mm ©Lam
February 28,
oral xjars ago made a report here on the bilj
providing that executive officer? should not be
held, accountable in ciyil process for arrests.
The committee of conference changed the text
of the bill somewhat more in form than in
words, It was discussed here all day and all
night, and at three o'clock in the morning fh,e
bill filially passed this. b,ody. The discussion
was not m^de on the ground .that the commit-
tee, of conference could not change the text of
the'-ljill which' had been agreed to by the .two
H'ouses, but the contest was over the merits
of the case on the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus. I will not occupy the time of
the Senate with that case. It occupies a great
deal of space in the Globe. I have had occa-
sion to read through it. I will only refer to a
few. cases that have occurred recently within
our own recollection, so that Senators will be
sure I am right. I have seen also several
cases that occurred in the earlier history of
the proceedings in the Senate.
The first case that struck my attention after
I became a member of the Senate was the
report of a committee of conference which was
made by the then Senator from New Hamp-
shire, Mr. Clark, upon House bill No. 780, to
protect the revenue, and for other purposes.
The committee reported that they had met;
and after full and free conference had agreed
to recommend to their respective Houses that
the House recede from certain amendments,
and then that the Senate recede from other
amendments, and finally they inserted this
new proviso :
"Provided further. That nothing herein contained
shall apply to long combing or oarpet wools costing
twelve cents or less per pound unless the charges so
added shall carry the cost above twelve cents per
ponnd, m which ease one cent per pound shall be
added."
That was entirely new matter, not in either
of the bills that had passed the two Houses. I
find the action of the Senate on tbat report
thus recorded in the Journal:
"The Senate proceeded to consider the report and
the accompanying recommendation of the commit-
tee of conference m respect to an amendment to the
text of the bill.
'On motion by Mr. Clark,
" Retolved, That the Senate agree to thosaid report,
and that it unanimously agree to the amendment to
the text of the bill as recommended by the commit-
tee of conference.
" Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of
Representatives thereof."
It was held in that case that it required the
unanimous consent of the Senate to amend the
text of the bill. It was so reported and so
argued.
Mr. CONKLING. It does not appear so,
from what you have read, but that the Senate
unanimously agreed to it.
Mr. POMEROY. It was so held in the de-
bate, as appears in the Globe. The report of
the committee contained nothing about that;
but when the Senate came to act upon it it
took this action:
"The Senate proceeded to consider the report and
the accompanying recommendation of the commit-
tee of conference in respect to an amendment to the
text of the bill.
On motion by Mr. Clark,
"Uesoloed, That the Senate agree to thesaid report,
and that it unanimously agree to the amendment to
the text of the bill as recommended by the commit-
tee of conference."
It was held that that was the only way in
which the text of the bill could be changed.
Mr. CONKLING. You mean in the argu-
ments ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir ; and that was
the action of the Senate. It was argued so,
as appears by the Globe.
There are one or two other cases. They are
all to the same import in effect. Here is a case
where a committee of conference reported on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
16th of June, 1862, on an amendment to House
bill No. 413, making appropriations for the
payment of the bounty authorized by the
sixth section of an act entitled "An act
to authorize the employment of volunteers
to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
the public property," approved July 22, 1861.
They reported a. change of the text of the
bill:
"The report having been read, the Vies Presi-
dent"—
Mr. Hamlin, of Maine, was then in the
chair—
"stated that he thought it the duty of the Chair to
call the attention of .the. Senate to the fact that the
committee of conference in their report had recom-
mended a change in the text of the bill.
- "On motion Uy Mr. Powell",Stbat the Senate ffis-
agree to the report, atffcl that it be recommitted to
the committee of conference," &e.
When the Presiding Officer, who was then
Yice President of the United States, oh that
occasion -felt it his duty to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that the committee of
conference had undertaken to amend the text
of the bill which had been agreed to by the
two Houses, the Senate at once recommitted
the report; and if you will read the debate on
that occasion you will see that it was held in
the argument that the power of a committee of
Conference was confined to disagreeing votes
between the two Houses; that a conference
was asked on that account; and that when they
had reconciled the votes of the two Houses,
their mission had ended, and they could only
report to their respective Houses what they
had accomplished toward reconciling the dis-
agreeing votes; that it was not in their power
to amend the text.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to make an
inquiry of the Senator. Is not the case which
he has just handed me, and are not all the
cases on this head, instances of a committee
of conference putting some matter into a bill
upon which the two Houses had not acted one
way or the other, introducing new and original
matter ?
Mr. POMEROY. Some of these cases do
involve that with this other principle.
Mr. CONKLING. Do they not all involve it?
Mr. POMEROY. They all involve that;
but they all involve this also : that they under-
took to change the text of the bill which had
been agreed to between the two Houses ; and
since I have been a member of this body I never
have seen the original text of a bill changed by
a committee of conference that it was not re-
sisted when it came into the Senate; but we
have cured it by agreeing to it unanimously.
In this case it will be observed that the Pre-
siding Officer arrested the report of the com-
mittee by announcing that they had undertaken
to change the text of the bill, and the Senate
at once recommitted it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What case was that?
Mr. POMEROY. That was a case upon the
report of the committee of conference on the
16th of June, 1862, on House bill No. 413,
making appropriations for the payment of
bounties authorized by the sixth section of an
act entitled "An act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteers," &c.
After it had been recommitted we find that—
" The Senate resumed the consideration of the re-
port of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. K. No.
413) making appropriations for the payment of the
bounty, &c., and Mr. Powell having modified his
motion to read as follows:
" Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the report
of the committee of conference, and ask a further
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the said bill."
That resolution was carried—yeas 20, nays
17. As soon as the committee of conference
changed the text of the bill in that case the
Senate first recommitted it to the committee,
and when they made their second report it was
disagreed to, and a new committee of confer-
ence was asked for and given.
I do not desire to consume time on this sub-
ject. This question of a constitutional amend-
ment has been before the Senate for a long time.
I have no hostility to the measure itself, but I
have insisted year after year that the Senate
owes it to itself to maintain its parliamentary
law and parliamentary practice. It is laid
down in Jefferson's Manual—and nothing can
be laid down clearer—that a committee of con-
ference cannot change what has been agreed
upon by the two Houses, but their power term-
inates when they have undertaken to recon-
cile the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The House of Representatives have made Jef-
ferson's Manual a part of their rules. Where
it does not conflict with their own rules they
have adopted Jefferson's Manual, and if the
House of Representatives have adopted this
report they have broken their own role on this
question,
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator mean
to say that the committee have attempted to
revise any portion of.the text of the bill which
stands as independent matter and not depend-
ent upon the amendment? I am very confi-
dent that they have not.
Mr. POMEROY. There were two distinct
propositions agreed upon between the two
Houses. One was that the colored man should
have the right to vote; another was that he
should have the right to hold office. The two
Houses agreed to the proposition that he should
have the right to vote and the right to hold
office; and the committee of conference have
stricken out one clause—the right to hold office.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator is mistakes.
The proposition agreed to by the Senate was
that the colored man should have the right to
vote and to hold office. The House said,
"Very well; he shall have that right provided
you will attach other conditions," which quali-
fied the right to vote and to hold office.
Mr. POMEROY. I was only going to add,
not desiring to take up time or to express my-
self as hostile to the measure, that I think com-
mittees of conference should be held strictly to
parliamentary law and good usage; and where
a distinct proposition has been agreed to by
both Houses it should not again come into the
discussion by a recommendation of a commit-
tee of conference to change it. What the Sen-
ator from Nevada says is true in one respect.
The House did agree to this proposition with
an amendment. When the House concluded
to recede from its amendment the disagreement
ceased ; there was no further conflict between
the two Houses. This proposition to hold office
has always been as distinct a proposition as any
other proposition in the constitutional amend-
ment, and it was not in the power of the com-
mittee of conference to change it. Thatisthe
usage of the Senate and the parliamentary law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Kansas to raise a question of order?
Mr. POMEROY. It is not a question of
order. I will raise it if it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it, then?
Mr. POMEROY. In previous debates Sen-
ators undertook to raise the question of order.
It was tried two or three times, and the Chair
always held that it was not a question of order.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to say but a word on
this question. The Senator from Kansas is
entirely mistaken about the point.
Mr. POMEROY. It is possible that I am,
and it is possible that I am not.
Mr. STEWART. It is not true, in point of
fact, that this was an entire proposition. Let
me state it to the Senate. The Senate passed
a resolution to insert in the Constitution these
words:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and to hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States, or by any State, on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
The House amended that proposition so that
it would read thus :
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and to hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
any State—
leaving out "the United States"—
on account of race, color, nativity, property, creed, or
previous condition of servitude;
qualifying the right to hold office, as con-
tained in the Senate proposition, by two other
conditions, or stating cases in which the States
should not deny the right to hold office by put-
ting in two other propositions; qualifying the
proposition of the Senate that they should have
the right to hold office by a very important'
amendment. They did not agree in the qual-.
ification upon the right to hold office.- The"
right to hold office was a dependent proposition
