1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
evening, and he is hero for the reason that I
gave him that notice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is he opposed to it?
Mr. FERRY. He is opposed to it. .
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I insist on the
point of order, and object to that bill being
t^Uen up, as it is a contested matter.
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator will permit
me to state what the bill is, I can do so in a
word. The State, of Connecticut by an act of
its Legislature last spring authorized the con-
struction of a bridge.over the Connecticut river,
whose navigable waters are entirely within that
State. This bill, upon the petition of the rail-
road company, is favorably reported by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
after having passed the House of Representa-
tives, giving the assent of Congress to that
legislation of the State of Connecticut. It is
therefore a bill which falls precisely within the
description of the concluding paragraph of the
order calling for this evening session—a bill
private in its nature, asking the assent of Con-
gress to an act of the Legislature of Connec-
ticut.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A question
of order is made whether the motion is within
the rule. I suppose that the whole matter is
in the control of the Senate, to take up what
they please, notwithstanding the order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that is an im-
portant question. When there is a meeting of
the Senate in the evening to consider a par-
ticular class of business some Senators do not
come here, perhaps because they do not take
an interest in that particular class of business,
or perhaps because it may not be of very great
public importance; and I think we ought, to
stand by the rule. It is like making a special
order of a whole class of business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that the
President has decided the question, and it is
not open to debate. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Special
orders are under the control of the Senate
always. They can rescind an order making a
special order, and they can rescind this order,
] suppose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn. It is after nine o'clock.
Mr. FERIiY. Before that motion is put
allow me to give a further notice to my col-
league that I shall be compelled every morn-
ing to make an effort to get up this bill whether
he is present or not. I desire to bring it up
when my colleague is here to give him the full-
opportunity to be heard upon it.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to say one word with
regard to the question whether this bill ought
to be acted on to-night. I wish to have the
order read under,which the Senate met this
evening. I doubt very much whether this bill
is included within that order, although my col-
league gave me notice that, he would call it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believethe Chair recog-
nized me, and I made a motion that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I thought
the Senator withdrew it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I did not with-
draw it. It is after nine o'clock.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
directing a meeting this evening will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following order
made yesterday:
Ordered, That the Senate hold a session at seven
o'clock p. m. on Thnrday, the 4th instant, for the
purpose of considering reports from the Committee
on Private Land Claims and the Committee on Publie
Lands, and also for considering private claims.
Mr. DIXON. Now, Mr. President, I sub-
mit that under that order this bill cannot be
fairly considered, although my colleague gave
me notice the other day that he should attempt
to have action upon it this evening. The lim-
itation is to private land claims and private
claims in general. This is not a private claim.
It is a public act relating to a public matter, in
no sense a private claim. I therefore object
"under that order to any action upon it this
evening.
Mr. FERRY. I understood the -Chair had
decided the question of order.
The.PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not suppose there is any order about it.
It is all under the control of the Senate. They
can rescind the order or take up any business
that it is the pleasure of the Senate to proceed
to take up.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest that as this matter
is one upon which the two Senators from Con-
necticut are in controversy, and which is likely
to excite discussion here, we lay it aside for
the present to enable me to take up a little
bill, which I wish very much to have passed,
and which will excite no discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. HOWE. On that question I have a
modest suggestion to offer. At my instance,
the Senate graciously incorporated an amend-
ment into the order moved by the Senator
from Oregon yesterday, so that there was
included in it a provision for considering pri-
vate claims in addition to bills reported by the
Committee on Private Land Claims and the
Committee on Public Lands. Up to this hour
of the evening I have not had an opportunity
to move anything. I hope, therefore, the Sen-
atorfrom Connecticut willnotpresshismotion.
Mr. FERRY. Upon hearing the order read
its concluding clause is different in phraseology
from what I had understood. I understood it
stated 1' such other private business as the Sen-
ate might take up." It seems that the language
is " other private claimsand willing to defer
to the order of the Senate on this subject,, and
not to introduce a bad precedent, I withdraw
my motion.
ARSENAL GROUNBS AT ST. LOTUS.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 862,
amendatory of the act providing for the sale
of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and Liberty,
Missouri, and for other purposes," approved
July 25, 1868, which I suppose comes within
the scope of the order for this evening's session.
With the permission of the Senate I will
state in a very few words what the object of
this bill is, so that they can determine whether
they will consider it. Last July, by act of Con-
gress, the arsenal grounds at St. Louis were
ordered to be sold, and in that act there was
granted to the city of St. Louis the western-
most six acres of thatgrouud for a public park.
Upon an examination of the ground, with a
view to lay it off' in lots, the commandant of
the arsenal finds that the westernmost six acres
would be taken out of one corner of the tract,
making a tract, of land of the shape of an ob-
tuse angle. He recommended by letter to the
chief of ordnance that the location of the grunt
should be changed to the eastern end. The
chief of ordnance approves the recommenda-
tion ; the Secretary of War transmits it to Con-
gress with his approval; and the whole objcct
of this bill is simply to amend that grant in
such a way'as to allow the six acres to be taken
out of another part of the tract.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of less value.
Mr. DRAKE. Of less value than that which
would be taken off on the western end. That
is all that I wish to say in explanation of the
object of the hill to enable the Senate to decide
whether it will take it up.
Mr. HOWE. What committee does it come
from ?
Mr. DRAKE. The Committee on Military
Affairs. I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to repealso
much of the third section of the act providing
for the sale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis
and Liberty, Missouri, and for other purposes,
approved July 25/-l£§8f,s*s.(grapts to the city
of St. Louis, .the westernjDiOst six acres of the
tract of ground occupied by,the St. Lows
arsenal, so far as it designates,the part of ihe
tract so granted.; and in, lieu, of the western-
most six acres it proposes to grant to the city,
for the purposes and upon the conditions ex-
pressed in the act, other six acres of the tract,
to be designated bythg Secretary of War; ana
the period limited in the act for the erection
of the monument therein contemplated to be
erected is to be considered as commencing at
the time when the Secretary of War shall have
designated the six acres of the tract to be
granted to the city; but no part of the six
acres are to be selected east of the western line
of the ground occupied by the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain railroad for its road.
Mr. DRAKE. The bill was reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs favorably, with
an amendment striking out the last three
words, which are tautological.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment reported
by the committee is to strike out the -words
" for its road " at the end of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, but I really did not hear
the reading of the bill and the whole of the
explanation, and I should like to know whether
there is any appropriation of land or money in
the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, that
there is no appropriation of money; it is simply
a transfer of a previously made grant of land,
from one part of the tract to the other; that
end which was previously granted being far
more yaluable to the Government than the end
from which they now propose that it shall be
taken.
Mr. CAMERON. Then, in the opinion of
the Senator, the Government gains by the
transaction?
Mr. DRAKE. The probability is that the Gov-
ernment will gain many thousands of dollars
by it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LAND SCRIP.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 715. It will occupy but a moment.
Mr. HOWE. What committee does it come
from ?
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as ill Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
considerthebill(S. No. 715) tolegalize certain
land locations. It provides that the provisions
of the act of Congress, approved July 27,
1B08, entitled " An act to protect the rights
of actual settlers upon the publie lands of the
United States," shall not apply to locations
of the agricultural college scrip prior to the
receipt, by the register and receiver of^ the
respective land offices where such locations
were made, of official notice of the passage of
the act; but all such locations, it otherwise
made in conformity with law, are confirmed,
legalized, and made valid.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment in line seven, to
strikeout the word "but" before the word
"prior" and to insert the word "made," and
in line nine, to strike out the word " by " and
inserttheword "of" beforetheword "official."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. 1 offer another amend-
ment, to insert the following proviso at the end
of the bill:
Provided, That this act shall not be construed or
held to confirm any location made more than thirty
days after the passage of such act of July 27.1868.
I have a short letter from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office explaining the
