1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <JtkOBE.
875
authority, the actual experiment of these trus1
tees, headed by Mr. Cornell, in disposing of
this scrip.
Mr. RAMSEY. I simply meant to say that
the scrip had various prices in various States.
The Senator from Indiana says the whole of the
scrip of that State was sold for fifty-five Cents.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not certain as to
the exact amount. I think fifty-five or sixty
cents; my impression is about fifty-five cents.
Mr. RAMSEY. A very low figure.
Mr. CONKLING-. I am speaking, as the
Senator will not fail to observe, of the particular
scrip, the particular quantity or quota of scrip
to which I was referring. I do not mean to
speak of others, because I have no knowledge
as to the facts in regard to them. I repeat that
this scrip, a large part of which was in the con-
dition to be affected by this amendment of the
law, was thus suddenly and abruptly reduced
in its value from one hundred to sixty. I think
of the hardship of that there can be but one
opinion. Now these gentlemen who have, in
the instance which I speak of, and in the case
of two or three other colleges, representatives
of 'whom have corresponded with me-on this
subject, no interest iu the world except to be
permitted to carry out for the colleges the ori-
ginal expectation which wasguarantied by legis-
lation as it then stood, want, if possible, to get
their scrip reinstated, and this in tlie estima-
tion of all of these is the fair way. If there
is a better way they will be as glad as I shall
be to accept it, but I supposed and still sup-
pose that this is the true way. It may be that
some of this stock in instances has gone into
the hands of speculators. Everything which
is put afloat, which is bought and sold, does go
into the hands of speculators.
Mr. NYE. Does it make any difference in
whose hands It is? If it is in bona fide hands
what difference does it make where it came
from ?
Mr. CONKLTNG. I do not see that it does.
1 do not see that it makes any more difference
than it does in regard to a variety of claims with
which I might illustrate as to which we legislate
continually, where we know they have gone from
assignor to assignee. The very last contested
case which the Senate considered is represented
by an assignee who is subrogated to the rights
of the assignor. A thing negotiable as this scrip
is, which passes from hand to hand, I think
the Senator from Nevada is emphatically war-
ranted in saying is not prejudiced by the fact
that it has gone from the hands of the first
holder to the hands of the second holder, for
that was precisely the design; it was issued for
that. So that I see no particular weight or value
in that suggestion. But it seems to me—and it
is unnecessary to argue it, the statement of the
fact carries with it all, the value and weight to
which it is entitled—it seems to me that when
persons, as in the instance which I referred to,
have given very largely, munificently, of their
private fortunes in addition to embarking their
efforts to found seminaries of learning based
upon a value fixed by legislation, we should
permit a law abruptly to strike down forty per
cent, of the value which they relied upon, and
then refuse to correct it in this way or in some
way, is a proposition which cannot commend
itself to the conscience or judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. WARNER. 1 simply wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the interest which
the southern States have in this matter. I
hope that the amendment of the Senator from
New York will be adopted. We are now all
agreed in the South, men of all parties—and
in that judgment the Senate will concur—as
to the paramount necessity of educating our
people, educating the white people and the
colored people, and particularly the necessity
of Ptlucating the large class of newly-made
voters at the South. The effect of this amend-
ment is to add thirty per cent, to the value of
the scrip which is to be given to those States
for educational purposes, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
New York on reflection will agree with me
that while we ought to adopt one proviso in
his amendment we may as well leave out the
other. The first proviso repeals the act limit-
ing the location of college scrip to three sec-
tions in a township. The second proviso-pnts
college scrip on precisely the same ground
with bounty-land warrants. I think the last
provison will give the scrip all the market
value it is entitled to. The first proviso of'
the amendment is—
That this act shall not be construed to affect the
Ioeationofsueti sarip as had been issued prior to the
date of its approval.
If this is adopted it will repeal the law lim-
iting the location of the scrip to three sections
in a township.
Mr. CONKLTNG. It only repeals it iu the
past, not as to scrip then iiij'uluro.
Mr. POMEROY. But all excepting to the
southern States was issued before the date of
the law we passed last year limiting it to three
sections in a township.
Mr. CONKL.1NG. Not all, by any,means,
as I understand. , -
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to adopt
the last proviso of the Senator's amendment,
which is in these words:
And provided further, That, all such scrip shall bo
received from actual settlers in payment of preemp-
tion claims, in the samo manner as is now authorized
by law in case of military bounty-land warrants.
I am satisfied that would give the scrip a
good market value. It will be good in the
hands of actual settlers, as land warrants are,
and will be taken up in that way, and it will
not repeal the act of Congress limiting the
location to three sections in a township. If
the Senator from New York concurs with me,
I will move to amend his amendment by strik-
ing out the first proviso.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I had a very interest-
ing conversation with Mr. Cornell in regard t,o
this matter, and became much interested in his
institution of learning; and from what he told
me I should think that it is a great enterprise,
and reflects much credit upon him. But I
would not for that institution of learning or
any other institution of learning, or for any
institution that I know of in the country, inter-
pose any sort of speculation between the Gov-
ernment and the men who are to purchase the
public lands for homes. 1 think we go far
enough when we say to the owners of this scrip
that it may be used in the purchase of the
public lands by the actual settlers. That will
certainly add great value to it.
As I understand from him, the purpose of
Mi\ Cornell is to hold this scrip until he makes
the locations himself, selecting good lands, and
to hold the lands until they shall go up in value.
So far as he may locate the scrip upon pine
lands in the timber region of country, there is
no serious objection to that; but when the
proposition is distinctly made to locate large
bodies of the public lands for the benefit of a
college or for the benefit of any other institu-
tion, and let them be held thus m dead hands,
if I may so express it, until the farmers go in
and improve the surrounding country, make
farms, school-houses, churches, and roads,
and give a value to this land that is held in
large bodies, so that there may be a speculation
to the holder growing out of the enterprise of
the farmers, I shall not approve upon any
proposition whatever. I think that is the pur-
pose, and I think the purpose is not right in
view of the interests of the settler.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, I believe
that the larger part of this land scrip has been
sold, and by some of the States at very low
rates, and passed into the hands of speculators.
I saw the other day a list of the different States
which have recently sold their college land
scrip, and the price ranged below sixty cents
an acre, running from sixty cents down to fifty
cents. Now, if anybody is to be benefited by
this act, it is to be the purchasers of this scrip,
except in such cases as the Cornell University,
to which nobody could have any objection.
I am not insensible to the fact that in object-
ing to this amendment I am placing the inter-
ests Of one State possibly against, tljs interests
of several; bat I will st&te, so that Senators
may see why I object, tliat-larid scrip was
issued to the State of North Carolina during
the provisional government, and they, by an
act, violated the restrictions which were placed
by Congress on the care oftha|| rtof property,
and turned it over to the State -Uriiversitv,
when the law provides that the Slate itself
shall be the custodian of the land or the money
which is derived from the sale of theland serip.
The university then proceeded to sell it for
fifty cents an acre, when New Hampshire sold
her scrip for eighty cents, and Massachusetts,
I think, for eighty-five, and other States rang-
ing along at that price ; and now'a controversy
has grown out of this, and if this amendment is
passed I shall otter another amendment (and
it may apply to any other State that pleases to
accept it) excepting that scrip issued to North
Carolina, if the Senator from New Y"ork has
I; no objection io it.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest to the Senator
that this amendment does not affect the state
of, facts which he states at all. If the parties
getting this scrip from his State were ia donbt,
about the title they probably have disposed of
it before this.
Mr. ABBOTT. I ought to have stated that
the scrip probably has not been all received by
the purchaser, and the present State govern-
ment has directed the bank in which the scrip
was deposited to issue no more of it, and the
person who purchased it would not be inclined
to draw it until the question is settled.
Mr. POMEROY. The titie of the pur-
chasers who have bought in good faith ought
not to be affected.
Mr. ABBOTT. I have introduced a bill here
to nullify the former issue to that State, and
provide for a reissue on the condition that the
State pays back to the purchaser his money
with interest.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator that the date of the act which
this amends is such that I understand his State
would not be affected at all by this amendment.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, this seems to
me to be distinctly a proposition against the
western Slates and Territories. Though it is
in favor, in one sense, of the institutions of
learning of the States to which this scrip has
been apportioned, yet it is to give them the
privilege of locating their scrip on the public
lands of the new States in large tracts.
On the 27th of July of last year a very wise
provision was incorporated in the law, which
was read by the Senator from Minnesota, re-
stricting parties holding this scrip to the loca-
tion of three sections in any one township.
disregard of that law, persons holding this
scrip went on to locate lands in large bodies,
perhaps in some instances whole townships
together Those lands, then, can^ be held by
them at large prices, and unquestionably such
action will impede the settlement of the sec-
tions of country so taken up. I cannot regard
this in any other light than that. If we repeal
for the time being or for the eases where these
locations have been made, the law of July 27,
1808, the result is virtually to confirm these
locations in large tracts which are contrary to
the policy of our Government and have alwaj's
been so.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator as a
lawyer, looking to the law and looking to the
equity of the case, whether ho is prepared to
justify an act which, striking at scrip m the
hands of bona fide holders, reduces it arbitra-
rily one third in value ?
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, though the dis-
position that the gentleman would make of the
scrip, or allow holders to make of it, might
increase its value to the holders and to the
Cornell University, yet it operates directly
against the State of California and the people
of California, where this scrip has been located
in large quantities.
