1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrL@B35:
mm
fight against a constitutional provision that se-
cured to men of his faith the right to hold office
in spite of the constitution of New Hampshire ?
Now, for one, if this amendment goes to
the people in this form, I protest against any
inference that I am not in favor of colored
citizens holding office, not in favor of protect*
ing adopted citizens, not in favor of.protect-
ing men in their equal rights, on account of
religious belief, property, or educationalquall-
fications. I am in favor of protecting citizens
against all these qualifications, and X mean,
by the blessing'of God, by speech and act, to
work for the enjoyment of the absolute right
of citizens in the States to voteandhold office
without.regard to race, color, previous condi-
tion of servitude, nativity, property, or relig-
ious faith.
There is one thing I remember—aud I want
Senators to think of this, and if there is a
chance to appoint a new committee and get
something better, as is indicated by a member
of this last committee—I want them to re-
member that in the constitutional convention
of Georgia Mr. Ackerman, one of the ablest
men of that State, a lawyer of eminence and
high character, proposed that the constitution
should provide not only for the black man's
voting, but for the black man's holding office.
A few timid, conservative, halting, short-
sighted Republicans were afraid to meet the
people of Georgia on a plain, square, and di-
rect issue, and they got together, consulted,
held consultations over it, got scared, and
went into the convention; and all the men in
that convention, with the exception of twelve,
including black men, backed square down.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They thought that was
all they could get, I suppose.
Mr. WILSON. They did not try to getmore.
They went to the people of the State, talked
with a forked tongue, one class of politicians
saying that the negro had the right to vote but
no right to hold office, and the other class say-
ing that lie had the right to vote and to hold
office. They elected quite a number of black
men to the Legislature. The black men in
their maguauimity and generosity—for there
never was a people so magnanimous, so gener-
ous, so forbearing, and so good-hearted toward
those who have been their enemies as the black
men of this country—allowed unrepentent and
unforgiven traitors to sit in the Legislature with
them, and the moment those men got the power
they hurled the black men out of the Legisla-
ture. There are no Senators sitting here from
Georgia on account of that action, and we have
passed months and we do not yet see the remedy.
Do not tell me, sir, that the right to vote
carries with it the right to hold office.^ It does
no such thing. If there is nothing said about
it the fair inference is that it does, but if there
is a provision in a State constitution otherwise
silence does not annul or overthrow that con-
stitutional or legal declaration. No man in the
world has a right to hold an office. The peo-
ple have aright to vote, and they have the right
to put terms and conditions to the offices that
they make.
Mr. Webster said in the constitutional con-
vention of Massachusetts, in 1320, that no man
had the right to hold offfee, but the people
had a right to define and make the terms and
conditions upon which offices should be held.
I do not believe in anybody's right to make
terms and conditions founded on race or color
that cannot be overcome; but many of the
States have done it, and silence will not over-
throw what they have done. I believe, how-
ever, that if the black men have the right to
vote they and their friends in the struggle of the
future will achieve the rest. Therefore I am
willing now to give them the right to vote if
I cannot get for them the right to be voted for.
I will take that if I cannot get any more. The
adoptiou of the amendment will not close the
question, as I had hoped we should be able to
do within the next few months, for I have no
doubt if we submit the broad, square proposi
tion to the people of this country before the
1st day of January next we shall have a con-
stitutional amendment adopted which will cover
the whole grouud, and the great struggle will
be closed-, and closed forever.
I want to see the rights of the negro secured,
for I want to see this negro question out of the
politics of the country. I waat to see every-
body's .rights absolutely secured ; and then let
u& sit down-here and see to it that, the.consti-
tutions and laws are enforced, that men prac-
tically have their .rights,- and go to wor,k and
build up this nation and make it what it ought
to be—the .foremost nation of the world.. That
is our wor^. • But here we have .passed through^
ten years of' struggle; we &ave had to gather
every-triumph of human rights step by step, a;
little at a time; but by the blessing of God the.
final fruition will come some time, and we will'
work on for that end. If I cannot get all, I
will take a part. ■
Now, if there is a chance for a new confer-
ence committee, I am for it; if not, I am for
adopting this report. I cannot take the re-
sponsibility of defeating this amendment that
secures suffrage if it does not secure the right
to hold office to citizens without regard to race,
color, or previous condition of servitude..
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
disagree "to the report of the committee and
ask for a further conference with the House of
Representatives.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a point of order.
The motion to concur is first in order, and I
wish to say to the Senate 
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the point of
order submitted to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on concurring in the report.
Mr. STEWART. My motion to concur is
pending, and that has precedence.
Mr. POMEROY. The question before the
Senate on the report of the committee of con-
ference is, of course, to concur with the re-
port ; but pending that question I apprehend
the Senate have aright, before deciding whether
to concur or not, to recommit the bill to the
same committee or to disagree and ask for a
further conference. If this committee desire
it I am willing to change the* motion so as to
move to recommit the subject to the same
committee; but if they do not desire that, I
want a vote on the question whether we shall
have a further conference.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow rae to suggest to
the honorable Senator that there can be no
object in taking a vote on a motion to disagree.
It is simply transposing the motions. The mo-
tion as it now stands is to concur. If that
motion is disagreed to, of course we do not
agree to the report, and then itwillbe in order
to move for a further committee of conference.
I suggest to the Senator further that as a two-
thirds vote is necessary I o concur, he is stronger
on the proposition as it now stands than he
would be if he puts an affirmative question on
disagreeing ; because then he must get at least
a majority, whereas if the present motion fails
by a tie the question will be decided as he wants
it decided.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate has just
listened to the remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts, in which he said that if he can-
notget anything better he will vote forthe prop-
osition of the committee of conference in its
present form, but he wants first to see if he can-
not amend it and get it in a better shape.
Mr. CONKLING. But the Senator from
Massachusetts would not be more likely to vote
for a motion to disagree than he would be^ to
vote to disagree on the present motion. The
vote is the same; the difference is merely in
the form of putting it.
Mr. POMEROY. No; there are several
Senators who would not feel at liberty to defeat
this measure who would vote to send it to a
new committee.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a different mo-,
tion if the Senator moves for another committee
of conference; but his proposition, as I under-
stand it, was to disagree to this report. That
is the present motion put the other way.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 move to disagree to this
present, repoj-t, in order to pefer.it to a new
committee, not for,the sake of defeating the
measure by any means-
Mr. CONKLING- If. theSenatorfrom.Kan-
sas wishes to,move to recommit this,report to,
the present committee, ,t|i^t^J wibmit to him,
might- he a useful ipotion, ..and. mightieuable
Senators like the'Senator from Massachusetts
to try. the experiment .they, (i-esire y but if he
wisli%s to n3,ove .^disagree wi% a, yiew to com-
mit it to auothpr camroittee, then ! submit to
hjiin .that this present motion presents tha.tpre-
cise question, because, shopld the Senat® dis-
agree,"to tl^e repojt it will, of course,'be in
order to ask for another conference. . ; •
Mr. CONNEgS. ! rise to calfattention to
the fact that th? Chair has decided the motion
of the Senator from Kansas to be oat of order ;
and if I am right, of course the proceedings
which are Being taken'a^e out of Order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is a verf plain one.1 It is moved that the
Senate concur inthe" report of the coiiinnttee
of conference.- That motion is first to be put,
according to the order laid dowu in tlio rules.
If that fails, of course the Senate dissjgre.es.
J3r. POMEROY. Mr. President-
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to ask if the'Chair
4ecides that the moiion. of the Senator from
Kansas is out of order at this time ?
The PRESIDENT1 pro ftpypore., It is out
of order, though, it does not differ from the
other. The other motion, rpast he put first,
but the same result is'reach^d.
Mr. CONNESS. Both motions cannot he
pending at once. „ , -
Mr. POMEROY. The reason I preferred
the form I suggested was that there are sev-
eral Senators who do not feel at liberty to vote
to disagree to this report if the vote is a final
one, but who want to make every earnest,
honest effort to get a better report.
Mr. -CONKLING. Then, why not move to
recommit it? That will enable them to try that.
Mr. POMEROY. There ate several Sena-
tors who desire to have a new committee of
conference appointed.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, they must disagree
to this report.
Mr. POMEROY. With the understanding
that if we disagree we can have a new com-
mittee of conference, I shall vote to disagree.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore If the Sen-
ate refuse to agree they disagree, and all the
consequences of that iollow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iwishtomake an inquiry
of the Chair ou a question of order. Suppose
we do not, concur in this report of the com-
mittee of conference, „3s the measure thereby
defeated or are we then at liberty to ask' for
another conference?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Another
conference can be asked for.
Mr. MORTON. I shall probably vote for
this report made by the committee of confer-
ence, because I think I cannot do any better,
for the reason that the time within which to act
is so short. Time is important, and I am afraid
if this matter is referred to another committee
of conference the resolution uiay be lost alto-
gether. I go upon the principle of taking half
a loaf when I cannot get a whole one; but
nevertheless I want to say that it is pretty hard
to accept the half loaf when a whole one or
almost a whole one has been offered to us
and has been rejected by the committeeof con-
ference. I was somewhat surprised to find
that this committee should report to us a prop-
osition that has been rejected by every vote ot
the Senate from the time we, first commenced
voting upon it. This proposition has been
rejected by every vote from first to last; and
yet the Senate is now required to slunk through
and to cut this pretty figure by the committee
of conference.
The first proposition sent over by the House
of Representatives was in subst&uce tliat which,
the committee of conference have agreed upon,
that the right to vote should not be denied by
the United States or by any State on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
