876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr. CONKLING. But, jf my honorable
friend will pardon me, that is not the point I
presented to him. Under a certain state of the
law scrip was issued which had one restriction,
and only one. The people took it, and for it
paid their money. The question I submit to
him is whether in law or in equity he justifies
an enactment which abruptly shrank or dimin-.
isbed the value of that scrip ia the hands of
bona fide holders, even if they were not sem-
inaries of learning, one third or one half?
Mr. COLE. As I understand this proposi-
tion, it is to relieve persons who located this
scrip after the law of the 27th of July was
passed.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir. On the contrary,
it is to put in statu quo that scrip which was
issued antecedent to the law.
Mr. COLE. Issued antecedent, bat not
located.
Mr. CONKLING. To f>ut back the holders
of that scrip in the possession of precisely what
they paid for.
Mr. COLE. It applies to scrip issued ante-
cedent to the passage, but located after the
passage of the law of the 27th of July.
Mr. CONKLING. I am talking of the scrip,
not the location.
Mr. COLE. Every person is supposed to
be acquainted with the law the moment it
passes unless its operation is postponed by some
section or provision of the statute. These per-
sons were presumed to be put upon notice of
the existence of the law immediately upon its
passage. I judge from some of the locations
which have been made tlmt they were put, upon
notice of it, and that they went on and made
their locations in defiance or disregard of the
law. Such I must infer to be the case from
the dates that are given in the letter of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
If Ihey did it innocently, without knowledge,
or if they did it with knowledge, I can.hardly
sec any reason why Congress should relieve
(hem from the operations of that law of the
271 h of July of last year.
Mr. HARLAN. I can explain to the Sen-
ator how this occurred. It would require a
few da^s before the instructions could reach
the registers in the local land office from the
(! encral Land Office. Suppose a law is passed
here to-day; it may be thirty days before in-
structions from this city can by mail reach
some of the land offices located on the Pacific
coast. During that intervening period parties
may come in and locate their scrip on the
public lands. It may have been so in this case ;
and if so, il, must have been with the concur-
rence of the register of the land office. It
was not, the fault of the citizen, but the result
of ignoranee of the law on the part of the
oflicer of the Government.
Mr. COLE. A word further, Mr. President.
I observe in the letter of the Commissioner that
in the Stockton district there were located on
the 27th of July, 1808, the very day of the
passage of the law, eighty-four pieces, and
between the 1st and 21th of August forty-nine
pieces; and at the Yisalia land office there
were located on the 20th of July, two days
after the passage of the law, one hundred and
ninety-onepieces, and between the 1st and 17th
of August ninety-three pieces. These locations
seem to have been made just about the time
of the passage of the law, and it seems to have
been an attempt to grab a large quantity of
land, and so to exclude the settlers by specu-
lators putting themselves in possession of these
large tracts of laud, whole townships together,
which they got for sixty cents or fifty-five cents
per acre, and then to charge the settlers five
or ten or fifteen dollars per acre, and thus ex-
clude settlors from the lands in that State. If
that is not the operation of it I am quite mis-
taken.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, this is a
very ^important subject, and it is one which
requires time for consideration 
Mr. POMEROY. I think we can take a
vote m a few minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we cannot dis-
pose of this subject now.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me to say a few words, I will then make the
motion which he is about to make.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say a word or
two in relation to the amendment. I think I
could vote for thebill if the amendment offered
by the honorable Senntorfrom New York were
not to be adopted; but I have an objection to
that amendment for two reasons. The first
part of the amendment is adverse to the inter-
ests of the settlers, and the second part of the
amendment is adverse to the interests of the
Treasury of the United States ; and in protect-
ing the Treasury of the United States I am
sure I shall h&ve the sympathy of the honor-
able Senator from New York.
The first part of his amendment, as we have
seen, will in effect repeal the law limiting the
location of this kind of scrip to the respective
townships of public lands, as now provided by
the statute. If it could be located indiscrim-
inately on all public lands, taking them in a
body, as has been well explained by the hon-
orable Senator from California, it would pre-
vent the improvement of the new States and
Territories; would prevent the construction
of roads, the erection, of school-houses, and
all the conveniencies that cluster around fron-
tier settlers. For that reason I think that part
of the amendment ought not to be adopted.
The other part ought not to be, because it
will be in effect keeping out of the Treasury
dollars, lawful money of the United States.
Now a preemptor can only pay for the public
lands which he settles on as a preemptor, either
in lawful money of the United States or in mili-
tary land warrants. Military land warrants
are being rapidly exhausted, so that there is in
fact a large amount of public revenue derived
from the sale of public lands to the preetnptors.
This is not usually a hardship to the pre-
emptor, for the reason that he has an advan-
tase over the homestead settler or the party
purchasing at private entry. As a preemptor
he can go beyond the surveyed lands on to
lauds that are not surveyed and make his
improvement, and after the lands shall have
been surveyed he may then enter his tract and
pay for it in lawful money, or with a land
warrant. If the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from New York shall be
adopted it will enable him to enter that land
also with this college scrip, and just so long
as the college scrip is a small per cent, below
par, that is, a small per cent, below ยง1 25 an
acre, the preemption settler will, of course,
seek this scrip in the market, and thus keep
out of the Treasury of the United States so
many dollars in lawful money.
I have personally no objection to this. When
1 first entered the Senate I did so with the in-
| tcntion, so far it depended on me, to enable the
settlers on the public lands to procure their
homes without pay; thatis to say, at the naked
cost of extinguishing the Indian title and the
expenses of the survey and sale of the lands.
But I have not arrived at the conclusion myself
that we as representatives of the frontier States
ought to try to get the lands from the Govern-
ment at less than the cost of extinguishing the
Indian title and the cost of survey and sale.
We are content to take them and pay this part
of the expense, but it seems the honorable
Senator from New York is inclined to be more
liberal than we who _ represent the frontier
States ask ; but in this instance it happens to
be for the benefit of a college located in the
State that he so ably represents on this floor.
As it seems to me, when the honorable Sen-
ator shall have more fully considered this
subject, he will not be inclined to press this
amendment; but as the Senate is thin, and I
promised to make the motion that the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania rose to make
a short time ago, I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that motion will
be withdrawn, so that we can dispose of this
bill by laying it on, the table, so that it shall
not be the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. STEWART. I move that this bill be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew the motion to
agreed to; and the Senate
The motion was
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 4, 1869.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
recusant "witness henry johnson.
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms is
now at the bar of the House with Henry John-
son, a witness before the select committee of
this House appointed to investigate certain
alleged election frauds in the State of New
York. "On yesterday the House postponed
until this morning, immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal, the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingeksoli,] that "the wit-
ness be allowed at this time to make a state-
ment m his own defense." That motion is
now before the House for its action.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will state to
the House that this witness has appeared be-
fore' the committee and testified. I am also
directed by the committee to report that there
seems to have been some misunderstanding
between the witness and the messenger serving
the subpena as to the time and place of meet-
ing of the committee. But it does not appear
that the witness intended in any manner to
commit a contempt of the House, or of the
committee. I am therefore instructed to ask
that the witness be discharged. In pursuance
of that instruction, I have prepared a resolution
directing the immediate discharge of flip wit-
ness. That means, of course, that, tie be dis-
charged without the payment of costs, and that
his fees be paid him. I am perfectly willing
that the witness shall, in pursuance of the res-
olution .of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll,] be allowed to make any statement
which he may desire to make.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the resolution
of the gentleman from Illinois be laid on the
table. I make this motion because, as I un-
derstand, the witness desires to make no state-
ment, and because the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] is about to offer a resolution
for his honorable discharge.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the resolution of the
gentleman from Illinois he read.
The Clerk read as follows:
IteRofoeil, That tho witness be allowed to make a
statement in his own defense.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allisox,] that this resolution be laid on the
table.
The motion of Mr. Allisox w5s agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I submit the
following resolution :
Resolved, That.Tlfinry Johnson, nrro?ted by and in
the custody of the Serjeant-at-Arms of this House,
for refusal to appear before the Committee on Al-
leged New York Election Frauds, be and is discharged
from custody.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not say " honorably
discharged?"
Mr. LAW'ItENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I suppose that is unnecessary. There is no
presumption that it is a dishonorable discharge.
Mr. BROOKS. The witness has been charged
with a contempt, and has been brought all the
way from New York to answer for it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think I ought
to state that it appears from the testimony that
this witness came to the court building in oue
room of which the committee was sitting; that he
made inquiry for the committee, as he states,and
was directed to go to the court-room up stairs;
