1869.
•THE1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
877
that he went there and found the;door locked.
The committee was sitting in another room of
the court building, and had been for a week
or more ; and I think it probable that if he had
made such inquiry as he might have made, and
perhaps ought to have made,, he undoubtedly
would have ascertained, where the committee
was sitting. But he weht off without making
that inquiry. The committee does not desire
to Qast any reflection upon him ; and his dis-
charge will imply no reflection, especially as
we propose that he shall be discharged without
the payment of costs.
' Mr. BROOKS. I hope the committee will
be more careful hereafter.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope that
witnesses will be more careful to make inquiry
and ascertain where the committee is sitting.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Ohio ought to take notice in con-
nection with this transaction that the iacts now
admitted by him are substantially the very facts
which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Pkuyn] yesterday urged upon his attention.
The only effect of the denial of those facts
yesterday by the gentleman from Olii'o has been
the disgraceful incarceration of this citizen for
twenty-four hours. This man is indebted to
the gentleman from Ohio for that imprison-
ment.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of or-
der. I know that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] will not take it amiss
when I say that the word "disgraceful," which
he has justused, goes further than the language
for which I was yesterday called to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point-of order. This incarceration was by
order of the House ; and it is not in order for
any member to denounce the action of the
House as "disgraceful."
Mr. WOODWARD. I think, nevertheless,
that the expression is strictly correct in view
of the facts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, however, de-
cides otherwise.
Mr. WOODWARD. The House was led
into its decision by the refusal of the gentleman
from Ohio to accept the statement of the gen-
tleman from New York. The House then-
very properly, I think—committed this man to
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms ; but the
House was misled into that wrong by the gen-
tleman from Ohio refusing to accept yesterday
the statement which this morning, in the pres-
ence of the House, he himself presents.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair views this
question from a parliamentary, not a judicial
stand-point, he cannot understand, though the
gentleman from Pennsylvania may, how a
"disgraceful" act can "properly" be done.
Mr. WOODWARD. Well, sir, if I used
that expression I withdraw it. I do not so
value my words as to stickle about one of them.
I say, however, that if the gentleman from
Ohio had accepted yesterday the full and frank
statement which the gentleman from New York
made in behalf of the witness the House would
not have been misled into what was under the
circumstances the very proper act of recom-
mitting this citizen to the custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. Therefore, I think an apology
is due to the House from the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I desire to
make a remark in reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. 1 have no apology to make. I
reiterate the statement I made yesterday, that
this witness did not appear before the commit-
tee ; that he did not appear at the door of the
committee-room, and that he did not notify
the officer of the committee at the door of the
committee-room that he was present for the
purpose of appearing before the committee.
And I do not understand that he pretends that
he did any such thing. I do not understand
that he lifts made any statement at any time in
conflict with that which I now make or which I
made yesterday. The faet is, he did not appear
before the committee, and I had no knowledge
or information of his being in the building
where the committee was sitting. I yield to
my colleague on the committee.
Mr. DICKEY. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] is laboring
under a mistake as to what the gentleman from
New York stated yesterday. He-did- not give
the_ same excuse that the witness gives, "and
which was accepted by the committee.
Mr. WOODWARD. Substantially.
Mr. DICKEY. No, sir; not substantially.
The gentleman says there was a mistake in the
service of the subpena. The witness refused
on the ground that he was not properly served.
He was properly served, but there was a mis-
take between him and the officer serving him.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to; and
the witness was accordingly discharged without
the payments of costs.
HECUSANT WITNESS—FLOKANCE SOANNELL.
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms
will now present the other witness at the bar
of the .House.
The Sergeajit-at-Arms accordingly presented
Floranee Soannell.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I offer for
adoption the following l-esolution ; and on it I
demand the previous question.
llcsolved, That Florence Soannell, arrested hy, and
in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms of this House
for refusal to answer questions put to him on alleged
Now Y ork election frauds, he, and is discharged from
custody ou payment of costs of arrest.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest whether the gentle-
man would not be willing to let this witness
off without payment of costs. I understand he
refused to answer merely because it would
criminate a leading Republican in the city of
New York. [Laughter.] If that is the ease
I hope he will be let off.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have no choice or anxiety as to what the House
shall do with the case of this witness. I suppose
that this is the usual and proper course, and I
think it is due to the dignity of thi3 House
that at least the punishment proposed by this
resolution should be visited upon the witness.
In New York, as it is conceded on all hands,
he refused to answer questions put to him by
the committee. He now appears under arrest
and has answered the questions put to him,
but he did not answer until he was put under
arrest, and until, as he alleges, he had the con-
sent of the person involved in the inquiry in
New York that he might answer before the
committee. I think underthese circumstances
it is due to the dignity of the House to at least
require him to pay the costs of his arrest. I
yield to my colleague on the committee.
Mr. KERR. I think this resolution ought
to be passed without the words "on payment
of costs." I will not state what this witness
has testified to, but I assume this to be true,
that the contempt committed by this witness
is a technical contempt against the law of the
land, and does not involve any of those grave
circumstances that go to make up the ordinary
offense that is involved in that word. The wit-
ness is a poor man; he has been brought here
on the process of this House. If he is now
discharged with the payment of costs he will
be compelled to get himself home the best way
he can. He will not be paid for his services
as a witness here. He will have been practi-
cally punished without having to pay the costs
of his arrest and bringing here. I submit,
therefore, without saying anything about the
evidence or about his answers, their sufficiency
or insufficiency, that it is due to the House that
he should be simply discharged. I therefore
move, with the permission of the chairman of
the committee, to strike out the words "on
payment of costs of his arrest."
'the SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio allow the amendment to be offered?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to taking the sense of the House on the
proposition: I hare no anxiety about it except
what I consider essential to vindicate the dig-
nity of the House. I yield to my colleague on
the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Mr, -Speaker, the state of
the-case" seems to be this: the House is called
upon to say in advance, to put upon their
record this statement, that whenever in an in-
vestigation a witness is called before a com-
mittee and he states in answer to what is deemed
by the committee a material question that Tie
catmot answer it without the leave of some one
else, he may be permitted to go. It is a public
proclamation to all witnesses that they = can
shield themselves from answering material
questions on the ground that they have not the
consent of other persons to answer those ques-
tions. I hold that a witness can refuse to an-
swer a question upon one ground and upon one
only, and that is that it will criminate himself,
and in the present condition of the statutes of
the United States he cannot excuse himself
even on that ground. I do not know that there
is anything else pertaining to this case than this
simple statement. The witness was brought
before the committee in New York and a ques-
tion was put to him which he declined to an-
swer without getting the consent of another
person. He is brought here, and he states that
lie has obtained that consent, and now he is
willing to answer. If the person had refused
to give consent why then he would have re-
fused to answer. It is asked by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] that he be let go
under these circumstances. It seems to me
that if we do that it is not worth while to pur-
sue the investigation any further.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I yield for a
moment to my colleague on the committee from
Indiana.
Mr. KERR. I do not understand it to be
the fact that this witness, when on the stand
in New York, refused to disclose the name of
this person because he had not the consent of
the person, but rather because he himself did
not want to disclose or betray that name. He
considered the man whose name was asked
for to be a friend. He did, however, disclose
then all of the facts to which he has now tes-
tified. He withheld none of the facts that were
material to this investigation so far as the com-
mittee knows, but he did withhold that name.
Now, it seems to me that that does not quite
come up to the measure of the case supposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] who says that the witness cannot be
the judge himself as to whether he shall dis-
close the name or not. I agree that he cannot
and ought not to be allowed to. He has not
assumed it in this case. He has assumed that
he could not answer a certain question, but he
has answered all questions as to the facts con-
nected with that name except the name itself.
I think, therefore, that my motion ought to pre-
vail.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In reply to the
remark of my colleague, I think from Illinois,
[Mr. Ross,] or perhaps my colleague from
Indiana, [Mr. Keiir,] that this witness^ is a
poor man, I have only to say that there is no
evidence of that. I do not understand that it
is quite the fact. I know that he was a mem-
ber of the common council of the city of New
York in the year 1868.
Mr. KERR. How do you know that ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am so in-
formed by a person who knows.
Mr. KERR. By whom? By the witness'
own testimony? If that is to be brought in
here I demand it all.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. No, sir ; I have
not referred to his testimony. It is notorious.
I suppose we can take judicial notice of who
are the officers of a great city. Our courts are
bound to takenotice of it. I have not referred
to any testimony.
Mr. KERR. That is a novel proposition of
law that the courts take judicial notice who are
municipal officers all over this country!
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
