IH32
February;
tlie popular branch of the Government, inhos-
tility to the measure and the requisite two
thirds cannot be obtained in that body to
secure its passage.
Mr. President, if that were true it ia a con-
clusive reason why the majority here ought not
to pass it. Instead of being an argument in
favor of its passage it is a reason why every
Senator should yote against it. Our Consti-
tution requires that before it shall be changed
by the action of Congress two thirds of each
branch shall concur. The presumption is
that each branch reflects the popular will; the
Senate reflecting the wiil of the States, and
the House the will of the people; and that
before the Constitution shall be changed at all
two thirds of the people shall desire it. -Now,
the argument is that two thirds^of the people
at the last expression of their will—that is, at
the election—declared against this measure,
and elected members of the popular branch
against it; and that to prevent the action of
that popular will, its legitimate and constitu-
tional force, we must pass it no w ; take advan-
tage of the people when the accident of a two-
thirds majority in the two branches gives the
power to do it. So much for that argument.
The Senator from New Jersey now s.eems
very happy in the contemplation of the fact,
as he ascertains it to be, that there will not be
a third of the members of the next House of
Representatives in hostility to the party in the
majority in the country. It was a happy sug-
gestion by the Senator from Kentucky that
the policy and practice of the party would
enable them to secure a two-thirds majority, if
they do not have it with the will of the people.
There is a will in each House, as was sug-
gested by him, above the will of the people ;
and that will goes upon the argument that was
.suggested by the Senators from Nevada and
New Jersey, that the will of the people may
come in after the 4th of March and prevent
the passage of such an amendment as this; and
so the practice of the party has been in Con-
gress to disregard the will of the people, as
expressed in the election, and turn members
out until they get the control of the body by a
two-thirds majority.
The Senator from Nevada said that, no two
Senators agree on any one proposition. That
was his expression. I do not suppose he desires
it to go so far as that. He expressed himself
more strongly, I .dare say, than he would de-
sire. I think there are some two Senators
who may possibly agree. But it is very clear
that there is no general sentiment in favor of
any one proposition in this body ; but the Sen-
ator from Nevada too strongly expressed that
thought, that in the Senate where we are con-
sidering this matter there is no settled con-
viction, 110 general opinion, upon the subject.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me, I intended to be understood that as to the
Republican Senators they did not agree upon
the precise phraseology to be adopted, but
upon the general proposition I suppose they
do agree.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator's explana-
tion, as I understand it, is that the disagree-
ment is in regard to phraseology. I never did
observe in any popular body a dead-look upon
the question of the use of words. Webster
furnishes a sufficient number to the majority in
power; so that upon the question of phrase-
ology they can certainly arrive at some general
opinion. The truth of the matter is, Mr. Pres-
ident, as expressed by the Senator from Nevada,
that there is no settled conviction in this body
on the subject; one Senator wants one thing
and another another thing; so that two thirds
of the body up to this time have not agreed
upon any proposition; and I say that the debate
to-day shows that two thirds of the Senators
are not in favor of this proposition.
Then, Mr. President, ought it to be adopted?
If this proposition does not heartily command
the judgment of a Senator ought it to be sup-
ported by him? My colleague expressed his
views on this subject about in this way: that
the amendment w$s not agreeable to him, and
he made a rasping criticism,upon the committee
of conference; he cttd not like it; it was not
f roper; the committee had not treated the
enate well; on the contrary, the committee
had treated the Senate very badly; but he
said he would rather take half a loaf thaa have
no bread. But, sir, it is not my colleague alone
who is to take the bread now. He is acting
for the people ; he is acting for the States ; and
I say that when you conje to the question of a
change of the form and fashion of our Govern-
ment it is not a question of half a loaf or a whole
loaf. It is a question of the right. The ques-
tion is, does this proposition command my
judgment and my conscience so that I can
fasten it on the people and the State I repre-
sent here?
The Senator from Massachusetts said that
he found it easier to take the second step after
taking the first step. That is not expressed in
such objectionable phraseology as my colleague
used, but still it is the same idea; and this idea
of half a loaf—'1 if you cannot get what is right
take something"we must have something,
we have started in this business and it will not
do to stop; we must have something, there-
fore if my judgment is not satisfied I will take
what I can get"—that whole idea is expressed
in the action of the Senate in referring this
grave and important question to & committee
of conference. Committees of conference are
not the proper tribunals and organs of this
body to which ought to be sent a constitutional
amendment.
I admit that in ordinary legislation on appro-
priation bills and other measures it is proper
when the two Houses cannot agree after a suf-
ficient effort to agree that the subject be sent
to a committee of conference to reconcile the
disagreement; but in my judgment that mode
of legislation ought not to be extended to a
proposition so important as an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States ; and in-
deed itis becoming, as between the two Houses,
in my opinion a great abuse in ordinary legis-
lation. Bills are passed in one House, then
the other House makes amendments, then the
whole is sent to a committee of conference
without that careful consideration in each case
of the difference, and that effort on the part
of the two Houses to reconcile the difference
that ought to be made, as I think, before it is
sent to a committee of conference. Bach com-
mittee of conference, it is understood, shall
give and shall take. If the House insists on
an appropriation that the Senate is not satisfied
with, and on the other hand the Senate insists
upon an appropriation that the House does not
agree to, the one shall give some that it may
take some. That is the fashion and the style
of a committee of conference, and very much
bad legislation is the result of it; and I am
not content when I see a proposed amendment
of our form of government referred to a com-
mittee of conference to become the subject,
not of judgment, not of conscience, but the
subject of contract, of compromise in that com-
mittee, and then that the result of that effort
should be brought back to each House and an
arbitrary votebe required without the possibility
of an amendment.
So far as I am concerned I repudiate the
whole doctrine that we can take a half loaf,
which expresses the idea that in the matter of
an amendment of the Constitution it is proper
to compromise, to adjust, to trade, if I may so
express it. It is not right. When an amend-
ment of the Constitution is made, that amend-
ment ought to command in all of its provisions
the judgments of two thirds of this body and
two thirds of the House. Everybody sees from
this debate—it is not covered up—we all know
that two thirds of this body do not agree to
this. My colleague is not satisfied with it.
The Senator from South Carolina is not satis-
fied with it. Yet each intimates that in the
way it is .fixed now, in the shape it has fallen
into, perhaps they will support it because they
cannot get what does command their judg-
ments; they will take something short of that,
an objectionable measure.
Now, Mr. President, I have but very little
to say about the measure itself, and the results
of this committee of conference more particu-
larly. The Senate, when they came to con-
sider the question of protecting the colored
man from legislation on the part of the States
which would exclude him from the enjoyment
of the franchise, thought it was right to protect
three other classes, the poor man, the man
who was born abroad, and the man of but lim-
ited education. Here is the amendment as it
passed the Senate:
No discrimination shall be made among citizens of
the United States in the exercise of the elective
franchise, or in the right to hold office in any State
on account of race, color, nativity, property, educa-
tion, or creed.
The Senate when it decided to protect the
colored man at the same time decided to pro-
tect the poor man from unjust legislation, the
man who was born in another country and had
become a citizen of our own, and the man
whose religion might be unpopular. There is
no occasion to protect the man whose religion
is popular. In these times that protects itself;
but the Senate thought it important to secure
the protection of these three classes of persons:
the poor man, the man whose religion Was un-
popular, and the man who was born abroad.
That there ought to be protection to the foreign-
born citizen was conceded by my colleague.
He said it might become important at some
future time of Know-Nothing excitement. This
class is not perhaps sufficiently numerous to
protect itself; therefore the Senate thought it
was right to protect it, and to say that no legis-
lation of the States hereafter shall take from
him the right to hold office or to vote; that no
State shall take from the poor man the right
to hold office or to vote; that no State shall
take from the man of religious creed which for
the time being may not be popular the right
to vote or to hold office. This was the position
of the Senate, in part conceded by the House,
and the committee of conference bring in their
report.
Now, the judgment and wish of the Senate
was clearly expressed,thatwhile you protect the
right to vote, you shall also protect the persons
in the right to hold office. That is abandoned
by the committee of conference. The com-
mittee of conference also abandon the protec-
tion of the poor man. How important it is to
protect him in his political rights and privileges
Senators can judge. In some States, I believe,
to-day the poor man is not allowed to partici-
pate in the enjoyment of political rights; a
property qualification is prescribed, and for,
that reason he is not allowed to hold office or
to vote. Ought the poor man to be protected?
Not, says the Senator from Nevada, if it shall
endanger in its progress through the Senate or
House the protection of the negro. Is it right
to protect in the Constitution of the United
States the religion of every man, and to declare
that it shall never be made a reason for dis-
franchisement or for denying the right to hold
office ? The Senator from N evada, the champ-
ion of this measure, concedes that it is right,
provided it does not embarrass the negro meas-
ure in its passage through the two Houses.
Thus we have the result of the committee of
conference before us. Now, Mr. President, I
think that the legislation upon a proposed con-
stitutional amendment should go on in the two
Houses until they do agree; and if they cannot
agree that no proposition should be adopted.
That is the Constitution upon the subject. The
resort to committees of conference has- gone
very much further than ever was allowed or is
now tolerated in the British Parliament. Ih
the British Parliament the committee of con-
ference does not make a report upon which
the houses must vote without modification or
amendment; itis a committee of consultation, '
a comparison of views* and each committee
goes back to its respective house and reports
the result of its consultation, and hy .consulta-
tion it is sought to arrive at a common j«dg-
