1869.
THE CONQliES&IONAL ■C&QB&
■.km
Johnson, la,te a private in the United States
Navy, from three dollars and fifty cents to eight
dollars per month, and that he be paid at that
rate, to commence on the 1st of July, 1868,
and it directs the Secretary of the Interior to
have it so entered in the Department, to be
subject, in'all respects, to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws passed in rela-
tion to soldiers of the late war to put down the
rebellion, known as the war of 1801.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
edmund w. wandell.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I movethattlieSenate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1919.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
Ii. No. 1910) granting a pension'to Edmund
W. Wandell was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The preamble to the bill recites
that Edmund W. Wandell entered as a private
in company I, first regiment Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, in the war with Mexico, and served to
the close of that war in 1848, when he received
an honorable discharge; that owing to disease
contracted in the service his name in the year
1854 was placed upon the pension-roll at the
rate of eight dollars per month ; that in Novem-
ber, 1862, he raised a company and was com-
missioned as captain of company G of the
one hundred and forty-third regiment of Penn-
sylvania volunteers, in the war of 1861; that
on the 7th of November, 1863. he was honor-
ably discharged for disability contracted in the
Mexican war, and on application his pension
was restored, but only from February, 1868,
instead of from date of his discharge. The
bill therefore proposesto make the sixth section
of the act of Congress entitled "An act relating
to pensions," approved July 27, 1868, appli-
cable to his case.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
kafllarine dreyer,.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I movethatthe Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1920.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
B. No. 1920) granting a pension to Katharine
Dreyer, widow of Sylvester Dreyer, deceased,
late private of company H of the tenth regi-
ment of Minnesota volunteers, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. Under the
provisions of the pension laws of the United
States the Secretary of the Interior is required
by the bill to place upon the pension-ioll the
name of Katharine Dreyer, widow of Sylvester
Dreyer, deceased, late a private in company
H of the tenth regiment of Minnesota volun-
teers, who died at Alton, Illinois, on the 18th
of November, 1864, leaving surviving a widow
and issue, two children, to wit: William, born
November 1859_, and Augustus, born June 16,
1862, and she is to be paid a pension during
her widowhood at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the 18th of Novem-
ber, 1864, beside the sum allowed for minor
children of deceased soldiers under the age of
sixteen years under existing laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
catharine 0. conners.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1.921.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
Hi. No. 1921) granting a pension to Catharine
O. Conners, widow of Timothy Conners, de-
ceased, late private company C of the thirty-
third regiment Massachusetts volunteers, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill requires the_ Secretary of the Interior,
ander the provisions of the pension laws of
the United States, to place upon the pension-
roll the name of Catharine O. Conners, widow
of Timothy Conners, deceased, lateaprivate in
company C. of the thirty-third regispenf, of
Massachusetts volunteers, who died on th'e
of November, 1864, leaving surviving a widow
and issue, four,children, to wit; Susan,iom
November 3, 1850; Margaret, bom March 17,
1853 ; Mary, born July 4, 1855 ; and Timothy,
born January 1, 1859 ; and she is to be paid a
pension during her widowhood at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to begin on the 8th of
November, 1864, beside the sura allowed lor
minor children under the age of sixteen years
under existing laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
mary j. iictton.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1922.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1922) granting a pension to Mary J.
Hutton, widow of John C. Hutton, deceased,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
ferior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Mary J. Hutton, widow of
John C. Hutton, deceased, who enlisted as a
private in company K, third regiment of Del-
aware volunteers, and was afterward detailed
as hospital steward, and died on the 10th of
December, I860, leaving surviving a widow
and issue, under the age of sixteen years, three
children, to wit: Mary A., born December 21,
1854: Eveline, born April 21, 1856 ; and Hat-
tie Iiutton, born September 3, 1860; and she
is to be paid during her widowhood the sum
of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the 10th of December, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed
elizabeth radigan.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1923. _
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
Pb. No. 1923) granting a pension to Elizabeth
Radigan, widow of John Radigan, deceased,
who was a private in company A of the forty-
ninth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Elizabeth Radigan, widow of John
Eadigan, who was a veteran sergeant in com-
pany A of the forty ninth regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, and died leaving surviving a
widow and issue, one child, to wit: a son,
named Henry E. Radigan, born November 18,
1860 ; and to pay her during her widowhood a
pension, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence on the 1st of July, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
john a. parker.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1924.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1924) granting a pension to John A.
Parker, a soldier in the war of 1861, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
Secretary of the Interior is directed by the
bill to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pensionlaws,
the name of John A. Parker, late a private in
company K, fifth regiment of Kansas cavalry
volunteers, who had his left arm shattered in
battle so as to render amputation necessary,
and he is to be paid during his natural life,
out of the pension fund, the sum of fifteen dol-
lars per month, to commence on the 1st of
January, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
, ,-.£ .OLAEt8SA; K. GiiANT. _
. Mr. VAF WINKL3S. 1-mow thrttbe8«M-
ate proceed to the consideration of Hoosebilt
No. 1925. .
The motion was agreed to; jaw^-rtie bill <H.
R. No. 1925) granting a pension to Clarissa Bu
Grant was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll,subject to the pre-
visions and limitations of the gensionia-ars, tie
name, of Clarissa K. Grant, widow of William
H. Grant, latea, ornate iti company K, 'of the
fifth regiment .of iljaine' volunteer infantry,
commencing October 12, 1861.
Tlie bill was reported to t£ie'Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third tiroe, $iBd
ann smith.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that tfie Sea-
ate proceed to the corisideration of House bill
No. 1936. .
The motion was agreed to.; and the bill (H.
R. 1926) granting a pension to Ann Smith, n&a
considered as in. Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension lawa, the, name
of Ann Smith, widow.of Simeon Smith, late
private in company D, fifty-eighth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, commeneing.July 24,
1868. .
The bill was reported to, the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third-time, aad
HARRIET M. MILLS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1927.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1927) granting a pension to Harriet M.
Mills, widow of Samael J. Mills, deceased, late
a private in company F, of second regiment.
Connecticut volunteers, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. 11. proposes indirect
the Secretary of the Interior-to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Harriet
M. Mills, widow of Samael J. Mills, deceased,
who was a private in company F, of the second
regimen t Connecticut volunteers, and she is to
be paid, during her widowhood. out of the pen-
sion fund, the sum of.eight dollars per month,
to commence on the 5th of September, 1861,
the date of her husband's death.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
JULIET E.HALL.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1929.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1929) granting a pension to Juliet B.
Hall was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Juliet E. Hall, widow of William
Hall, late a colonel of the eleventh regiment
of Iowa infantry, commencing Augast 1, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
JACOB HDGGINS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Souse bill
No. 1931. _ ' _ _
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(H. R. No. 1931) granting a pension to Jacob
Huggins was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It' proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject*to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Jacob Hug-
gins, late a private in company A, of the ninth
regiment of Pennsylvania volunteer cavalry*
and pay him a pension, commencing May 29,
is«G:
