886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
provide colleges for the benefit of agricultural
and mechanic arts, approved July 2, 1802, as
amended by act of July 23, 18G6, to the States
lately in rebellion y which was read'a first and
second time.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the joint resolu-.
tion be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the joint resolution was referred ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid <5n the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
' COOLIE TRADE.
: The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 644, to amend an act entitled
"An act to prohibit the coolie trade by Ameri-
can citizens in American vessels," approved
February 19, 1862; which was read a first and
' second time.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I move that
the bill be pat upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
provisions of the act entitled " An act to pro-
hibit thie coolie trade by American citizens in
American vessels,approved February 19,1802,"
shall ba extended so as to include and embrace
the inhabitants on the coast of Japan or of any
other oriental country, in the same manner ana
to the same extent as such act and its provisions
apply to the inhibitants of the coast of China.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, Mr. Speaker,
during the Thirty-Sixth Congress I was charged
by the Committee of Commerce with the duty
of examining into the coolie trade, as it was
then called, between this country and China.
Tn the course of th«t exnmination it became
necessary to call in the aid of several persons
and to consult many documents. From these
it was apparent that the coolie trade, as then
carried on under contract,'was becoming a sort
of slave trade, with the most odious features of
that traffic. I submitted from the Committee
on Commerce an elaborate report, and a bill
was passed by the House and afterward by the
Senate prohibiting the coolie trade between
China and this country in American vessels.
The effect of that hill was to put an immediate
stop to that trade and to prevent the transport-
ation in American vessels ofany coolies under
contract, to become in fact slaves. It becomes
necessary to extend the benefits of that bill to
Japan and other oriental countries. For that
purpose the Senate have sent us the bill which
has just been read. It prohibits the traffic in
coolies from Japan and other oriental coun-
tries. I do not see how it can be objected to,
and I hope that it will bo put immediately upon
its passage.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for a question?
Mr. ELIO I', of Massachusetts. Certainly,
for a question.
Mr BROOKS. I do not recollect the pro-
vision ot the old China coolie bill, and I wislt
to ask the gentleman whether the opening of
the trade with China and Japan which has
recently taken place does not make some modi
fication of that law necessary? I wish to know
whether this bill in any way interferes with the
steam intercourse which has sprung up with
China and Japan ?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I do not think
it will at. all interfere with that intercourse.
Mr. BROOKS. There is an immense emi-
gration from those countries, a large propor-
tion of which is provided for in these steamers.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether there is anything
in the bill interfering with a voluntary emi-
gration of Chinese laborers to California?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. It merely
extends the provisions of the act of 1862. 1
demand the previous question.
1 he previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a thifd
reading; and it was read the third
time, and passed.
- Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts*, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table. ;
The latter motion was agreed to.
The hour of half-past four having arrived,
the House took a recess until half-past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING- SESSION,
The House reassembled, pursuantto order, at
half-past seven o'clock p. m., as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, on the
President's message of 1867, Mr. Colloji in
the'ehair.
FINANCES.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Chairman, more than a year
ago I took occasion to say " there was no mis-
taking the fact that the great and difficult ques-
tion f'ortheconsiderationofCongressia finance.
How to raise the money necessary to meet the
expenses of the Government, and the interest
on the public debt, with the least burden to
business and labor, and how to lay taxation
equally and justly. It is to-day still the great
problem, and seems no nearer a solution than
it did then. Among all our doctors their is but
little diversity of opinion that specie payment
is desirable, that our debts must be paid, that-
the burden of taxation must be made light as
possible, and as equal as circumstances will
admit, and so-laid as not to paralyze the pro-
ductive industry of the country. But with
this all unity of opinion ends, and the reme-
dies are as varied and numerous as the doc-
tors. They are like Ethan Spike on the Maine
liquor law, entirely in favor of the law but
utterly opposed to the measures needed for
its enforcement. Arid while all talk in favor
of speedy resumption of specie payment, there
are but lew who do not shrink from the meas-
ures necessary to enforce it. It has become
fashionable for most financial doctors to begin
with a tirade against our legal-tender notes, fol-
lowing the Secretary of the Treasury in brand-
ing them as "a dishonored and disreputable
Currency." They did ns good service when
specie forsook us, and are deserving of better
treatment than the unbridled abuse they are
getting. They paid our soldiers and sailors,
and secured them and their fatniles food and
clothing after specie deserted the country and
left us for destruction; and I would as soon
abuse the soldier who stood by the country and
fought the issue through to victory as the green-
buck legal tender which came to our aid and
his relief when specie left for Canada, follow-
ing or preceding oi her deserters from the Army
and the draft. The Secretary of the Treasury
thus arraigns and charges them :
"They increased immensely the cost if the w*ir,
and they have added laruely to the expenses of the
Government since the restoration of poace."
J had always been ploddingalongignorantly
in the belief that it was the rebels and their
allies and sympathisers who made the war
expensive, by rendering success doubtful for a
time ; by destroying to aconsiderahle extent the
credit of the Government; making enlistments
difficult, bounties heavy; causing vast amounts
to be expended in the destructive enginery of
war, and which would have crushed out our
nationality if we had not resorted to the legal
tender to furnish the means t,o maintain our
cause in the trial hour. And I have all along
supposed it was the present Administration
which added largely to the expenses of the
Government since the strife on the battle-field
ended, by keeping so many unnecessary offi-
cers; buying icebergs and tornadoes; letting
thieves steal the revenues at New York, New
Orleans, and elsewhere; encouraging rebels,
and making a large army necessary to protect
Union men in the South. If the Secretary and
his brother heads of Departments will stop
waste, practice economy, and collect the reve-
nue, there will be Letter government credit
and less occasion to blame greenbacks.
The Secretary and all who follow in his wake,
arguitfg in the interest df mon«y against labdrj
have become exceedingly fond of quoting from
Webster, as follows:
" Of Mil the contrivances fo- cheating the 1 iborinjc
classes of mankind none bus been more etf\;uiu il
than that wliioh deludes them with paper money."
Webster, T believe, never hud a great n>pa
tation as a financier, and was ktniwn Hinonjj
that class much as Nasby Was at the Comer*
by his many original autographs, while tlio
country managed to get along quite (success-
fully in constant opposition to all liis iheoi-ies.
The history of all civilized nations shows that
paper money instead of being a plieat and a
delusion to the laborer has been the means of
giving him more labor and a greater return for
it than he obtains, in any country where it is
not. an element in the circulation, and that
where the proportion of paper to specie is
smallest there labor receives the poorest reward.
Take the two most advanced nations in Eu-
rope, France and Great Britain, and compare
them with our own country. France has in
circulation as currency, according to Commis-
sioner Wells's report, $446,000,000 of specie
and $252,000,000 of bank notes, or about one
dollar and eighty cents in specie to one dollar
in paper. In Great Britain there is $267,000,000
in specie and $196,000,000 in paper, or about
one dollar and twenty-five cents in specie to one
dollar in paper. In the United States in 1800
there were $109,000,000 in specie and $207,-
000,000 in paper, reversing the condition of
the currency in. Great Britain and France and
having almost two dollars in paper to one in
specie.
The wages oflabor in the United States, reck-
oned by the comforts and necessaries which it
purchased, was greatly in excess of what, it
received in either France or England ; and I
think the wages of labor in Great Britain are
as much in excess of what it receives in France
as the proportion' of paper to specie in Great
Britain is greater than in France.
The Secretary and all other denouncers of
paper currency quote Webster again, when he
says:
"Ordinary tyranny, oppressive tnxntion—these
bear lightly on the hiippiness of the mass of the rom-
anunity compared with afraudulent.eurreney and the
lobberieacoinuiiUed b> depreciated paper. Ouroivn
history has recorded for our instrue'ion enough and
more than enough of the demoralizing tendencv, the
injustice, and the intolerable oppression on the virtu-
ous and well disposed, of a degraded paper cui-renoy
authorized or in any way countenanced by the Gov-
ernment."
It used to be said of Webster, by the De-
mocracy. that lie advocated the doctrine that
it was the duty of the Government, to take care
of the rich and of the rich to take care of the
poor. The object for which this quotation is
made is to make the rich richer and the poor
poorer, without making provision anywhere
for taking care of them. We have bad just
such a currency for the last seven years as is
here denounced, and none other; yetwhat ere
the facts patent to the observation of every
one? Are they not these? That ill the whole
history of the Government there has been no
seven years of continuous and uninterrupted
prosperity in all that section of country over
which the wager of battle was not fought as
the last sevcti, no period when the whole peo-
ple were so uninterruptedly active and em-
ployed, when the laboring population received
so much compensation for their labor an^ the
noteshaver and Shyloek so little; when the
credits and losses of trade were so few and
the profits so great; when the poor man and
his family were so well fed and clothed and
had so many comforts; when improvement of
land and of buildings were so general and uni-
versal and when so many elegant comforts were
brought into the dwellings of all classes; when
so many debts were paid and so few contracted,
as during the Jast seven years since specie
ceased to be a circulating medium as currency,
and the_ greenback legal tender was created
to take its place: since specie has not been
known as currency, but has become as much
an article of merchandise as pork or beef, corn
or cotton, wheat or tobacco.
Yet, I would not pmiantl tfr&t it has been a
