THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 2ft,
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
1082.-.' l ' '' .. ' "
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (EL
R. No. 19G2) granting a pension to William
McDonald was considered as. in Committee of
tbe Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of thus Interior t® place on tbe pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws,the name of William McDonald,
lfcte a private in company E, first regiment of
Michigan cavalry, commencing November 17,
1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read tire third time, and
IMILY II. GARDNER.
Mr. VAN" WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1368.
Tbe motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
E. No. 1963) granting a pension to Emily H.
(srardner was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary
of tbe Interior to place on the pension-roll,
gabject.to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Emily H. Gardner,
widow of William H. Gardner, late a contract
surgeon, and to pay her a pension at the rate
of seventeen dollars per month, commencing
July 17, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
JACOB S. BAKER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1971.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1971) granting a pension to Jacob S.
Baker was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Jacob S. Baker, of
Marion county, Illinois, formerly a private in
company I, fourth regiment Indiana volunteers,
in the war with Mexico, to receive a pension
from the approval of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR EXPENSES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Sumner, Frelinghuysex, and Whtte
the further committee of conference on tbe
part of the Senate on the bill (E. R. No. 1570)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1870.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of tbe report of
the committee of conference on the constitu-
tional amendment.
The motion was agreed to. ■
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to appeal to
the Senator from Nevada to allow me to pass
a small bill that I have been trying to bring
before the Senate for a week past.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to pass three
or four bills.
Mr. DRAKE. I want to pass one.
Mr. POMEROY. When this evening was
set apart for pension bills I thought it was
understood that I should have a part of the
evening for business from the Committee on
Public Lands.
* The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
\ of the committee of conference on the joint
, \jesolution (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Hesdiuuks] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Indi-
ara will consent, I desire to submit a question
to the Chair before he begins. "
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. With the consent of the
Senator from Indiana I desire to submit a
question of order. I discussed to some extent
this morning the question, but did not make
any point of order, because I wanted to satisfy
myself further that it was really a question of
order. I thought in the morning' during this
discussion that the point might be reached
without making it a question of order, but the
question of order I now submit is iu these
words:
The conference committee appointed to confer
and report upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the joint resolution of the Senate No.
8, have reported upon the agreeing votes as weil as
the disagreeing, in that they strike out the words ' to
hold office/ which was not submitted to them.
The point of order which I make is that the
committee to whom was referred the disagree-
ing votes have reported upon the agreeing
votes, and they were words not essential to
that portion of the amendment that the House
receded from ; in that they have made to the
Senate a report upon what was not committed,
and heuee under the rules of the Senate it
cannot be received. I do not care to argue
the point.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall not fool away
an hour now on a question of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care to argue
the point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a question of order
that must be decided by the Chair without
debate.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Kansas whether he in-
tends to impale the rights of man upon a point
of order?
The PRESIDENT protempore. There is no
debate allowed on this subject. We are ad-
monished by the rules that committees of con-
ference are only to settle such matters as the
two Houses of Congress have not agreed upon,
but I do not think it is such a question of
order that the court can direct a non-suit on.
[Laughter.] It appears to me to be so con-
nected with the ease that it must be submitted
to the judgment of the Senate, and the Chair
could hardly rule out the report under such
circumstances.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care to appeal
from the court in this matter, but I want (he
pointof ordernoted in the proceedings because
no case of this kind has gone unchallenged,
and the Senate invariably, where the text of a
bill has been interfered with by a conference
report, has required it to be passed by a
unanimous vote.
Mr. STEWART. I simply want it noted
that the point of order is more false in fact
than in theory.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Sen-
ator appeals from the decision of the Chair
that is one thing. It is debatable then, but not
without.
Mr. CONNESS. There is
["Question!" "Question!"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is entitled to the floor on the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I shall
not occupy the attention of the Senate longer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference; and as it takes two thirds
to decide that question the roll must be called.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not intend to trespass
on the time Of the Senate, but I wish to say
one word. I have already stated my views on
this subject generally; but the amendment as
it is now presented entirely ignores tbe great
principle of human rights. There is nothing
protective in this amendment except in regard
to color, race, or previous condition of slavery.
The principle of the Declaration of Independ-
ence is entirely ignored. It is not an amend-
ment that gives manhood suffrage at all. That
part of the subject I do not wish to say anything
about; I have already expressed my views.
no appeal.
The right of suffrage is a greater right than thd
right of holding office for this reason: thg
principle laid down in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence is that Governments derive their jnst
powers from the consent of the governed. Of
course the right to hold office must be an infe-
rior right to that of voting, because it is not
supposed that men who have tbe right to con'
sent to the Government are going to consent
to a Government which would debar them from
the right to hold office.
Again, I think the Constitution as it stands
at present would guaranty to each citizen of
the United States the right to hold office if
he were elected. I do not doubt on that point
myself. A proposition is made here to incor-
porate this principle in the Constitution, and
an amendment lias been made to it which
takes out the principle from this amendment,
thus placing a construction upon the Consti-
tution which denies the right of the citizen to
hold office. Now, if this amendment is made
to the Constitution as it stands it will<3eny to
those citizens specified in the amendment the
right to hold office. That is the clear anil
inevitable construction of it. That of course
defeats the rights which the citizen holds under
the Constitution as it stands at the present
time.
Mr. POMEROY. In order that I may vote
intelligently I want to ask the Chair a ques-
tion. When this vote is taken, if the Senate
do not concur in the report of the committee
of conference, will it be in order for me to
move that the Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to tbe House amendments to our resolu-
tion and agree to the same? If we vote to
disagree and non-concur with this report of
the committee, or if the motion to concur be
not carried by a two-thirds vote, then I want
to ask theXIhair whether it will be in order for
me to mo* to recede from our disagreement
with the House and agree to the House amend-
ments to our resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
anticipating a difficulty that may be a real one
| when it occurs; but it has not yet arisen.
Mr. POMEROY. An answer to the ques-
tion will help me in voting. T do not know
how to vote until I know the decision of the
Chair on that point.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose the gentleman
knows all about parliamentary law and he
does not want any instruction. We are not
going to turn the Senate into a school to in-
struct the Senator from Kansas in parliament-
ary law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. My im-
pression is that if the Senate refuses to concur
that is a disagreement to the report, on which
a further conference may then be asked. I do
! not think anything further can be done.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair holds then
that a motion  
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a question of
order,'sir. There can be no question such as
the Senator raises put to the Senate. The
Chair has ordeied the roll to be called. The
question raised by the Senator is predicated
upon what may transpire hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. Very true.
The question has not arisen.
Mr. POMEROY. I was asking the question
for the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. Itisawrong time for that.
Let us vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I am to judge myself
whether it is the wrong time or the right time.
Mr. CONNESS. i rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There can-
not be more thau one question of order at e,
time.
Mr. POMEROY. I was not suggesting any
question of order. I was asking the Chair
whether I could at a given time make a motion
and have it in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. You can
make the motion; but the question would be
whether it would be in order when it was made?
The opinion of the Chair n®w is, unadvised,
