1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2$,
amount of business that is yet remaining to be
done, those of us who are in favor of accepting
ttfe best that we can obtain will proceed to vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I am in-
clined to support this amendment for two
reasons, because in its present form it is not
liable to the objection which constrained me to
vote against the proposition which first passed
the Senate, and because I apprehend that if
recommitted to a committee of conference,
either to the one which reported it or to a new
'one, it would come back to us burdened with
other conditions which would make it much
le'ss acceptable.
I believe in negro suffrage. I voted for it
when the question was submitted to the people
of the State which I have the honor in part to
represent and in which it happily prevails.
Not holding to such liberal views as some of
the Senators on the question of suffrage, believ-
ing that it is not a natural right but a right
derived from society and properly under the
control of society, I do not think that color is
one of its just limitations.
I felt no hesitation in supporting the recon-
struction measures which required that the col-
ored population should be consulted in the fram-
ing of the fundamental compact. There was no
legal government in the insurrectionary States
except military government. Both Houses of
Congress had declared that those States were
not entitled to be represented in Congress until
they should form governments in harmony with
the Constitution of the United States and ac-
knowledging its authority, and till Congress
should recognize such governments. When
Congress came to inquire if the new govern-
ments were republican in form it was bound
to examine the popular basis on which they
rested; and it was right and convenient for
Congress to state in advance what evidence it
would accept as conclusive on that point. In
this way it came that negro suffrage was the
result of a rebellion undertaken to extend and
perpetuate the enslavement of the negro race.
I apprehend that there is no possible danger of
their losing the rights which have thus been
conferred upon them. The ballot has been
given to them, and cannot be taken from them
without their own consent. To doubt their
ability to keep it is to doubt the wisdom of con-
ferring it upon them.
But I confess a great reluctance to changes
in the fundamental law. The amendment of
the Constitution is one of the gravest matters
which the instrument itself devolves upon Con-
gress and upon the States. The guards which
the fathers threw around it, the cautious and
conservative provisions with which they pro-
tected it the respect which they showed for the
rights of the minorities, all admonish us that if
we would administer it in the spirit in which it
was framed we should approach the subject of
amendment deliberately, with ample time for
consultation here, with opportunities for full
and frank consultation by the States and by the
people j that we should take no advantage of
accidental majorities, but should secure to every
proposition of amendment the fair and consid-
erate judgment of the authorities to which the
Constitution has confided the matter. But it
seems plain that Congress has determined to
submitto the States some proposition of amend-
ment of the Constitution on the subject of suf-
frage ; and this is the form of all those in which
it has been presented, except the amendmentof
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] that
strikes me as least objectionable. In voting for it
I vote merely topresent it to the States for their
constitutional action, to ask the judgment of the
States upon it, and 1 by no means thereby sur-
render my right of judgment upon its ratifica-
tion when the discussion shall come up in the
State with whose high commission I am hon-
ored in this Chamber.
I did not happen to be in my seat when the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
alluded to the suffrage of Rhode Island. I had
gone to the House of -Representatives to con- |
suit with my colleague, .the chairman of the i
Committee on Printing on the part of the
House, upon a matter that had been committed
to the joint committee. I do not deem it in-
cumbent upon me to make any defense of our
right to make our own regulations for our own
State. They suit us; I am sorry they do not
please others; but they were not made for the
people of Massachusetts, they were made for
us, and whether right or wrong they suit us,
and we intend to hold them ; and we shall not
ratify any amendment to the Constitution of
the United States that contravenes them, and
we have the satisfaction of knowing that with-
out our State the necessary number of twenty-
eight States cannot be obtained for the ratifi-
cation of any amendment whatever until new
elections take place. What opportunity there
will then be for it other Senators can judge as
well as I.
Mr. WILSON. "Little Rhody:' takes the
responsibility.
Mr. ANTHONY. She takes the responsibility
of managing her own affairs in her own way, and
she takes the responsibility of exercising her
constitutional rig"ht, which in this Chamber and'
upon this subject is equal to the constitutional
right of any other State in the Union. If ihat
is a mistake it was a mistake which the fathers
made, and the advantage of which we are not
disposed to surrender. But if we fail to satisfy
our friends in Massachusetts in our manage-
ment of our internal affairs it must be a consola-
tion to them that in the early colonial period
they robbed our State of so large a part of the
territory that rightfully belongs to us, thereby
rescuing so much from the principles of soul
liberty professed by Roger Williams and trans-
ferring it to the protection of those principles
which drove him from the borders of Massa-
chusetts and illustrated their practical opera-
tion in the proceedings against the Salem
witchcraft.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask my honorable
friend from Rhode Island one question. Does
my honorable friend believe that it is right and
proper that the State constitution and the State
government of Rhode Island or Kentucky
should be altered by the two Houses of Con-
gress in direct opposition to the principles and
wishes of those States respectively?
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose that Congress
has a right to submit this amendment to the j
States, and it is proper that it should be submit- j
ted in that form which is least objectionable. I
vote to recede from that amendment which the
House put upon our proposition, which makes
it more objectionable to me. That is my vote.
Mr. DAV IS. My honorable friend has not
answered my question. My question is, is it
right >and proper that the two Houses of Con-
gress shall change the constitution and the gov-
ernment either of the State of Rhode Island or
the State of Kentucky in opposition to the
wishes and the will of their people?
Mr. ANTHONY. As that is a private mat- j
ter between my friend from Kentucky and my- !
self I will answer that question when the vote !
has been taken. [Laughter.] j
Mr. DAVIS. That is sufficient, sir. [Laugh- I
ter.]"'
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I suppose
now of course the vote is to be taken upon this
amendment. I do not expect to say anything
that will affect or change the vote of any mem-
ber of the Senate ; but I think it due to those
members of the body who are opposed to this
proposition, and I think it due to the country,
that it should be made known that this propo-
sition now at last when it comes to be passed
does not receive the sanction in fact of two
thirds of the Senate. I think it legitimate and
proper that the country should know that Sen-
ators rise here in their places and say that they
do not approve of this proposition, say that
they do not think for themselves and for their
States that it ought to be passed, and yet from
some pressure or for some purpose they vote
for it and they submit it to the States for their
ratification or their rejection.
Sir, if 1 were a Senator from one of the re-
cently reconstructed States, as they are denom-
inated here, and believed as those Senators d(K
that the right to vote implied the right {o be \
voted for, I would not vote for a proposition /
to amend the Constitution that did not inelud&/
the right to hold office as well as the right to?
vote; but many of these Senators, while they!
think the proposition ought to go that far, -and!
while they hesitate and are reluctant as theyS
tell you, after having voted for a proposition /
like this, to go back to their constituents, not/
having urged the right to hold office as well,!
yet they are prepared to vote for this propo-y
sition. The Senator from Rhode Island [JjJEft
Anthony] a few moments since explained why
he might vote for this proposition ; and what
was his reason ? Why, sir, because it does not
run counter to the sentiments of thepeopleof
Rhode Island, because it does not trench upon
the opinions of the people of Rhode Island
upon the question of suffrage, he is willing to
vote for it. If it interfered with their senti-
ments he would not support it we may infer
from the fact that he voted against the propo-
sition the other day.
So, sir, I want the country to know that the
Senate of the United States agree to this re-
port of a committee of conference on this sub-
ject where a two-thirds vote is required by the
Constitution to submit it to the several States,
when in point of fact two thirds of them do not
approve of it and do not believe in it. The
Senator from Rhode Island says that this is
merely a proposal submitted to the States, and
after that he reserves to himself the right to
approve of it or not in his capacity as a citizen
of the State of Rhode Island. The Constitu-
tion provides that "whenever two thirds of
both Houses shall deem it necessary" they
shall propose amendments to the Constitution.
Now, sir, I submit that in the exercise of this
power of amendment under the Constitution
every Senator when he votes for this proposi-
tion in his place says to his constituents and to
the country that he believes in his heart and
m'his conscience that the amendment is neces-
sary ; that he believes that it subserves the
interests of the General Government; that he
believes in the discharge of his duties as a Sen-
ator that it is necessary that this amendment
should by made, and thus believing he proposes
to submit it to the States for their adoption or
rejection.
So, Mr. President, it is not allowable for a
Senator, in my judgment, to say that this is a
proposition which the States may or may not
adopt as they please. There is a higher, there
is another responsibility, and that is that each
Senator when he votes for this says in the dis-
charge of his duties as a Senator that he be-
lieves it is necessary that this amendment to
the Constitution should be made, and he says
to the States that he believes they ought to
adopt it.
But, Mr. President. I merely rose, as I said
at the outset, for the purpose of calling the
attention of the Senate, and, so far as I might,
the attention of the country to the fact that
this proposition, while it does not receive in
point of fact the approval of two thirds of the
Senate, is yet to be passed and submitted to
the Stal.es; and this fact, as I said, is ap-
parent from the expression of Senators upon
the subject, from the views of Senators on the
amendments that have been pending, and from
the fact that they defeated the other day a prop-
osition almost identical with this. If I have
succeeded in calling the attention of the Senate
and of the country to this fact I have done all
that I care to do. This amendment is to pass,
I have no doubt; it is to be submitted to the
States. Party appliances, party machinery,
and party discipline are to be brought to bear
on the Legislatures now in existence in the
several States to adopt it. It may be adopted,
but when it is thus adopted by the States, and
twenty-seven States compel all the thirty-six
to accept this as their rule of suffrage -In all
their elections, from that day, in my judgmeStj
you may date the downfall, the destruction- of
