THE. eOx^GBlSSIO^AL'. &LOB1.
February ..4,
3. The .wen who sell- their gold incomes at
a forty-per-ceht. profit. In a uniform decline
of values the premium ou.gold would decline
no more than all other commodities, and hence
its purchasing power would not be in the least
diminished. II has become, a maxim that
"labor is the first thing to fall and the last
thing to rise." The fall in the laborer's wages
won Id precede the decline in the gold pre-
mium—would be greater and longer contin-
ued 5 hence possessors of gold incomes would
be interested in favor of specie payments and
not against it.
4. Speculators who expect to make fortunes
by fluctuations'. All values having become
adjusted to the present volume of. currency,
fluctuations caused by currency can only come
by increasing or diminishing it. The specula-
tor's harvest would begin with contraction. It
is his particular province to study the effect
of ali changes; and by this knowledge, gained
from all available channels, he would have
every possible advantage over the manufac-
turers and producers of wealth in estimating
the decline of values and upon what it would
fall first and the .extent of it. His interests
are with the speedy resumptionist.
£>. Those in debt—whether States, counties,
towas, or individuals—are interested against it,
without some preceding adjustments. Specie
payments within any time named would rapidly
diminish the value of all productions while
practically increasing all taxes; would add to
the creditors capital and to the debtors debts,
except in the case of Governments bonds, and
in that case it depends upon circumstances.
The interest on the bond is not affected. If
the bond may be paid in legal tenders, then it
adds one quarter part to the debt to be paid,
by diminishing to that extent the value of the
property which is to pay it. If it is to be paid
m specie, then it makes no difference. But
when you come to the holder of currency debt
and currency interest, it adds to it more than
one quarter part, and at the same time takes
from the payers of the debt and interest more
than one quarter part of their ability to pay.
Tho war debt of the State of Now Hampshire 011 tbo
1st dny of June, 1808, was $ 3,487,411 87
Tho town debts for same  7,828,287 71
Total war debt 111,313,679 68
To pay this debt in specie would add to the
purchasing power of the creditor's notes more
than one quarter part, while diminishing the
ability of most of the tax-payers to meet them
in the same ratio. It would be equivalent to
adding $2,858,419 92 to the amount to be raised
by the tax-payers of New Hampshire for the
payment of their war debt. If it is not paid,
then theyearly interest, which ranges from six
to eight per cent., is not less than $800,000,
and raised to a gold value would he equivalent
to an increased annual tax of $200,000 upon
the people of the State, or an addition to the
present annual tax of sixty-two cents for every
man, woman, and child in the State. And
what is true of State and town debts and their
interest is true of the debts of every individual.
Surely it cannot be for the interests of the peo-
ple of New Hampshire to contract to specie
payments until this debt is extinguished or
the principal and interest very much reduced.
Immediate resumption, by the following show-
ing of the Treasurer of the United States, is
impossible. He says :
, "Your proposition to repeal the legal-tender act
instantor is simply the enactment of a law to compel
the immediate resumption of specie payment on the
part of the Government, the banks, and tho people.
4fe the poorer sections of the country prepared for
this! Think of it. The Government has of its own
ovor five hundred and fifty million dollars of out-
standing liabilities that are over due. It is the in-
aorser of the whole issue of the circulating notes of
a11 the national banks, amounting to $300,000,000
more. Then, bear in mind that these banks owe their
depositors some six hundred and fifty million more.
H ere you have an aggregate of $1,600,000,000 of debt
immediately due and payable in coin, for which the
Government would have to stand the brant. The
Government has, say. 188,000,OOOmgoldhutsvauUs,
or about fire and one half per cent, of this indebted-
ness.
"Few banks could stand such a state of things in
their present conditkm-.for a single day, and the in-
evitable resultwould be that the banks, the business
men, and'the credit of the government would go to
perdition together.
" However desirable the return to specie payment
may be, we should make haste to accomplish, it
slowly."
To set a time for resumption, say after one
year or two years, would have all the evils of
immediate resumption aggravated by delay.
Who would build a house or a mill or a fur-
nace or develop a mine or make any improve-
ment or produce any manufactured article ex-
cept when obliged to, during the year 1869 if
it should be decided to resume specie payment
at the beginning of 1870? He would be sure
that the purchasing and building power ,of his
greenbacks would be increased twenty-five per
cent, by a year's delay, and keeping, them in
his pocket with a like certain prospect that
whatever he exchanged them for would, de-
cline twenty-five per cent. Of course that fact
would end all business beyond what necessity
required.
Many who declaim of the evils of a paper
currency fall into the mistake that it performs
its functions in some different way from what
specie would, and that all business is necessa-
rily speculative which is founded on anything
but specie for a circulation. Whatever passes
in the community as an exchange of values
becomes its currency, and the amount of it the
measure of all transferable values. If it is
abundant prices rule high; if it is scarce prices
will be low. Speculation is always rife in ac-
tive and enterprising communities, whether the
amount of the currency is great or small; and
when the amount is fixed there will be as much
speculation in one case as in the other, because
the relative values of property and currency
are the same to each other. Whenever the cur-
rency is increased or diminished unfixing val-
ues, then speculation is most active. When
currency is increasing, the active and enter-
prising poor man who can obtain credit enters
the arena and secures a part of the rise and
profit. When it is diminishing, the holders of
credits and cash mainly reap the profits, wliile
the debtor suffers the loss, because enterprise
stops and business and labor stagnates.
With a steady currency, whether the volume
be great or small, an over production of any
article without demand sends down the value,
and the currency equalizes itself by a*rise in
some other product until it is ^11 absorbed.
When specie ceases to be a measurer of values
as currency, and becomes an article of mer-
chandise, it no longer affects values except as
it is exchanged for foreign merchandise, at
high or low rales, and then only as cotton or
wheat would affect them.
The learned member from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] last summer showed us how the premium
on gold had doubled the cost of flour to the
laboring man and all his other necessaries;
and I have heard others indulge in expressions
of great sorrow at the hardness of the laborers'
lot, growing out of gold premiums.
Facts are said to be stubborn things in the
way of a man's arguments and theories. If
I am not at fault in ray recollection, in 1862,
when gold had forsaken us as currency and had
become merchandise with high premiums, pork
was selling in the West at from two to three
cents per pound, and in New England from
five to six. Some friends of mine from an
adjoining town went West and bought immense
quantities of pork which they held for a rise,
and great quantities of corn which they cribbed
on the line of the Illinois Central railroad,
costing them ten cents, and sometimes less,
per bushel. One of them told me he could
buy a two-horse load of corn such- as western
farmers could haul over their muddy roads, for
two dollars on the cob. Flour was likewise
cheap. Subsequently corn and pork went up in
price, while flour remained low. In 186Sall wool
rose in value, but coarse wool rose until it
brought more in the market than fine wool.
This led to a great increase in sheep, aud the
wool crop was increased to such an extent that
the price kept declining while gold ruled high,
and with a heavy tariff laid to protect it,it went
down to the price.bgfore the war. At one time
woolen goods were manufactured with such
profit that from fifty to one hundred per cent,
dividends were made by manufacturers. This
caused -sueh an increase Of wool and woolen
machinery that notwithstanding a high gold
premium woolen goods went down to very low
figures. The article of shoes, when the pre-
mium on gold went down from 280 to 125 and
up again to 150, was affected but very .little in
price. Flour was very much lower, I think
fully fifty per cent., lower in currency, when
gold was 285 than it was last summer when
the gentleman made -his speech, with gold at
140._ And since1 lhp,t time wheat and flour
.'have gone down in price at the points of pro-
duction uiore than twenty-five per cent, while
gold has, fallen less than five per dent, We
have also seen cotton go down from sixty cents
per pound to thirteen and up again above
thirty, then down to twenty-two and up again,
without much change in the premium on gold.
I think I have said enough on this point to
show that when specie becomes an article of
merchandise it has but little to do with the
value of other merchandise. Tinkering with
the currency, suddenly increasing or dimin-
ishing its amount, most seriousJy affects all
values and business, and the less we have of
it the better. The Secretary of the Treasury
describes its effects as follows :
"Business is necessarily speculative, because the
basis is unreliable. Currency, by reason .of its un-
certain future value, though usually plentiful in
oities and readily obtained there at low rates oa
short time with ample collaterals, is comparatively
scarce and dear in the agricultural districts where
longer loans on commercial paper are required. Pru-
dent men hesitate both to lend or to borrow, lor any
considerable period by reason of their inability to
determine the value of the medium in which the
loans are to be paid. With currency worth'seventy
cents'on the dollar, and which within .six monthB
may advance to eighty ordeolineto sixty, is itstrango
that the flow is to the business centers where it can
be loaned on ea.ll, leaving the interior without proper
supplies atreasonable ratesfor moving theerops and
conducting other legitimate business ? Is it strange
that in such an unsettled condition of tile currency
gambling is activewhile enterprise halts, trade stag-
nates. and that distrust and apprehension exist m
regard to the future?"
If this is the evil of uncertainty, why aggra-
vate it aud make the currency more uncertain
by a contraction which would stop business,
stop the employment of labor, make the rich
richer and the poor poorer, and add to the
already heavy burden of taxation? The inevit-
able result of idle labor seeking- employment
would be by competition to bring down the
price paid for all labor. Unemployed labor
caunot consume products which pay internal
revenue taxes or make purchases of foreign
goods which pay gold revenue< With unem-
ployed labor would come individual suffering
and privation, loss production, iess consump-
tion, less importation, a decline of internal
taxes, and a decline in gold revenue. How,
then, is the gold interest on the public debt to
be paid, to say nothing of the principal? What
would your bonds then bo worth to get-the gold
to pay interest with and keep up specie pay-
ments? What new objects of taxation would you
resort to to supply the deficiency of revenues
and_ prevent further debt for such purposes ?
And who is anxious with open eye«. to pro-
duce such a result? There are buttwo speedy
ways to specie payment. One is by a tariff
sufficient to increase our home productions and
stop the demand for gold to exchange for for-
eign goods, and a reduction of the gold interest
either by a new loan at low rates or a t?x on
the present bonds to offset the reduced gold rev-
enue, conpled with a limited low interest bond,
convertible and reconvertible when needed,
to absorb the surplus currency, as values are
reduced by competition and increased supplies.
The other way is by such a contraction of the
currency as destroys the purchasing power of
the people abroad, and . their ability to pay
taxes or interest at home. Then gold would
flow here to pay for property sold by compul-
sion at starvation prices. But what would
become of your Government revenues in the
mean time?
