1869.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL . GLOBE.
off®
To talk of resumption is worse than idle
while foreign goods can beimported atapfofit
and we have not a sufficient amount of surplus
products to exchange for them. Specie will
bear a premium just as long as it is cheaper to
buy for payments abroad than the productions
of our soil or our manufactures. Then let us
stop fooling about currency and longing for
gold, as the Hebrews did for the golden calf of
Aaron, and keep at work producing wealth,
and we shall much sooner and easier find our-
selves ont of debt. ' The Government, like the
individual, can ©lily get out of debt; by pro-
ducing wore wealth than it consumes, keeping
its expenses below its revenues. We are now
accustomed to the present volume of currency ;
all our affairs are adjusted to to it. Why dis-
turb them to run after gold and ruin ? The
rise and fall of gold premiums does not affect
business while gold is an article of merchant
dise any more than the rise and fall of corn and
cotton. It has had no part in the measure
of values as currency for the last seveu years,
and will have none until it ceases to be an
article of merchandise dependent, upon its
value by the demand for exports like our other
productions which depend for price upon the
foreign market. By keeping all our labor em-
ployed we shall gradually produce a surplus of
products which will carry down prices until
they will bear shipment abroad ; and when
surplus enough is produced to meet our import-
ations there will be no trouble about resum-
ing specie payments.
The increase of business and population
operates as agradual contractor, and a limited
convertible and reeonvertible bond would ab-
sorb the surplus circulation as prices were
reduced and less was needed. Then the pro-
duct of our mines and the wealth which immi-
-grants bring with them will meet our foreign
interest and reduce our foreign debt, as will
also our continually increasing articles for ex-
port. A judicious tariff will aid us ; reduced
rates of interest will aid us ; a banking system,
freed from monopoly and allowed to go where
business calls for it, and based upon a low
interest bond, will aid us; increased production
will aid us; but abusive denunciation of the
best paper.curreney the people ever had will
not aid us.
PUBLIC DEBT AND FINANCE.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, the financial problem presented to the
American people for solution is, perhaps, the
most difficult one that has presented itself
since the organization of our Government,
and for the reason that in no previous period
in its history have the people of the United
States been burdened with a public debt of
near three thousand million dollars, which
stands to-day as a first mortgage on the entire
property of the nation, and for the final and
ultimate payment of which the honor and faith
of the nation stands pledged. I have, how-
ever, sir, the most complete -confidence in the
integrity and honesty of the American people
and believe that in no case orundetno circum-
stances will they ever consent to tarnish their
honor by either repudiating in total or in part
any portion of the national indebtedness which
was made to save the life of the nation, and to
maintain the integrity of the Constitution of
our fathers, a Constitution, sir, which guaran-
ties to every American citizen, native or nat-
uralized, the equal protection of the law, and
which, I trust, sir, shall be transmitted to com-
ing generations in all its vitality as the beacon-
light, the bright scintillations of which shall go
out for ages to come. I am not vain enough
to suppose that I can furnislxa panacea for our
financial difficulties, or aid to any considera-
ble extent -the solution of this difficult prob-
lem. B-ut, standing here, as I do, the Repre-
sentative of one hundred and twenty thousand
of the citizens of. my awn State and district, I
claim the right on their behalf and for them to
say that, in the language of one of our most
distinguished statesmen; "lire;or.die, siak ox
swim:, survive or perish,", the bcmor ami faith
o'f tlie nation in the payment of her obligations
shall be maintained.
Sir, it may not be improper here, before pro-,
ceeding to the discussion in detail of the sub-,
ject under consideration, to propound the in-
quiry, and, if possible, to answer it, Why is it
that to-day we find our national indebtedness,
approximating three thousand million dol-
lars, weighing as a mighty incubus upon the
toiling millions of the land, and standing as a
first Mortgage on the entire property of a con-
tinent? History furnishes the answer, and to
it I appeal for the vindication of what I shall
say. In 1860 the Democratic party was the-
dominant party of the country 5. they had held
possession of the Government for near a period
of forty years, with but two interregnums, dur-
ing which time they had grown fat upon the
spoils of office, and corrupt in'the manage-
ment of all the Departments of the Govern-
ment. And thus situated, and foreseeing the
scepter of power about to be transferred to a
new and progressive party, they inaugurated a
rebellion for the overthrow of oureivil institu-
tions ; made war upon the Constitution 5 they
seized our national forts, arsenals, custom-
houses, mints, and other property of the United
States; they raised and equipped armies whose
thundering eolumbiads were heard at the gates
of our national capital, foreshadowing with des-
perate certainty the conflict to come. In
November, 1860, the people at the ballot-box
hurled this corrupt and treasonable party from
power; and on the 4th of March, 1861, Abra-
ham Lincoln was placed in the chair of State,
and took the oath to protect and defend the
Constitution of our country. In what condi-
tion, sir, did he find the Government when he
came into power ? Did the dove of peace still
brood over our fair inheritance, and was the
nation prosperous and. happy? Nay, verily;
six Democratic States were in- open rebellion
against the constitutional authority of the
.United States, with a confederate president
and a confederate congress. Hostile armies
were on the march over the tomb of Washing-
ton. The vaults of a bankrupt Treasury were
thrown open, where the spider only was re-
posing on his gossamer couch, and the Govern-
ment §90,000,000 in debt. This, sir, was the
legacy left to the incoming administration.
What was our duty under these circum-
stances? Were we to surrender the Govern-
ment into the hands of its enemies and divide
this great land that God had given us, or was it
our duty to defend the Constitution and maintain
the uuity and integrity of the Republic? Sir,
the loyal people of this land, when the call wag
made for seventy-five thousand men, answered
for themselves when they responded, three
hundred thousand strong, to defend the national
Constitution ; and, after four years of terrible
and desolating wjtr,victory crowned the success
of the loyal armies of the Republic, and trea-
son and Democracy were consigned to one
common and ignoble grave ; and in November,
1868, we have inscribed upon its tombstone,
"no resurrection." This debt, then, sir, is a
Democratic debt, made to put down a Dem-
ocratic rebellion, and is chargeable, principal
and interest, to this defunct and treasonable
party who expired in bankruptcy, and now
sleeps the sleep that knows no waking, and at
whose funeral obsequies, in November last, a
majority of three hundred thousand people of
this land could join in the exclamation of
Paul when he beheld in his weary march the
three taverns; they thanked God and took
courage.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to inquire further
who it was that came forward to the aid of the
Government in furnishing the money to pay
the soldier and carry on the war and build your
Navy? Was it these Democrats who profess
such profound veneration now for the Consti-
tution? I think not, sir. I am warranted in
saying that during the first year of the war these
admirers of the Constitution declared Ehe bonds
wec$.woi;tlilessa,udlhe successfulpraaseiftiG&of
the war a failure. And it was not until the vieta1,
rious armies of Grant, Shenman, Sheridan, and
Thomas were encircling with, the anaconda's
coil the army of -Lee and Johnston that they
had confidence in our national securities.and.
acknowledged our ability to maintain the unity
and integrity of the Republic. . And now,, sir,
peace having been restored to the country by
the prowess of our arms and a vast debt, ap-
palling to the timid, to be provided for in its
payment, what notes of discord do we hear
from the few remaining members of that party
proclaiming from' the Halls of our national
Legislature repudiation. Such sentiments
come to us clothed with apparent official an*
thority by the Chief-Executive of the.nation in
his last message to Congress. The nation will
rest easy, however, when they-reflect .that after
the 4th of March next the place thatnow knows
him will know him no more forever. But, if I
am not mistaken, sentiments similar to this
have been lately promulgated from the Senate
of the United States by a distinguished Senator
from Kentucky. Sir, I claim that the natioa
is solvent: I am aware of the fact sir, that
$5,000,000,000 of property of the United States
was destroyed by the march of our armies
of two million men during the war; but still
we are rich; rich in everything that constitmtea
a nation great, rich in energy, rich m the rapid
development of our agricultural and mineral
resources, and with recuperative powers be-
yond the conception of man.
Mr. Chairman, could you stand to-day upon
some elevated position, and were you suffi-
ciently comprehensive in vision to survey at a
glance our vast empire, washed by the waves
of two oceans, aud stretching out to embrace
the islands of the seas in heronward march of
empire and civilization, you could see our
great cities, our multiplied farms, our colleges,
our churohes and institutions of learning fiou-
ishing, and our inland seas whitened by the sails
of our increasing commerce. You would readily
come to the conclusion that we as a nation are
not bankrupt. Sir, we are rich; we have over
forty thousand miles of railroads, where the iron
horses with nerves of steel and lungs of brass
are competing in the race to transmit from the
prairies of the West her millions of agricultural
productions to your eastern metropolis. And
soon, sir, the two great oceans of the land will
join their iron hands in commercial fellowship,
spanning the continent as God's bow of promise
spans the heavens. Sir, we are rich. Ninety
thousand miles of telegraph checker the conti-
nent and tunnel the ocean, and man holds fel-
lowship with man at the distance of three thou-
sand miles, and exults at the onward march of
our expanding empire. Sir, vie we not bank-
rupt, we are rich.
Sir, look out, if you may, on our gold-fields
of the Pacific coast, and see the great mount-
ains whose granite hills God has fermented
with gold, and from whose pulverized rocks
the hardy miner digs out $100,000,000 of gold
per year to add to our national wealth and to
aid m the work of resumption of specie pay-
ments, and then tell me, sir, are we as a
nation bankrupti No, sir; I answer, we are
rich. Why, sir, hundreds of thousands of the
laboring millions of Europe annually come to
our shores to seek protection under our Ameri-
can Constitution who people the vast plains
of the West, making the wilderness and soli-
tary places glad by the development of her
virgin soil, and under the toiling hand of in-
dustry the golden harvests come forth as a
rewai-d of honest toil. Before a decade shall
pass such will be its magic on the minds of
these violators of public faith that she will
appear to them fair as the moon, bright as the
Sun, and terrible as an army with banners.
Sir, we are rich.
Mr. Chairman, having thus briefly presented
some general facts showing our ability as a
nation to sustain our credit and our honor, I
sbail now proceed to discuss the question
more intimately connected with our finances
sind the duty that we owe to the country.
