1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ®Qffi
38ttt
the rights of the States, and from that clay you
may date the consolidation, the centralization,
of power in the Federal Government, and you
-may date the despotism of Congress.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I desire to
say only a word. I want respectfully but earn-
estly to enter my humble protest against the
character of this amendment. While I shall
probably vote for it in the shape it is, I shall
do it rather in deference to the judgment of
older and wiser men than myself than in ac-
^ cordance with nay own deliberate judgment.
| I do not feel that it is worth our while to
I change the organic law of the country, to
V amend it for the protection of a single class,
janless at least we protect that one class com-
/pletely and entirely. I have no doubt that if
/ Mississippi or Texas or Virginia were to come
here with a constitution containing these -exact
words which we now propose to put into
the Constitution of the United States she
would not be admitted by this Senate. After
the example of Georgia I do not believe that
this Senate and this Congress would accept
from one of these States a constitution contain-
er ing these identical words upon the question of
( suffrage and the rights of the colored people.
I believe that this proposition is a narrow and
illogical one, and one that is unworthy of the
grand opportunity that is presented to us. In
my own humble judgment, I believe it is the
duty of the hour to put into the Constitution
a grand affirmative proposition which shall
protect every citizen of this Republic iu the
enjoyment of political power. Not only do I
believe that that is right and just, and the
duty of the hour and the opportunity, but I
believe it is the wisest thing we can do. I
believe as a party measure the strongest prop-
osition that could go before the country would
be one to protect all classes of men, white as
well as black, in the exercise of the rights
which all citizens legitimately should carry
with them.
So much I think it my duty to say in regard
to the character of this amendment. Nor am
I,satisfied that it is the best provision we could
get. .My own judgment is that if the Senate
were to stand firmly upon a broader proposi-
tion it would be adopted and go to the people,
and would be adopted by the States. A propo-
sition broader than this has been adopted by
both Houses; we have also adopted a nar-
rower one, and yet we have refused to adopt
this one intermediate between the two. The
other evening when I moved to concur in the
House amendments to our resolution the Sen-
ate very promptly laid the whole matter on
the table. I think we might yet reach a prop-
osition which should at least protect one class
perfectly in the enjoyment of their legal rights,
if it were not broad enough to reach all classes
of citizens in this country.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I suppose
this report will be concurred in ; but 1 pre-
sume it will require a two-thirds vote to carry
it. I simply wish to say before the vote is
taken that my understanding of the proposi-
tion as it now stands is that it decides by an
amendment to the Constitution that the Consti-
tution does not guaranty to all citizens of the
United States the right to hold office. I un-
derstand it to be simply the assertion of that
principle, which has been maintained in a
number of the States, and that it sanctions
and sanctifies the action of the Georgia Legis-
lature which has kept out two Senators from
this body during the present session; and
that we arrive at this principle through the
action of a gambling committee, which after
the Senate and House of Representatives had
adopted a more liberal and much better prin-
ciple, shuffled the cards over again and gave
us a new deal that will satisfy a certain num-
ber of gentlemen. The effect of it is to exclude
from office a large number of the citizens of
the southern States merely to gratify a preju-
dice that -exists in certain of the northern
States who wish to heap heavy burdens upon
the shoulders o*f other men that they will not
touch with their own fingers.
Tin; PEKSIDi'iNTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the eom-
Tarttee; and on this question the yeas and nays
mast bs called.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 39, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Gonness, Crasin, Drake, Ferry, Fessenr-
den, Frehngbuysen,Harlan, Harris, HowardJEEowe,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,Osb'orn, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Ramsey. Rice, Robertson, Sher-
man, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—39. ' -
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckajew, Davis. Dixon,
Doolittle, Fowler, Hendricks, MeCreery, Norton.
Patterson ofTennessee, Pool.Vidkers, and Whyte—13.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Corbett,
Edmunds, Grimes, Henderson, Pomeroy, Ross.
'Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, and
Yates—14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 39, and the nays are 13.
Two thirds of the Senators present having
voted in the affirmative, the report is agreed to.
Mr. Williams obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
I ask the Chair what the number of votes was
announced to be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
were 39, and the nays were 13; being two
thirds.
— Mr. DAVIS. The question of order that I
make is that the decision of this question has
not been announced by the Chair according to
the Constitution. The Chair has announced
that the proposition has received the vote of
two thirds of the Senate, and therefore that it
has passed. I controvert that fact. There are
now thirty-seven States in the Union. They
are entitled to seventy-four members of the
Senate.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator will allow
me to correct him. The Chair did not make
the announcement that the honorable Senator
says he did. He said it received two thirds of
the votes of all the members present. That
was the announcement by the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. The Chair announced that the
proposition had passed.
Mr. HOWARD. The Chair announced that
the Senate had concurred in the report.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely want to state my
point of order. I do not intend to cqiBsume
any time upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
desires the Senator to understand what the
Chair said in the announcement of the vote.
It was that two thirds of the Senators present
had voted in the affirmative. That is the way
in which it was announced by the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. But then the conclusion
was  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That the
report was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. That is just as I understood it.
Now, the conclusion does not follow the vote
which the Chair announced, because the Senate
consists of seventy-four members, and to con-
stitute two thirds of the Senate a vote of fifty
is necessary. My point of order is, that when
a less number than two thirds of the Senate is
required by the Constitution for any purpose,
for instance to ratify a treaty or to confirm a
nomination, the Constitution expressly says that
it shall be two thirds of the members present.
In voting upon a proposition to amend the
Constitution, the Constitution does not limit
the number of two thirds by reciting that it is
two thirds of the members.present. Here is
the language of the Constitution :
" Tbo Congress,whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary," &c.
Now, if Senators will look to that part of the
Constitution which regulates the ratification of
treaties by the Senate, or the confirmation of
nominations to office by the President, they
will perceive that the Constitution declares
expressly that the two thirds meant to effect
those purposes are two thirds of the members
present. In relation to this impori.'xni matter
of amending the Constitution therais.no such
restricted definition of two thirds; but the Con- i;
sttttrticm in broad language presides that1
grass; whenever two thirds of both- HonMs eh«41
deem;it necessary," &e., ahall propese amend-
ments of the Constitution. Now, th&anestion
is, whatis two thirds of both HouSes? What is
two thirds -of the"Senate t Chuckle-heads-may
laugh: interlopersmay laugh ; but theproposi-
tion that I make is technically, logical^ and
-constitutionally true. .; ;
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise toa.poiBtof order.
I "believe I was recognized by the Chair. The
Senator frefm Kentucky rase to a point >af
order; and he is makinganextended argument;
and I think I am entitled ta proceed with my
^business. I have no objection to his .'stating
the point of order; but proceeding: to-an ex-
tended argument after I am on the floor and
recognized by the Chair, it seems to me is not
in order. - .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Questions
of order, by our rules, are not debatable.
Mr. DAVIS.. I did not intend to interfere
with the Tights of the honorable Senator from
Oregon. . • •
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was willing to give a
reasonable time for the statement of .the point
of order. - •
Mr. DAVIS. Weil, sir, I will yield -to his
resumption of his right. I think* I haYe satis-
fied my State that the two thirds required "by
the Constitution to propose amendments to that
instrument, from the annunciation of the vote
of the Senate, has not been obtained in favor
of this proposition. -. - . . , '
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Oregon allow me on this questiqa to call the
attention-of the Presiding Officer to the lan-
guage of the Constitution in another article.
The article of the Constitution controlling this
question speaks of-two thirds of the Senate.
The Presiding Officer will observe in article
one, section three, paragraph six, on the subject
of' impeachment, that it is provided that the
Senate shall try the impeachm&nt, " and no
person shall be convicted without the concur-
rence of two thirds of the members present."
In one case the Constitution- speaks of two
thirds of the members present deciding the
question, and in the other ease the bill must
have two thirds of the body." I wish also to
call the attention of the Chair to the provision
for the ratification of treaties. ;
Mr. HOWARD. While the Senator is look-
ing at the Constitution, 1 wish to know what
the question is before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A question
of order is raised.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I submit, that it is
not in order to debate it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion of order is raised thai the vote was not
carried because there'were' not two thirds of
the entire Senate in the affirmative, but only
two thirds of the members present.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the. decision of
the Chair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, if he de-
sires to look into the subject, to the second
section 
Mr. HOWARD. It is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Questions
of order are not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not desire to
debate it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has decided the question precisely as all these
propositions for amendments have been here-
tofore decided. The exception probably has
never been taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If-the Chair will indulge
me a moment, this very point was raised in
regard to a constitutional amendment some
years.ago, and the Senate decided by a vote,
almost unanimously, that two'thirds of the
Senators present were sufficient' to carry a con-
stitutional amendment. I think that the Pre-
siding Officer upon reflection will recollect it.
It was the constitutional amendment that was
proposed before .the war. I myself made the
point for the purpose of having it decided,
