im2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
«ndit was decided, I think by a nearly unani-
mous vote, that two thirds of the Senators pres-
ent, «, quorum being present, was sufficient to
carry a constitutional amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Illinois if that vote did not show two
thirds of the Senators of the States then rep-
resented in Congress?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. The constitu-
tional amendment to which I refer was pro-
posed before the war, at the close of Mr. Bu-
chanan's administration, when Breckinridge
was the Presiding Officer of the Senate; and I
myself raise the question whether two thirds of
theSenate, there beingaquorum present, could
propose a constitutional amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whatwastheainendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment, which
passed, was one that perhaps is foreign to this
question, and the Senator from Vermont will
not want to hear it at this time. It was a
proposition to amend the Constitution so that
never hereafter should slavery be abolished;
and I am sorry to say it passed this body, not
by my vote, however, at that time.
Mr. POMEROY. That was before the flood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raised the question
then—the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Anthony] recollects it—for the very purpose
of having it decided.
Mr. ANTHONY. Irecollect that the Senator
raised the question, and I believe I asked him
why he raised it, and he said he did it to settle
the question that less than two thirds of ail
vhe Senators might propose a constitutional
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for a decision on
the question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe it
has been decided according to all the prece-
dents. The Senator from Oregon is entitled
to the floor.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. W1LLIAMS. I move to take up House
bill No. 1204. It will take but a minute to
pass it, I think.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1204) to confirm
certain private land claims in the State of Mis-
souri. It provides that the claims of the legal
representatives of Gabriel Cerre and Sophia
Bolaye, falling within the exterior boundaries
of the commons of Carondelet, the former en-
tered as No. 60, for four hundred arpens, and
the latter as No. 279, for one hundred and fifty
arpens, in the first class of decisions of the board
of land commissioners under the acts of Con-
gress approved 9th July, 1832, and 2d March,
1833, for the adjustment of private land claims
in Missouri, as recommended by the board,
(House Ex. Doc. 59, first session Twenty-
Fourth Congress, page 187, and Senate Doc.
16, same session, page 40,) which claims were
confirmed by the act of Congress'approved 4th
July, 1836, subject to location elsewhere than
in place in case of conflict, shall be confirmed
in place, subject to any valid adverse rights,
if such exist, and patents for the claims shall
bo issued accordingly.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, ar *
ocean mail steamships.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 186.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore Let it be
read by its title for information.
The Chief Clerk. A joint resolution (S.
No. 186) declaratory and amendatory of the act
entitled "An act to provide for an American
line of mail and immigrant passenger steam-
ships between New York and one or more
European ports," passed July 27, 1868.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very evident that that
resolution, on accountof its weight, will occupy
some time, and I have been trying to get the j
floor to pass one or two Houee bills which I do
not think will excite any debate, and I am quite
sure that that resolution will.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have kindly yielded to
such suggestions frequently before this, and
the result is that this resolution has been post-
poned until the session and the Congress have
almost expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. That proposition is so
important that I do not think it can be acted
upon to-night.
Mr. RAMSEY. I would yield any courtesy
in the world to the Senator from Ohio ; but
we are within four Or five days of the expira-
tion of the Congress, audhe cannot expect me
to yield now. I prefer to have a vote on my
motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
that I do not want any bill taken up to-night
which is likely to extend over to-morrow. The
Senate will remember that we have the Army
appropriation bill still unfinished.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Maine that the bills I propose to call np
are one in regard to bank returns, and another
in regard to certified checks ; and if they are
objected to I shall not be able to press them
to-night.
Mr. POMEROY. Those will have to be
debated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to call
up the Army appropriation bill, which is unfin-
ished, so that it shall be the order of the day
for to-morrow without being subjected to the
necessity of struggling for the floor after the
morning hour to-morrow. I wish to say now
that the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill has just passed the House
of Representatives, but not in season to reach
here until to-morrow at twelve o'clock—too
late, of course, for the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to morrow ; there-
fore it must go over until Monday. The Sen-
ate will perceive that they cannot afford to
allow any bill to step in ahead of the consid-
eration of the Army appropriation bill and the
Post Office appropriation bill which I desire
to bring up to-morrow. I hope, therefore, that
my friend from Minnesota will not bring up
any bill to-night that will be likely to be car-
ried over until to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. This resolution can be dis-
posed of in a very short time, and it might as
well be taken up and disposed of nowas at any
other time, I imagine. There will not be a day
from this to the close of the session that the
same kind of argument may not be used that
the Senator uses now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are at
least three bills on this subject, I believe ; one
from the Post Office Committee, one from the
Committee on Commerce, and I do not know
but another from the Committee on Finance.
It will be utterly impossible to have this joint
resolution considered to-night without a very
considerable debate. I hope, therefore, the
motion of the Senator from Minnesota will not
be agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the joint resolution men-
tioned by the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 15, noes 21.
ARMY APPROPRIATION EILL,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. I desire
to pass a little resolution, and I ask the Sen-
ator to allow the Army bill to be laid aside
informally, so that it will not lose its place, to
enable me to call up House resolution No. 211.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it can be laid
aside informally so that it will be the order
to-morrow I will consent to withdraw the
motion to adjourn, but not otherwise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Army
bill can be laid aside informally and oth6r bills
taken up if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
HENRY 8. GIBBONS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House resolution
No. 211.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the joint resolution (H. R. No.
211) for the relief of Henry S. Gibbons, late
postmaster at St. Johns, Michigan, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, to add the following proviso :
Provided, It shall be proven satisfactorily to the
Po.stmastei General that funds belonging to the Post
Office Department to the amount of $500 was stolen
by burglars, and that said Gibbons was not guilty
of neglect in the custody thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to this bill. There are two other cases
here just like this which were considered the
other evening, but the Secretary could not lav
his Hand upon the report, the reading of whicli
was called for. I am told by the chairman of
the tost Office Committee that the papers are
here now, and there will be no objection to
the amendment. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will make no objection to allowing
them to be considered together. I offer them
as an amendment. There is no impropriety in
it, for they are just such cases as th;s exactly,
and they may just as well go together as be
acted upon separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator offer an amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; I offer the
bill for the relief of Luther McNeal and Seth
M. Gates as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
allow this bill to pass, and then he can call up
the cases to which he refers, and I will help to
pass them if they are as good cases as this one.
ThePRESlDENT protempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, svliich
was to insert as additional sections the follow-
ing :
And be it further reeolved, That Luther McNeal
be paid the sum of S175 46 for money and postage
stamps belonging to the United States, and which
were stolen from the post office at the town of Lan-
caster, Brie county, New York, while he was post-
master, and which sum be h.is paid to the Govern-
ment on settlement with the P >st Office Department
as such postmaster, and th^t such sum be paid out
of the Post Office fund by the Postmaster General
upon the said McNeal making proof to his satisfac-
tion that said money and stamps were stolen without
any fault of said MeiSI eal.
And be it further resolved. That in the settlement
of the accounts of Seth M. Gntes,.postmaster at War-
saw. New York, with the Post Office Department,
the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to allow a credit to tbe said Seth M. Gates of
S726 73. the amount m value of postage btamps be-
longing to the United States stolen from the post
office on the 16th of July , 18G7, while the said Gates
was postmaster: Provided, That it shall satisfactorily
appear to the Postmaster General that tbe said Gates
was guilty of no negligence in the custody of the said
stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The amendments were ordered io be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading. The resolution was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the title was
amended so as to read "A joint resolution
for the relief of Henry S. Gibbons, Luther
McNeal, and Seth M. Gates."
GUARDIANS i'OR INDIAN CIIILDREN.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a joint resolution
giving authority of law to appoint guardians
for seven Indian children in my State so that
they may draw their pension. There is no law
at present allowing a guardian for an Indian
child. The father of these children served in
the war and was killed. They want their pen-
sion. I have a letter from the Second Auditor
