the mmms stomj- globe.
February 4,
ing' coupons on the gold interest-bearing bonds*
of the United States.
•vMr. Ch&irman, I believe that some well-di-
gestect plan for the resumption of specie pay-'
metits on the gradual basis as indicated in the
foregdirfg is both practical afrd essentially tte-
C4ssary,t6 'restore confidence-to the country,
and with the adoption of such "a system prop-
erly framed and guarded, I feel confident that
we, as a nation, shall start on the road to pros-
perity with tile full'confidence of success in the
final culmination of our fondest anticipations,
and with $e economy that Should characterize'
the legislation of Congress, aided by the Pres-
id'eht-elect-, and the rapid development of our'
resources by the "construction of our Pacific
railroads opening up the gold ttiines of Colo-
rado; Kevada, arid tH6 Pacific cda^t, and' the
new impetus given to 'emigration and to trade
and commerce throughout the whole-land, we
Aall demonstrate to the world that our repub-
lican Government has vindicated its perpetuity
by tlie prowess of our arms in the greatest-war
that ever confronted civil power, and main-
tained our creUit'and'honor with the nations
of the world,
' ' ' ' PTTBHC LANDS.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, I shall
address the few remarks which I make to-pigbt
upon the question of the propriety of the pas-
sage of a bill which is now pending before this'
House in relation to the disposition of the pub^
lie domain. X belieye as that question is de-
termined so will be the determination of the
other questions to a very great extent. In
ojther words, I believe a wise disposition of
the remaining public domain will go further
than all other measures proposed to recon-
struct our shattered Union, to bring us to spe-
cie payments, and to drive want and embar-
rassment from the whole land. That bill meets
my most cordial and hearty approbation, be-
cause it prohibits the further sale of the public
lauds by private entry or by public grant to
oorporations.
These lands are the heritage from a benign
Providence, whose appointment to the human
family is to earn their bread by the sweat of
tie brow. They were wrested by our fathers
from the grasp of monarchical usurpation only
to full by the force of ideas derived from the
practice of monarchies into the exclusive con-
trol of the States. Well, sir, would it now be
for ua, had these great fields of America never
been diverted from their only legitimate use,
("homes for the people,") to minister to the
lust for wealth and power? This great crime
of robbing the many of that property to which
they have a God-given title, sealed by the blood
of the .Revolution, has been punished by innu-
merable evils and afflictions brought upon the
country. Slavery and its horrid train, cul-
minating in the late rebellion, was nursed and
sustained and grown by the laws which re-
sulted in the appropriation of more than one
half of the'occupied domain of the Republic
to the dominion of less than one hundred thou-
sand proprietors. I have not the patience
to follow the thought of the better results that
must have followed a land system which would
have limited the ownership of lands to the sole
use of those who should live and improve upon
them in limited quantities in their own right. I
shall assert it as my belief that in place of the
painful past and the sorrowful present we should
present for admiration an entire continent oc-
cupied by intelligent freemen, clothed in their
right mind, and with no smell of the blood of
bondage and battle coming up to revolt our
senses and to disgrace our history.
Throughout the entire northern and western
portions of oar country the sales of the public
fends have entailed upo& the people the rela-
tions of debtor'and creditor. The occupant
bears upon his hidustiy the mortgage which
secures the sums exaftted-by' the capitalists as
the priee of his lands,' 'Hie tefcord of tlve finan-
cial embarrassments, the sacrifices, the mort-
gages, judgments, execxiaous, sales tod eject-
ments: tlie rain And wretchedness- of isHfems
conseqn'eht upon the sales of the public domain-1
to capitalists and the resale to settlers would
constitute a library of misery. I cannot but
contrast in my mind that better history which •
might have been made had the votaries' Of ■
mammoti-been interdicted from the traffic in
the public lands. They' now withhold from
occupancy, until exorbitant sums are obtained,
(five, ten, and even fifty times the cost of entry,)
almost the entire tillable and unoccupied lands
that are or have been in market—certainly all
of the choice or better character of the lands
in the West and the South that are within con-
venient reach of the emigrant. Individuals,
land companies, railroad and other corpora-
tions have held for years, and now hold, many
million acres from cultivation,-thus retarding
the' improvements of the country, creating'
great vacancies that result in sparse pop.ular"
tion too limited for social, educational, reli-
gious or Government institutions. The public
interests are vastly more damaged by these
results than can be compensated by the revenues
derived from the sales of the public lands.
They are but little, if any, beyond $2,000,000
per year. Isolated settlements consequent
upon land entries have imposed upon the nation
expenditures for their protection more millions
than' have been derived from all the sales of
the public domain.
Unsettled and uncultivated tracts of land,
however conveniently loeated to market arid
fertile, are almost entirely exempt from the
burdens- imposed upon the people to defend
and sustaia domestic and Govefnment institu-
tions. Their values, greatly enhanced above
original costs by the improvements of the
country, furnish no income for taxation and no
contribution of soldiers to battle for the gen-
eral interests. Like a fertile tract, now worth
fifty dollars per acre, in my own county, which
has for more than thirty years covered a large
space—and which has been, and for aught I
know-still is, theproperty ofaneminentLondon
banker, Mr. George Peabody, whose exploits in
amassing and donating his wealth gave him a
gold medal at the hands of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress—they sustain no settlers, furnish no
contribution to the consumers of duty-paying
goods. Schools and colleges and churches,
every philanthropic or public enterprise, look
in vain for aid to these waste reserves. Millions
of human beings may perish from want of that
bread that could be gathered here ; but the toil
and enterprise of others have not as yet ad-
vanced their value to a point to satisfy their
greedy owners. What though every quarter
section of these extensive areas would, if culti-
vated, average per year in products each a
passenger to our railroads, a citizen to society,
a car-load of bread and meat to business, a
tax-payer to the State, and a soldier to the Be-
public, these wastes remain until tenfold all
cost and taxes and interest are extorted from
the emigrant to enrich the capitalists who have
bought them from a republican Government.
I know, sir, that the law has provided, and
public opinion has sanctioned, the privilege of
buying the 'public lands, and the holding of
them without cultivation or improvement until
fortunes could be realized from the sale of
them to occupants. Many of us have directly
or indirectly engaged in a practice which,
although derived from the earliest period of
English and American history, and expressly
sanctioned by the long continued legal author-
ity of the laws upon our statute-book, has,
nevertheless, inflicted, and is still inflicting,
great wrongs and injuries to the people and to
the Government. Until a practice which endows
the few with dominion over the lands of the
country, and swells their fortunes and increases
the money power, is reformed, we may enact*
in vain to secure equality before the laws to
all our citizens. Liberty and freedom wfllhave
but a feeble and sickly existence, borrie-down-
by this incubus which derived its being from a
land of despotism. It will be found, sir, that
large landed possessions and*an aristocracy
are coincident. Whenever the domain has
had tame to yield its harvest-we shall gather*
the same fruits on this republican- field, unless
now, by the light of bitter experience, we
emancipate the heritage of the people, from the
trammels of wealth, and put upon the fertile
sections of our country the-tillers of the soil. In
rity humble opinion, Mr: Chairman, few laws
passed since the close of our late struggle with
the slave power have been more effectual in
strengthening our lately shattered Union than
that which -enabled the much respected and
esteemed chairman of the Land Committee to
state on this floor, at our last session, that
more than sixty thousand homesteads had been
made upon the' public lands of the South (of
limited size) since the passage of the freed-
raen's homestead law:
"Returns receive# by' Commissioner Wilson, of-
the OoneralLand Office, from the local office at Jaok-
son, Mississippi, show that during the month of De-
cember last one hundred and fiftyr6ight farms, em-
bracing twelve thousand'six hundred and sixty-three
acres, were added to the productive area of that
State under the operation of, the homeptead laws.
The Commissioner has also just received returns from
the local office at Washington, Arkansas, showing
that during the month of December last fifty-seven
farms, embracing nine thousand one hundred and
seventy-three aores, were added to the productive
area of that State under the operation of the home-
stead laws."
I need not refer to the full pages of history
to prdve-that this army of men will fight and
vote for a Government that gave them their
homes. Not the lfe'ast of the evils incident to
our land system is the expense and delay and
labor imposed upon the emigrant to stay his
location until he visits, often at a great distance,
the land office and purchases plats of any
township ill which he proposes to settle: Often,
sir, after this has been done, and he returns to
the office to purchase the tract, he is put off
with the story that it has just been entered.
His inquiry for the tract gave the cue to the
keen-scented speculator, and he must try again,
or, if he has settled upon the tract, submit to
pay a few hundred dollars more or less to
obtain his title. Many thousands of dollars
have been paid to agents and lawyers to find
the owners of unimproved lands ; many losses
incurred by fraudulent titles and poor locations
made outside or within settlements at high
rates. Mortgages and ejectments have been
the staple subjects incident to the situation.
SirJ all over the West, and even in th'e South,
a large portion of the soil is occupied by ten-
ants. Cities and towns are filled with people
seeking employment by days' - labor or with
teams who Would if they could settle upon and
cultivate the'unimproved lands that yet consti-
tute more than one half of the whole of the
States on the west side of Lake Michigan and
the Mississippi river, and yet, sir, all these un-
improved lands are held at prices beyond the
reach of the poor. Over fields of five hun-
dred miles in extent in the West three fourths
of the lands are not cultivated, and yet not an
acre subject to the use of the thousands who
throng everywhere without paying large profits
to the landowner. I can assure my political
friends that no voice or vote of these people
will continue them in' office unless they cease to
give the lands of the people to feed the greed of
the monopolists.
The immense, the empire g't-ants of the pub-
lic domain t® corporations u'pon the considera-
tion of promoting' the improvements of the
country by the construction'of railroads, will
in the end prove more hurtful' than beneficial
to these enterprises. The Government doubled
the priee updn its reserves along the proposed
lines, and the eorporationsat all favorable points
purchased by-its members the choice portions
and then placed large prices upon the whole.
I need not show that this discouraged and pre-
vented settlements, and resulted in paucity of
business 'to the roads. This-' policy for a time
was adopted by the Illinois Central Railroad
Company. Experience taught them to abandon
it; and since they have sold their lands below
the priees elsewhere, and are now reaping-a
golden harvest from crowded trains', unim-
proved lands along the routes of railroads with-
hold more' business and profits than are com-
pensated by the proceeds-of ultitn-'ate sa4e&. Had
