l§44
fflB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of tke Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS: I presume ifc is not
necessary to read tke. original bill. . I send to
the -desk the substitute reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee. >
The Chief Clerk read the amendment^ which
■was to strike out all of the original bill after
the enacting clause and to insert:
That the property other than money of Blanton
.Duncan.o££he Stateof Kentucky,now in theposses-
sion of the district court of the United States for the
district of Kentucky, under proceedings instituted
against him and his property under the act of July
17,1862, for the confiscation of said property, be re-
stored to the said Duncan, and the officers of the Uni-
ted States who may have the possession of such prop-
erty are required to deliver the same to said Duncan.
Mr. NYE. It seems to me that is a pretty
heavy bill for so late a time at night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to take it up
and then we will discover how weighty it is.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator said that
about the police bill. The object of that bill
was to keep thieves from confiscating property.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What committee does
this bill come from ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on the
Judiciary have considered it. If Senators
wish to know what this case is I will state it.
During the war the property of Mr! Duncan,
in Louisville, was ordered by the court to be
confiscated. The marshal of Kentucky took
possession of it and received the rents upon
it. There was a considerable amount of prop-
erty. There was no sale of the property, and
Mr. Duncan received a pardon, under which,
as a matter of course, his property goes back
to him. There will be no sale after he has been
pardoned. This bill as modified directs the
marshal to give hira possession of the property
but not of the reuts. The change in the amend-
ment from the original bill is in regard to the
rents. leaving that under the control of the
court inasmuch as the rents were received.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should suppose his
property belonged to him without any bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought so. too, but
it seems not. He cannot get possession of it,
and he is in a starving condition.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on the passage of that bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 8; 'as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole,
Corbett, Crasin, Davis, Drake, Hendricks. Kellogg,
McOreeiy, McDonald, Nye, Oborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Rico, Robertson, Sawyer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, ~\ lckers, Wade, Willey, and Williams—26.
NAih — Messr?. Cattell. Frelinghiry&eii, Harris,
llowc, Morgan, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Ver-
mom, and Patterson of New Hampshire—8.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Chandler,
Conkling, Conness, Dixon, Doolit tie, Edmunds Ferry,
Jfessendcn, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, How-
ard, Morton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ram-
sey, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
btewart, Sumner, Thayer, Warner, Welch, Whyte,
Wilson, and Yates—32.
So the bill was passed.
iiot springs in arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up House bill No. 1276.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1276) for the sale of the Hot Springs
reservation, in Arkansas, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
of the original bjll after the enacting clause
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That upon the passage of this act the Secretary of
the interior shall cause to be surveyed, platted, and
laid out into streets, blocks, and lots, or parcels of
ground, ot such form and area as will best facilitate
the construction of a town, all that portion of the
public domain described as follows, to wit: the south
haltef sections twenty-eight and -twenty-nino; all of
sections thirty-one and' tbuty-two, township two
souths range nineteen west} and north half of sec-
tions four and.five, township three south, nineteen
west; in all four sections, known as the Hot Springs
reservation, in Hot Springs county, State of Arkan-
sas: Provided, That no parcel of ground surveyed
and platted for lot, block, or street shall approach
nearer than one hundred feet to any spring included
in the group of hotor warm springs embraced within
the aforesaid reservation. When the survey shall
have been made, in accord.ance with the provisions
herein provided, the Secretary of the Interior £hall
cause maps and plats to be made of said survey and
the ground, embraced within said reservation; said
maps aad plats shall show each lot, block, and street
of said survey, «aoh stream of water, and the eleva-
tion of each block of ground above some fixed point
to be designated on a level with the drainage of said
reservation, each spring and its elevation above the
point designated, also the temperature of each
spring, and shall furnish said maps and plats to
persons who may apply for information: And pro-
vided further, That the circuit court in and for the
eastern district of Arkansas shall have original ju-
risdiction of all claims and disputes and controver-
sies existing or arising relating to the title to said
reservation, or any part thereof; and that the Uni-
ted States, in all controversies, suit-s, and proceed-
ings relative to said reservation, shall appear and be
represented by the Attorney General of the United
States, or the United States district attorney for the
eastern district of Arkansas, or such other attorney
as the Attorney General may employ, and shall be
subject to the same rules, practice, principles, judg-
ments, and decrees as a natural person party to said
action. Any person olaiming any right, title, or in-
terest in or to said reservation, or any part thereof,
may bring his suit in equity in said court at any time
within ninety days after the passage of this act,
making the United States, and any other parties
claiming adversely, parties to said action; and there-
upon the same pleadings and proceedings shall be
had, (the service of the subpena upon the Attorney
Geueral by delivery to him of an attested copy of the
same being sufficient notice to the United States;)
and the said court shall hear, try, and determine said
cause according to the rules and practice of the cir-
cuit court aforesaid in equity cases. All parties to
said action shall plead, answer, or demur within
thirty days after service of subpena; and in case of
failure so to do the bill shall be taken as confessed.
And within twenty days after the time for answering
or demurring has expired a master in chancery-shall
be appointed by the judge of said court to take tes-
timony m said cause, and all testimonyshall be sub-
mitted to said master within ninety days after his
appointment; and immediately thereafter the said
lua&ter t-hall file hid report with the clerk of the said
court, and thereupon said cause shall take prece-
dence for trial over all other cases on the docket,
and a final judgment and decree shall be entered
therein during the first regular term of the court
thereafter, or at a special term of said court held
after the filing of said report, and before a regular
term, which the judge of said court is hereby au-
thorized to order and hold for the purpose of more
speedily determining said controversy, which judg-
ment and decree shall be binding and conclusive
upon the United States, as well as upon ail other
parties, any party to said action having the right of
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States if
taken within thirty days after said dccree; and if said
appeal is not perfected within said thirty days, it
shall be null and void and of no effect; and there-
upon the judgmentof said circuit court shall be final.
And on the trial of said cause it shall be competent
for any of the parties to said action to submit in evi-
dence exemplified copies of the records of any or all
proceedings heretofore had, including the evidence
given in any of the State or United States courts,
inwhic'hthe title to said reservation ha3 been the
subject of such proceedings, and such exemplifica-
tions so submitted shall form apart of the evidence !
to be considered in the determination of said cause. I
And in case of an appeal to the Supreme Court by j
any party to said action, the same shall take prece- i
dcnce on the calendar of said court of all other !
causes, and shall bo called, heard, and determined
by said court m its tuid oider at the first term of said
court held theieaftcr, or that may be in session at the
date of perfecting said appeal. And the same pro-
ceedings, orders, and decrees shalJ be had thereon as
is provided by the rules and practicc of said court in
equity cases; and it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States to cause land patents to be
issued for any portion of said reservation to which
any party or parties to said action may be entitled
m accordance with the final judgment and dccree of
the court entered in said cause; and should said
court determine that the title to said reservation, or
anv part thereof, is in the United States, then and
in that case onlysaid reservation, or so much thereof
as may be by said couit adjudged and decreed to
belong to the United States, shall be sold as is pro-
vided herein: Provided further, That all persons fail-
iug to prosecute their claims to said land, or part
thereof, in the manner and within the time above
provided, shall be forever debarred of the right of
instituting or maintaining any action or suit in any
court tor the recovery of the same.
S^.2. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
ot the Interior shall, within sixty days after said res-
ervation is surveyed and platted, as abovfe provided,
appoint three disinterested^ freeholders, who shall
proceed to the said reservation, and on view thereof
appraise the said lots or parcels of ground so platted
and surveyed, each at the cash value thereof, and
return the same to the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. o. And be it further enacted, That after such
surveys have been made, plats and maps prepared,
and report of appraisers returned as provided, and
after fi^al decision by the court, the Secretary of the
Interior shall advertise in oaenewspaper'aatfromed
to publish the laws of the United States in each State
once each week for the period of sixty days; th at upon
a day to be designated in the advertisement, which
shall be immediately succeeding the expiration of
the period above named, the proper officers will sjl
upon the reservation, at public auction, to the high-
est and best bidder, all those lots or parcels of grohrid
above described. Upon the day designated in the
advertisement the Secretary of the Interior fhall
cause the sale to be made as provided, in accordance
with existing laws made and provided for the sale
of public l&nds: Provided, That no lot or parcel of
ground shall b.esald for less than its appraised value:
Provided alko, ^fhat no lot,block, or parcel ofground
containing a spring of the character described as
aforesaid, in section one, shall be sold or offered for
sale; butsaidlot,block, or parcel of ground shall for-
ever remain the property of the United States, sub-
ject to the control and authority of the Secretary of/
the Interior, whose duty it shall be to protect the
said property from the occupation of any person or
persons whatever, and keep it at all times open "and
Free to the use of the public; and the said Secretary
of the Interior shall report annuity to Congress the
situation of the said lot or Mock or parcel ofground,
and what legislation may be necessary to carry out
the purposes of this act. The Secretary of the Interior
shall have surveyed and set apart aplat ofground, not
to exceed one hundred acres in area, upon what ig
known as Hot Springs mountain, for a public park,
which may be excepted from the survey into lols,
blocks, and streets, the title of which shall vest in
like manner as the title of the springs hereinbefore
provided.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the proceeds
of the sale provided for in the foregoing sections of
this act shall be returned to the Secretary of the
Interior, who shall first pay all costs of survey, ap-
praisement. and sale; after which he shall invest the
residue in United States securities and hold it in trust
until otherwise directed by law.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the interest
accruing upon said securities shall be applied pro
rata for the education of all tho children in the State
of ArkaDfaas which may be between the ages of six
and twenty years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and i
revision of bulks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will announce the committee provided for by
the resolution to amend the rules of the Sen-
ate. The committee will consist of Mr. An-
thony, Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr. Edmunds.
enrolled bills signed
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 812) to allow deputy
collectors of internal revenue acting as collect*
ors the pay of collectors, and for other pur-
poses, and the enrolled joint resolution (S. R.
No. 8) proposing an amendment to the Cpn-
stitution of the United States; and they were
thereupon signedby the President^Jro itempore.
internal-revenue stamps.
Mr. BUCKALEW submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to ;
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish
to the Senate astutement, if any hasbeen filed, ofthe
account of internal revenue stamps issued by the Gov-
ernment since the passage of the act approved July
1, 1S62, with the amounts leceived therefor, and a
statement ofthe adjustment of such account by the
Comptroller, if any has been made; with any expla-
nation of such account as may be necessary toapropor
understanding of its present condition.
pecos and placer ditcii company,
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the unanimous pen-
sent of the Senate to take up a bill relating to
a canal or a ditch in New Mexico. The bill
has been before the Senate the whole of -this
Congress and was reported in the fore part of
the Congress, and there is a substitute reported
by the committee. It relates to the irrigation
of a little tract of land in New Mexico. The
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] drew the
amendment, which I think is very carefully
drawn, because it confines the sale of all the
lauds they irrigate to actual settlers at $2 ,50
an acre. They say they can irrigate it ajod sell
it to actual settlers at $2 60 an acre, whereas
now it is not worth a cent. It is .Senate'bill
No. .287,, granting the right of way and J wide tp
the Pecos-and Placer T)it<.h and MiningOom'
pany:of Now Mexico. . ,
