mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOSE.
February 4,
Brought forward* ■... . $2*140,000
70 abu4 meat and. 26 pier foundations, inclu-
ding excavating, piios, grillage, and secu-
rios with riprap, at #1.500.  144,000
30.480 vards masonry in abutments and piers,
al $15        437,200
8,4o0 lineal feet Howe truss, namely, 40sp,ms
of 150 fccr.-nnd 11 spans of 100 test. at &I5.. 380,250
Supplying 121 openings of trestle-work ot 50 j
feet length anduader.-betweenQinahaand
North Platte, .with permanent works of
masonry and girders, at  1  00,500
Supplying 254openings of trestle-work of 50
f*et length and u'ader, between North
Platte aud end of track, with permanent
works of masonry and girders, at $900  228,1300
Sup{>lyingl8' opeuingsof trestle-work, aver-
gaing 103 fectcaeh, with permanent struc- .
tures ot masonry and girders,- or short •
trusses, imuuding foundations, at $1,500  • 276J300
Rant-wiag Ddlc creek bridge, or replacing .
same by eabankment and arched water-
way ..      100,000
Prob.ible exnenditure for additional water-
way? in Mitry's creek, Bitier oreek, and
other points not provided for, and renew-
ing and eniarsiog stone culverts  100,000
Si&ty new passenger locomotives for through
travel on opening of road, at $14,000  840,000
Thorough repairs, say of one third of loco-
motives, used in construction and on hand
when road isopenod,say50,at.#3,G00eaoh... 150,000
Forty-four new p issenger cars, for through
travel on opening of road, at $6.000   264,000
Thirty b.igg.ige, express, and mail cars, at
$3,800 :   114,000
Five hundred box freight caw. at $900  450 000
Fifty additional locomotive stalls,.at $4,0 0.. 200,000
Completing shops at Cheyenne, additional
shops at Bryan, and enlarging shops at
Omaha,, with tools tor Cheyenne, Rawlins,
and Bryan     350,000
Additional water-stations and probable ad-
ditional expenditure to secure full supply
ofwat'Tbetween RawIinsandBitterereek. 80.000
Additional station buildings  75,000
Additional snow fences  50.000
Additional fencing against ptock  30,000
Total 
 $6,489,550
The f >rcgning estimate is confined to the eight hun-
dred and ninety miles of road from Omaha to the
ond of tho tj aok. and is a statement of tho expondi-
turo deemed necessary to complete the construction
and equipment of that part of tho road ready for the
tr<fiicto be thrown Upon it when tho line is opened
toCalilornia. It is based on the road and equipment
as we fouud them, and no allowance is mode tor works
in progress, or for materials and equipments rdcrcd
or reported ta transitu lor delivery, or already de-
livered, except so far as alreadyplaoed in position in
the structures themselves.
Tho estimate being made with reference to tho eight
hundred and ninety miles only, it does not of course
afford any criterion of what may or mav not be re-
quired oti that, part of tho lino extending from the
end ofthe track to Weber canon, on which wenuder-
stand our instructions as not requiring au estimate
of any kiu<t,
III.—An eitimate of eo*t of constructing and full)/ equip-
ping the road from Weber c afiott to the luad of Great
S"l' Lake.
The estimated amount required for thoconstruction
and full equipment ot the road from the mouth of
\Wber canon to the head of Great Salt Lake, is as
follows:
For grading and bridging, including masonry and
foundations complete, 90.3 miles, at $11,500 per
f,  $1,107,450
hupe structure, deluding rails, fastenings,
spikes, fes, t>f,:;k-laying. and ballasting,
with nix per cent, of sidings, 102 miles, at
$17,000 per mil©  1,734,000
.Equipment, moludinff motive power, roll-
ing-stock, engine-houses, turn-tables,
shops tools, water stations, and station
buildings, 96.3 miles, at $7,000 per mile.... €74,100
Total   $3,515,550
I do not know why this is so ; but there is
complaint and proof that it is so. J on)y say
that these reports show it to be so. And as a
Representative ofthe people, I cannot sit here
quietly while^ these reports are sent to the
House and printed, and see that deficit in that
road, without asking Congress to take some
steps to prevent the people's money and prop-
erty going into the hands of men who fail to
perform the work they have agreed to do. If
I were security foi* a man, and found him
wasting his means without perfecting his work,
which 1 was bound to have him do, I should
a?k to be secured against any failure on his
part, btanding here as a Representative of
the people, 1 call upon Congress to compel
the.se parties to leave in the hands of the
Treasurer an amount sufficient to secure the
Government in the completion of this .work.
And for:that purpose 1 have introduced the
following joint resolution:
Joint resolution directing the Secretary of the
IVeasury. in all cises whero theUnited btates has
aid<*d in constructing railroads, to withhold bonds
sufficient to secure , the completionvof said road as
a fira|.-class railroad, in accordance with tho report
1 of special commissioners appointed for the pur-
pose of examining said road. >>■
Be it resolved, by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Gongi t8« assem-
bled* That the Secretary of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, directed to withhold
from the Union-Pacific Railroad Company, the Union
Pacific railway, eastern division, the Sioux City Pa-
cific railway, the Central Pacific railroad of Cali-
fornia, and all other companies or corporations now
engaged in tho construction of railroads under the
authority of any,acts of Congress, or to which, the
Government has granted subaid es ot' bonds, an
amount of Government bonds out of the first issue
hereafter, to which undersaid acts they would other-
wise respectively be entitled, equal to the respective
sums which the special commissioners appointed by
the Government have estimated in their reports,
heretofore made, will be required to make their re-
spective roads first-class railroads, in order that the
proper completion of each of said roads may be
•secured. (Tlioreportas to tho three first-mentioned
roads bear date November 23,1868, and as to the
Central Pacific railroad of California, December 3,
18G8.)
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That after the
completion of either of said roads, on application of
the company so completing the same, the President
of the United States shall appoint a commission, to
consist of three competent and impartial commis-
sioners, to make a thorough examination of said
.road, and when tho said commissioners so appointed
shall have reported that tho said company has com-
plied with the law, and fully completed and equipped
their road as o first-class railroad, then, and not till
then, shall tho Secietary of the TroaMiry bo author-
ized to deliver to such company tho bonds withheld
and detained from such company in pursuance hereof.
Now, sir, I call further attention to the report
of Mr. Williams. I need not here say anything
more about his character. He is widely known
as an able and experienced engineer. He is a
constituent of mine; a gentleman in whom I
have every confidence, and in whom the Gov-
ernment had confidence enough to appoint him
a director in this road. In Executive Docu-
ment No. 15 he points out the danger to which
I have alluded in very clear but modest lan-
guage. He says:
" The same assurance as to morepermanentstruc-
tures has probably been given in like good faith to
the commissioners on the acceptance of the several
sections, although upon this point we have no defi-
nite information. However this may be, yet from
tho nature of the case^ this may hereafter depend
not upon proper intentions but upon the company's
means. For, although the gentlemen now owning
the road might be relied upon to add fresh money
from their own resources to tho extent needed, yet
in the frequent changes of railroad property the con-
trol may speedily pass to others, and tho question be-
tween appropriating surplus earnings to this work
of fall completion or to dividends will be decided by
new parties who atthe time may chaneo to control a
majority ol the stock."
Now, sir, inasmuch as this Government
director has called attention so clearly to the
fact that this road may pass into other hands,
and the means of the road having been ex-
hausted, and the road not yet completed as the
law requires, while the Government has itself
furnished more means than is necessary for
the purpose, I ask this Congress to take steps
to secure means enough to make this a first-
class road; for, sir, the company now com%
plain of being hard pressed for means to carry*
on the work. If this be so there is great waste
somewhere, and we should know where it is.
This is all 1 ask. I make no other complaint
against any one of these roads. I speak of it
as a business transaction. I would not make
these remarks now, but rather when the meas-
ure is before the House. But you are aware,
Mr. Chairman, that when measures of this
character come before the House they are gen-
erally disposed of under the operation of the
previous question. And I wanted to give my
reasons for offering this resolution.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question or two in relation to his prop-
osition.
Mr. SHANKS. Very well; I will answer
the gentleman.
Mr. WELKER. I would the get, tie man
how much he proposes to withhold, what per
cent., from the Union Pacific railroad for
deficiency in the execution of tire work on that
road ?
Mr. SHANKS. I will answer the gentle-
man with pleasure. I propose, in the resolu-
tion I have introduced, to withhold not only
for the Union Pacific railroad, but all railroads
for \vhich the Government has furnished sub-
sidies, the amount reported by the commis-
sioners as necessary to secure their completion
•as first-class roads.
Mr. WELKER. Is there any complaint of
any other Pacific railroad other than the road
from Omaha west as not being properly con-
struqted? ''
' Mr. SHANKS. I have no reports showing
'anything more than I have embraced in this
joint resolution. l am informed that there is
on thfe Onion Pacific, eastern division, and on
the California Central, but have no official in-
formation touching these, but have provided
for their securities also. I make no invidious
distinction between these roads. ' I do not wish
to say there are deficiences unless I have au-
thentic authority for saying so. I only spoke
of that road because I had official documents
Stating the facts.
Mr. WELKER. I want to ask the gentle-
man farther, whether he expects by the meas-
ure that he proposes to get, the Union Pacific
Railroad Company east of the mountains tb
release their right to construct the gap between
that and tho Pacific railroad west?
Mr. SHANKS. I have very clearly defined
■what I want, and that looks to me like a very
far fetched question and one that does not
apply to this case. I am only seeking to secure
the proper construction of the road as it pro-
gresses west of Omaha. I do'not care where
it stops or whether it stops at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. WELKER. I want to ask the gentle-
man whether by the proposition which he
makes in his resolution he expects to compel
the Omaha road to aid other Pacific railroad
companies to get subsidies for the building of
their roads ?
Mr. SHANKS. That is another very far-
fetched question, and it has nothing to do with
this matter.
Mr. WELKER. Answer it.
' Mr. SHANKS. I answer no, for I have
nothing of that kind in my mind. The gen1
tleman must be engaged in something of that
kind or he would not suspect it so quickly.
[Laughter.] I have had nothing to do with
anything of the kind. It is a remarkable fact
that when you call attention to these things
somebody jumps up and runs. [Laughter.] I
only say that the commissioners have made a
report showing that the road is not being con-
structed according to law, and all I ask is that
Congress shall see to it that the road is con-
structed according to law. Why does the gen-
tleman go outside of that question to hunt up
something that has nothing to do with it?
Mr. \\ ELKER. The gentleman's intima-
tions or insinuations against myself are .entirely
unfounded, for Ihave voted against all subsidies
to railroads and propose to do so in the future.
I make these inquiries of him in order to ascer-
tain whether there is any cat under this meal.
This proposition of his may be all right; I do
not know but it is ; but I am suspicious of all
legislation of this character connected with
these Pacific railroads.
Mr. SHANKS. Now, I want to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I want to ask hiin.asa
Representative of the people, if he is willing to
stand here and see a report (Ex. Doc. No. )5)
made by Government officials sent to this House
and published by the House showing a deficit
already of $6,489,550 worth of work upon the
first eight hundred and ninety miles of this
road, for which the company has been fully
paid out of the public Treasury and more than
enough to complete it, and not raise his hand
of voice against it?
Mr. WELKER. I hare no objection to the
gentleman raising his hand and voice against
anything of that kind.
Mr. SHANKS. Well, that is all there is in it.
