1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
Mr. WELKER. Bat I want to suggest that
perhaps there are two sides to the question as
to the manner in which this road lias been
built. I have great faith, however, in the
reports of the gentlemen sent out for this
purpose, anil probably it is all so. I have no
defense to make of this Pacific railroad or
any other.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if I understood him rightly as
saying that, he had voted constantly against all
subsidies and grants to Pacific railroads?
Mr. WELKliE. I believe I did say so.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I understand that
the gentleman voted against the grant and
subsidy in favor of the Pacific railroad running
west of Omaha.
Mr. WELKER. I was not in Congress when
that question was up.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely desire to say that
I understand it to be a well-accredited fact that
this Union Pacific railroad running west from
Omaha has been and is now the consistent op-
ponent of subsidies to other roads which may
become rival roads, and that it has had here
upon this floor, having the privileges" of this
floor to lobby, an agent resisting subsidies to
other Pacific railroads which may in the end
become rival routes from the Atlantic to the
Pacific coast.
Mr. WELKER. I do not know anything
about that at all.
Mr. SHANKS. Well, then, the gentleman
from Ohio must not expect me to know what
he does not know. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, what I desire is that
Congress shall take this matter into considera-
tion. That is my purpose; and I will pursue
this matter to success, if success is possible.
I Ciinnot be driven from it by any remarks such
as those of the gentleman from Ohio. When
I entertain a purpose it is because I believe it
to be right. There is but one tiling^ that can
drive me from its pursuit, and that is defeat;
and if I be defeated, it will be while fighting
for success.
Mr. KELLEY addressed the committee on
the subject ot finance. [See Appendix.]
Mr. Jul,tan obtained the floor, butyielded to
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, who moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and, Mr.
Fekry having taken the Chair as Speaker pro
tempo/ e, Mr. Cullom reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the President's annual
message of 1807, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. Williams, of
Indiana, the House (at ten o'clock and twenty-
five minutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COVODE: A petition of citizens
of Indiana county, Pennsylvania, in favor of
an amendment, of the Constitution.
By Mr. KELLOGG: A memorial of the
Board of Trade of Mobile, in relation to the
improvement of the harbor of Mobile.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petition of John B.
Patterson and 100 others, of Fulton county,
Pennsylvania, asking that the Constitution of
the United States be so amended as to ac-
knowledge Almighty God a3 the source of all
authority and power in civil government, &c.
Also, the petition of Jacob Sanders, of Get-
tysburg, Adams county, Pennsylvania, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, asking for a pension.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A
petition from Beaver county, Pennsylvania,
numerously signed, asking for a more definite
recognition of the Supreme Being in the Con-
stitution of the United States.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Elias L.
Corson and 36 others, owners and masters of
vessels of Hoboken, New Jersey, praying the
intervention of Congress to protect all engaged
in navigation from illegal executions by State
and municipal corporations.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition ofCaptain John
Grant and others, of Maine, asking for a lav/
abrogating State tonnage laws.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Carleton, Nor-
wood & Co., of Rockport, Maine, for same
purpose.
By Mr. PLANTS: A petition of 24 citizens
of Woodsfield, Monroe county, Ohio, praying
for the passage of the bill now pending in the
House, providing for the division of the State
of Ohio into three jndicial districts.
By Mr. SCOhTELD: A letter from Colonel
James Worrall, relative to the bureau of
engiueers.
By Mr, STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Beattie, Dawson & Co., Eli Smith, Charlss
R. Howard, and 100 citizcns of East Lynne,
Waterford, and New London, Connecticut, ask-
ing an appropriation to improve the channel of
Niantic river.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February o, 18g9.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gbay, D. D.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yesterday
was dispensed with.
alexander j. atocha.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
488. It is a very meritorious bill, indeed, and
I aid very anxious that the Senate should pass
it now, in order that it may go to the other
House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the bill will be read.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 488) to
amend an act entitled "An act for the relief
of Alexander J. Atocha,'' approved February
14, 1865.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator asks'the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider the bill at this time. Does any
Senator object?
Mr. KELLOGG. It will take but a moment.
Mr. GRIMES. Is not this a claim that has
been before us for the last fifteen years?
Mr. KELLOGG. The bill has been re-
ported by the committee with amendments,
which amendments have been accepted by the
party in interest, andl presume there will now
be no objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I think we ought not to pass
upon a claim of that kind in a Senate so sparse
as this. It is an old acquaintance of ours.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
at this time.
paving 01? pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. _ I
ask the Senate to resume the consideration
of the bill which we had up yesterday morn-
ing. I think we can complete it in a few
moments.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 786) to provide for
the paving of Pennsylvania avenue, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment ot Mr.
Fessendek, to strike out all after the word
"thereof," in line six of the third section,
down to and including the word " outward,"
in line ten, in the following words:
By the owners of private property lyi g and abut-
ting on said Pennsylvania avenue, andin proportion
to their frontage thereon for that portion of tbo work
in front of their lota or parts of lots from the curb
line of said avonuo twenty-two feet outward.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have made some
inquiry since yesterday with reference to this
subject, and I find that the system has always
been adopted here of requiring, when a street
is first paved, the owners of lands on each side
to pave to the middle of the steeet. That rule
has not applied, however, to Pennsylvania
avenue, with which, I believe, the eity does
not claim to have much to do. I understand
further that the owners of property along Penn-
sylvania avenue are in favor of this bill, and
some of them have petitioned for it. If they
have, and if that is the system, I do not feel
disposed to interfere with it by any opinions of
mine. I rose simply to express my opinion
yesterday that the system itself is an unjust
one, and in its application to Pennsylvania
avenue I think it is especially unjust, because
this is not the first paving of Pennsylvania
avenue. I understand the system to have been
here, as it is in many western cities, that when
a street is first paved the owners of property on
both sides have been required to pay the expen se
in front of their buildings, "but that the street
is kept in repair afterward by the corporaiion
or by the whole people. This is not the first
paving of Pennsylvania avenue, but the sec-
ond or the third or the fourth, or whatever it
may be. This is really a proposition to keep
in repair; and I think, therefore, the objec-
tion applies to it more strongly still. It will
be seen—and I wish simply to enter my pro-
test against it—that it must necessarily oper-
ate very severely on individuals, since a per-
son may own a lot upon a street that, is to be
paved which is greater in extent of frontage
than one very much more valuable, and the
less valuable lot would be obliged to pay a
larger sum of the expense. Again, it works very
hard upon people who own very little property.
While a wealthy man can afford to pay for this
paving, a poor person, who owns nothing but
his lot, cannot.
All these objections exist to the system. It
is a system not known in New England, where
I reside; but I am told it is very common in
the western country and in some of the mid-
dle States. I dislike it, but still, under the
circumstances, as it has always existed here,
and as it exists here without complaint from
the people, and as there is no remonstrance
against this bill on the part of those owning
property on Pennsylvania avenue, 1 do not
teel inclined to obtrude a'ly opinions ot my
own with regard to it upon the bill itself, but
leave the responsibility of it w.th the commit-
tee who reported it. Consequently, having
expressed my dislike of the principle, which
I think to be unjust and wrong, and to work
very great injury in individual cases, I will
withdraw the amendment and allow the bill
to take its course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine withdraws his amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 move to amend the third
section of the hill in the twenty fourth line so
as to fix the maximum to be paid tor paving at
$4 ii5 instead of $4. I think $4 23 is as
low as the work can be done for. 1 propose to
raise the maximum from $4 to $4 25.
The OHJBP GlSbk. The amendment is, in
section three, line twenty-four, after the word
"dollars," to insert the words "and twenty-
five cents so that the proviso will read :
Provided, That the est of laying such pavement
shall not excoed the sum of $4 25 per square yard.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will only &ay, us I said yesterday morning, that
the committee who had this bill in charge in-
vestigated the cost of the different kinds oJ
pavement, and eatne to the conclusion that
four dollars was enough, ample to pay for the
very best of pavement; and so they put that
limitation in the bill. There isno feeling about
the matter. If the Senate prefer to put it at
$4 25 they can do so. My ownjndgmentisthut
four dollars is enough; that we can get just as
good a pavement at $4 as we can at $4 25.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; andtheamendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
extradition of criminals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 705.
