m
TH® «.C)0Ni(iKb: S10IM3/
February 5,
- Mr. CONKLING. 1. ask the Senator to
allow- me to present a petition or. two.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. I have been trying all
^ttis session -to get the attention of the Senate
at some time to a number of bills of .public
importance that have, been reported by the
Committee on -the Judiciary, -but it seems
almost impossible to get them up except by
interfering in spine way w.ith the morning
business. The practice obtains here of moving
to take up a frill.; and we have just now passed
one, before the morning business is disposed
of; and I know no other way but to enter
into this struggle, which to me is exceedingly
.unpleasant and never used to obtain in the
Senate, and move to take up a bill and then
ask to have it laid aside. I hope the Senator
from New York will allow that to be done it)
this case- If the bill is taken qp 1 am willing
that it shall be laid aside informally for morn-
ing business.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent
until the morning business is disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator, but when I receive peti-
tions 1 feel bound to present them. I will do
it at such time as answers the convenience of
the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the bill (S. No. 705) further
to provide .for giving effect to treaty stipula-
tions between this and foreign G-overnineutsfor
the extradition of criminals is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
, Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the Senator has
no objection, I will present my petition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
I'lmTIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition in
behalf of the Sisters of Mercy of Charleston,
South Carolina, signed by General Dennis F.
Burke and other surviving officers of the Irish
brigade, first division, second army corps of
the Army of the "Potomac. The petition sets
forth the loyalty and merit of those in whose
behalf it is prepared, and asks that their applica-
tion for recompense (or property injured during
the war may be favorably considered. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims,
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLIN G. I present also a petition
numerously signed by citizens of the United
States, asking in a form somewhat lengthy in
its statement that such Changes may take place
in the Government of the United States as will
recognize the existence of the Deity and such
other objects as are set forth in the petition.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of citizens of the United States, pray-
ing such an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States as will fully acknowledge
the obligations of the Christian religion ; which
w.as referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, pre-
sented the memorial of Boswell W. Silsbee,
praying that he may bo allowed a pension for
injuries received while acting as special agent
of the provost marshal of the third district of
New Hampshire; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PERRY presented the petition of
George Fowler and the administrators of the
estate of De Grass Fowler, deceased, praying
an extension of their patent for an improve
merit in machinery for punching metal; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens ofPennsylvania, praying an appropriation
m behalf of the National Homestead at Gettys-
burg, for the orphans of soldiers and sailors
of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Daniel H.
Connors, late captain company A, second Penn-
sylvania reserve volunteer corps and brevet I
major United -States.-.volunJ^.ers,. ^ta}iii^.th9.6
he may be allowed a.balance of p%ywbieb he
alleges to be ijlue him,; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying such an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States as will
recognize the obligations of the Chistian reli-
gion ; which were referred to the, Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr- WELCH presented a resolution, .of the
Legislature of Florida, in favor of a donation
of the United States court-house and the
fround upon which it stands, and all other
Inited States lots in the city of St. Augustine
notnecessary for military purposes, to the State
of Florida for educational purposes ; .whjch
was referred to the Committee on Education-
^ Mr- SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying such an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States as will
fully acknowledge the obligations of the Chris-
tian,religion ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have received and been
requested to present a petition signed by about
four hundred citizensof NewHarnpshire, ask-
ing that the right of voting may be given to
women on the same terms as to men. This
petition is signed by.some of the best citizens
of the State of New Hampshire. It is headed
by Nathaniel White, one of the most worthy
and patriotic and influential citizens in my
State. I take pleasure in presentingth,is peti-
tion ; and I will say that if I have come rather
late into this business, I am promised m future
a good supply of similar petitions, which I
shall present with pleasure. As the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary have reported upon this
question, and amendments are pending in the
Senate.covering the very point involved in this
petition, I move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I present a petition ad-
dressed to the Senate of the Uuited States
from the colored men of America, signed by
the president and secretary of a convention of
colored gentlemen who metia this cityrecently,
praying for equal suffrage. As it is a very
important subject to them. and the memorial
is short, I move that it be printed and lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition,of F.
P. Sales, praying a return of certain duties on
merchandise imported per the Spanisli brig
Cast ille ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. WHYTE presented the memorial of the
Board of Trade of Baltimore city, in opposi-
tion to the prayer of certain petitioners who
desire the abrogation of all State and muni-
cipal laws regulating licenses for pilots and
charging quarantine fees, &c. ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORGAN presented a resolution.of the
Buffalo Board of Trade, in favor of the passage
of the bill to exempt canal-boats from tonnage
dufes; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. STEWART. Iofferthefollowingorder,
and ask for its present consideration:
Ordered, That until the joint resolution proposing
a constitutional amendment, now pendingbefore the
Senate, be disposed of, the Senate wi! i each day take
a recess at iive o'clock until half past seven o'clock
p. m.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded toxonsider the order.
Mr. FESSENDEN, and others. Say four
or half past four o'cloek.
Mr. STEWART. I will modify it by saying
half past four o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. You will not want' a ses-
sion to-morrow night?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, to get through with
it, and I think we can finish it to-morrow
night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be read as modified.
The Chief -Clerk read it, as follows:
Ordered. That until the joint resolution proposing
a constitutional amendment, now,pending before the
Senate, he disposed of, the Senate will each day take
a recess at half past four o'clock until half pastseven
o'clock p. m.
< Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Nevada if he had not better add to that, " and
that no other business shall be in order in the
evening session but the consideration of the
constitutional amendment," so that we shall
know what is going on ?
Mr. STEWART. I will make that modifica-
tion. I intend to-hold on to it until it is dis-
posed of,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
equivalent to making a rule, and requires a day's
notice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It only requires unani-
mous consent, and this order requires unan-
imous consent for its .present consideration.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we can get a vote
to-night. - : -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be modified as suggested.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator to modify his proposition still further, that
the vote shall not be taken at the night session.
There is no occasion for it. For myself I do
not feel well enough to come here at night. I
have not been in robust health recently, and
perhaps that may be the case with some other
Senators. I should dislike to come here every
evening simply, to hear, the debates upon it
unless it is necessary. The vote can be taken
iu the day time.
Mr. STEWART. After the debate has pro-
gressed we can fix. the time for voting, I appre-
hend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS, That has been accepted.
Mr. STEWART. I will modify the order so
as to provide that the final vote shall be taken
to-morrow at four o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cannot be done
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WHYTE. I suggest, as an amendment,
that the vote be taken at one o' clock on Monday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Say four o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. These agreements are
always made without the form of a resolution.
You cannot.do it by a resolution.
Mr. STEWART. We can make an agree-
ment of tha-t kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.- The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Indiana, whichwill be reported.
Mr. ANTHONY. The agreement, as I un-
derstand, is as to the Snal vote. Does that
apply to the amendments ?
Mr. STEWART. To the whole subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the night sessions
be for discussion.
Mr. ANTHONY. But it is desirable that we
should have a full Senate, notonly when thefinal
vote is taken, but when the amendments are
voted on.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They will not take any
time.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to agree to
take the final vote to-morrow at four o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. That can be done after
this resolution is disposed of.
Mr. FERRY. Letusdisposeoftheresolution
first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon .the adoption of the order as
modified; ■
Mr. TRUMBULL,. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada that it is a little premature to try-
to fix the time of voting now. There are quite
anumber of amendments pending, and we can-
not tell what shape they will take, and we have
never in the Senate, by a vote of the Senate,
fixed the time to take a vote. Doubtless there
can be an understanding obtained after we ap-
proach the final action upon this constitutional
amendment. There has not developed itself
in the Senate any disposition to protract this
matter by unreasonable debate, and unless there
