is m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
should be there Will be no diflictilty in getting
a vote when those members of the Setrate who
desire to'do so shall have expressed their views.
It seetns to me the only thing to be done pow,
if the Senatorfrom Nevada desires that; is to
provide for evening sessions; and there might be
an understanding that we would not take the
final vote this evening on that subject, and we
will see how it may be to-morrcs^. It may be
necessary before the final vote is had upon this
subject to have an evening session and to stay
here until We can obtain; a vote. Therefore,
sir, I shotild not:think it advisable at this time
to say thatno voting should take place at night.
It may be the only' way in which we can get a
final vote. But I think for the present if we
order an evening session we shall accomplish
all that the Senator from Nevada desires, and
then let us leave the future to take care of
itself. Let it be generally understood that no
final vote will be taken to-night.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the amend-
ment that I proposed to this order on the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Yermont, and leave
it merely for an evening session, and with the
understanding that no other business is to come
up' except this subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. -1 am content with an
understanding on the subject if there be no
vote upon the main .proposition nor upon the
amendments at night, unless notice be given
in the day time to the contrary.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest that this under-
standing be left until after the order is adopted.
There can be no difficulty in arriving at so
just a suggestion as that of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But that will compel
us to come at night, and I do not feel well
enough to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana offer an amendment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The amend-
ment will be read.
/A'he Chief Clerk. It is proposed to add the
following wofds:
But the voteon the 'passage of the resolution shall
not be taken at such evening session.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to its considera-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Nevada would change the hour for taking the
recess from half past four to four o'clock. I
think that will be better.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think so, too.
Mr._ STEWART. Very well. I have no
objection to that, if that is the sense of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be so modified as to provide for a recess
at four o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I modify it still further,
so as to read from four o'clock to seven o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be read as now modified.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
Ordered, That until the joint resolution proposing
a constitutional amendment, now before the benate,
be disposed of, the Senate will each day take a recess
irom four o'clook until seven o'clock p. m.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada that, if it is worth while to do
this at all, it is worth while to fix it so that we-
shall know what we are acting upon. Such a
resolution as that will lead to a struggle every
night for precedence of business. What guar-
antee has the Senator that those who want to
take up other measures will not present them
just as much in the evening as in the day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the. Senator from
New York will allow me, the guarantee is that
• of every gentleman of the Senate who stands
here and hears the Senator from Nevada make
this motion for .this purpose. . I apprehend that
no member of the Senate would come here,
40th Cong. IIu Re?*.—No. 57.
after the amendment that has been made, and
thrust other business iu iu preference to this.
Certainly it wtfald be contrary to all the former
practice of this body. .
Mr. CONKLING. I hbj>e I appreciate as
well as the Senator would have m,s appreciate
what gentlemeh are bound to abide by; but
when the body passes a resolution it is the
resolution by which they are bound to abide.
If the resolution is silent upon a given point,
I do not see how anybody might not observe
all the obligations of the resolution and at the
same time avail himself of the permission which
the resolution would give him. IF the Senator
meaus to have an evening session to consider
the constitutional amendment, why notsayso?
That,is my suggestion.
Mr. STEWART. I should prefer myself
that it should be mentioned, but there was
some objection to it.
Mr. CONKLING. For example, there are
Senators not here this morning; they come in
and read this resolution, and it does not devote
the evening to any particular class of business.
How are they to be affected? Therefore, if we
are to do this at all, I suggest to the honorable
Senator that he had better provide in the reso-
lution for an evening session for the considera-
tion of this business, pointing to this subject,
and then we shall all understand it alike.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the
order, according to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator, by adding the words "for the purpose of
considering the said resolution."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be read as now proposed to be modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
OnZ«W,Tlia.t until the joint resolution proposing
a constitutional amendment,now pendingheforothe
Semite, be disposed of, the Senate will each daytako
a rcceps at four o'clock until seven o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of considering the said resolution.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes thirty,
noes not counted.
The order, as amended, was adopted.
reports of committees.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 214) changing the name of
the steamship Aries, of the Philadelphia and
Boston steamship line, to that of Spartan, re-
ported it without amendment-
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
735) to prevent the extermination of fur-bear-
ing animals in Alaska, and to protect the in-
habitants thereof, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was recommitted the
bill (S. No. 697) granting lands to the States
of Wisconsin and Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of the Wisconsin and Lake Superior
railroad and its branch, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 851) providing
for the sale of lands to aid in the construction
of the West Virginia Central railroad, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, in January,
1S68, a bill was reported by the Committee on
Patents authorizing the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to pay certain employes of the Patent
Office for services rendered. Since that time
the.Patent Office fund has been covered into
the Treasury. This bill has been recommitted
to the Committee on Patents, and I am in-
structed to report it back to the Senate, and
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 241) authorizing the Commissioner of
Patents to pay certain employes of the Patent
Office for services rendered, was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
Polly Hunt and George W. Hunt, submitted a
report thereon, accompanied by abill (S. No.
898) for the relief fff Polly Htint, administra-
trix, and George W. Hunt, aduii'uislrator, of the
estate of Walter Huiit, deceased. The bill was
read andpassedttetke setSOhd Ti&iitig, and ihe
report was ofdered to be printed. '
Mr. WARNER., from the Comihitte'fe oh Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred; thfe'Bffl (S.
No. 890) to renew certain grant's'of land to
the State of Alabama, reported it with amend-
ments. ' "
suffrage constitutional amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I send tb the Chair an
amendment in the nature of d substitute for the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States now pending, being to strike'out all
after the enacting clause, and insert what I
send to the Chair. I send it no# merely to
move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY) it was
Ordered, That Eliza Potter have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
bij.ls introduced. .
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce,a bill (S. No.
891) for the relief of George Fowler and the
estate of De Grasse Fowler, deceased, or their
assigns; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to infrodace a bill (S.
No. 892) amendatory of certain acts of Con-
gress granting lands to the States of Iowa and
Minnesota to aid in the construction of rail-
roads; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 894) defining the nature and extent of the
duties and powers of the coroner of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and prescribing his fees and
the manner of collecting the same ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
pan0ciie grande land claim.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to the Senate copics of the
correspondence and other papers on file in the Inte-
rior Department relative to the case of the United
States vs. V ineente P. Gomez, involving the claim to
the land Called "Panocho Grande," and eoneevning
the issuance of a patent tor the same.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following
resolution ; which- was eonsiderfed by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
to communicate to the Senate copies of the corre-
spondence and other papers on file in the Attorney
General's office relative to the case of the United
States vs. Vincente P. Gomez, involving the claim to
the land called "Panoche Grande."
counting of presidential vote.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The Chair
will announce the appointment of Mr. CoisK-
linq, of New York, as the teller on the part
of the Senate to count the votes for President
and Vice President of the United States.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheusos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had appointed Mr. James F.
Wilson, of Iowa, and Mr. John Y. L. Pruyn,
of New York, tellers on the part of the House
to count the electoral votes for President and
Vice President of the United States.
pension office clerks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
shmdtcd to inquire how far andfor whatreasons clerks
have been discharged in the Pension Office, and ot.ber
appointments made therein, since September 1,1868.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
