1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
Indiana, I believe, has alluded to that report
and to the resolution that was passed. A motion
was made by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] to change the resolution as it
was reported by the committee. H'is motion
did not prevail, and the Senators from that
State were paid from the beginning of the Con-
gress at which they were admitted. It appears,
however, that they were elected in May, 1865,
only a couple of months after the commence-
ment of the Congress.
The Senate, however, at its last session
declined to pass the resolution which I had
introduced, and after consideration adopted
a different resolution which, if I recollect the
terms of it—I cannot lay my hands on it just
now—provided that the Senators from the
reconstructed States should be paid from the
time Congress declared those States to be
entitled to representation. I am not sure about
the language, whether it was from the time the
States were declared entitled to representation
or the time the Senators were elected.
Mr. DRAKE. The time the States were
declared to be entitled to representation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That passed this body
at the last session, after consideration. We
have had before the Committee on the Judiciary
the same proposition at the present session, and
the committee considered it and reported it
back and recommended its indefinite postpone-
ment. We did so upon the ground that the
matter had been once settled. If we are to go
back and reconsider this matter from the begin-
ning, then it should be put upon some ground
of principle and of justice. As I said, I was
willing to pay these Senators from the com-
mencement of the Congress at which they were
admitted, because in the Tennessee case—
against my views—the Senate had so decidcd,
and I regarded it as settled by that. Since
then, however, the Senate has decided differ-
ently and has determined to pay these Senators
from the time their States were declared to be
entitled to representation. Is not that right,
if we are to treat this as an original question?
Mr. FOWLER. Was there such a resolu-
tion passed at the last session of Congress ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was passed at the last
session of Congress, according to my recollec-
tion, and I supposed that disposed of the ques-
tion. After we have considered identically the
same proposition and defeated it by adopting a
different one, I do notknowthat it is strictly in
order to introduce the same m easure over again.
But however that may be, it is now before
us, and if we are to treat it as an original ques-
tion what is the manifest justice and propriety
of the thing? The Senatorfrom Indianasays
he is for doing the same justice to our friends
from the reconstructed States as is done in
other cases. So am I; but is there an instance
anywhere or has there ever been, except in the
solitary instance of the Tennessee Senators,
who were elected within two months of the
commencement of the Congress at which they
were admitted, where anybody has been paid
as the representative of a State which was not
entitled to representation? There is no prece-
dent for that except the Tennessee case, which
was overruled at the last session of Congress.
We have never done it in the admission of Sen-
ators from new States. It was never insisted
on and never done by the Senate in such cases.
I understood the Senator from Indiana to allude
to some case from West Virginia. There is no
precedent for this in the West Virginia case,
when the facts are looked into.
Here persons are elected members of Con-
gress from States, and they are paid from the
timethose States are entitled to representation.
Is not that fair? On what principlecan you go
back? Not on the principle that is cited here
in regard to members who were elected after
the Congress begins. We all know that in some
of the States members of the House of Repre-
sentatives are not elected until after the 4th of
March; in some of the States they are elected
in August, and until within the last two years
the new Congress has not convened until the
following December. The "practice in many of
the States was to postpone the election of Rep-
resentatives until the August preceding the
convening of the Congress, and when those
Representatives were elected they were elected
from States entitled to representation ; they
performed all the service which any member
of Congress performed, because there were no
services to be performed until Congress con-
vened, and they received the pay for the
whole two years. They performed all the ser-
vice of members of Congress who were elected
before the 4th of March. There was a justice
and a propriety in paying them for the whole
time.
But this case is entirely different. These
Senators took no part in the proceedings of
Congress ; a session of Congress was held and
all its duties performed before any of these
Senators were elected. And again, sir, you
and I and every member of this body has to
certify upon his honor how many days he is
absent from the discharge of his duties in the
Senate; and we cannotbe paid if we are absent,
unless for certain specified reasons. That is
the positive law now. When these Senators
are asked to say how many days they have been
absent from the present Congress, will they not
have to say that they were absent all the days
until they were 'admitted here? How could
tbey draw pay ? I cannot draw it nor can you
unless we were hero in attendance.
Mr. STEWART. The morning hour has
expired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday now comes up.
message from this housb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 175) relative to the recent contract
for stationery for the Department of the In-
terior, with an amendment, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1451) for the relief of John
H. Osier, of Guernsey county, Ohio.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolutions of the Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. G44) to amend an act entitled
"An act to prohibit the coolie trade by Amer-
ican citizens in American vessels," approved
February 19, 1862;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 194) authorizing
the transfer of certain appropriations hereto-
fore made for the public printing, binding, and
engraving; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 206) relating to
the mileage of Charles Westmoreland.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the
United States in relation to the encroachments
of the agents of the Hudson Bay Company
upon the trade and territory of Alaska ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
correspondence relative to contemplated ar-
rangements for the temporary subsistence of
the native population of the islands of St. Paul
and St. George, Alaska; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
interior department stationery.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 175) relative to- the recent contract for
stationery for the Department of the Interior,
which was to strike out all of the resolution
after the word " 1868" in line eleven.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not see any objec-
tion to that amendment. Will the Clerk read
the resolution ? It is very short.
The Chief Clerk. The Words proposed- to
be stricken out are as foftows :
And to enter into a contract for the articles men-
tioned in said advertisement With Blanchard &Mo-
hun, the latter being the lowest; 'and host bidders
therefor.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now let the resolution
be read as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Glerk read as follows:
Resolved. &c.. That the Secretary of the Interior
he directed to annul and cancel the, contract mada
by him with Messrs. t>euipscy_&0"JJoolefor supplying
the Department of tho Interior and the several bu-
reaus and offices thereof with stationery for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1SS69, under the advertisement
issued May 25,1868.
The amendment was concurred in.
message from the hocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1738) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent' expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1870;
A bill (H. R. No. 120-4) to confirm certain
private land claims in the State of Missouri;
A bill (II. R. No. 1'2S0) for the relief of
Lieutenant Leonidas Smith, late of the twenty-
second regiment Indiana volunteer infantry ;
A bill (H; R. No. 1588) for the relief of
Solomon Oliver;
A bill (II. R. No. 1867) for the relief of
the Illinois Iron and Bolt Company ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1868) for file relief of H.
A. White ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1869) for the relief of
George C. Haynie ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1870) for the relief of Sec-
ond Lieutenant James Ulio, sixteenth United
States infantry.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 1451) for the relief of John H. Osier,
of Guernsey county, Ohio; anditwas thereupon
signed by the President ■pro tempore of the
Senate.
suffrage constitutional a'mbsdment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, being the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I ask the
Clerk to read the amendment that I submitted
last night; not the one now pending, but the
one which I propose to offer, and on which I
wish to speak.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. Williams in
lieu of the proposed article fifteen, as follows:
Congress shall havo power to abolish or modify
anv restriction upon the right to vote or hold office
prescribed by the constitution or laws of any State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I do not
propose to tax the patience of the Senate with
an elaborate speech, but to make a few remarks
explanatory of the substitute which I propose
for the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. Amendments to the Constitution make
a permanent and inflexible rule of govern-
ment, no matter what changes may occur in
the circumstances or condition of the country;
and, therefore, they ought to be carefully pre-
pared and deliberately considered before they
are adopted. Engaging in this work, we ought
not to confine our vision to the present time
or to the circumstances by which we are imme-
diately surrounded, but we ought to look as
far as we can at the possibilities of the bound-
less future. The amendment reported by th'e
Committee on the Judiciary touches the suf-
frage question only in one aspect, when the
probabilities are that it must be considered in
other aspects at a very early time.
Frequent changes in the Constitution'of the
country ought not lo be made when they can
