TfiE C^QfeESSiaNAL GLOBE.
February 27,
ment of any such contract, proof of the real consid-
eration may fete givyn.
That is not tru'e as regards cdtomercial con-
tracts now under -the law merchant. If the
holder is a bona fide holder he can recover
against the Maker of the note, ho matter what
may be the character of the contract between
him and the party with whom he contracts; but
this section is general in its language. I do not
mean to say that the courts will not apply the
commercial law to that; bat I do mean to say
that this provision opens needlessly a series of
litigations, and if the bill passes with this sec-
tion in it the proper title to give it would be
" A bill to increase litigafron, to impair public
confidence, and to embarrass the operations of
commerce."
There is no necessity whatever for this sec-
ond section. The Supreme Court have covered
it entirely in the principle of their decision,
and the only effect of it would be to limit and
emasculate that decision, and create a wide-
spread series of lawsuits. Then why should
Congress insert it in this bill, which is entitled
"A bill to strengtben the public credit, and re-
lating to contracts for the payment of coin? "
It is a proposition to open the question of con-
sideration in a contract which specifies, no
matter what its nature, between A and B to
pay in coin. Good faith requires the debtor to
pay in coin ; but this section imposes a dis-
ability on the party who makes a contract pay-
able in coin; that is, it imposes upon the party
to whom the coin is payable the farther dis-
ability that exists in no other contract—that in
all cases he may make it a defense at law that
the consideration of the contract was not ad-
justed upon the coin basis. The effect of that
necessarily is to increase litigation ; and so far
from "strengthening the public credit and re-
lating to contracts payable in coin, " if the
second section is retained in the bill it will de-
stroy commercial confidence altogether.
My own belief is that we ought to approxi-
mate to specie payments, and that the decision
of the Supreme Court will tend in that direc-
tion more than anything else, because of the
confidence existing between men when they
begin to deal in their transactions upon the
payment of coin, whether a3 to personal or
real estate. The use of coin, the demand for
it, for the purpose of actual business will have
the same effect that it has had in California,
where all transactions are carried on in coin.
The coin that is now hoarded will come into
use, and the effect of itwillbethatthefinances
of the country will be in a far better position,
because confidence will be restored. Bat this
second section only tends to impair confidence.
I move that it be stricken out; and on that
question I mean to ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ As'this is an important
question, and there is some doubt in the Sen-
ate, perhaps I ought to state briefly why this
section was inserted. The decision of the
Supreme Court does not extend beyond the
mere fact that a contract made payable specifi-
cally in coin, before the legal-tender act took
effect, can be enforced according to its terms.
It does not at all reach the proposition made
in this section. This section declares that any
contract hereafter made specifically payable in
coin shall be enforced according to its terms,
except in certain cases. The criticism made
by my honorable friend from Delaware I think
does apply to the last clause of the section,
and I invite the close attention of Senators to
that, because I think it is subject to an objec-
tion, and if it strikes the minds of others as ft
does my own I think it ought to be stricken
out. The last clause provides that—
On the trial of a suit brought for the enforcement
ofany such contract, proof of the real consideration
may bs given.
Suppose a suit is brought by the holder of a
note without the knowledge of the usury that
enters into the contract. Can the payer of the
Dote set up this usury in order to defeat the
rightof ^ Oonftjtde. holder of a negotiable in-
strument ? If so, that is contrary to the estab-
lished mercantile law which makes the holder
of a negotiable instrument hold his obligation
free from all equities between the original par-
ties to the note. It seems to me that that
last clause may defeat the object of this sec-
tion. The last clause is hot necessary where
a suit is brought between the parties to the
note, because then the real consideration can
be given in evidence as a matter of course
under the rules of comtjion lav/. It would only
apply to cases where the suit is brought by a
third party who may fee entirely innocent. If
he had notice of the usury which entered into
the original contract as a matter of course the
proof of real consideration might be given.
Bat suppose he had not notice, then under this
section his right to sue upon a negotiable in-
strument might be defeated by the want of
equity between the original parties.
It seems to me that the whole object of the
section, which is substantially the same as one
we have passed twice in the Senate, might be
effected by striking out the last clause, and I
think that would make it much clearer. Then
the section would simply provide that the par-
ties may make a contract specifically payable
in gold where the consideration itself was
founded upon gold value. That is precisely
as we passed the same section a year ago twice
in the Senate, and I believe that is the sub-
stance of the second section as it now stands
in the bill, except that the last clause might
enable a debtor to defeat a just claim in the
hands of a bona fide holder, and I believe
would be a departure from the established rule
of commercial law, which protects a negotia-
ble instrument from all defenses between the
original parties. Now, if my friend from
Delaware will modify his motion so as to strike
out the last clause of the second section, I
shall have no objection to it.
Mr. BAYARD. Not with my views. I
cannot agree to modify the motion, because
I do not agree with the honorable Senator. I
think the whole thing unnecessary, in view of
the decision of the Supreme Court. I admitted
in my previous statement that I believed the
contract on which the Supreme Court decided
was mads antecedent to the legal-tender law,
as it is called ; but the principle of the decision
covered all contracts made before or since,
where they were made specifically payable in
coin. I have not a doubt of it. I cannot enter
into that now. I have not the decision before
me ; but I think if it were here I could satisfy
the Senate that there is not a shadow of doubt
that this section is utterly unuecessary; and
therefore, if it is unnecessary, it is injurious.
But, beyond that the honorable Senator de-
sires to put in a modification of my proposition
which shall protect the&onffi,/s<2e holder without
notice. The first class of eases I stated I think
would hardly be covered by that. I have no
objection to that modification if I cannot get
the section stricken out; but I do not see any
necessity for the section itself. I cannot see
why or for what purpose the section should
be introduced at all, except for embarrassment
and to increase litigation and to promote
speculation.
The honorable Senator is mistaken in his
recollection that we passed a bill a year ago like
this in the Senate. The bill that we passed had
no such provision in reference to the question
of consideration. That bill, which the House
never acted upon, simply made legal all con-
tracts that were specifically payable in coin,
nothing more. That was before the decision
of the Supreme Court; but this clause, which
relates to the right to inquire into the consid-
eration where the contract is specifically pay-
able in coin, is entirely the product of this
session, and comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives and never has been proposed by the
Senate. In other words, the bill that you
passed at the last session was totally different
trom this section. It was a proper bill then,
necessarily, because the Supreme Court had
not decided the question of gold contracts: but
useless pow, though I should have no objection
to pa'Ss it in that shape if it Were desired; but
the provision j£s it stands T am utterly opposed
to, abd if it is retained I shall vote against the
bill, although otherwise I should be perfectly
willing to see the first section of the bill passed.
Mr. MORTON. I am myself opposed to
authorizing contracts at this time to be exe-
cuted in coin, but the Supreme Court has made
a decision which will authorize any kind of
contract to be executed in coin. It is true in
that particular case the contract was made
before the legal-tender acts were passed, bat
the reasoning of the Supreme Court does not
place it upon that ground at all, nor does the
dissenting opinion in that case place it upon
that ground. The reasoning of the Supreme
Court is put on the broad ground that there are
two kinds of money that may be used as a legal
tender, what we call United States notes and
gold and silver coin, and that parties have a
right to contract for either kind of this money ;
and the decision is just as applicable to con-
tracts made since the passage of the legal-
tender acts as to those made before. That
being the condition of the question now, under
the decision of the Supreme Court, this bill
ought not to be passed without containing this
provision, because it is a limitation upon the
power to make contracts as decided by the
Supreme Court. It provides that this right to
make contracts shall only be applicable to those
hereafter made. That is a very importantlim-
itation upon the decision of the court. It pro-
vides that contracts to be executed in coin may
not be made in regard to loans of legal-tender
notes or national bank currency, but only for
loans of coin or for sales of property or con-
tracts for labor and service.
Then, being in the nature of a limitation of
the right to make these contracts as held by
the Supreme Court, I think the bill ought not
to pass without containing it. In other words
it is to that extent a limitation of what I re-
gard as an evil. Undoubtedly the objection
mentioned by the Senator from Delaware as
to the concluding part of this section is well
taken. It would authorize the question of
consideration to be gone into although the
paper was held by an iunocent holder who
had taken it for a valuable consideration ; and
in this way it would make all contracts to some
extent uncertain, because it would be import-
ant to the party taking the assignment or the
transfer of paper of that kind to know in ad-
vance what the consideration was, a thing upon
which he could not always be certainly and
well informed. Therefore it would create em-
barrassment in the transfer of negotiable paper.
But, sir, on the other hand, if this condition is
not put in here it will enable all adroit parties
to avoid the whole section. They may for a
loan of paper money in violation of the sec-
tion, by putting it into a negotiable security
defeat the entire section. Therefore, regard-
ing this as a limitation upon the power to make
coin contracts as established by the Supreme
Court, I think if the bill passes it ought to con-
tain this section or something like it.
Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. I movetostrike
out all after the word ''terms" in the eighth
line of the second section. That will leave
the section making a declaration of the gen-
eral principle that gold contracts may be made
without enteringinto the details of proof, which
will be properly regulated by the courts. This
section, as it stands with the words I pro-
pose to strike out, might lead to the difficulty
suggested, that the bona fide holder of nego-
tiable paper without notice before maturity
might be subjected to defenses entering into
the consideration of that note, which, by the
law as it now stands, such holders of negotia-
ble paper are not liable to. Therefore I move
to strike out these words.
The PRESIDENT^?™ fentpofe. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out of the second section the following words:
And on the trial of a suit brought for the enforce-
ment ot any such contract proof of the real consid-
eration may be given.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from N'eW
Jersey tell me: suppose'thesfe words-be stricken
