9W
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
February 5,
tie possibly avoided, for they tepd to destroy
that veneration and r^sjject which the- people
should have for the organic principles of the
Q'tfvenjment, and to'i$4uce them to a level
with the.ittctuatiag.-legislation of the day:
Now, sir, the manifest object of the amend-
ment, as repented -by the Committee' on the
Judiciary, is< tp extend to persona of African
descent in the United States the right to vote
3 d to hold,office; , nd I' claim that the sub-
stitute which I propose will be more effectual
than %e re^jt'.df'tliBCOBimittpe to accomplish
that pWposs.' ;fAny legislation by a State dis-
franchising persona upon the ground of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude would
no doubt be unconstitutional under theamend-
ment reported Ijy the committee if it shall be
adopted.; h«t any legislation by a State ex-
cluding 'any.person or class of persons upon
any ptaer conceivable ground v/ould not con-
{rav^ue1 that amendment. ' Suppose, sir, that
file White' people of a State should be disposed,
having the p^wer, to disfranchise the colored
citizen's of that State, could they not put the
legislation' accomplishing thatj purpose upon
some other ground than upon'that of race or
Color? Suppose, for illustration! the white
people in the State of North Carolina should
determiri^ tot the' black people of that State
were difiloy&l', ftnd should provide by a consti-
tutiorial amendment or by a valid act of legis-
lation.'thalt on Account'p| their disloyalty they
shoiild "be di'sfra'npiiised •/ suppose that tfie
white people of that State should' decide that
the black men were disturbers of the public
peace, and for that reason should be disfrati-.
chised: or suppose the white people of that
State should decide that colored citizens were
enemies to the p,eace and good order of soci-
ety and to the existence of the Government,
and should put the act of disfranchisement
upon that ground, what remedy would exist
under this amendment reported by the commit-
tee ?_ Suppose the people of that State should
provide that no person should vote or hold
office who did not have a freehold qualifica-
tion. Apparently that would operate equally
upon all citizens, but it might practically oper-
ate to exclude nine tenths of the colored per-
sons from the right of suffrage. Where would
bo the remedy ? The State would have exclu-
sive, jurisdiction over these questions, and its
decision would be irreversible by Congress or
any other power; so that if a State should de-
cide that the black people should be disfran-
chised by any legislation not putting it upon
the.ground of color or race, it would be valid
legislation so far as this amendment reported
by the committee isi concerned. 1
Now, sir, persons may be disfranchised for
many reasons, and looking at the history of the
reconstructed States we can find precedents
there for disfranchising persons which might be
employed by the enemies of colored suffrage in
any State of this Union.' Many of the consti-
tutions of the reconstructed States disfranchise
pereons for some antecedent'acts of their lives.
Constitutions are made declaring that a certain
class of persons in those States who, prior to
the adoption of the constitutions, had commit-
ted certain acts shall for that reason be disfran-
chised. Suppose that the white people of a
State should be disposed to disfranchise col-
ored citizens, and should provide by a consti-
tutional amendment or by alaw thatall persons
supporting a certain measure, or that all per-
sons who voted for a certain candidate, should
be disfranchised. While that law ostensibly
would apply to white and black people alike,
it might practically result in the disfranchise-
ment of1 nearly all the colored citizens of the
State, and_ there would be no remedy for that
wrong under the amendment as proposed by
the committee. 1 •
_%It is an old adage thai " where there is a will
there is a way ;I! and I undertake to say that if
this amendment which is proposed by the com-
mittee is adopted the white people of any State
in this Union will possess the constitutional
power to disfranchise' colored citizens ; and
they will only have to put th« act of disfran-
chisement upon some other ground than' that
of color or race.
Now, sir, suppose the substitute, that I pro-,
pose is adopted, Congress can at any timp; if
the white people of any State in any way which
they may devise undertake to digfranphise
colored citizens, correct that wrongful and op-
pressive legislation and maintain in every State
of. this Union the equal,political rights of all
classes of citizens. Suppose this substitute
which I have proposed should become a part
of the Constitution, then Congress could pro-
ceed and remove in every State of this Union
those restrictions upon the right of suffrage, or
the right to hold office, which, in the judgment
of this enlightened nation as developed through
its representatives in Congress, are unjust and
oppressive upon any class of persona. Take,
for illustration, the State of Maryland, which
now, by its constitution and laws, excludes
colored citizens from the elective franchise.
Congress,' if the amendment which I suggest
should be adopted, could proceed by legislation
and provide that the colored citizens of that
State ghould enjoy equal rights with the white
citizens thereofand so with any other State
in this Onion; and it would be within the power
of Congress tQ adapt its legislation to the cir-
cumstances of the people of .each State. It is
not altogether certain that any rule upon the
subject of suffrage ought to be absolute and
uuphangeable in its application to every locality
in the United States, and to every period of
time.
It is ohjected that Congress might repeal
this law. Thatistrue; but, sir, this is object-
ing to many positive, practical advantages
upon the ground of very improbable action.
Sqpppse Congress had the power to-day to say
that the black people of the State of Maryland
should exercise the right of suffrage, what
would follow ? When they became possessed
of this povsrer the black people there, associ-
ating themselves in the same political organi-
zation with those who believe in the equal right
of suffrage, would proceed and revise the con-
stitution and laws of that State and fix in the
fundamental principles of its government this
doctriije of equal suffrage ; and when it was
so fixed by the action of the State authorities
it would be entirely beyond the right of Con-
gress to chauge or a,ffect it.
If Congress should, pass alaw enfranchising
the colored citizens of this country ^fhat are
the probabilities of therepeal of any.such law?
Congress has enfranchised the black people of
the District of Columbia and of every Terri
tory in the United States, and where is the
man who has ever suggested or advocated the
repeal of that law? Is there any more proba-
bility if a law of this kind was passed applic-
able to a State that it would be repealed
than there is that those laws which we have
already enacted for the District of Columbia
and the Territories of the United States will
be repealed? Is there any more danger in
putting this merely supervisory power into the
hands of Congress as to the States than there
is in conferring absolute power upon Congress
as to the District of Columbia and the Terri-
tories?
Sir, suffrage never takes any backward steps;
and jf Congress should once pass a law enfran-
chising the black people of this country there
is no human probability that the law would ever
be repealed. Look at the existing circum-
stances of the country. Eighteen or twenty of
the States now by their constitutions allow
colored citizens to vote and to hold office, and
those constitutions and laws are beyond the
reach of Congress, and they would remain
beyond the reach of Congress if the amend-
ment that I propose should be adopted. If such
a thing is possible, if the enemies of colored
suffrage should obtain the ascendency in Con-
gress, is it probable that they would repeal a
law giving suffrage to the black men in four or
five States of this Union when they would know
that by that very act they would array against
themselves in solid phalanx the black voters
of these eighteen or twenty States? It has
been suggested, and it is the only objection I
have heard to the amendment which I propose,
that possibly .the Democratic party might obtain
the ascendancy in Congress and repeal any such
law ; but, sir, the history of the late presidential
election shows that the Democratic party is as
anxious to secure the suffrage'of black men as
the Republicans or any other political organi-
zation in this country.
Now, sir, the amendment as reported by the
committee relates exclusively to one class of
persons. A proposition is made here to amend
the Constitution,of the United States for the
benefit of one class of people, while the amend-
ment that I suggest is equally for the benefit
of all classes. Sir, I sympathize with the black
people of this country, who have been enslaved,
oppressed^ and degraded, and I would do every-
thing in my power, by means of education or
by the extension of civil and political rights,
to elevate them to a higher plane of existence.
But is it perfectly certain that at no future time
any other class of persons will be subjected to
political burdens and disabilities in the United
States? Contemplate this country, its great
extent, its different sections, and its diversified
interests, and is it perfectly clear in the light
of our experience that conflicts may not arise
between different States and different sections
of the country which may eventuate in pre-
scriptive legislation as to classes of persons
not included in the committee amendment?
Sir, the experience of this nation has been very
much like the experience of other nations, and
the probabilities are that we shall run the same
career in many respects that other nations have
run. Within the last few years we have had a
terrific civil war in this country by which one
section of the nation has been arrayed against
the other. Is it perfectly certain that at no
future time in the unbounded future other re-
bellions may not occur by which or in conse-
quence of which one portion of the white peo-
ple embittered against another may not seek
its oppression ?
Suppose that the rebels of the southern
States, unrestrained by fear or force, had been
left to themselves, is it not probable to sup-
pose that they would have imposed upon the
loyal white, people of the South political bur-
dens and disabilities for the purpose of grati-
fying the revengeful feelings engendered in the
rebellion? Look at the constitutions of these
reconstructed States and some other constitu-
tions that have been made in consequence of
the rebellion and you will find- there that the
loyal people of those States have adopted pro-
visions disfranchising a certain class of white
persons. I do not criticise, those proceedings
or complain of them, for perhaps they were
necessary at the time of their adoption ; but
I do say that there is some danger that the
party adopting those provisions for the pur-
pose of perpetuating its political ascendency
may continue them when the exigencies that
required their adoption have passed away, and
therefore there may be a necessity for some
supervisory power in the hands of Congress.
I refer to what has transpired in the lately
rebellious^ States not so much for the purpose
of approving or condemning as to illustrate
the probabilities of the great future, and to
argue that in time to come there may be in-
surrections, rebellions, and civil wars in this
Country when it may become necessary for
Congress to interpose to protect one class of
white persons from oppressive and unjust legis-
lation toward another class of white persons.
Is it not possible that contending factions in a
State may become so inimical to each other as
to undertake, by proscriptive legislation, to
put one or the other faction down and to build
up one or the other faction ? Congress may
be supposed to be removed from the excite-
ments and passions that may be found to pre-
vail in any locality or any State, and may pro-
ceed deliberately and wisely to provide for
just and impartial legislation for all classes
and^ conditions of people.
Sir, there is an immense tide of emigration
from Europe pouring upon our shores. Hun-
