1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
901
dreds of thousands arrive here every year. In
some States of the Union they constitute one
third, and perhaps nearly one half of the pop-
ulation. I welcome these immigrants to our
country, and hope that the tide may not dimin-
ish, bat may increase in power and in force.
But, sir, is it perfectly certain that the time
may never come when bitter controversies will
arise between native-born and foreigii-boru
citizens of the United States? May it not so
happen that for some reason or another, in a
State where the citizens are, perhaps, equally
divided between Germans and Americans, a
coritroversy may arise by which those having
the majority may seek to impose political dis-
abilities upon the niinority ? Is it perfectly
certain that it may never happen in some State
of this Union where the Irish constitute a large
element of the population that American citi-
zens may not seek in some way to impose polit-
ical disabilities upon them and deprive them
of their just share of political power as nat-
uralized citizens of the United States? I do
not speak of these things as probabilities but
as possibilities ; and I say there ought to be
a power in Congress to control this spirit if it
should ever arise.
Sir, a few years ago there was a political
party in this country calling themselves the
American or Know-Nothing party which was
prompted by a spirit that would, if it had pos-
sessed the power, have imposed upon the
naturalized citizens of these United States
political burdens and disabilities. Can any
man undertake to say that such a spirit in the
future may not develop itself in some section
or in some State that will need the controlling
power of Congress?
Mr. President, all nations that have lived
and filled a place in history have been sub-
jected more or less to religious wars, and
everybody familiar with history knows that a
religious war exceeds all others in the intensity
of its animosities and bitterness of feeling. I
clo not say that it is probable that there will
ever be a religious war in the United States;
but is it perfectly certain that the time may
never come when Protestants and Catholics
may be arrayed against each, not only in the
field of polemics, but perhaps upon the bloody
field of strife? Or is it perfectly certain that
one Protestant sect may not be arrayed against
another, and that these controversies, bitter
and malignant as they will be, may not be
carried into the political arena and eventuate
in the political proscription of one church
by another ? I hope that nothing of that kind
will ever occur in these United States; but no
man can undertake to say that our history in
the future will be different from the history of
all other nations in that respect.
Mr. President, several years ago an agitation
commenced in this country upon the question
of suffrage that has culminated in the propo-
sition to give suffrage to all the colored citizens
of the United States; and upon the heels of
this agitation follows another. Every day Sen-
ators appear here loaded down with petitions
asking Congress to provide by a constitutional
amendment that the women of the United
States may enjoy equal suffrage with the men.
Under this amendment as I propose it, if the
State of Kansas, which appears to be the
pioneer State upon all questions of this na-
ture, should memorialize Congress to pass a
law striking the word "male" from her con-
stitution, and her two Senators here should sup-
port that memorial, as I have no doubt they
would, Congress could try the experiment of
female suffrage in that State, and it could then
be determined whether or not it would be advis-
able to extend the law to every State in this
Union. Icannotdivest myself of theeonviction
at this time that the experiment would he an
unfortuate one for all concerned. I cannot
now persuade myself that even the women, if
they were to try this experiment, would be
fully satisfied with it atid would meet with all
that power and happiness which some of them
so fondly anticipate from the exercise of such
a right.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will not
take it as an interruption, I should be glad to
ask a single question. I will not interrupt
him unless he is willing to be interrupted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to hear the
question.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to ask the
Senator upon what he bases the right to vote
in this country under our form of government?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not discussing the
right of anybody to vote, and I do not propose
to be drawn into the discussion of that very
profound question at this time ; but I am sim-
ply saying that I am apprehensive that the
women themselves, if they were to try this ex-
periment, wonld not be as fully satisfied with
it as some of them expect to be. I may be
mistaken in that opinion, and I will say to the
Senator that I have no theory whatever upon
the subject of suffrage. Whenever, in my judg-
ment, it is right or proper that any person or
class of persons should exercise that right;
whenever, in my judgment, it will conduce to
the welfare of the country and the happiness
and peace of all concerned, I am for extend-
ing suffrage everywhere and to everybody to
accomplish that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
just now to say that he thought it might be well
to have one qualification for suffrage in one
State and one in another. I inferred, there-
fore, that he had no specific basis to rest the
right of suffrage upon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not exactly say what
the Senator represents. I say that whether or
not female suffrage in the United States will be
of advantage to women does not depend on any
speculation of man, but upon practical experi-
ment, and if it should be tried in one State, as
it might be under the amendment I propose,
and found to be a success and satisfactory to
all concerned, then by an act of Congress it
might be extended to all the States.
Mr. POMEROY. The remark to which I
alluded' was not made in reference to women,
but in reference to men, that there might be a
State or a location where restricted suffrage
might be best for men. That was the point I
had in my mind, inferring, as I said, that the
Senator did not base the right of suffrage to men
upon any specific basis.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do not place it upon
any specific basis, except upon the public good
and the best interests of all concerned.
Mr. POMEROY. Who judges ofthe public
Mr. WILLIAMS. Who judges ofthe public
good upon any question of constitutional law,
or upon any act of legislation ?
Mr. POMEROY. My point is, what makes
one citizen a better judge than another?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not say that one
citizen is a better judge than another, but while
the Senator seems very anxious to draw me
into a controversy in reference to the question
of right, I know that he dare not vote to-day to
give every man in the United States the right
of suffrage or the right to hold office. If an
amendment was proposed now, providing that
every foreigner, no matter from what country,
as soon as he put his foot upon American soil,
should have a right to vote and hold office, I
know that the Senator would violate his beau-
tiful theory and refuse to support any such
amendment. So far as liis theory relates to all
citizens I will say that every child, as soon as it
is born upon American soil, becomes a citizen.
Men, women, and children, all are citizens;
and if you deny the right to make any limita-
tions upon suffrage then all should exercise
the right to vote and all should be eligible to
office. But, sir, I do not propose to discuss that
question. I should think the Senator would
prefer the amendment that I propose; for if at
any time it be the will of the American people,
as it may be, that the women in this country
shall enjoy the elective franchise, it will only be
necessary for the people to express that will
through the legislation of Congress, anditwill
be accomplished. I do not know but that I
may be mistaken in my views of this question.
I know I have beerf' mistaken ab'out many mat-
ters of this ndtu'#e; .{mt I only,propose" "to ex-
press the apprehension that the woriien3 wheti
they have tried .this experiment,'-may; co;ne to
feel like a romantic boyg'oing to thewjtfr, dream-
ing of greatness and glory, fcut.fiWing in tlie
sufferings and sacrifices of the mai-bit, the* camp,
and the battle, a strong desire to go bacfc'ag&m
to the quiet and happy hotoe of his'bojKoo'd*
Mr. President, I have referred to the tid'4'df
immigration' pouring into this country from Eu-
rope, and upon that immigration I propose to.
putno political or other restrictions or burdens.
But there is another tide of immigration' flow-
ing into this country from Asia, and spreading,
iteelf upon the Pacific shores of this Republic.
Now, if a constitutional amendment is adopted
to the effect that all political distinctions as to
race and color shall be forever abolished in the
United States, of course it will follow that the
Chinese who are coming here by thousands
every year will find no constitutional obstacle
to the exercise by them of the elective fran-
chise and to the right to hold office.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Sfenator if that
could be accomplished unless we allowed them
to be naturalized ? This applies only to cit-
izens.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know that would not fol-
low unless the naturalization laws are changed;
but if the Constitution of the United States caa
be changed so as to abolish all political dis-
tinctions on account of race and color, how
easily, upon the same principle, will it be to'
change the naturalization Iaw3. And would.'
not consistency require us to change" the natu-
ralization laws and make them conformable
upon principle to the provisions of the Consti-
tution?
Now, sir, there, are, I suppose, at this timo
about one hundred thousand Chinese in the
Pacific States and Territories, and every ship
that comes across the Pacific brings its hun-
dreds and lands them upon our shores. They
are a people who do not or will not learn our
language; they cannot or will not adopt «ar
maimers or customs and modes of life; they
do not amalgamate with ourpeople ; they-con-
stitute a distinct and separate nationality, an
imperium in iniperio—China in the United
States; and, sir, they are and. continue to be
the ignorant and besotted d§vote.6s of abso-
lutism in politics and the blind disciples of
paganism in religion.
Sir, conceive the condition of things upon
the Pacific coast if the governments of the
States there were delivered into the hands of
such a people. Suppose that the control of
all GUI' educational and religious institutions
was transferred to the hands of these people,
what would be the con's&juences to that por-
tion of the Republic? Everybody ,ha& heard
of the exhaustless population's of China, and
if sufficient inducements are held out they may
come to this country, not only by thousands
but by millions, and it would be a very easy
thing if by coming they could obtain political
power for the Chinese to take possession of
every State and Territory on the Pacific coast
and appropriate the productions of that'beau-
tiful, interesting, and valuable region, of the
Republic to their exclusive benefit and use._
I hope, sir, that this nation will not bind
itself hand and foot for all coming time, and
deliver itself up to the political filth and moral
pollution that are flowing with a fearfully in-
creasing tide into our country from the shores
of Asia.
Under the amendment that I propose each
State can regulate the right of suffrage or the
right of holding office for itself, subject to the
supervising power of Congress, and if any
laws should be enacted by a State governed
by local passions or prejudices unjust to any
portion of the people, Congress could inter-
vene to abrogate or modify those laws so as to
make them just and right in their operation.
Sir, this is not so much of an attack upon
the rights of the Stales as the amendment pro-
posed by the committee, for unless in the judg-
ment of the nation some constitutional nrovis-
