iam.
THE OONaBlSSIOIfiLi/
oat, upon whom will betbe burden of proof rest
to show what the consideration of a contract is
which on its face is payable in eoin?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is a-ques-
tion which it would take a great while to an-
swer. It is a question which would he settled
by the general principle of law, by the court
doubtless applying these general principles of
law when tbe case arose. In the case of negoti-
able paper ia the hands of a bona fide,bolder
for value before due it would imply that it was
a gold contract if the .contract so stated, and
it would be on the defendant to prove that it
was not. In tbe case -of choses in action the
law would be different, although there the, party
making the contract would be estopped by the
terms of the contract as between the first con-
tracting parties. >
Mr. HOWE.. Do I understand:the Senator
that a contract on its face payable in coin
would import that the consideration, was set-
tled upon a coin basis ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If it was com-
mercial paper held by a bona fide holder for
value before due, yes.
Mr. HOWE. Suppose it was held by the
payee ?
Mr. SHERMAN. If it was held by the
payee, as a matter of course the consideration
could be inquired into without this clause,
because the consideration is always open as
between the parties to the contract and never
closed except in favor of the bona fide holder
of a negotiable instrument, so that without the
clause the consideration could be inquired
into.
Mr. HOWE. I find that the Senator from
Ohio differs from my friend from New Jersey
and other friends about me in the interpreta-
tion of the law as it would be if this amend-
ment were adopted. If the Senator from Ohio
gives the right interpretation of it, let me sug-
gest whether it would not be better, instead of
striking out these words, to add words which
would save the rights of innocent indorsees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Wisconsin that there can be no doubt
that as between the original parties to the con-
tract the consideration could be inquired into
&s a matter of course and as matter of law.
Mr. HOWE. But is the Senator warranted
in saying that there cannot be any doubt on
that when it is positively denied by two law-
yers right about me of v.ery,eminent standing?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have never heard that
denied, and I presume the Senator misunder-
stood the Senator from New Jersey,^because
the consideration of a contract is always open
between the parties to it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The presump-
tion would be, between the maker and the
payee, that the contract was what it stated to
be, but the .consideration would be open to
investigation.
Mr. HOWE. The consideration is simply
to pay.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. To pay in coin.
Mr. HOWE. The contract is to pay in coin.
The consideration is a distinct thing. When
■I promise for value received to pay a certain
sum of money now, neither the law nor the
courts trouble themselves about what the par-
ticular character of the consideration is. If
the contract says that there is a consideration,
that is enough on which to render judgment.
But your bill proposes to say that if the con-
sideration is of a particular character and the
promise is of a particular character, then the
judgment .shall be of a particular kind. The
contract on its face will show what the promise
is; it may not show on its face what the con-
sideration is. What I wish to know is, if you
strike out these words upon whom is the bur-
den of proof to show what the consideration
is? If the consideration is on a coin basis and
the promise is to pay in coin payment is to be
made in coin ; but who shall show whether the
consideration is of that kind or not when the
paper is in the hands of the payee?
. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The presump-
tion is that it is in eoin.
Mr. TRUMBULL.' Prima facie, it is pay-;
able in coin if it sayp Bo.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, Like the lav
of proving consideration in any other contract.
If we strike out these words it leaves the law
in reference to consideration, to apply to these
as to all other contracts, : .
Mr. HOWE. I did hot understand the Seo-
ator so before. : ;'
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I will not
occupy any time; but I think I can convince
ttiy friend from Wisconsin that it is better to
strike out these words. I am sure be, must
rejnember,, althppgh both of us left th§ law a
good while ago, that as applied to contracts
that are made invalid by statutes ofparticular
characters, as between the original parties to
the contracts they are prima facie valid if they
appear to be so on their face. But that is
merely a question of evidence. The defend-
ant may go into evidence to show that the con-
tract was of a character that the statute did
not warrant, and if he succeeds in making that
out he prevails. That is perfectly simple a?
between the original partjes to the contract.
.Then, when you come to an indorsee of nego-
tiable paper he is protected'by the general
principles of law under a statute like this and
under all statutes where the statute does not
say in terms that the contract shall be abso-
lutely nail and void if he'can show that he took
the paper while it was .-current for value and
without notice. Now, leavifig it on the general
principles oflaw.thatare perfectly well settled
as applied to each particular case which can
possibly arise, we make no confusion at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of tbe Senator from
Delaware to strike out the second section. On
that motion the Senator,from Delaware calls
for the yeas and. nays.
The yeas and nay3 were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it in order to move
an amendment to the section now before the
vote is taken on striking out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly:
before it is stricken out it can be amended.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to .amend the
section by .striking out all after the word
" coin'' in line two to " labor1', in line seven.
The latter clause has already been stricken out
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the second section by striking out the words;
And the consideration of which may be a 1 oan of
coin or a sale of property or the rendering of labor
or service oi any kind, the price of which, as carried
into the contract, may'have been adjusted on the
basis of the coin value thereof at the time of such
sale or the rendering of such service or labor.
So that if amended the section will read :
And be it further enacted. That any contract here-
after made specifically payablcin coin shall be legal
and valid, and may be enforced according to its
terms.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire before the ques-
tion is put on that to state that while I would
be myself willing to see the simple declaration
made as wc sent it to the House of Represent-
atives last year, yet I do believe such an amend-
ment might endanger the passage of the bill in
the other House. I do not think the .vords as
they stand change very materially but rather
modify and limit tbe power to make contracts,
and they were put in there as a limitation, and
the reason why the Senate bill was defeated was
simply because it did not contain some guards
against usury. Under the circumstances, I
think, rather than .endanger this bill, we had
better take the section asit stands. It is right
in itself. This law ought not to be made a pre-
text for usury, harsh contracts, or injurious
stipulations. It should not be made the ground-
work of transferring a currency obligation to a
gold obligation.unless a specie consideration
was the foundation. Therefore I would leave
the matter in that respect with the guards pro-
vided by the House. I shall vote against the
amendment.
■ • Mr, FESS-E NDJpN.;: I have n ever .been abl®
tcii see any reason why *h«.people of this coun-
try should not be ,permitted to make theif con-
tracts Just as they choose to snake them. , Why
shoulq wg limit them in th.ig matter? People
can protect themselves. 1 see no dangpr'un^er
(his bill as proposed to be amended^ that one
class of the community will be injured by
Slither, which is-the argument urged with,so
much force by the honorable Senator from
Indiana. , , , , v
It ,may be always the case that it is ia the
power of one man to impose on another j but
I do not think that granting the power to th$
community to make- their contracts as they
please, with reference to such medium of pay-
ment as they please, will increase that danger
in any ,way whatever. At any rate, t£e .possi-
bility of evil from sucha source as that is not,
in my judgment, to be compared to the trouble
that is brought upon the business community
by attempting to provide a limit to their power
to make such contracts as they ttiihk suitable
to themselves. For that reason I have always
been infavo.r of this proposition, and I aiji more
especially in favor of it now, to allow it to an
unlimited extent in the fullest possible terms,
precisely as we allow anything else, for the
simple reason that I believe its effect is to be
very beneficial in hastening the return of what
we all profess to desire—not all, perhaps, but
the greater portion of the community—a return
to specie payments. I see no sort of object in
making these limitations. They are very trifling
in themselves, and I do no.t think the argument
we hear so much of with reference to general
legislation of this kind, that we may endanger
the bill by adopting a sensible proposition to
which I think the House has shown itself
sufficiently committed, is of much force in this
case. I believe the bill passed the other .House
by a very large majority; I do not know, pre-
cisely how much; but I presume the limita-
tions, if they m^y be called limitations, that are
on this section did not influence the mind of
anybody in voting upon the genera! question.
Therefore, although I should not have moved
it, because I do not like to interfere with bills
coming from committees which have considered
them carefully, the Amendment being moved,
I cannot avoid expressing my entire agreement
with the honorable Senator from Missouri,
that it is better to put this on the broadest basis,
and simply let the people of this country make
their contracts payable in what they please.
There is no reason why they should not make
their contracts payable in any coin just as well
as make their contracts payable in every sort
of merchandise that they choose to promise to
.deliver.
Mr. CQNKLING. Mr. President, I should
be greatly grieved to see anything imposed
upon this bill which would retard its progress
or endanger its success in either House, be-
cause I rejoice that at last the day has come
wheji Congress is about to say that, taking
honesty, integrity, and the force of obliga-
tionsasthe rule, the Government of the United
States is to acknowledge and pay that which
it honestly owes. But 1 cannot think that an
amendment such as the Senator from Missouri
proposes will endanger the fate of the bill.
My opinion is founded on tbe reasons which
have been assigned by the honorable Senator
from Maine and a further reason which 1 will
state. The Senator from Ohio argues that by
.dispensing with the words the amendment pro-
poses to strike out some danger by way of
imposition or exaction will arise under tbe
enaetment which as it stands now would be
excluded. I cannot see that, Mr. President,
at all.
The argument supposes that the creditor ia
to attempt extortion on the debtor. Is there
anything in the section- as it stands now likely
to be a barrier against that? Look at one
provision; these contracts under the proposed
language may always be made for the sale of
property. Is there a door wider than that?
Suppose one man wishes to lend money to
another and take back an agreement obligating
