902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
ion or law iti a State is unjust Congress would
not undertake to interfere ; and I beg to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that
Congress has no power under the amendment
I propose to impose any political disabilities
or restrictions—no other power except to ex-
tend the right of s.uffrage. In view of the
right as it is, is there any danger that Congress
will'abuse this power and extend the right of
suffrage to too many persons contrary to the
wishes of any particular locality or State?
Mr. President, I have endeavored to explain
my amendment, and I hope that Senators be-
fore they reject it will see if it has not the
merit of comprehension and adaptability to
all the possible changes of the country. I
hope they will look at it, not only in the light
of to-day, but in the light of all history, and
determine if it be not safer and wiser to put a
supervisory power in Congress over suffrage
than tofixan inflexible and narrow rule upon
the subject .that may be found insufficient and
impracticable in the future developments of
our history.
Mr. SUMNER. In the construction of a
machine the good mechanic seeks the simplest
process, producing the desired result with the
greatest economy of time and force. I know
no.better rule for Coagress on the present
occasion. We are mechanics, and the machine
we are Constructing has for its object the con-
servation of Equal Rights. Surely, if we are
wise, we shall seek the simplest process, pro-
ducing the desired result with the greatest
economy of time and force. How widely Sena-
tors are departing from this rule will appear
before I have done.
Rarely have I entered upon any debate in
this Chamber with a sense of sadness so heavy
as oppresses me at this moment. It was sad
enough to be compelled to meet the champions
of Slavery, as in other days they openly vindi-
cated the monstrous pretension and claimed
for it the safeguard of the Constitution, insist-
ing that Slavery was national and Freedom sec-
tional. But this was not so sad, as now after a
bloody war with Slavery, and its defeat on the
battle-field, to bo compelled to ipeet the cham-
pions of a kindred pretension, for which they
claim the safeguard of the Constitution, insist-
ing also, as in the case of Slavery, upon State
Rights. The familiar vindication of Slavery in
those early debates was less sickening than"the
vindication now of the intolerable pretension,
that a State constituting a part of the Nation,
and calling itself " republican," is entitled to
shut out any citizen from participation in gov-
ernment, simply on account of race or color.
To denominate such a pretension as intolerable
expresses very inadequately the extent of its
absurdity and the utfccrness of its repugnance
to ail good principles, whether of reason,
morals, or government.
I make no question with individual Senators •
I make no personal allusion; but I meet the
odious imposture, as I met the earlier imposture,
with indignation and contempt, naturally ex-
cited by anything unworthy of this Chamber
and unworthy of the Republic. How it can
appearhereand find Senators willing to assume
the stigma of its championship is more than I
can comprehend. Nobody ever vindicated
Slavery, who did not lay up a store of regret for
himself and children ; and permit me to say
now nobody can vindicate Caste, whether civil
or political, the direct offspring of Slavery, as
beyond the reach of national prohibition, with-
out laying up a similar store of regret. Death
may happily come to remove the champion
from the judgment of the world; but history
will make its faithful record, to be read with
sorrow hereafter. Do not complain if I speak
strongly. The occasion requires it. I seek to
save the benate from participation in an irra-
tional ana degrading pretension.
Others may be cool and indifferent; but I
have warred with Slavery too long not to be
aroused when this old enemy shows its head
under another alias. It was once Slavery : it
,I0W Caste ; and the same excuse is assigned
now as then. It was in the name of State
Rights, that Slavery, with all its brood of
wrong, was upheld ; and it is now in the name
of State Rights, that Caste, fruitful also in
wrong, is upheld. The old champions reap-
pear, under other names, and from other
States, each crying out, that, under the na-
tional Constitution, notwithstanding even its
supplenientary amendments, a State may, if
it pleases, deny political rights on account of
race or color aud thus establish that vilest
institution, a Caste and an Oligarchy of the
skin, _
.This perversity, which to a careless observer
seems so incomprehensible, is easily under-
stood when it is considered that the present
generation grew up under an interpretation of
the national Constitution, supplied by the up-
holders of slavery. State Rights were exalted
and the nation was humbled, because in this
way Slavery might be protected. Anything
for Slavery was constitutional. Such is the
lesson we were taught. How often it has
sounded through this Chamber and been pro-
claimed in speech and law ! Under its influ-
ence the right of petition was denied, the atro-
cious Fugitive Slave Bill was enacted, and the
claim was advanced that Slavery traveled with
the flag of the Republic. Vain are all our
victories, if this terrible rule is not reversed,
so_ that State Rights shall yield to Human
Rights, and the nation be exalted as the bul-
wark of all. This will be the crowning victory
of the war. Beyond all question the true rule
under the national Constitution, especially
since its additional amendments, is that any-
thing for Human Rights is constitutional.
Yes, sir; against the old rule, anything for
slavery, I put the new rule, anything for
Human Rights.
Sir, I do not declare this rule hastily and I
know the presence in which I speak. I am
surrounded by lawyers, and now I challenge
any one or all to this debate. I invoke the dis-
cussion. On an occasion less important, Lord
Chatham, after saying, that he came not with
the statute-book doubled down in dog's ears
to defend the cause of Liberty; that he relied
on a general principle, a constitutional princi-
ple, exclaimed, "It is a ground on which I
stand firm; a ground on which I dare meet
any man." In the same spirit I would speak
now. No learning in books, no skill acquired
in courts, no sharpness of forensic dialectics,
no cunning in splitting hairs, can impair the
vigor of the constitutional principle which I
announce. Whatever you enact for Human
Rights is constitutional. There can be no
State Rights against Human Rights ; and this
is the supreme law of the land, anything in
the constitution or laws of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding.
A State exercises its proper function, when,
within its own jurisdiction, it administers local
law, watches local interests, promotes local
charities, and, by its local knowledge, brings the
guardianship of government to the homes of its
citizens. Such is the proper function of the
State, by which we are saved from that cen-
tralization which is elsewhere so absorbing.
Buta State transcends its proper function, when
it interferes with those equal rights, whether
civil or political, which by the Declaration of
Independence, and repeated texts of the na-
tional Constitution, are under the safeguard
of the nation. The State is local in its char-
acter, and not universal. Whatever is justly
local belongs to its cognizance; whatever is
universal belongs to the nation. But what can
be more universal than the Rights of Man?
Such they have been declared by our fathers,
and this axiom of Liberty nobody can dispute.
Listening to the champions of Caste and Oli-
garchy under the National Constitution, and
perusing their writings, I think that I under-
stand the position which they take. With as
much calmness as I can command, I have
noted what they have to say in speech and in
print. I know it all. I do not err when I
say, that this whole terrible and ignominious
pretension is traced to a direct and bare-faced
perversion ofthe National Constitution. Search
history, study constitutions, examine laws, and
you will find no perversion more thoroughly
revolting. By the National Constitution it is
provided, that " the electors in each State shall
have the qualifications requisite for electors
of the most numerous branch of the State
Legislature," thus seeming to.refer the primary
determination of what are called "qualifica-
tions" to the States; and this is reehforced by
the further provision, that "the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for Senators
and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof; but the Con-
gress may at any time bylaw make or alter such
regulations." This is all. On these simple
texts, conferring plain and intelligible powers,
the champions insist that "color" may be
made a "qualification;" and that, under the
guise of "regulations," citizens, whose only
offense is a skin not colored like our own, may
be shut out from political rights; and that in
this way a monopoly of rights, being at once a
Caste and an Oligarchy of the skin, is placed
under the safeguard of the National Constitu-
tion. Such is the case of the champions ; this
is their stock in trade. With all their learning,
all their subtlety, all their sharpness, this is
what they have to say in behalf of an infamous
pretension under the National Constitution.
Everything from them begins and ends in a
perveision of two words, '• qualifications" and
" regulations."
Now, to this perversion I oppose a point-
blank denial. These two words are not justly
susceptible of any such signification, especially
in a national constitution, which is to be inter-
preted always, so that Human Rights shall not
suffer. I do not stop now for dictionaries.
The case is too plain. A "qualification" is
something that can be acquired. A man is
familiarly said "to qualify" for an office. No-
thing can be a "qualification," which is notin
its nature attainable, as residence, property,
education or character, each of which is within
the possible reach of well-directed effort. Color
cannot be a 1 'qualification.'' If the prescribed
"qualification" were color of the hair or coior
of the eyes, all would see its absurdity ; but it
is none the less absurd, when it is the color of
skin. Here is an unchangeable condition, im-
pressed by Providence. Are we not reminded
that the leopard cannot change his spots or
the Ethiopian his skin? These, are two
examples of enduring conditions. Color is a
quality derived from nature. Buta "quality"
is very different from a "qualification." A
quality, inherent in man and a part of himself,
can never be a "qualification" in the sense of
the national Constitution. On other occasions
I have cited authorities and shown how this
attempt to foist into the national Constitution
a pernicious meaning is in defiance of all ap-
proved definitions as it is plainly repugnant to
reason, justice, and common sense.
The same judgment must be pronounced
on the attempt to found this outrage upon the
power to make " regulations," as if this word
had not a limited signification, which renders
such a pretension impossible. "Regulations"
are nothing but rules applicable to a given mat-
ter ; they concern the manner in -which a busi-
ness shall be conducted, and, when used with
regard to elections, are applicable to what may
be^ cajled incidents, in contradistinction to the
principal, which is nothing less than the right
to vote. A power to regulate is not a power
to destroy or to disfranchise. In an evil hour,
Human Rights may be struck down: but it
cannot be merely by "regulations." The pre-
tension, that under such an authority, this great
wrong may be done, is another illustration of
the extravagance which the champions do not
shrink from avowing.
The whole structure of Caste and Oligarchy
founded on two words may be dismissed. It
is hard even to think of it without impatience;
to speak of it without denouncing it as unworthy
of human head or human heart. There are
honorable Senators who shrink from any direct
argument op these two words, and, wrapping
themselves in pleonastic phrase, content them-
