1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2ft?
to refer to this official paper—some question
was raised as to whether this bill changed the
law as ft now stands. Some members took
the ground that, the law was already well un-
derstood, that the bonds were to be paid in
gold,, and that in voting for this bill they only
voted to declare the law to be so. That was
the opinion of some. One distinguished mem-
ber from New York took that ground. I do
not undertake to say whether that is the law
or not. I intend to vote for the bill; and I
beg leave to say, if it is proper to refer to it,
that I find by the official report in the Globe
that all the members in the other House from
roy own State agreed in supporting the bill. I
was glad to see it. I was glad to see that
there was no party division so far as the mem-
bers from the State which I have the honor in
part to represent are concerned in the other
body on this subject; that there was a unani-
mous support of the bill; that those of the one
party and those of the other party agreed in
voting for the bill. The four votes from Con-
necticut were given for it. I shall vote for the
bill, and if my colleague does so also the vote
of Connecticut will be given for it here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I inquire if a motion to
amend that part of the section which the Senator
from Missouri proposes to strike out would be
in order at this time?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would
be, in the opinion of the Chair. The matter to
be stricken out may be first amended before it
is stricken out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend that
portion of the section by inserting between the
words "shall" and "be," in the seventh line,
the word " only so that the section will
read:
That any contract hereafter made specifically pay-
able in com, and the consideration of which may be
a loan of coin or a sale of property or the render-
ing of labor or service of any kind, the price ol' which
as carricd into the contract may hare been adjusted
on the basis of the coin value thereof at the time of
such sale or the rendering of such service or labor,
shall only be legal and valid, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order now.
It is not an amendment to the matter pro-
posed to be stricken out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I see it does not relate
to it; but I wish to make one or two remarks
on the motion submitted by the Senator from
Missouri.
Now, sir, this bill taken as a whole must be
construed as legislation in favor of the cred-
itof^lass of the country, and in that point of
view it seems to me it would not be improper to
consider that there is another very large clas3
of people in this country called the debtor class,
and that they are entitled to some considera-
tion. This section proposes to make contracts
founded upon certain considerations legal and
valid, and it ought to be so amended if it does
not now express that idea, as to declare that
only such coin contracts shall be legal and
valid, so ihat there may be no doubt, no door
open to controversy and litigation as to the
meaning of the section.
_ The object of specifying these different con-
siderations on coin contracts is this: men are
in debt at this time and debtors to a great
extent are in the power of their creditors.
Suppose a creditor has a mortgage upon a
man's farm for a large debt and it becomes
due. The debtor at that time is in the power
of the creditor, and he may go to him and say,
" I demand that you renew this contract and
make it payable in coin ; otherwise I will fore-
close this mortgage and strip you of your prop-
erty." The debtor is in the power of the cred-
itor under such circumstances, and he maybe
compelled by the necessity of the case to enter
into that contract, trying to save his property
and hoping that something may turn up in the
future to enable him to comply with its terms.
'Ihose are one class of persons who will be
protected by this section if it is allowed to
stand in its present shape.
Then again, anotherclass of persons are those
whose necessities compel them to borrow
money. If the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Missouri should be adopted, then
the lender, if the necessities of the borrower
are such as to justify him, may insist, upon the
pound of flesh. He may insist that before he
relieves the necessities of the man who seeks
to borrow he shall make a contract to pay the
amount specified in coin; and many men are
deluded in that way into making onerous and
oppressive contracts with the hope that the
future may enable them to comply with their
conditions, and so they become involved.
Considering the circumstances of the country
and that the great bulk of the money is cur-
rency with which the people do business, it
seems to me that these provisions which are
intended for the protection of the debtor class
will produce some effect in that direction ; if
they do not completely protect them they will
protect them to some extent. It seems to me
that we can afford to agree with the House so
far as this section is concerned, and adopt it
as it 1 as been sent to us by that body.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it seems to me
that tl e Senate are about entering into a new
field of legislation. Suppose I were to offer
an amendment to this bill that hereafter all
wills executed should be deemed legal and valid
if attested by a single witness. It would strike
the honorable Senator from Missouri and
everybody else, I suppose, that that was rather
a novel and improper subject for any legisla-
tion of Congress. Now, what is proposed in
this second section:
That any contract hereafter made specifically pay-
able in coin, and the consideration of which maybe
a loan of coin, or a sale of property, or the render-
ing of labor or service of any kind, the priec of
which a* carried into the contract may have been
adjusted on thebasisof thecoin value thereof at the
time of such sale, orof the rendering of such service
or labor, shall be legal and valid, and may be
enforced according to its terms : andpn the trial of
a suit biought for the enforcement of any such con-
tract proof of the real consideration may be given.
What power has Congress to decide what
contract shall be legal and valid and what con-
tract shall be void? What power has Congress
over the subject of the rate of interest in the
State of Keutucky or any other State? What
power has Congress to decide what shall be the
usurious interestreserved in the contract? Ail
these matters pertain to State legislation. They
are subjects over which Congress has no power
whatever. The idea of Congress passing a law,
general and universal in its operation, declar-
ing what contracts shall be legal and valid and
may be enforced according to their terms to
my mind is preposterous. Why, sir, what con-
tract is valid in the State of Wisconsin de-
pends on the laws of Wisconsin. What rate
of interest is legal or illegal in Wisconsin de-
pends on the law of Wisconsin. What effect
the reservation of usurious interest may have
in contracts made in Wisconsin depends upon
the laws of that State ; and so in relation to
the laws of every State in regard to these mat-
ters ; and the Supreme Court of the United
States and all the courts of every State in re-
lation to such contracts inquire into what is
the meaning and provision of the laws of the
State where the contract is made, and they
interpret and construe and enforce contracts
according to the laws of the particular States
in which they are made.
I believe that the utmost limit that Congress
has yet advanced is to declare what shall be
money; and in that 1 think they have advanced
a very long step beyond their proper sphere.
Money is defined by the Constitution ; money
is established by the judgment and laws of the
world; money is gold and silver and nothing
else; and the idea of giving anything else,
paper or any other substance than gold and
silver coin, the character of money and making
it a legal tender in the payment of debts, is not
only unconstitutional, but very absurd. Noth-
ing is money but gold and silver coin ; and
when Congress attempted to declare that the
greenbacks should he lawful money I think it
advanced, as 1 said before, a long stride beyond
the pale of its powers. But noiv, when it fol-
lows up this aggregation of power and pre-
sumes to declare by law what shall be a legal
and valid contract and enforced according to
its terms, it is still further transcending the
pale of its power and trenching upon the legit-
imate powers* of the States. All these matters
are to be decided by State laws, and by the laws
of each State for itself and its people. What
contracts are valid or invalid, are void or legal,
are usurious or not usurious, and what is to
be the effect of usury reserved in the contract,
all these matters are to be decided by State
legislation for that locality, and the people of
each State ; and every contract of the kind
that is entered into in a particular State, when
it is sued upon in a Federal court, or in the
court of any State, has to be construed and to
be enforced precisely according to the laws of
the State in which it is made.
•The idea of Congress legislating upon such
subjects is preposterous. The State of Min-
nesota decides for itself' what rate of interest
shall be usury, what shall be the effect of a
contract in which a larger rate of interest is
reserved. The State of Minnesota decides for
itself what class of contracts in that State are
against public policy and void. The State
of Minnesota decides for itself what consider-
ations in contracts are vicious and illegal, and
must have the effect of rendering a Contract
void and not enforceable in law ; and so every
State decides for itself. The idea of Congress
entering into this field of legislation and regu-
lating these matters is not only novel, but it is
eminently improper and absurd. I think the
second section falls because it is wholly with-
out the jurisdiction and the pale of the power
of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I hope we shall
vote on this. The Army bill is waiting, and I
desire to have this passed as soon as possible.
The PIIESIDEN T pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the second section.
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Missouri, in explanation of his
amendment, whether he intends to legalize
contracts that are objectionable under the law
for other reasons than because of their terms
in regard to the currency in which they shall
be paid? Is the purpose of the Senator to
legalize, if it be otherwise now, all promises to
pay in coin, whatever may be the consideration ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state in short
my view of this matter. Under a decision of
the Supreme Court, as I understand, all con-
tracts now made specifically payable in coin
are valid contracts anyhow. I have always
thought so, but, as I said before, it was doubted,
and not only doubted by the business men of
the country, but doubted by the supreme courts
of the several States almost entirely through-
out the Union. Now, if this bill is passed as
it stands we shall have some contracts that are
specifically payable in gold that are void. I
differ with the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon-.] There are other contracts that may
be made ; contracts which may not arise upon
anyof the considerations mentioned in thisbill;
and what will be the decision of the Supreme
Court on such contracts? For instance, I con-
tract to guaranty the payment of a note made
by the Senator from Ohio for a certain consid-
eration that is not a consideration mentioned
in this bill. I compromise a suit that is bind-
ing in a court of law. That is not a sale of
property; that is not a loan of gold, and the
contract is upon this compromise to pay in
coin. Now, the meaning of the section is, if
there is any meaning at all in the proposition
now pending, that this is not to be paid in coin.
The contract may have been made specifically
payable in coin, but yet, contrary to the decis-
ion of the court, it must be held, impliedly at
least under this section, that such a contract
must not be paid m coin.
Now, if we are to legislate 011 the subject at
all, let us say that all contracts made by paities
competent to contract, specifically payable in
com, may be enforced in the courts. That is
all I propose. The State Legislatures, of
