1869..
THE CONGrEBSSIQKifcli ■ (xLGJSf.
■mt
courses will determine what • amount of fraiid
may render invalid a contract under this law*
It will not affect State legislation, as my friend
from Kentucky imagines. As it has been un-
derstood in the States since the passage of the
legal-tender act, that- which was payable in
coin before was subsequently payable in green-
backs. All that this section is intended to do
is to do away with that presumption. -It is, so
far as Congress ean say, that all contracts spe-
cifically payable in coin may be enforced in
the couvts; that is all, leaving the State legis-
lation- to exist exactly as it was before.
Mr. SHERMAN. • It is manifest that unless
the friends of this bill take the bill substantially
as it is and do not attempt to modify and
change every word or parse every clause of the
bill it will occupy the whole day. I supposed
the Senator from Missouri would be satisfied
with a viva voce vote on his amendment and let
it go, but now the yeas and nays are called for.
If it prevails it makes legal and valid every
gaming contract in the United States, provided
it is payable in coin. It makes legal and valid
every usurious contract, provided it is payable
in coin. The words will read thus if his amend-
ment prevails:
That a.ny contract hereafter made specifically pay-
able in coin shall be legal and valid, and may be
enforced according to its terms.
That includes all contracts,whatever may be
the consideration, whether legal or not, and
declares that any contract.hereafter made spe-
cifically payable in coin shall be legal and
valid, and may be enforced according to its
terms. The intention of the House was to
limit this declaration to certain contracts which
ought to be equitably enforced in coin, and it
covers every class of contracts that can be law-
fully made without usury in coin. I can imagine
no lawful contract for the payment of coin
which is not legalized by the House section.
Mr. HENDERSON. An insurance contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. An insurance contract is
legal and valid if made on a coin basis. Any
attempt to change the phraseology in this way
will lead to confusion and difficulty.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to ask the Senator
what the effect of this act would be upon bonds
issued by cities, counties, railroads, and other
corporations payable in gold, but the consider-
ation of which is not gold advanced to them ;
would not those contracts be invalidated?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not prepared to say
as to that. If they were made before this act
took effect as a matter of course they would not
be affected by the act.
Mr. DRAKE. But hereafter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Another answer to that
is that bonds are made payable to bearer and
are in the nature of a negotiable security pass-
ing to bearer, and they are never owned by
the persons to whom they are made payable.
They are always issued to trustees and trans-
ferred from hand to hand, and consequently
there can be no question about their validity
in the hands of a bona fide holder wherever
they may go. That is the auswer to the case
put by my honorable friend. But if you at-
tempt to make virtually the declaration that
all contracts, without excepting any, made
payable in coin are legal and valid, as a matter
of course you will not only prevent the adop-
tion of this section by the House but you will
defeat it in the Senate.
I trust, therefore, the Senate, without pro-
longing this debate unnecessarily, will take-the
section substantially as it is which legalizes
gold contracts covering the great bulk of the
cases—nearly all the cases I can think of where
they ought to be legalized. The words of the
House certainly can do no harm. They are
intended to prevent usury, fraud, and oppres-
sion of the debtor class, and to the extent that
thej^ will have any effect whatever they are
uselul; they are not injurious in any sense.
No eontiact is invalidated by this clause that
ought to be enforced upon terms of equity and
good faith. I trust, therefore, the Senate will
take the section as it is.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Senator from Ohio. -Am I rightia sup-
posing that he construesthesectom as.it would
stand were the. words stricken out as author-
izing the (enforcement of all coin- contracts
whether usurious or not ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Without the limitation I
am inclined to think the Words of the act would'
so operate, but the bill we passed in tie Senate
was so framed that jt would not, but provided
that all lawful contracts hereafter made may
be enforced according to their terms..
Mr. CONKLINGr. Now, I wish to suggest
this inquiry to the Senator, based upon ithat:
•if it be true that the section as it is would stand
with, the worfs stricken-out would render all
contracts enforceable whether usurious or not,
what would beoome of all contracts whether
usurious or not falling within the specification
if we let the section stand? Obviously, the
Senator will see, if divesting the section of the
restriction you make contracts generally al-
though usurious enforceable at law, leaving the
section as it is equally enforceable would be
all usurious contracts if they fall within the
description.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the honorable Senator from Ohio.
Suppose he alter the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Missouri so as to
make the section read in this way:
That any contract hereafter made specifically pay-
able in coin may be enforced according to its terms.
And then leave the whole question of usury to
the States.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely the way
we sent it from the Senate originally and the
House after fully considering it voted it down.
VVe again sent it in another form with a pro-
viso providing that the contract should not be
made the cover of usury. We sent that to the
House, and they voted that down. Now that
they have inserted words which seem to ac-
complish a good purpose, which prevent frauds
and usury and oppression, why not agree to
to these words? It seems to me it is idle at
this late period of the session to engage in
mere grammatical construction of words where
the substance is according to our wishes. I
therefore hope we shall take the second sec-
tion stripped of the last clause, which I think
would create oppression, and I am perfectly
willing to vote for it as carrying out the wishes
of the Senate twice expressed by their unani-
mous vote.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to say that we have
had substantially the proposition of the Senator
from Missouri in operatiou in our State during
the past four or five years and we do not find
auy complaint such as is stated by the Senator
from Ohio. We have greenbacks and we have
gold ; we have contracts made specifically pay-
able in gold, principal and interest, and there
is no trouble about making these contracts and
enforcing them. These contracts have here-
tofore been held valid by our State courts, and
if they are carried to the Supreme Court of the
United States according to its late decision I
have no doubt they will be held valid there.
There is an opportunity as well under the pres-
ent system to make usurious contracts as there
is under the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri. I do not see that that proposition,
a plain, broad proposition to make contracts
specifically payable in coin legal and valid, is
objectionable, as I have seen and observed the
workings of it in our State, and therefore I feci
bound to vote for the proposition ofthe Senator
from Missouri, believing it is less objectionable
and less complicated and will lead to less law
than the proposition submitted by the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I am
not able to see why a man of sufficient intelli-
gence may not make a contract according to
his pleasure. It is known to the Senate as it
is known to the commercial world that there
is in fact a difference in value between gold
and the paper currency of the country. Now,
if two men contracting in regard to a consid
eration that is legal agree the one to pay gold
and the other to receive gold, shall it notstand ?
I understand that the principle established by
thfe-Supreme Court Eefceatly will .sustain such
contracts, thdugh.the cas© was somewhat pecu,-
-liar in its facts, aaid the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri being made sufficiently
guarded I shall support 'th-at amendment.
-Now, if there be any question- about it, why
got after'the word "contract" in the,first,line
insert the words " otherwise legal and yalid*?!'
Mr. SHERMAN. Read it as it would then
stand with thos,e words inserte'd'.
Mr.'HBNDRlCKS. '! That any contract
otherwise legal and valid shall be lawful and
binding.'"' ' "
Mr, SHERMAN. You will have to change
the whole phraseology.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Hie idea of the Sen-
ators amendment, as I undtotattd it, though
I do not understand it as clearly as I would
desire, that a promise to pay in gold upon a
valid consideration may be enforced in the
courts. That idea I wish to support. 9Ph«t
thought certainly can "be clothed in proper lan-
guage so as to provide that if a person of suffi-
cient judgment to contract shall promise topay
gold upon a consideration that is legal, that
contract shall stand in the courts. That is all
I desire to say, and I suppose that that is the
doctrine bf the Supreme Court, but it may be
that theStates will not fully-regard that decision.
It may be necessary that Congress shall make
a declaration on that subject. I do not wish to
see the action of Congress go beyond its clear
jurisdiction on a question of this sort. The
supreme court of the S't-ate of Indiana has
decided that where a party has promised to
pay in gold it may be satisfied by a payment
in legal-tender notes upon a consideration that
under the proposition of the committee would
sufficiently support the promise to pay gold.
Now, I wish to suggest to the Senator frotti
Missouri, if he cannot make this read right,
then say, "upon a legal and valid considera-
tion." That would be found in the second
line of the section. I do not want to vote for
an amendment which will appear to legalize a
contract that is offensive to the laws of the
States; but if the contract be legal according
to the laws of the States, then let it be enforced
according to its terms. For such a proposition
I will vote, although under the decision of the
Supreme Court legislation would seem not to
be necessary. Yet we have some evidence that
it is necessary to give additional strength to the
decisions of the Supreme Court. In this Dis-
trict they are disregarded and defied, and per-
haps they will be by the courts of some of the
States.
Mr. President, I do not design to vote for
the first section of this bill. I do not believe
in the construction that the first section has
undertaken to place upon the former legisla-
tion. I understand the first section as it now
stands, with the amendments that have been
made, simply to provide that all the obligations
of the Government shall be discharged in gold
unless the law or the contract itself expressly
provides that they may be paid in the paper
currency of the country. For that proposition
lam not prepared to vote, and I say that there is
no occasion for passing such a section. It is not
practical in its character. It does not propose
the immediate payment of any of our obliga-
tions, but simply to declare without practical
effect a construction of contracts heretofore
made. This first section would be a legislative
construction of the laws heretofore enacted,
an attempt by Congress to put construction
upon the laws and contracts heretofore made.
That is the first section of the bill. The Sen-
ator from Ohio thinks I am mistaken in this
respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to interrupt him. I do not wish to discuss it,
but I look on the first section as a declaration
of public policy that the Ut.i ed States ought
n«t to pay any portion of its debt except, in
gold and silver coin unless the right to pay it
otherwise is expressly reserved. As to the
strict construction of the five-twenty act, I
agreed with the Senator that we had a right to
pay in lawful money, but we are bound to pay
