1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
able rights.<tf-man, -aa the honorable Senator
from Connecticut yesterday contended?
The other principle contained in the Declar-
ation is:
" That the.se united colonics are, and of right ought
to bo, free and independent States; that they are
absolved from all allegiance to the British Crown,
and that all political connection between them and
tile-State of UreatBritain is, and ©.ughfcto be, totally
dissolved."
These are the principles of the Declaration
of Independence. The very men who framed
this Declaration were many of them owners of
slaves, .a.ad t*vejye of the thirteen States rep-
resented in the tiongress making the Declara-
tion. were slave States; and the practical
interpretation which has been given to this in-
strument from that period down to 1860 has
been that it had no relation to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and could not con-
trol any of its provisions. But I have^ dis-
covered that whenever a party or an individual
is desirous of exercising a power which is doubt-
ful and cannot be found in the Constitution a
resort is always had tothegeneraltermsof the
Declaration of Independence, which seems to
be the favorite theme of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. But there is no provision in the
Constitution which authorizes such a construc-
tion as is -contended for.. If the principle of
the Senator from Connecticut were carried-out
all persons would have the same right to vote ;
they would be born* with a right to vote.
If it be desirfed to obtain the voice of the
people on this subject, the amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon]
is the proper one to attain that object. He
has called the present system of representation
in Connecticut a " rotten-boroughsystem.
If 1 mistake not, that Senator lost his election
in consequence of that system. One half of
the State owning one half of the property, one
half of the wealth of the State, with one half of
its population, had perhaps not more than a
third of the representation in the Legislature,
and in consequence of that the defeat of the
honorable Senator was accomplished. But this
very question of suffrage was submitted to the
people of Connecticut in. their primary capacity
when the question was unaffected by anything
else, when there was no collateral issue to
divert their minds from this plain and simple
issue, and they decidcd against the introduction
of negro suffrage in that State. An election is
soon to be held in Connecticut for Governor
and representatives in the Legislature. I ask
the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Furry] if
when this issue is made in Connecticut a ma-
jority of the people of that State shall elect a
Democratic Governor upon that issue, but
owing, to the mode of gerrymandering the
Stale, a majority of the representatives in the
Legislature elected shall be in favor of this
constitutional amendment, what ought that
Legislature to do upop the question ? Ought
they to obey the voice of the people as indi-
cated by the election of a Governor, or vote
for this proposition against that voice thus
made known? If this amendment is now sub-
mitted to the Legislatures it will be submitted
to those, in that State particularly, who may
represent a minority of the people. And shall
that vote of Connecticut, under such circum-
stances, which may be the casting vote to adopt a
constitutional provision introducing this negro
element into our political system thus impose
upon Indiana or any other State a provision in
the Constitution which, if properly submitted
to the people, would not be adopted?
The Senator from Connecticut yesterday
seemed to hail the approach of the day when
all inequalities would be abolished. I do not
know whether he meant political inequalities
only, or whether ho designed to extend it to
social relations. But if the States once sur-
render to Congress the right to control suf-
frage they cease to be independent States;
they are neither independent nor sovereign,
and lose the character which they have always
had. This amendment applies to the election
of members of the Legislature and judges,
comptrollers, justices of the peace, and con-
stables ; it applies to all elections'. What con-
nection or relation is thete between the elec-
tion of a constabfe and the election of a Pres-
ident of the United States or a member of
Congress? -If.it vvere designed only to apply
this provision to that which relates to the Gen-
eral Government, then it should be restricted
and framed to refer only to elections for elect-
ors of President and Vice President and Rep-
resentatives in Congress. It provides that the
States shall in no elections disqualify any one
on the ground of race, color, or former con-
dition. What interest has the General Gov-
ernment in the election of a constable or any
State officer? What interest has it in muni-
cipal elections? If the States Surrender this
right in regard to their municipal elections
they surrender everything to the General Gov-
ernment, and are made dependent upon it.
The Senator from Connecticut told us that
he gloried in being a citizen of the United
States; and I understood him to say that his
State was not an independent republic or an
independent State, ana that the very reason
for which the Constitution was framed was that
the States should not be independent repub-
lics. Let me read a few words from the
forty-fifth number of the Federalist, written by
Mr. Madison, on this subject. He says:
'* Thus bach of the principal branches of the Fed-
eral Government will owe its existence more or loss
to the favor of the State governments,andrausteon-
sequentiy feel a dependence which is much more
likely to beget a disposition too obsequious than too
overbearing toward them."
This shows rather the dependence of the
Federal Government upon the State govern-
ments. The argument of that Senator yester-
day in enhancing and exalting the powers of
the General Government would make the crea-
ture greater than the creator. Who created
the General Government? Was it not the
States ? Did they not agree to part only with
a certain, defined, limited number of powers,
conferring them upon the General Government
for special purposes, and to retain all other
powers? But if the General Government is to
control the States and the right of suffrage then
it becomes a Government of unlimited power,
and the reserved rights under the constitution
of the States are matters of little consequence.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] in his speech on yesterday said that
this second resolution of the Chicago conven-
tion was merely intended to define the constitu-
tional provision on the subject of suffrage. But
was it necessary that that convention should
define it? Was it not a matter universally con-
ceded to the States? Had they not enjoyed and
exercised the power from the formation of the
Government down to the time of the holding
of that convention ? Where was the necessity
of defining that relation or that power in the
Constitution? It could not be because there
was any ambiguity about it,, or because it was
doubted. It is possible that the reason was
that the course of the Republican party on the
subject of slavery and reconstruction might
have created a doubt in the public mind as to
their orthodoxy on this question, and in order
to set themselves right before the public they
incorporated this provision in explicit terms
in their platform.
The Senator from Indiana further said that
the members of the Democratic party on this
floor had not discussed this question upon its
merits, but upon another issue, and he seemed
to think that it was owing to the pressure of
public sentiment. But, sir, was it not the
dilemma in which this platform has placed the
Republican party that induced that remark of
the honorable Senator ? He has not attempted
to answer the argument of his colleague on
thesubjectof the canvass, which was conducted
in that State when no question in regard to
the right of suffrage was raised, because the
meaning of that part of the platform was taken
by both parties for what it literally signifies.
But he also said that the Democratic party
was not a progressive party. I am not an
authorized exponent of the principles of the
Democratic party;, but I suggest that there
might have been- an obvious answer to that
question in the mind of the honorable Senator.
It is that the Democratic party js not a. pro-
gressive party because the Constitution is not
progressive; the principles of the Constitution
are now just as they were when they came from
the hands of our fathers; they are' plain, ex-
plicit, and well defined; and a parfcy which
stands upon the Constitution cannot, in rela-
tion to constitutional questions, be a progress-
ive party. ' '■
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr, Wil-
son] who spoke theother day, seemed to attrib-
ute to prej udice all the opposition to this amend-
ment, and he pronounced the position of the
country on this subject a dishonorable one.
Now, I believe the honorable Senator was a
candidate for the second place .in the Gov-
ernment, and I suppose he was very willing
to stand upon this platform, and; would have
adopted it, and did adopt it. But the Senator
said that emancipation was in harmony with
the decrces of Almighty God, and that the aciop -
tion of this resolution would be in haroaouy
with our institutions. I do not know what
special authority the Senator had for expound-
ing the decrees of the Almighty, but 1 will give
him a few quotations from those decrees as I
find them in the Scriptures :
"And No all said cursed be Canaan ; a servant of
servants shall he bo unto his brethren." (fieiicsis,
1X, ;And when Abram heard that his brother was taken
captive he armed his trained servants born in his
house, three hundred and eighteen, andpursued them
unto Dan." (Genesis, xiv., 14.)
All born slaves ; and in Leviticus (xxv., 45,
46,) it is laid down expressly as the law:
" Moreover of the children of the strangers that
do sojourn among you, of them shall ye buy, and of
their iamilies that are with you which they begat in
your land, and thoy shall bo your possession. And
ye shall take them as an inheritance for your children
after you to inherit them for a possession: theys'hall
be your bondmen even forever."
1 suppose that there is no one in this coun-
try that would desire to see slavery restored ;
and the fears of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner,] who spoke to-day, are
perfectly groundless, and he may readily dis-
miss them. But the Senator from Massachu-
setts who sits near me [Mr. Wilson] is not
justified in attributing to prejudice or ignor-
ance the position of those who may entertain
different opinions on the subject of suffrage
from those which he now announces as gov-
erning himself. Wherever suffrage has been
exercised by the negro I have not yet heard or
learned of any improvement or reformation
either in morals or in intelligence, nor of any
great development of character or advantages
arisinc: to those communities. It is hardly mag-
nanimous in the Senator from Massachusetts
to endeavor to fix this law of suffrage upon
those who do not desire it, because this fra-
grant black rose does not grow well in the
frosty soii of New England nor in northern
latitudes. This District may be called the
botanical political experimental garden where
this subject is now in process of trial and
expansion ; and I have not heard that any
improvement has resulted from it. During
the heated months of Juno and July last,
■when it became necessary for me to take the
avenue cars to reach the Capitol, there was
a considerable intermixture of this beautiful
black flower; and I was uncharitable enough
at times while there to wish that the two hon-
orable Senators from Massachusetts were pres-
ent also that they might inhale the delightful
odor. Such proximity in public conveyances as
alike offensive to the taste, instinct, judgment,
and olfactories of the citizens. The Senator
says it is prejudice. Whether it is prejudice
or whether it is instinct, it exists, and the Sen-
ator has admitted it to exist, and he says it will
cost his party many votes if this provision shall
be passed.
The Senator might as well contend that one
hundred per cent, impost duty laid upon all
articles of foreign importations similar to the
productions of his section of the country was
just, and that those who opposed it were gov-
erned by prejudice!
