:906
MB CONGRESSIONAL G-LORE.
February 5,
' But I will oppose to the Senator the opin-
ions of distingaished gentlemen of this body,
showing that this prejudice is-not altogether
unfounded. In the first place I will read from
a speech delivered by the honorable Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who lias this
Joint resolution in charge, made on the 21st
dayof December, 1865. He then said:
"The true question is, shall the General Govern-
ment interfere with theright of suffrage in tbe>States?
When this is attempted we are not only met by the
prejudices, whether justorunjust,of alarge majority
of the white inhabitants of the United States, but by
the OOnscientiOtts opinions of tho Chief Executive of
the nation, sustained by many of tho wisest and best
statesmen and jurists of the country, that the Con-
stitution has placed the question of suffrage exclu-
sively within State jurisdiction. I do not propose to
«-rgHe at length either the prejudices of the former or
the constitutional objections of the latter. But >ve
must rememtier that prejudice is often more power-
ful than reason, and tbat it often happens thai pre-
judice itself is founded in reason. If this is not a
white man's Government, one thing is ccrtain, that
neither the black mati or the red man has ever reared
such a Government."
•These were the opinions of the distingaished
Senator from Nevada only three years ago,
that this prejudice, if it existed, if it was a
prejudice, was founded in reason; that this
was a- white man's Government, and that no
such Government was ever erected by the black
man or the red man. These are the words of
truth and of soberness, delivered in the S«nate
of the United States after a deliberate and
mature consideration of the subject.
liut I will read further from a speech deliv-
ered by an honorable Senator, now a member
of this body, one of age, of experience, of long
service in the Halls of Congress, one whose
observation and position entitled him to the
respect aiid confidence of his political associ-
ates, one from whom words of wisdom might
be expected. That Senator, in 1861, in the
month of March, spoke on a resolution of the
House to amend the Constitution by adding
the following as article thirteen :
"No amendment shall be made to the Constitution
which will authorize or give to Congress the power to
abolish or interfere within any State with the domes-
tic institutions thereof, including that of persons
held to labor or service by tho laws of said State."
On the discussion of that resolution the
Senator said:
"Mr. Presidont, wo must oomo back to tho old
ark of oar safety. We must ftand upon the old
Constitution; and upon tho old, timo-honored con-
structions of that instrument as understood by Mar-
shall, by Story, and the groat lights of jurisprudence
that ha-vo investigated and settled almost every ques-
tion that can possibly arise upon its construction. X
observo the very moment you attempt to patch it
•up, the very moment you attempt to go counter to
that, inevitable difficulties break in upon you, I do
not want it amended; X see no defect in it; I am
sworn t« stand by it."
Would the Senator from Massachusetts call
that an ignorant prejudice uttered by one so
distinguished in this body, A prejudice! No,
sir. That Senator who made this declaration
vow occupies the chair of the Senate, [Mr.
Wade,] and I concur in what he then stated.
The very moment you attempt to patch up the
■Constitution by these amendments you detract
from it. Then there was an amendment pend-
ing before the Senate ; and he opposed it, not
because he would interfere with slavery within
the States, for I do not think he ever enter-
tained such a design, but because, the very
moment you attempt to patch up the Constitu-
tion, that very momentyou get into inevitable
difficulty. You had better let it alone; he
said, "I do not want it amended; I see no
■defect in it." That was in 1861, and that dis-
tinguished Senator then seeing no defect in
it he was determined to stand by it and was
sworn to support it.
But the honorable Senator from Nevada, in
1865, said in this body;
Now tbat these sacrifices have been made and
the victory won, are we not bound by every obliga-
;eVCTf ee/«r tho dead, regard for the
living, and fear of God can inspire, to preserve, not
ThmWk Constitution and Onion of these States ?
In, tk«' f? are presented to the coun-
flA rore^alron the South. The one
which nnds favor in Congress, if we wore tn indo-f. nf
the sentiment of that body from those who talk most.
is to govern eleven States as conquered provinces bv
an exercise of power unwarranted by the Constitu-
tion, which must inevitably deraagb if not destroy
that charter of our liberties. This plan trusts all to
force, nothing to conciliation ; ail to revenge, nothing
to charity. It treats with equal contempt the good
opinion or hatred of seven million American citi-
zens."
Those were eloquent expressions properly
delivered. In the same speech the honorable
Senator said, what is more appropriate to the
subject under consideration: !
" It may tiot be unjust for a people whose liberties
cd-h only be sustained by intelligence and virtue to
pause and hesitate before they intrust those liberties
in tho hands of four million unfortunate persons,
just emerged from the m0st degrading slavery, before
they shall havo had an opportunity to learn the
principles of that Government whose functions they
are called upon to administer."
Now, the honorable Senator has the resolu-
tion before the Senate in charge, and has pro-
ceeded with almost hot haste to press it upon
the attention of the Senate to the exclusion of
other and more important business; and what
is the purpose now? It is to give the right of
suffrage to the negro, to make him equal in
office, equal in all political rights with others.
And who are those that he wishes thus to
introduce into the body-politic? Are they
not the very persons whom he described as four
millions of unfortunate persons just emerged
from the most degrading slavery before they
have had an opportunity to learn the principles
of the Government whose functions they would
be called upon to administer ? Now, the Sen-
ator is anxious to introduce as voters these
very persons who, he says, have had no oppor-
tunity to learn the principles of the Govern-
ment? Why shall ignorance be thus introduced ?
The Senator knew then, as he stated, that these
people were uninformed, had emerged from
slavery, and that one of the charges against
that system was that the slaves were kept in
ignorance. He said in 1865 that these people
were incompetent, to exercise this right; that
they had not the ability; were ignorant, and
must first learn the principles of the Constitu-
tion. That was the language of the Senator from
Nevada three years ago. Alas, how changed !
and shall such things "overcome ns as a sum-
mer's cloud, without our special wonder ?"
I beg to read an extract from a speech of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who
occupies the chair of the Senate, made in 1860:
"There is in these United States a raceof men who
aro poor, woak, uninfluontial, incapable of taking
care of themsolves. I mean tho free negroes, who are
despised by all, repudiated by all; outcasts upon the
face of the earth without any fault of theirs that I
know of; but they aro the victims of a deep-rooted
prejudice, and I do not stand hero to argue whether
that prejudice bo right or wrong. I know such to be
tho fact. It is there immovable. It is perfectly im-
possible that these two races can inhabit the same
place and be prosperous and happy. I see that this
species of population are just as abhorrent to the
southern States, aud perhaps more so than to the
North; many of those States are now, as 1 think,
passing most unjust laws to drive these men off or
to subject them to slavery; they are flocking now into
the free States a nd we have objections to them. Now,
the proposition is, that this great Government owes
it to justice, owes it to those individuals, owes it to
itself and to tho free white population of the nation,
to provide a meanswhereby thisolassof unfortunate
men may emigrate to some congenial clime, where
they may bo maintained to the mutual benefit of all,
both white and black. This will insure a separation
of the races. Let them go into the tropics. There,
I understand, are vast tracts of the most fertile and
inviting lands in a climate perfectly congenial to
that class of. mon, where tho negro "will bo pre-
dominant; where his nature seems to be improved,
and all his faculties, both mental and physical, aro
fully developed, and where the white man degener-
ates in fhe samo proportion as the black roan pros-
pers. Let them go there; let them be separated: it
is easy to do it,"
That distinguished Senator said that these
two races could not exist together and be pros-
perous and happy. That was in 1860, when
there was only a small proportion of free
negroes in the country compared to those who
are here now by virtue of emancipation. If it
was impossible for the races to exist together
when the negroes constituted but a small pro-
portion, how is it possible that they can now
exist together prosperously and happily when
the proportion is so much greater? If, when
the evil is small, they could not exist, will you
cause them to exist prosperously and happily
together when that ovil is multiplied tenfold ?
The Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
from his eloquent speech some days sincc, I
should infer was favorable to universal suffrage.
I cannot see how, according to the principles
of that speech, he can oppose the right of the
southern people to rote. He is willing to
'extend it to all the negro race and to all the
females, and ean he,-be unwilling now, on the
principles which he has announced, to extend
it to those white men who reside in the South ?
In his speeeh a few days since he said :
'-I now come to this point to say that to deprive
any citizen of the right of suffrage is a violation of
the principles of our Government asit wasordaiped,
and is a blow direct at theG'nvernmentitseltV Ihave
studied this form of government to tio purpose if its
logic does not lead,me to universal and impartial
suffrage."
And further, hg says:
" CitijensMp isof birthright or of choice in ourform
of government, and the ballot is one of the rights
admitted, ay, conceded, and cannot be conferred.
Who gave any class theright to monopolize the elec-
tive franchise 1"   , ,
Now, I would ask the honorable Senator if
he can oppose extending the right of suffrage
to the southern people. They have been par-
doned by the Executive. All the benefits and
advantages that can be derived from a pardon
have been granted to them, and now, having
been pardoned, and standing upon the same
platform as the Senator and myself, can he
object to the right of suffrage being exercised
by them ?
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator is not
unwilling to be interrupted I will say that I
said nothing against extending the suffrage to
all persons who had not been convicted of
crime. I am for giving suffrage to innocent
people of the prescribed age. I think if the
Senator will continue reading from my remarks
he will see that I am for extending suffrage to
all persons not convicted of crime, and I want
it placed in the -Constitution. I do not hold
that anybody has a right to give it or take it
away, but it ought to be in the fundamenal law.
Mr. VICKERS. I am very happy to hear
the Senator avow his willingness to give suf-
frage to those who have been pardoned.
Mr. POMEROY. I said to those who had
never been convicted. I do not know of any
criminals until they are convicted.
Mr. VICKEKS. No one can be convicted
unless there is first an indictment and a trial,
a verdict of a jury, and judgment of a court.
But all others, as I understand the Senator's
doctrine, are citizens, and of course have a
right to vote.
The seventy-fourth number of the Federalist,
written by Mr. Hamilton, on the subgect of par-
don by the Executive, says:
" But the principal argument for reposing the
power of pardoning in this case in the Chief Magis-
trate is this: in seasons of insurrection or rebellion
there are often critical moments when a well-timed
offer of pardon to the insurgents or rebels may
restore the tranquillity of the Commonwealth, and
which, if suffered to pass unimproved, it may never
be possible afterward to recall. The dilatory pro-
cess of convening the Legislature, or one of its
branches, for the purpose of obtaining its sanction
would frequently be the occasion of letting slip the
golden opportunity. The loss of a week* a day, an
hour may sometimes be fatal."
This power of pardon is an executive right.
There is no provision of the Constitution which
gives to the Legislature any participation in it,
but it is exclusively an executive function to
be exercised by the President. The Presidont
has undertaken to exercise this power accord-
ing to the letter and the spirit of the Constitu-
tion. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Fjsrry] said some time since that the Presi-
dent had exceeded his power because he added
the word "amnesty" to "pardon." If the
power be given to the President to pardon,
and it be lodged in no other Department of the
Government, do not all the legitimate infer-
ences and incidents growing out of that power
belong to him?
But I contend that the power of pardon is
the greater and it includes the lesser. In Ja-
cob s Law Dictionary, from which the Senator
read, I find amnesty defined to be "an act of
pardon or oblivion, such as was granted at the
restoration of King Charles II." The same
definition is given in Tomlins's Law Dictionary
