1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
and in Bouvier'a Law Dictionary. In it is
said: "in general the effect of a full pardon
is to restore a convict to all his rights."
Amnesty is from two Greek words signifying
"not to remember." It is defined in Burril's
Law Dictionary to be an "act of pardon or
oblivion ; a public declaration or proclamation
that all acts against the established authority
shall be forgotten and pardoned;" and Web-
ster treats pardon and amnesty as synonymous
terms. If a man be pardoned, though an in-
dictment may have been found, there is noth-
ing to operate upon him ; his person and his
property are entirely absolved from any action
of the Government. But where no indictments
were found, and I presume there were but few
prosecutions, the proclamation reached the
unnamed masses who can never be distinguished
from their fellows by reason of previous con-
duct. Amnesty is generally extended to masses,
pardon to individuals by name; but the latter
embraces the former. The President, there-
fore, in my opinion, has rightfully exercised
the power which was invested in him by the
Constitution.
The Senator from Kansas in 1865, did not
seem to entertain the doctrine which he now
promulgates. He said then in a speech in the
Senate:
"For ono, sir, I am for leaving this question of
suffrage to the citizens of the States, and I claim it
as their right to admit whoever they choose to the
ballot-box. I am not loyal enough myself to all-ow
my own rights as a citizen of a State to be trampled
upon in that way. I would not be dictated to, as a
"ii izen of a sovereign Stato, by Congress or any other
power as to what kind of citizens of my State should
bo allowed to vote. If they choose to let all the cit-
izens, including the women, vote it is not a matter
for Congress to interfere with. The citizens of a
State arc not confined to its male citizens, either
white or black, and the right of voting does not fol-
low the right of citizenship. The States have their
own way about that. Some States let ono class of
persons vote and some another, and I want that
course continued.
"The people of my own State are supposed to be
loyal; they are as radical as are the citizens of
Massachusetts; but they are not loyal enough to
allow Congress to dictate to them what kind of qual-
ifications for voting they shall have."
These were the sentiments of the Senator
from Kansas in 1865. He then said that the
States have a right to a-dmit any one to vote ; it
is their right, their exclusive right. Congress
has no right to dictate to them who shall vote.
His theory is that every one should vote, no
matter where he may have been born or to
what race he may belong.
Sir, naturalists and ethnographers divide
mankind into several distinct varieties or races.
Cuvie'r refers them all to three, Pritchard to
seven, Agassiz to eight, Pickering to eleven,
but the common classification is that of Blumen-
back, who makes five ; first, the Caucasian or
white race, to which belong the greater part of
the European nations and those of western
Asia; second, the Mongolian or yellow race,
occupying Tartary, China, Japan, etc.; third,
llio Ethiopian or negro race, occupying all
Africa, except the north; fourth, the American
or red race, containing the Indians of North
and South America ; and fifth, the Malayan or
brown race, occupying the islands ofthe Indian
Archipelago. When all distinctions of color,
according to the resolution before the Senate,
are discarded these races are to have the same
rights. According to the theory of the Senator
from Massachusetts, who spoke to-day, we have
no right to distinguish between colors; that
color is a quality and not a qualification ; Mas-
sachusetts has a right to institute a property
qualification; she has exercised the right of
denying to men the right of suffrage unless they
have a property qualification, not an educa-
tional, not an enlightened, mental qualification,
not a qualification growing out of intelligence
and morals, but one arising out of the mere
possession of property to a certain amount.
Tlie Senator from Kansas is a very eloquent
advocate for the right of suffrage for females.
I have such a veneration for the character of
woman that I should regret to see her descend
from her lofty position of moral purity and
excellence to engage in the intrigues and de-
moralization of politics; and I am sure if she I
knew what they were she would- never desire
to do so. I will read from Parton's Life of
Andrew Jackson some of the characteristics
of a New York politician ; this is history:
" The Code ofthe New York Politician.
" I. Politics is a game, the prizes of which are offices
and contracts.
" XI. The game, so far as our side is concerned,
must be played with strict fairness. With respect to
the other side, all is fair in politics, as in war.
V III. In elective governments, all politics ncoes-
sarily resolve themselves into a contest, for the high-
est place. That gained, all is gained. To that end,
therefore, everything else is to be subordinate.
" IV. The people aresovereign—as Queen Victoria
is sovereign. Treated always with tho profoundest
deference, the sovereign in nothing.
"In England the ministers, in America the poli-
ticians, are everything. But tho sovereign is to be
humored to tho top of his bent, and so led.
"V. fidelity to party is the sole virtue ofthe politi-
cian. lie only is a politician who would vote unhes-
itatingly for the devil, if tho devil were regularly
nominated. One sin only is unpardonable—bolting.
"VI No man must be allowed to suffer on account
of his fidelity to his party. No matter how odious
to the people he may have made himself by his fidel-
ity, he must be provided for the moment it can be
safely done.
" VII. The party door must always stand wide
open-for the reception of converts from tho other
side, but shut rigorously against repentant renegades.
"VIII. Personal enmities a.re to he most scrupu-
lously avoided. In dealing with an opponent, ho
must bo treated with a view to his one day becoming
'one of up.'
"IX. Nothing.is more fatal in politics than a pre-
mature publication of the programme. Nothing is
to be done to-day which can as well be done to-
morrow. A surprise is often half a victory.
"X. Every partisa.il must contribute to a contest
both according to his means and his disposition;
rich, liberal men, money; rich, mean men, influence
and name; active men-labor; idle men, the show
of their presence; eloquent men. eloquence; cool,
shrewd men, management and direction; all men,
without one exception, votes."—Parton's Life of
Andrew Jackson, vol. 3.,pp. 122-23.
These are only some of the characteristics
of politicians; and if woman but knew the
secret history and nature of politics, she would
not compromise her delicacy and sensibility to
mingle and participate in them. The familiar-
ity and coarseness in which the elective fran-
chise with all its attendants would involve her,
would impair, if not destroy, the charm and
prestige which now encircle her, and she would
cease to be the superior of man. Her refine-
ment., feebleness, and unobtrusiveness; her
missions of love and ministrations of mercy
which now distinguish and dignify and adorn
her name, the universal homage paid to her in
all the civilized countries of the world, would
be tarnished by party and political association.
In the Republican platform of 1868, adopted
by the convention to which I have alluded, the
issue is distinctly and unequivocally presented
that the States have the proper right to regu-
late suffrage. Now, how was the issue thus
tendered met by the Democratic and Conserv-
ative platform adopted in New York on the
Fourth of July? In the second declaration of
principles of that great convention, we find the
following:
"Amnesty for all past -political offenses and the
regulation of the elective franchise in tho States by
their citizens."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that the hour for a recess is almost
at hand, and he asks the Senator from Mary-
land to suspend. It is essential that the Chair
should lay before the Senate certain.matters on
the table.
Mr. VICKERS. Very well.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were severally read twice by
their titles and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs :
A bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of H.
A. White ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1869) for tho relief of
George C. Haynie;
A bill (H. R. No. 1870) for the relief of Sec-
ond Lieutenant James Ulio, sixteeenth United
States infantry; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1280) for the relief of
Lieutenant Leonidas Smith, late of twenty-
second regiment Indiana volunteer infantry.
The bill (H. Ii. No. 1588) for the relief of
Solomon Oliver was read, twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 1204) to confirm certain
private land claims in the State of, Missouri
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 1867) for .the relief of
the Illinois Iron and Bolt Company was,read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1738) making .appro-
priations for the current ana contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 18-70, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 438) relative
to certain purchases by the Interior .Depart-
ment was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Printing.
The hour of four having arrived, the Senate
took a recess until seven o'clock p. jn.
EVENING SESSION.
Tho Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
ORE15U 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, I have not
troubled the Senate with any bills or resolu-
tions at this session, but I have a small one
here which I should like to pass before we go
into general debate. It is Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 191.
Mr. STEWART. What is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. A joint resolution which it
will take but a few minutes to pass.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. You have had pretty much
your way to-day; and I hope you will allow
me to pass this little resolution now.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot agree to it. It
is contrary to the understanding of the Senate.
The understanding was that we should not
take up any business this evening but the con-
stitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the Senate prohibits all other business this
evening.
Mr. RAMSEY. I simply asked to .have it
taken up by general consent.
The PRESIDEHT^pro tempore. Anything
can be done by general consent.
Mr. STEWART. It would hardly be right
to give general consent to take up other busi-
ness in so thin a Senate as this, and therefore
I must object.
Mr. RAMSEY. I scarcely think it right to
go on in so thin a Senate as this, with so im-
portant a discussion as that upon the consti-
tutional amendment. Does the Chair rule
against me?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
adopted by the Senate rules against you. The
Senator from Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VICKERS. I move that the roll be
called. I do not think there is a quorum
present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The roll
of the Senate will be called.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll,
with the following result:
PRESENT—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Harlan,
Nye, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Stewart, V,ckers, and
Wade—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew,
Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Oole, Conklmg, Conness,
Oorbett, Cragin, Doolittle. Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, tames, Harris,
Henderson. Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Mc-
Cieeiy. McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Patterson
of Now Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ponie-
roy. Pool, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyor, Sherman,
Spencer, Sprngue, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull. Van Winkle, Warner, Welch, Wbyte, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—56.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ten Sen-
ators only answer to their names, less than a
quorum.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understood that we were
to go on with the debate on the constitutional
amendment without taking th& vote ts-night.
