1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL.GLOBE.
909'
ate refuses to adjourn; but there is no quorum
voting.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (after a pause.) I will
inquire if there is a quorum according to the
call.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not; it lacks four.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Did the Chair announce
an adjournment? How was tike result of the
vote ? '■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lacked
four of a quorum. Thirty-four is a quorum at
present. The vote stood 10 for and 20 against
the motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the vote is against
adjourning, is it?
The P RESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has announced that the Senate refused to
adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is it proposed
that we shall do? I suppose the gentleman
having this joint resolution in charge will not
allow debate, of course, under the Constitu-
tion ; and I should like to know of the gentle-
man having it in charge what he proposes to
do?
Mr. STEWART. The Sergeant-at-Arms is
proceeding very well. Senators are coming
in constantly. There is a call of the House
going on.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But I think they are
going away faster than they are coming in.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; wo gain on every
call of the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The management of
the meas-ure is in the Senator's hands, and I
only wanted to know what he intended us to do
the rest of the evening. Anything he proposes
is satisfactory to me.
Mr. WILSON, (after a pause.) I rise for
the purpose of suggesting, as our friends from
the reconstructed States are absent and we
have waited an hour and a quarter, we might
as well adjourn ; but I am told that one or two
Senators have just come in, and I see the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] has
come in since I rose.
Mr. NYE. Two more are coming. They
are close at hand.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I came here a
few minutes after I received the message noti-
fying me to attend.
Several Senators entered the Chamber.
Mr. SCJMNER, (at eight o'clock and sixteen
minutes.) Now there is a quorum.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the fact that now there is
a quorum here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
believes there is a quorum present; and the
Senator from Maryland is entitled to the floor
on the pending question.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in. which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 112) relating to captures
made by Admiral Farragut's fleet in the Mis-
sissippi river in May, 1862 ;
A_ bill (H. R. No. 1871) for the relief of
David Braden;
A bill (H. R. No. 1882) providing for the pay-
ment of Captain Goldman Bryson's mounted
company; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1878) for the relief of
Jefferson W. Davis.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and jointresolutions ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate :
A bill ( S. No. 644) to amend an act entitled
"An act to prohibit the coolie trade by Ameri-
can citizens in American vessels," approved
February }9, 1862;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) relative
to the recent contract for stationery for the
Department of the Interior; .
A. joint resolution (S. R. No. 194) authos-
izing the transfer of certain apprapriations
heretofore made for the public printing, bind-
ing, and engraving; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 206) relating
to the mileage of Charles Westmoreland.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R.,No. 112) relating to captures
made by Admiral Farragut's fleet in the Mis-
sissippi river in May, 1862, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1871) for the relief of
David Braden was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1872) providing for
the payment of Captain Goldman Bryson's
mounted company was read twice by its title,
and, on motion of Mr. Patterson, of Ten-
nessee, was ordered to lie on the table for the
present.
The bill (H. R. No. 1873) for the relief of
Jefferson W. Davis,was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
suffrage constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing^ an
amendment to the Constitution of the United'
States, is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole; and the Senator from Maryland
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, when the
Senate adjourned this afternoon I was about
to comment upon the declaration of principles
announced at the Chicago convention which
recognized the right of the States to control
exclusively the matter of suffrage for them-
selves ; but before I make the remarks which
I design to do upon that branch of the sub-
ject, I will advert to one or two of the positions
assumed by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] in his speech to-day. I under-
stood him to contend that from the clause of
the Constitution which he read power was
given to Congress to regulate elections in the
States. If I am mistaken, he will correct me.
1 do not so read the Constitution. The second
section of the first article provides that—
" The IIouso of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by tlie people
of the several State?; and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
That section recognizes the' absolute right
of the States to regulate the qualifications of
electors for Representatives, because the States
have the exclusive right to regulate the qualifi-
cations of electors for members of their Legis-
latures, and the same qualifications which the
States prescribe for the exercise of the right
of suffrage for members of the most numerous
branch of the Legislature are to be the quali-
fications of electors for Representatives to the
Congress of the United States. There is no
power given to Congress to regulate those quali-
fications; but it belongs exclusively to the
States.
Mr. SUMNER. If my friend will allow me,
I desire to ask him a question just there, which
I have no doubt he will answer very easily;
bnt I should like to have his answer, and should
value it very much indeed. I ask the Senator
from Maryland whether in his opinion color
can be a qualification of a voter ? I should
like an answer to that specific question, can
color be a qualification of a voter?
Mr. VICKERS. Well, sir, if the power is
given exclusively to the States, if the States
have the absolute and uncontrollable power to
regulate the qualification of voters, it is not
for me to say whether their regulations shall
have reference simply to c.olor, or to.a- prop-
erty qualification which they have'in Massa-
chusetts, or to intelligence, - or to anything
else. The States may prescribe, I- Mppose,
that an individual shall be able -to;.read the
Constitution of the country. That, I presume,
would be a qualification which the Stateswould
have the right to impose. It is impossible
for me to limit the extent of the power of the
States in regard to this subject, because it is ope
of their reserved powers, and is a unlimited.
The General Government has no right to reg-
ulate this question of suffrage.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, to come back to my
original question, I understand that the,learned
Seuator does say that color may b? a qualifi-
cation for a voter. On that point I should like
to have his answer distinctly, because it. is the
pivot or one of the pivots of this question. I
understand him to say thg.t color may be.
Now, I do not wish to.intrude upon his speech,
but -I should like to $sk him whether he sup-
poses a State Legislature-could select among
the qualifications the color of the h^ir or the
color of the pye 1 Would the Senator say that
that could be a qualification under the Consti-
tution of the United States ? I put to him that
question ; I should like an answer to that.
Mr. VICKERS. Well, sir, that, of course,
is an extreme case.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. It is the very
case before the Senate.
Mr. VICKERS. It is not for me to say what
it would be expedient for a State Legislature
to do. It is not always expedient to exercise
the full extent of the power which is conferred
upon legislative bodies. But I would ask the
Senator from,Massachusetts jf the color of the
hair added to the disqualification of the voter
intellectually, is not a power in the Legislature ?
I would ask the honorable Senator if public
virtue and public intelligence are not the very
foundations of our Republic? Why, sir, how
can we exist as a Republic withoutmtelligeuce
and public virtue?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, but the point to which
I wish to call the attention of my friend is not
whether public intelligence and public virtue
are essential to a Republic, for there we are
agreed ; not whether they may not be recog-
nized as qualifications, but the point is whether
any inherent quality under Providence planted
in ilie human form by God can be made by any
vote of man a qualification for an elector?
That is the practical question which I put to
the Senator.
Mr. VICKERS. Well, sir, as I stated to-
day, there are five races of men. These are
the red man, the yellow man, the white man,
the black man, and the brown man. Now, I
ask if it is not eompent for a Legislature to
disfranchise or to withhold the elective fran-
chise from any one of these raees? Is not
color the distinctive mark of theraee ? And
because here is a distinct race, an inferior race,
and because this race has color, the race is dis-
qualified. It is not altogether on account of the
color of the skin. That isonly one of the in-
dications and marks by which you distinguish
the race. Have we not a right to withhold the
elective franchise from the Chinese, who are
of a different color from us and from the ne-
gro ? Would the Senator say that because the
Chinese have a certain complexion therefore
we have no right to disfranchise them because
of that complexion ? If they are a different
race, if they are pagans, according to the
speech of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
wiixiams,] have we not a right to disqualify
them and withhold from them the elective
cli 1 so ?
Mr. SUMNER. That is not the question. I
do not say that they may not be disqualified
for their paganism. That is another question.
That is a question of character. A man may
cease to be a pagan ; he may change ; he may
become a Christian; but a man cannot cease
to be a colored man if he is so made by Prov-
idence. The Ethiopian cannot change his skin.
