J.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februar^".*27 
Mr. RICE. It: passed tjie Souse, and has
beeh before the Committee oti the District of
Columbia for some time. It was referred to
me to inquire into. I made the inquiries, and
every one of whom X did inquire seemed anxious
to have it pass, and I so reported to the com-
mittee, and they directed me to report it favor-
ably to the Senate, and I was also requested to
call it up and secure its passage.
Mr. NYE. I do not wish to object to it if
I understand it; but 1 do not understand from
the bill itself that they became the custodians
of all the funds of all the lodges in the District.
I do not see myself what is gained by it.
Mr. GRIMES. The lodges do not haveany-
thing to do with it according to this bill.
Mr. RICE. It does not divert any money
from the lodges, but it create? a new fund.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the lodges have not
anything to d,o with it?
Mr. RICE. Not at all. It is for the creation
of a permanent sinking fund for a specific pur-
pose to apply to any Mason regardless of the
lodge to which he belongs.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not limited to Masons.
Neither the corporators nor the directors are
limited to Masons.
Mr. RICE. They are Masons.
Mr. GRIMES. They may be Masons now,
but they are authorized to elect anybody else
to become directors that they choose to asso-
ciate with them.
Mr. RAMSEY. That can be no objection
if the corporations are willing to act on so lib-
eral a plan.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the
bill if the Congress of the United States sees
fit to occupy its time in passing an act of in-
corporation for such a purpose as this.
Mr. RICE. It is almost a literal copy of a
bill incorporating a similar institution in the
city of New York.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
m'piierson monument.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now resume the consideration of the finance
bill.
Mr. WILSON. Before that is done I hope
the Senator will allow me to call up a little
resolution in regard to the McPherson monu-
ment., which is now lying on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) do-
nating condemned cannon and muskets to the
McPherson monument. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to furnish to the McPherson
Monument Association, of Clyde, Ohio, four
pieces of condemned iron cannon, four pieces
of condemned brass eannon, twenty-five can-
non balls, and one thousand condemned mus-
kets with bayonets to be placed about the
monument.
Mr. GRIMES. What on earth do they want
muskets for?
Mr. SHERMAN. The plan of the monu-
ment contemplates that they should have them.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bill and
joint resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 2009) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
National Lincoln Monument Association at
Springfield, Illinois, damaged and captured
ordnance; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 468) author-
izing the UnionPacific Railway Company, east-
ern division, to change its name to the Kansas
Pacific Railway Company.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 1204) to confirm certain private land
claims in the State of Missouri; and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
the public credit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it is
quite time that we commenced with the business
which we came here this evening to transact.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. l'744)to strengthen the public credit
and relating to contracts for the payment of
coin is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson,] upon which question
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the rela-
tions which we bear toward this great question
of finance are not those of a party. We, as
members of the Senate and members of the
House, are not parties to any contract with
anybody. We are here in a representative
capacity, representing not only the tax-reeeiv-
ers but the tax-payers, and the duties which
we owe are equally binding upon us toward
them both. In discussing this great question
as to what shall be done with the finances of
the country we must bear in mind the fact that
we represent both the bondholders and the tax-
payers. We represent them all, because the
two classes combined embrace the whole of the
American people and all the States. Thetax-
payers on the one side and the tax-receivers
on the other are the parties to this gigantic
controversy which is now upon our country
and which may rest upon it for, it may be, a
generation to come, in meeting these great
questions we must, meet them as judges, as men
who, under the Constitution, are clothed with
the power of dealing with them, not as parties
to them at all, but in a judicial or a represent-
ative capacity. We are bound to do justice and
justice to them both. If we deny the just obli-
gation toward the creditor, that is repudiation.
If we deny the just obligation to the tax-payer,
that is repudiation also; and it is repudiation
as oppressive, as unjust, as unjustifiable as the
repudiation of the public debt. We must do
neither ; we must stand upon the contract in
its spirit and in its letter. We must stand upon
the principles of eternal justice and equity,
not as parties, but in a much higher relation—
as judges upon whom the responsibility of de-
cision rests. There is no higher tribunal upon
the earth than the Congress of the United
States in dealing with this question of finance.
Ne suit can be brought by a creditor against
the Government; no suit can be brought by a
tax-payer in any tribunal against the Govern-
ment ; but here in this Senate and in the House
of Representatives the question must be con-
sidered. Before this high tribunal, having sole
and exclusive jurisdiction over the whole mat-
ter, stand these parties. On one side are the
bondholders, with $2,000,000,000 of bonds;
on the other side the thirty or forty million peo-
ple, who are the tax-payers, and must bear the
burden, whatever it is, both of the principal and
the interest. We are hereto discuss and decide
this question neither in the interest of the one
nor in the interest of the other, but to do jus-
tice between them both for the good of our
common country and those who are to come
after us.
Mr. President, when we bear in mind that
Congress is no party to these bonds, although
many of its members may be bondholders, that
Congress has nothing to do as a Congress with
the contract, but that it is sitting in judgment
upon the just claims of the bondholder on the
one side and the just rights of the tax-payer on
the other, Congress must rise to the height of
this great argument and take the responsibility.
In view of the principle of eternal justice, in
view of the contract, both in its letter and in
its spirit, Congress is to decide between them.
Now, Mr. President, this measure is brought
forward at this very late period in the session,
and pressed upon the Senate for its decision
at a time when our term is bo short that we
can hardly have an opportunity to consider it;
and when members of the Senate are so im-
patient of any discussion why should a ques-
tion as important as this be pressed at this late
period of the session, and pressed with haste,
with pertinacity, and almost with a> disposition
to complain of any man who rises here to give
utterance to his opinions upon it ? I say to
the honorable Senator from Ohio this is one
of the most important measures which have
been brought forward at this session, or can
possibly be conceived to be brought forward
at any time. And why has this measure such
great importance? Has not my honorable
friend from Ohio, in his speeches in the Senate
and in his reports to the Senate from the Com-
mittee on Finance, from time to time urged
the funding of the national debt at a lower
rate of interest? Have we not often heard
him, as we have heard many others, say that
this great amount of interest,at six per cent,
in gold is more than the people can bear, and
that it is necessary that we should fund the
debt at a lower rate of interest ? Sir, it is this
high rate of interest which is pressing upon
our people. It is this high rate of interest,
higher than any Government has ever paid or
can ever pay for any great length of time upon
a debt as large as this, which presses down our
people and calls for some financial remedy.
But what is this measure? This measure,
Mr. President, is in substance to put it out of
the power of this Government to fund the five-
twenty bonds at any lower rate of interest than
six per cent. Pass this bill, and what is the effect
of it? Let us see. I refer particularly to the
five-twenties, for it is upon the five-twenties that
this bill has its operation. This bill says sub-
stantially that whereas a conflict of opinion has
arisen whether the five twenties are to be pay-
able the principal in gold or not, for the purpose
of settling these "conflicting questions and
interpretations of the laws by virtue of which
such obligations have been contracted it, is
hereby provided and declared that the faith of
the United States is solemnly pledged for the
payment in coin or its equivalent of all the in-
terest-bearing obligations of the United States,
except in cases where the law authorizing the
issue of any such obligation has expressly pro-
vided that the same may be paid in lawful
money or other currency than gold and silver."
Mr. President, allow me to ask you how
you can fund the five-twenty bonds bearing
six per cent, interest into a bond bearing a
lower rate of interest after the Congress of
the United States in a public act expressly
pledges the faith of the Government to pay the
five-twenty bonds, principal and interest, ingold
at six per cent.? Sir, put the case home to your-
self : suppose you had $10,000 in five-twenty
bonds, and Congress now enacts this statute
and declares that the faith of this Government
is pledged to the payment of those $10,000 with
six per cent, interest, principal and interest
in gold ; and then afterward suppose my hon-
orable friend from Ohio should propose to ex-
change bonds bearing five per cent, interest,
or four per cent, interest, or four and a half
per cent, interest with you for those five-twenty
bonds, you would laugh in his face; you would
not take his bonds ; you would not consider his
proposition. It is impracticable and absurd to
talk about funding the five-twenty bonds when
you have passed this bill.
Mr. DIXON. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DIXON. My question is whether the
resumption of specie payments will not have
the same effect; whether if we were to resume
specie payments to-day the effect would not be
the same ; and whether the Senator's argument
does not go against the resumption of specie
payments until the debt is funded at a lower
rate of interest ?
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the ques-
tion of the resumption of specie payments is
altogether a different question ;■ a question that
depends, in my opinion, upon other considera
