1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
elections, Federal and State, at the important
period of a selection of national rulers, we
know it is impossible in elections for State
officers to present collateral issues or questions
of local policy; the minds, thoughts, speeches,
actions of the people everywhere are concen-
trated and employed upon the momentous
issues of a presidential election.
, Is it therefore right or just to the people
of the country now to refer the question of
suffrage in the States to Legislatures elected
under such circumstances, when the public mind
had, been diverted from it by the two conven-
tions.and especially led to other and different
subjects? If either party had designed, even
under such unfavorable aspects, to bring it be-
fore Congress, it was due to fairness and jus-
tice to have made the declaration public. The
pledge was virtually given in the two platforms
tiiat no such subject was to be discussed or
canvassed. It will not be avowed, I presume,
that the Chicago platform was designed to de-
lude or to deceive the people, to mislead and
make them the dupes of artful and designing
men ? Surely no one will assert the demoral-
ization of that convention, and characterize it
as an organization to deceive and defraud the
people. . Will any member of that body or
any friend of it make an avowal of such a pur-
pose on its part?, i" think not, for T can scarcely
conceive that any one would assert that the
annunciation of the great fundamental princi-
ple as to the right of the States to regulate
suffrage was not honestly and sincerely made,
"that the question of suffrage properly belongs
to the people of the States."
In this aspect is it proper or just that Con-
gress should propose to the States a funda-
mental article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion which works a radical change in the rela-
tion of the States and of the people to the
General Government, destroys an important
faculty of the States, trenches on their power
to protecttliemselves against oppression, essen-
tially alters the character of the Government
in its Federal attributes, and takes alongstride
to consolidation? Ought a question of such
magnitude, involving such vital consequences,
be forced upon the consideration of Legisla-
tures elected without reference to the subject,
and who cannot know, the will or wishes of
their constituents? In the formation of State
constitutions the power is not given to legis-
lative bodies; and when amendments are to be
made in States which refer them to the Legis-
latures it is after published notice and elections
subsequently held. The organic law should
never be changed except by the calm, delib-
erate judgment of the people, formed after free
and full discussion, when irrelevant subjects
cannot be introduced to warp or bias the mind.
The Constitution of the United States, which
is to affect the whole of the States, should
never be materially modified except after the
most careful, deliberate and mature consider-
ation. No spirit of party or of faction, no
favorite theory or dogma or policy of any party,
should prompt a change iu the fundamental
law. No motive but purely patriotic ones, un-
mixed with party politics, should be an incen-
tive to produce such change ; and under such
circumstances as should biing out the brightest
talent, the purest patriotism, the highest charac-
ter, audthe best experience in public affairs and
constitutional law. It should be remembered
ttha we are legislating for upward of thirty mil-
lions of people, whose feelings and interests,
prosperity and happiness, are affected by the
form and principles of their Government. The
object of all good government is to promote
the welfare and happiness of the people and
to secure the cordial and heartfelt approval of
every_ section;, not to create discontent, dissat-
isfaction, and opposition. To pass this amend-
ment as proposed by the committee or the
House would be grossly unjust to the people of
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Mary-
land, Kentucky, Ohio, and other States. The
idea of making a constitutional amendment for
the purpose of continuing party ascendency by
securing negro votes in certain localities, is a
proposition of such a monstrous character as
should receive the denunciation and indigna-
tion of every candid and honest mind.
I would rather concede the ascendency of
any party for twenty years or more it' the
country could thereby be shielded from any
infraction or change of the Constitution, and
its wonted prestige be preserved and continued.
The success of party is a paltry considera-
tion when weighed against the principles of
the Constitution, of public tranquillity, and
happiness. Parties are changing ; they have
changed. Mutability is stamped upon human
productions, and disappointment to human
plans and hopes; new generations are to suc-
ceed us, and the passions and prejudices of
to-day cannot impress their minds and regu-
late their conduct. It is only by adhering to
constitutional rules; to the pi'inciples of our
fathers, whose purposes were single and patriot-
ism undoubted ; by a conformity to right, to
justice, and by doing to others as we would
have others do unto us that we can expect to
establish a party which shall ''stand the test
of human scrutiny, of talents, and of time."
No legislation of Congress can elevate or im-
prove the physical, moral, or intellectual con-
dition o-f the negro ; we cannot legislate into
them any fitness or qualification which they
do not now possess. We may descend from
the high position in which the framers of the
Constitution left us and place ourselves upon
the common and degrading platform of negro
suffrage and political equality.
Public virtue and intelligence are the found-
ations of a republic; it can rest on no other;
can exist and be perpetuated by no other
means. It is a government of opinion, of
pinciple ; its officers and agents must be wise,
capable, and patriotic. The people who select
them must, to a great extent, possess the same
elements; they are to exercise sagacity, dis-
crimination, knowledge of men, of motives,
and of character; their judgment and ability
are to be judiciously exercised in the election
of officers to conduct and manage the affairs
of a nation ; they must have some knowledge
of statesmanship, of political economy, of
trade, commerce, manufactures, agriculture,
and mechanic arts, and of the resources and
wealth of the country, and withal a fund of
experience and common sense. Will the in-
troduction of the negro into our political affairs
add to the intelligence, statesmanship, wisdom,
and judgment of the country? Will it not
weaken our institutions and the confidence we
have had in their stability and lay another and
different foundation than that which was laid
by our fathers ? The negro as a class, as a
race, is unfortunately ignorant and supersti-
tious ; with some exceptions, he cannot read
nor understand your Constitution, is unac-
quainted with your laws, institutions, history,
and policy; he at present lacks independence
and that high sense of honor and integrity
which every voter should possess to shield him
from sinister or unworthy influences. lie needs
the very qualities and qualifications essential
to a free, fair, and sensible exercise of the
elective franchise. If you had a house to build
would you procure ignorant and unskillful hands
to erect it ? If you desired to have transacted
business which required experience, judgment,
and prudence, would you employ the illiterate,
the inexperienced, and the unskillful? And
yet, in so grave a matter as legislation, states-
manship, and the affairs, internal and external,
of a great country, and in choosing Represent-
atives and officers to discharge the most diffi-
cult and momentous duties, we are to call to
ouf aid the power of numbers only, which pos-
sess not the moral or intellectual strength to
render the slightest assistance. They may be
made the dupes and instruments of interested
persons, but it should be recollected that, like
the elephants in battle, they will be as likely
to trample upon friends as upon foes. No one
political organization can long hold them, and
they will become a tertmm quid which will
enervate rather than strengthen the body politic.
Mr. President, 1 have read of the prophetic
eye of philosophy, and that a statesman should
"hear thedistant rustlings of thewiagsof time,''
and prepare t.he ship of state for the storms and
tempests that may come upon her. I do not
pretend to any'greater knowledge of- coming
events than others, but from my experience
and observation, and looking from my present
stand-pointto the future, 1 predict thattfeadop 
tion of the proposition before the Senate will
be the certain forerunner of the dissolution or
deleat of the Republican party; it will sow the
whirlwind and produce the success ofthe Dera1-
ocrats and Conservatives—"a consummation
devoutly to be wished."
It has been justly said that sudden prosper-
ity is a severer trial to virtue than adversity,
and though spoken of individuals it is equally
true of parties. The Republican party, intox-
icated with power and flushed with victory, is
about to do an act at which the feelings and
instincts and judgment of the people will recoil,
and they will not fail to visit upon its authors
their indignant condemnation.
At the proper time, sir, I propose to offer an
amendment to this effect:
That no person shall be deprived of the right of
suft'rasce in any iState, Territory, or the District of
Columbia, in any election hereatter to be Ii-jIi), by
reason of having heretofore engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the United States, or for having
given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I will at once
relieve the apprehensions of the Senate by stat-
ing that it is not my purpose to detain them
more than a very few minutes. I do not intend
to protract this discussion, but simply rise to
express in terms as- brief and succinct as I can
employ the reasons which will influence me to
vote for this proposition. I can vote for the
proposition coming from the House or for that
reported by the judiciary Committee of the
Senate and offered now as an amendment to
the House resolution. The gist of each propo-
sitioa is the enfranchisement of the colored
race. That is the main purpose intended. On
the question of negro suffrage I had the honor
to express my views at large some two or three
years ago when the bill was pending for the
enfranchisement of the colored population in
the District of Columbia. I have seen no rea-
son to change those views, and it is not my pur-
pose now to repeat them, but simply, as I have
already stated, to mention to the Senate briefly
the reasons which impel me to vote for this
measure.
My reasons, then, for supporting this bill,
are—
1. Because I accept as true the maxim of
the fathers of the Republic, that all just gov-
ernment must rest on the consent of the gov-
erned. If, therefore, the colored people of
this country are to be reeoguized as citizens
and held subject to our laws, then they ought
to have a right to a voice in the enactment of
those laws and to a participation in the admin-
istration of the Government. To deprive them
of this would be an infraction of one of the well
settled fundamental principles of our political
institutions.
2. Taxation without representation is'tyr-
anny. If the negro race are to be taxed to
support the Government they ought to be
allowed an equal voice in the selection of their
rulers, who impose and disburse the taxe3. If
they are to be compelled to bear arms in de-
fense of the Government at the peril of their
lives they ought not only to be regarded worthy
of political power, but they should be allowed
to exercise it.
3. The welfare of the white race no less than
of the black race requires the speediest moral,
intellectual, and physical improvement and
development of the negro which are practica-
ble. While he remains unenfranchised it
were idle to hope for much advancement in
these respects. He will be a freeman only in
name. The incubus of slavery will still cling
to him, repressing all the nobler aspirations
and energies of his nature, and suppressing,
more or less, all effort to rise to respectability,
usefulness, or honorable distinction.
4. This amendment, when adopted, will set-
