1S69.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJLOHB.
mm
tions; a,-question which-is to be determined by
the revived industry of the country, and which
is to take a period of time, I cannot say how
long, but perhaps a long period before specie
payments will be-completely resumed; but it
does not bear on this question. I admit if specie
payments were resumed by everybody, by the
Government of the United States and by private
individuals, and our.greenbacks were as good
as gold, that the question as to the five-twenty
bonds would have disappeared, because, prac-
tically there would be no other money than
gold and silver, or its equivalent; for green-
backs then would have become the -equivalent
of gold and silver.
Mr. DIXON. Could you then fund at a lower
rate of interest?, Would not the same argument
apply to that subject?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question of resum-
ing specie payments is an entirely different, one
from the question I am now discussing; and
if my honorable friend will allow me, it is dis-
tracting my argument upon this bill and draw-
ing me off on altogether another subject of
consideration, the question of the resumption
of specie payments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin must not be interrupted
without his consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, Mr. President,
to return to the subject. There are some
authorities to which I should like to refer and
to give some information which has come-into
my possession. 1 have had placed in my hands
by a friend in the city of New York a copy of
a letter from a gentleman connected with a
financial house in London in which originated
the scheme of funding the first national debt
of the United States and which was carried
through to a success. This gentleman says:
" In this office in the year 1793 the first scheme for
'the mode of discharging the principal and interest
of the six per cent, stocks' of the United States was
first eliminated, and it was ultimately adopted and
carried out by Congress. It was an accumulative
interest ot two per cent.
" Having been intimately connected with the funds
of the individual States from that date to this time
it will be readily comprehended that I have steadily
followed and studied all the financial matters con-
nected with the different loans of the United States.
"It is evident to me that a large loan in sterling
money might be raisedin this country, the proceeds
to be applied to the payment (in greenbacks) of the
&ix per cent, bonds known as five-twenties. ♦
"A stock bearing four and a half per cent, interest,
principal and interest payable m sterling, and having
an accumulative sinking fund of one and a half per
ccnt., which would pay off the debt in thirty-one
years, could be negotiated at seventy-five per cent, in
sterling money, and this sum of money converted
into greenbacks will pay the capital of the debt at
par and leave a balance to the Treasury.
"The larger tho loans the wider the basis and the
more marketable it would become/'
, Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to remind
my friend of a fact at that point. We passed
•at the close of the last session and sent to the
President of the United States a funding bill
based upon that idea of having a sinking fund
of one per cent, and a bond paying four and a
half per cent, interest, and the President, with
whom my friend is so much in love, pocketed
the bill, and we have never seen it from that
day to this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
from Ohio is now raising another question. I
wish to discuss the point on which I am address-
ing the Senate, to wit, that if you pass this bill,
in which you pledge yourselves and the faith
of this Government that you will pay these
five-twenty bonds in coin, principal and interest,
at six per cent., you cannot after you have
made that pledge fund them at a lower rate
of interest.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator will allow
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend will excuse
me. I am endeavoring to make an argument.
I do not intend any discourtesy tp the honor-
able Senator.
Mr. CORBETT. T should like to ask the
gentleman a question right on the point he is
discussing.
. Mr. DOOLITTLE, My friend has just come
iu. I have been questioned by gentlemen on
the right twice on that point, and now on the
left my friend who has just come* iu puts the
question over again. I confess that for one 1
do not like the mode into which we seem to be
falling in the Senate of -the United States, that
the moment a Senator rises to address- the
Senate three or four begin to put questions. It
is not the best mode of discussing and arguing
questions, in my opinion. I think it beneath
the dignity of the'Senate. «« -
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator must not be interrupted. It'is a new
practice in the Senate, and a bad one.
.Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was referring to' in-
formation contained in this letter whiefr I
thiuk important. The'writer continues : [
"To make this proposition clearly understoo^d' -I
will-suppose that a foreign holder of $10,000o'f six
per cent, bonds, redeemable after five years; before
twenty years from date of issue, he gets $600 pfer
annum, which he sells for four shillings sterling per
dollar, equal to £120 per annum: but he is in doubt
if bis capital may not bereturned to him at any mo-
ment in greenbacks, in which case at this time the
rate will be two shillings and nine pence per paper
dollar, equal to £1,375."
He speaks as a foreign capitalist. He tells
you the truth, that the holders of these bonds,
both at home and abroad, feel an instinctive
consciousness that the principal of their bonds
may be paid to them in greenbacks under the
terms of the law under which they were issued.
" If he can exchange his bonds in London and ob-
tain £2,000 of four and a half per cents., true he will
only get an income of ninety pounds per annum, but
there he will be sure of £2.000 ultimately, and as the
bonds would be drawn payable at par h« would be
sure of the cash wi thin thirty-one years, which is the
entire period requisite under the action of this accu-
mulative sinking fund.
"But if he held twenty bonds of £100 each he might
reasonably expect to have two of them drawn every
three years on an average. The commercial world
has now become so used to the action of these accumu-
lative sinking funds and to calculations dependent
thereon, for the profits arising from the difference
between the par value of the drawn bonds and the
price at which it be replaced in the market that we
can and do estimate it in this instance at about one
half per per ccnt. annum on the capital. If this be
added to the interest it will make the total five per
ccnt.
"As soon as it is notified to the holders that any of
the present bonds are called in tor redemption in
greenbacks and that the coupons thereon would not
be paid after a certain date the holders would become
very anxious and debate in their minds the propriety
of sending their bonds to the United States to be
cashed or of making an exchange in London, thereby
saving a ll the commissions and other expenses.
" To show the effect of this proposition on a large
scale we will deal with having interest to the extent
of £-400,000,000 sterling now carrying six per cent,
interest, say £24,000,000. If nothing is done 16 alter
matters at the end of thirty-one years the debt will
be the same, but if my plan be carried out it will be
paid off altogether, both principal and interest.
" Each bond of $l,000or £200 should give the owner
the option of receiving the capital for his bond when
drawn under the action of the sinking fund either in
Amoricaor in London, giving three months' notice.
And the same applies to the coupon, which should
bo either forty-five dollars ornine pounds, at the op-
tion of tho holders, which is customary in the Euro-
pean loans."
The point to which I wish to call special
attention is that British capitalists do under-
stand that these bonds, which were issued un-
der those laws of Congress authorizing the
issue of greenbacks and making those green-
backs a legal tender in the payment of every-
thing but the interest on the bonds, may be
called in and may be paid in greenbacks.
There is precisely the same understanding in
the German market.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the evidence of
that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The evidence is the
market price of the bonds, precisely running
pari passu with the value of the greenback
as compared with gold. It is because they
know it was not a gold contract that they doubt
whether they can receive the gold. True,- as
parties to the contract they will press upon this
Government to pledge itself to pay principal
and interest in gold; and so will the bondhold-
ers at home; it is their interest to do so. But
what is the fair construction of the contract?
When these bonds were issued the very law
which authorized them to be issued declared
that the legal-tender notes which were author-
ized to be issued should be lawful money and
a legal tender in payment of every public debt
except the interest and except the duties on
.imports^ :Wh8n U is so -declared in the 'law,
and when you take into account tlie.fsct that
what the Government revived was depreciated
paper money, and when the bondholders took
the bonds they took those bonds under a law
which declared in . express terms that that very
same lawfuL money .which they loaned to the
Government should b%a leg^l tender, should
be received in discharge of all debts, public
and private, except the interest upon -the'pub-
lid^ debt and .^duties upon imports, th&y knew
tliat they took', the bonds subject to that con-
tingency. • •.
. I have no desire to waste the time of the
Senate; I simply wish, as briefly as possible, to
express my views on this question. I will refer
you to the authority'of one of the.ablest men
of. our time or of the last generation, who-is
still living among us—a man for a long time a
member of this body, the ^ssoci^e of Webster,
of Wright, of Calhoun, of Glay, w& of Ben-
ton, and in some respects greater than either
of them j I refer to Mr. Thomas Ewing, of
Ohio. , When speaking upon this .great ques-
tion how these bonds are to be construed in the
eye of justice, how they would be construed by
any court, he holds this unequivocal-language:
" The act of February 25,1862, which provides for
the issue of the $500,000,000 of five-twenties, provides
expressly that Treasury notes, which it also author-
izes, 'shall be receivable in payment of all taxes,
internal duties, excises, debts, and demands of every
kinddueto theUnited States, except dutiesonimpor-ts
and of all claims and demands of every kind whatso-
ever against theUnited State's,exceptforinterest upon
bonds and notes, which shall be paid in coin, and
shall also be lawful money and a legal tenderin pay-
mentof all debts public and private within the United
States, except duties on imports and interest as afore-
said.'
"This law is the authority of the Secretary of the
Treasury to borrow tho money. Having defined his
powers in this it gives him instructions as to the
management of the finances; but these instructions
have nothing to do with-the loan or thecontract with
the creditor no more than the economical resolution
of the ordinary debtor has to do with his contract
with his creditor. The creditor in either case has
ranch interest in the general good financial manage-
ment of his debtor, but a departure by the debtor
from his expressed purposes is no'breacn of the con-
tract unless it be distinctly inserted andexpressed as
a pledge. In this case the United States borrows its
own legal-tender notes and stipulates that the inter-
est on the bonds which it exchanges for them shall
be paid in gold; but the creditor is at the game time
told, and it is made part of the contract, that when
the principal becomes payable at the end of five
years hemustreceive inpayment legal-tender notes,
preciselythe character of funds which he lent, unless
by a new arrangement the creditor may give him
something which he prefers; and there is no pledge
contained in the law or in the contract, unless raised
by forced implication, that theUnited States will not
provide in due time in the way deemed most expe-
dient legal-tender notes to make the payment.
" What is said of promises made by the Secretary of
the Treasury and his agents, that the bonds would
be redeemed in specie, is so far absurd that no re-
spectable lawyer would venture to urge it in a court
of justice. The act of Congress, which was the Sec-
retary's power of attorney, was in the hands of the
whole reading public, especially of the capitalist and
his counsel, who could not fail to know that the Sec-
retary had no power to pledge the Government by
garol, or in any manner notwritten down in the law.
!e doubtless entertained and expressed a strong
opinion that specie payments would be resumed
before the bonds became payable, but the nation is
certainly under no obligation now to bankrupt itself
and.add its whole wealth for ages to the already
enormous profits of the capitalists in order to make
good the prediction.
" This settles the question as to the right of the Uni-
ted States to pay these bonds in legal-tender notes
it nothing more acceptable to the debtor and creditor
can be agreed on. I would then propose that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to prepare and
hold ready for delivery $1,000,000,000 in bonds, pay-
able at the option of the United States at any time
atter the expiration of forty years, bearing an annual
interest of four per cent., jpayaole semi-annually,
both principal and interest in gold, continue bylaw
the payment of gold for thecustoms duties andpledge
their proceeds for the payment of interest on the
bonds until they be paid and retired, and byapresent
act appropriate the proceeds of those duties to the
payment of such interest during the continuance of
the bonds, and'authorize and require the Secretary
of the Treasury, without any further a<?t of appro-
priation, to pay such interest as it shall accrue, and
exempt the bonds frqm taxation by the United States
and all States and Territories and all municipal cor-
porationsin any State or Territory or district within
the United f
Again, I quote his clear and powerful state-
ment of the true equities of the case:
" We are not bound in faith or morals to make the
fund which w« pay to the creditor for his principal-—
be it what it msfy, gold or legal-tender notes—worth
