mm
mBmwmmMUS£mA
Februai^a^g.
l&rgeiy.to it-? .. To Boppoae so 13 to forgot «ri<
tirely that the pruseut amount, mostly <dc& as
it is in a medium easiest to raise,,,weighs down
our credit, to a'deplorable degree. ' •-. >. • r
■ I aronotunranidful of tie indignation, as*
sumeder otherwise, which boDdhalders mam-
fest toward thosewlio, like myself,ibelieve that
it ia nofc unfair, to payin kind, if-of equal er
greater value, this borrowed mtmey,;aiid that
the creditor ias no rigte to .demand icoiu for
his greenbacks unless the contract calls for
coin or - unless we arepayingeoio whenthey
become doe 5 bat at the isametime I Will not
forget that thepeople. the many, have rights bo
less sacred thau the fortunate-few. .
The $283,000,000 of 1881 bonds oughtto be
and HnqueatLonably will be paid in gold, as they
were mostly purchased with that commodity:
in like manner the $221,000,000 of ten-forty
bonds most be paid every cent in coin 5 for
upon those terms the loan was made. Bat
■what justice or equity demands that the five-
twenty securities should be paid in a differ-
ent medium from tbat with which they were
purchased, especially if that medium possessed
a value far greater than it had at the date of
purchase? All this loud talk about the>dis-
honor of a refusal to respond to this extraor-
dinary demand of the bondholder shall pass by
me as the idle wind. Repudiator is one of the
commonest appellations indulged in against
the opponents of this measure; but that name
is equally applicable to him who refuses his
purse to the footpad.
I have already said that if the five-twenty
bonds were really payable, as this bill attempts
to declare, in coin, or its equivalent, there
could be no necessity for its passage; but the
very fact that the measure is brought forward
is a palpable confession of the truth that they
are not so payable. The letter and spirit of the
law are in harmony ; and these bonds should
be discharged, like the ordinary and multifa-
rious obligations of the country, in any lawful
money—in gold if we are paying gold when
they must be paid, and if not, then not. Should
business reach a specie standard before these
bonds become due, of which there is some hope
provided we do not rashly forfeit our credit,
as is now proposed, the holders of them wonld
have nothing either to complain of or deplore,
for they would be paid in current gold dollars.
But here we are met with the statement that
we are soon to reach specie payments in spite
«f events, and that the five-twenty bonds will
in that case be paid in coin, and the passage
of this bill therefore can do no harm. The
fallacy of such a position is easily exposed. If
we could arrive at a gold basis without much
delay, and notwithstandingthisproposedaction
the statement would possess considerable force.
But some calculation is admissible to determ-
ine the effect of adding this $700,000,000 to
our acknowledged indebtedness.
Before the war, when we owed but a few
millions, not more than fifty or sixty. United
States bonds commanded a premium of fifteen
or twenty per cent.: but when that indebted-
ness is run up to S2.5-50,000,000, they are
thirty-fiveper cent, below par. If it were
increased to $3,300,000,000, they must go still
lower, and we should be fortunate if we escaped
financial ruin like that which overtook this
Republic at an earlier period of its history.
•It may have escaped the attention of some
who ought to re member the historical fact that
millions upon millions of the old continental
or sage-leaf money became utterly worthless,
and very many citizens who had exchanged
their property, the produce of their farms and
workshops, for it were utterly ruined. It is
true that as a nation we were then weak and
poor, and, boasting aside, we are comparatively
so still, certainly poor if we may judge from
the rate our securities bear in the markets of
the world. Our population was then four mil-
lions, it is now ten times that number; but if
1 mistake not our debt is nearly as large in
proportion, to population as that which our
forefathers neglected to pay.
But we are told our resources are inex-
hauEtibtey aad mtich^aterafaAlen is madfeopon
agrertmsternpopnlationand baa mllees wealth
yet mifHieveloped. X seadys-response to this is
fernisb«tl iB the faqt that ourraneestors'had all
the undeveloped wealth of the new world, all
that has sinfie-been developed and allthat will
be forever bereaifter, and stilt they flatly repu-
We expect tor discharge oarxlebtki fall, prin-
cipal and interest, down-to;tbe,last ©gat, but
it may be well tossnggest tosihe e*e,ditbr before
hundreds of -miUjoBs mre aqnecBssarily added
to-enr'burdens thtat our fathers ^survived the
death of the continental money, and the action
of Waahington-and his compeers in this regard
is sot even remembered against tiiem..
•The persistent effort of the bondholders to
carry their point by Appeals to our fears and
false pride may eventually succeed, bat a vic-
tory gained by such device would be no less
dishonorable than the worst foTm of repudia-
tion, and in my judgment far* from advanta-
geous to those who are urging it. It may re1-
suit in utter discouragementof the people.
It was a great mistake in the first place to
make the interest on any portion of the public
debt payable in coin, The,object was to tempt
the cupidity of money-lenders, and itsucceeded
admirably ; but-it was a most unfortunate step
for the Government. Better have resorted to
more stringenttaxation, or even to forced loans,
than to have submitted to this exaction. Cap-
italists were more interested in the suppression
of the rebellion than any other class of peo-
ple, and their property should have been re-
quired to contribute to its overthrow without
any extraordinary inducement such as gold in-
terest or high premiums upon loans. The con-
sent of the drafted man to render his service
was never asked ; he was compelled to march
and to fight, and the capital of the wealthy is
not more sacred than the life or limb of the
poor. If '• it is sweet and becoming to die for
one's country," it ought to be equally agree-
able to surrender a portion of one's property
for the common safety. There was really no
overwhelming necessity for this promise to pay
interest in coin, and had half its evil results
been forseen it would never have been made.
About the only public advantage I am able to
see in that provision is found in the fact that
it prevents the exportation of an amount of
coin sufficient for that use. It is but poorly
disguised, even by the able and ingenious argu-
ments of Senators, that by far the greater por-
tion of the coin that was in the country before
the war has gone abroad, and the principal
obstacle in the way of getting back to specie
payments will prove to be the want of specie
itself.
An unintentional confession of the need of
| coin in the country before its use can be re-
1 sumed appears in the persistent effort of its
; advocates to showthatalargeamountis already
j in the country, whereas, in fact, the amount is
I extremely limited. One hundred million dol-
lars—a little more or less—are in the Treasury,
' but not nearly as much beside, in my judgment,
in the country all told. But for this reqnire-
I ment of coin to pay interest there would have
been no necessity for even this SIOO.OOO.OOO i
which revolves over and overin connection with
the Treasury, and that, too, would have sought a
foreign market. This solitary advantage, how-
ever, weighs but lightly in the balance against
the disadvantages to the country from that
source. The obligation to pay interest in coin
presents a strong inducement for the holders
of securities to depreciate their value. It is too
plain to need more than the bare assertion that
the lower the price of such bonds the higher
will be the yield of interest on the capital' in-
vested in tliem. Six per cent, gold interest on
a bond at par ig equal to twelve per cent.when
, the bond is worth only fifty cents on the- dol-
! 'ar, and nine per cent, when it is worth but
1 seventy-five cents on the dollar. The holder
I of securities bearing gold interest therefore has
. a powerful incentive to decry their value in the
j market. He puts money in his peoketprecisely
I m proportion as he injures the public credit.
i. It;is impossible.to, teUtowhafcpteeiseextfiirt
weto are governedby theirown interests} aad
equally imppssible.to prove that the extremely
low price of United States bonds all ak)ngjs
attributable to this cause.; Jrafcl cannot witb-
hold the belief that it has bad very Bauchttf>d®
with, depressing -their value. That the bart4-
holders have it in their power to affeet thfe
public credit at any time few will deny; unid
the «niy question to consider is whether or-aot
their interests would lead them in that .dizee-
tion. The reduced rates of our sec&ritieain
the markets o£ America and .Europe is apro-
found mystery if it cannot be ascribed to this
influence. The United .States six per cent,
securities are hardly'second to the best in the
world, and ought to command a large pre-
mium ;but the German banker, with au outlay
oi $75,000, draws his six per cent, gold inter-
est semi-annually on $100,000, which is eqarw-
alent to nine per eenfe. on his capital. He at
least can have no motive in -building up oinr
credit while, more bonds can be purchased.
By reducing it he adds to his -capital and hia
income. i
Suppose the bonds were silent as to the kind
*of interest to be paid, and the interest were
discharged regularly in current money thesame
as all other obligations of the Government, the
case would then be precisely the reverse. ; It
I would then stand the •creditor in hand to build
up the public faith. He would gain in that
case by the enhanced value of the money be
received as interest, and every detraction fro®
the credit of the Government would result di-
rectly in loss to each and every bondholder.
Further argument upon this head seems su-
perfluous, and I hasten to notice the disadvan-
tages of recognizing a distinction between coin
and the Government currency. But whenths
distinction is so clearly acknowledged by the
Government itself as it is in paying all its ordi-
nary obligations in paper and interest on the
publie debt alone in coin, the people individ-
ually cannot avoid discussing it, and compar-
isons are often drawn unfavorable -to the pub-
lie credit. This leads to frequent disparage-
ment of the Government securities, and it tarns
out that these paper promises are a much bet-
ter representative of the public credit than of
dollars. The reputation of a Government, like
that of an individual, for solvency is impaired
by being much questioned. 1 ,
! We have long been hoping that by some
, means we might succeed in funding our na-
tional debt into a security bearing a less rate
of interest. Plans for that end havfe been
introduced almost without number, and fee
committee that reports this bill have brought
forward at least one plan duriDg this session
for the funding of the public debt. But pass
the bill and you will have reached the end of
the question of funding the public debts' it
will be utterly impossible to effect loang at a
less rate of interest than that which thesebouds
which are already issued bear. When we agree
to pay the principal and interest in gold,
est at six per oent., who will be induced by any
motive you can present to take a bond at a taSs
rate of interest? No one. The suggestion is
absurd. The debt will not again be tunded.
It will be remembered that the public debt
affords an opportunity for a very large propor-
tion of the capital of the country to ■ escape
taxation entirely, and as a consequence the
burdens of taxation tall the heavier on the
remaining property. The interest on the pub-
lic debt, therefore, should be no higher, than
the ordinary net profits on prudently*conducted
business. It should in no case exceed thceleM:
income upon money;otherwise inverted Sub-
ject to taxation, which, as a rule, falls far below
six per cent.
Every inducement presented to capital to
evade active employment isa disadvarntage to
the public. Its tendency is tostilie industry atlfl
retard the increase of fixed capita I. And froffc
this cause possibly it may turn out that too high
an interest is disadvantageous in the long run,
not only to the producing classes, bat to- the
bondholders them selves. The beatruleforafl
