1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and made applicable to said lands; and the proceeds
of the sales of said lands shall-bo from time to time
paid .over to said nation of Indians until the total
sum paid shall be equal to $1 25 per acre for all §aid
made by virtue of said treaty : Provided,Hiat the
purchasers of said lands, sfrall pay the fees.and ex-
penses of their several purchases from th$ Govern-
ment as required of other preemptions': And pro-
vided-farther, That when bona fide settlers are found
on the sixteenth aud thirty-sixth sections of said
land the same shall not be reserved for'school pur-
poses, lmt other lands'of liko anaount in said tract,
as contiguous thereto "as may be> not occupied by
settlers,-shall be substituted tlierefor, and designated
by the St&te of Kansas.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill at this time?
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I object.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to establish a uniform rule
of naturalization throughout the United States,
for reference to the Committee on Revision of
Laws of the United States.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SPALDING, by* unanimous consent,
reported back from the Cpniitiit,tee on Appro-
priations the amendments of the Senate to
House, bill No. 1599, making appropriations
for the naval -service for the year ending June
80, 1870, .with.-a report recommending a con-
currence in some and a non-concurrence in
others qf the amendments ; which were ordered
to. be printed, referred to the Committee of tlie
Whole, aad made the special order for Mon-
day next after the morning hour.
MISSISSIPPI AND GREAT LAKES.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
furnish to the House of Representatives the memo-
rial addressed to him by Brigadier General B. S.
Koberts, on tbo subjeutof graining the surplus waters
of Lake Superior and Lakes Huron, Michigan, and
Erie into the upper Mississippi, Illinois, and Ohio
rivers,and for reclaimingtbowaste swamplands and
mor.asaes. of the lower Mississippi basin, by using
there the flood-Waters and othor delta-forming ma-
terial for that purpose. .
II. A. WHITE.
Mr. PILE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill (Hi R. No. 1868) for
the relief of H. A. White ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Paymaster General to
pay to H. A. White, late captain of company
0, third regiment of North Carolina mounted
infantry, out of any money appropriated for
the pay of the Army, the full pay and allow-
ances of a captain of infantry from October 15,
1804, to August 8, 1865.
Mr. BOSS. I raise the point of order, that
this bill contains an appropriation, and must,
under the rules, receive its first consideration
in Committee on the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This bill does not make any
appropriation, but provides for payment out
of any money appropriated for the pay of the
Army.
Mr. .WARD. Is there any written report
in this case ?
Mr. PILE.' There is not; but I will state
the facts'of the case. This regiment was re-
cruited in North Carolina under the authority
of the War Department, there being no loyal
State, government to commission the officers.
Captain White was authorized to recruit a com-
pany, and for that purpose went outside the
United States lines into the confederate ter-
ritory. He recruited bis company, returned
with it, and was appointed its captain. While
his Commission was in transit,to him from the
War Department, and before he had joined his
regiment, he was ordered b,ack"on recruiting
service to the same region of territory ; and
while outside the lines he was captured. The
company which he had raised was mustered
in and served for nearly two years, ha remain-
ing meanwhile a prisoner,. The captaincy was
Hot filled", but was held' open awaiting his
return. He was entitled to be mustered in
and to receive pay as a captain, the company
he had raised being on duty and doing service;
but he could not be mustered in because be
was held as a prisoner.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for®
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill' was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE C. IIAYNIE.
Mr. PILE also reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs' a bill (H. R. No. 1869) for
tlie'relief of George C. Haynie; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Paymaster General to
pay to George C. Haynie, late captain of com-
pany A, second regiment North Carolina infan-
try, out of any money appropriated for the
pay of the Army, the full pay and allowances
of a captain of infantry from September 15,
1863, to August 16,, 1865.
Mr. HOLMAN. ' Is there any report in this
case?
The SPEAKER. There is no written re-
port'.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this bill makes an appropriation, and must
receive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The bill does not make an
appropriation, but provides for a payment out
of money appropriated for the pay of the Army.
Mr. PILE. The circumstances in this case
are precisely similar to those of the case of
Captain White, just considered. The two men
were captured at the same time and under the
same circumstances.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed : and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JA-ltfES ULIO.
Mr. PILE also reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 1870) for
the relief of Second Lieutenant James Ulio,
sixteenth United States infantry; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill requires the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, in settling the accounts
of Second Lieutenant James Ulio, sixteenth
United States infantry, to credit him with $317
as post treasurer for the post of Savannah,
Georgia, of which sum he was robbed on the
19th day of October, 1866.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like to hear the
report in this case.
Mr. PILE. There is no written report. I
yield to my colleague on the committee.
Mr. RAUM. This is a case where an officer
of the United States Army having charge of
$317 of post funds was robbed of that money.
The evidence before the board authorized to
examine the case clearly establishes the fact
that this officer, who had charge bf the money,
was robbed without fault on his part by a sol-
dier who forced the trunk in which the money
was, and deserted, carrying the money with
him. The deserter was never arrested and the
money was never recovered. After careful
examination the Committee on Military Affairs
have instructed my colleague to report this bill.
I think it should pass.
The bill-was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEONIDAS SMITH.
Mr. WASHBURN, ef Indiana, from the
same committee, reported' back a bill (H. R.
No. 1280) for the relief of Lieutenant Leonidas
Smith, late of the twenty-second'regiment Indi-
ana volunteer infantry.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to audit and allow to Lieutenant Smith the
full pay and allowances of first lieutenant fro m
February 28,1863, to January'23, 1864,'In fiill
payment of unpaid salary tad allowances for
said period of time. • ! •'
Mr. WARD. Is there a report in the case ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana.There is.
Mr. WARD. Let it be read." '
The report was "accordingly read. ,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fl,n'd
read a third time; and being engrbssed, it-was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DAVID BRADEN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No,
1871) for the relief of David Braden j which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the applicant, late captain and
assistant adjutant general of volunteers, for
commutation of quarters and fuel" and three
months extra pay under act of March 8,1865,
the sum of $1,058, out of any money in the
Treasury appropriated or to be appropriated
for the pay of the Army of the United States.
Mr. WARD. I would like to hear a state-
ment of this case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Captain
Braden was regularly appointed and commis-
sioned in the Army as assistant adjutant gen-
eral, and was afterward put on detailed duty.
His pay was refused because he was on detailed
duty as a detailed officer. He was acting as
provost marshal in one of the districts of In-
diana. There is a report in the case..
Mr. WARD. Let the report be read.
The report was accordingly read. .
Mr. COBB. I would ask the gentleman
from Indiana if this officer did not have the
same quarters and fuel that other officers in the
provost marshal's department had furnished
by the Government, and if this is not an at-
tempt to pay him over again simply on a tech-
nicality, from the fact that instead of being
appointed from civil life he was transferred
from military service, being a supernumerary ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. This officer
never was transferred. He was for a time put
on detailed duty. Other officers, on -detailed
duty, as the gentleman is aware, drew their
commutations; and my friend, cannot deny
that an officer on that particular duty ought
not to be cut off from bis quarters and fuel.
He was detailed for a time, but his name was
continued on the records as assistant adjutant
general, and he was subject to be tranferred to
duty as such.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow, me
to make one remark?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. COBB. All the officers in the provost
marshal's bureau were allowed fu,el and quar-
ters in kind. They were furnished and paid
for out of the provost marshal's fund for ail ol
the officers. .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. This officer
was not allowed them. Not being a provost
marshal he was not allowed, as others were,
fuel or quarters in kind. That is the difference.
Mr. COBB. I would like to know whether
there is evidence of that fact?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. That was
the evidence before the committee. He got
his pay proper as an adjutant general and
nothing else.
Mr, WARD. How much pay did he get
while he served as provost marshal?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. ' He drew
the pay of an adjutant general without quarters
or fuel, whatever'that'is; I believe it is" $110
a month.
