1MB
rsm congressional xslobb.
February* 2#,
^bond drawing as low a.rate of interest &&ii
wiil sell for at par in gold, take the gold and
jredeem thesix percent, bonds,-and byrepeat-
ing that operation we can fond the debt. ' Bat
yori cannot sell a new bond bearing a low rata
of interest at par in gold nniil yon return to
specie payments. Therefore, returning' to
specie payments is the condition-precedent
for the whole operation. The idea has been
cherished—I confess I never thought very well
of it, but I know it was the idea of the Com-
mittee on Finance—that -we might fond the
debt in a four and a half -per cent. -bond. ' I
Relieve we passed a bill through the Senate,
and I think I.voted for it, providing that we
should offer the bondholders a four and a half
per cent. bond. We did not say whether the
existing "bonds should be paid in gold or not,
but we left them to understand that perhaps
they would be paid in greenbacks, and it was
thought that that would be an inducement for
exchanging the existing bonds for this new
bond that was expressly payable in gold. That
bill passed the Senate upon that very idea.
But even that poor chance c" funding is now
expressly discarded by this bill.
Mr. President, I regarded the other bill as
a bill for the benefit of the speculators. This
bill is unmistakable in its character ; it is a bill
for the benefit of those who are operating in
bonds and who expect to profit largely even
by a small rise in them. That it can have any
ultimate effect on the final result as to whether
the bonds shall be paid in gold or not is utterly
impossible. That does not depend upon the
law at all. It depends upon the simple fact
of our ability and our condition at that time.
If in 1882 we have returned tospeeie payments
we shall then pay our bonds in gold, but if at
(hnt time we have not returned to specie pay-
ments we cannot pay them in gold ; it makes
no difference how many declarations we make
on that subject. When you return to specie
payments you have nothing to pay any of your
bonds with but gold or its equivalent, and
therefore the exception here in favor of bonds
expressly in currency is utterly worthless, be-
cause we shall have nothing then but gold and
silver with which to pay those bonds.
Why, then, Mr. President, at this late hour
of the session is this bill so earnestly pressed?
1 do not doubt the patriotism of those who are
urging it; but that its only effect can be to im-
prove the present value of the bonds in the mar-
ket, and put money into some men's pockets,
is clearly manifest. The provision in it that
the greenbacks are specifically payable in coin
I regard as valuable, if it is put in to mean
anything. If it is put in as a mere placebo, for
the purpose of getting votes and allaying the
apprehension in the public mind, it means
nothing and will not be acted upon. But if we
mean what we say, that this currency is specific-
eally payable in coin, then we should begin the
preparation to pay it in coin. And how shall
we do it? By collecting the gold to do it.
You cannot pay the debt unless you have got
the money to pay it. You cannot pay the
greenbacks in gold unless you have the gold.
But we are told we cannot get the gold to pay
$350,000,000 of greenbacks; and yet we are
required solemnly to pledge ourselves to.pay
$2,200,000,000of bonded debt in coin. Wheu
we ask for the redemption of the currency in
coin we are told it is impossible. The Govern-
ment cannot get gold enough to do it; and yet
the same Senators turn round and ask us to
pledge the faith of the Government solemnly
to pay $2,200,000,000 of bonded debt in gold.
Sir, as the payment of these bonds in gold does
npt depend upon the form of the contract, but
depends entirely upon the future condition of
the country, why should we be higgling about
this contract? This bill ought not to pass. It
is tinkering with the law, not to strengthen the
public credit, not for the permanent good of
the country, but for the benefit of men who are
dealing in bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate seem to man-
ifest impatience, and I thought nothing in the
world conld tempt me at this late hour of the
sight to say a - word upon this bUi, but the
remarks wade by the honorable Senator -ftoa
Indiana are so extraordinary that I deem it
ay duty to reply, and if it were night or morn-
ing I would do it alike.
The Senator seems to attack with great vio-
lence the Committee on Finance ever since we
had the misfortune to disagree with him in
regard .to his plan to promote the public credit
and resume specie payments. We were not
able to report in favor of it, but reported against
it, and ever $ince that time' everything that we
have done seeaas to ipeet his disfavor. He
skys the plan .reported by ns is dead, still-born.
I suppose he killed the bill, according to his
idea. Let me inform the Senator from Indiana
that every word and every clause in the bill
introduced by the Committee on Finance, in
my judgment, will be the-law of the land within
twelve months from this time. This bill con-
tains one section of it; and I have no doubt
that all the other features of that bill will be
embodied in the law of the land. If we eould
have had a vote of the Senate upon it, proba-
bly by this time it would have received the
sanction of the Senate ; but every one saw the
impatience of Congress, the hesitation and
delay, and unwillingness to settle this question
on broad principles.
The bill that is sent to us from the House of
Representatives is not a bill of my own choos-
ing. So far as it goes I approve of it; so far
as it meets my views I approve of it. What
does it contain? The remarkable declarations
now made by the Senator from Indiana to cast
reproach on this bill will attract attention.
What is the bill? The second section of it has
been often debated and has twice passed this
body. What is the first section? It does not
contain a single thing except the preamble, or
in the nature of a preamble, but what the Sen-
ator himself advocated. He proposed the re-
sumption of specie payments in two years, and
then every dollar of this debt became payable
in gold. According to his plan the people
were to hoard the greenbacks and the United
States were to hoard the gold, and by this pro-
cess we were to get back to specie payments:
and because not a single member of the Com-
mittee on Finance could see any virtue in this
remedy of his therefore everything that we do
meets with his disapprobation.
Mr. MORTON. I enter my protest against
the declaration of the Senator that I have
attacked the committee. I have not. I have
imputed nothing wrong to the committee. I
attribute to them nothing but patriotism and
the desire to do what is for the best interests
of the country. But, sir, I have attacked their
measures ; and I suppose I have the right to do
that without having it regarded as personal.
Certainly for the distinguished chairman of that
committee 1 entertain nothing but profound
respect. But so far as the measures of that
committee are concerned they are public prop-
erty. Now, sir, in regard to the bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think I have given way
long enough.
Mr. MORTON, Just one word. The Sen-
ator stated that I intimated that I had killed
the bill. Did I say one word like that?
Mr. SHERMAN. About the same thing.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir ; I intimated noth-
ing of the kind. I did not refer to the fact that
I had said one word about the bill, but I did
say it died a natural death, and who can dis-
pute it? I did not say it was murdered by me
or by anybody else.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I dispute
it. It is not only not dead, but it liveth arid
will be the law of the land; and you here in
this bill will make one of the most important
and fundamental provisions, the first section
of that bill, the law of the land, and I suppose
that every section of it will be hereafter made
the law of the land. Now, in justiee to the
Committee on Finance let me state what those
sections were, because one of the organs of this
body cannot sit here quietly and hear its meas-
ures thus arraigned at any time, in the night or
in the morning, without a reply. What were
the measures of that bill ? The first wae that
gold contracts should be legalized. Here it ft
in this bill. The second was that $140,000,000
should be set aside to redeem the public debii,
and that will, be done unquestionably. Now,
more than that is get aside; but it is not applied
because the law is not put in force. The third
was to tie the fate of the greenbacks to the fste
of the bonds. That is done here by the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance,
so as to put the bond and the note precisely «n
the same fooling, both to be paid in gold; both
to be treated alike ; and I have no doobt what-
ever that at thenext session of Congress the
demand of the publie as well as the sense of
justice of Congress will compel us to authorise
the holder of the greenback to receive his bond,
dollar for dollar, for his paper money ; there is
no donbt of it.
What else ? The other section of the bill,
the only material one, was a section which pro-
vides for free banking. The Senator himself
professed to be in favor of it. He himself
desired and voted to withdraw from all the
eastern States nearly or more than one half
of their circulation with a view to place it in
the South, and then to compensate the East by
free banking. Those were the provisions of
the bill from the Committee on Finance, and
there was not one of them that I think the
honorable Senator himself would not approve.
But now this bill came to us from the House
of Representatives, and I will state very briefly
what, it is, for I know it is .wrong for me to
delay the action or vote of the Senate upon it.
What is the first section of this bill? It is
simply a solemn pledge of the United States
that all the obligations of the United States,
notes and bonds, shall be paid in gold and
silver coin, except only those where the law
expressly provides that they shall be paid in
lawful money. But my honorable friend says,
why the exception ? It shows that he has not
examined this question with his usual care
or he would not have asked that question.
Why, sir, there are some fifty or sixty million
dollars of three per cent, certificates expressly
payable in currency. If they were not excepted
from this declaration they would to-morrow be
payable in coin on demand at the Treasury of
the United States. Therefore this exception
is made. There are also bonds issued to the
railroads expressly payable in currency. But
for this exception they would be paid principal
and interest in gold. The interest on those
bonds is semi-annually paid in lawful money.
It was necessary to except certain currency
obligations. But we say that with regard to
all other obligations, paper money andbonds;
they shall be paid in gold and silver coin.
Now, sir, the first part of this section I should
like to see the Senate strike out, because it
makes the declaration clearer, stronger, and
more emphatic than I wish. Why? I do not
believe, and I never could reason myself into
the belief, that the law which authorized the
issue of these bonds made a discrimination
i against the lawful-tender money of the United
States. I think so yet; and I do believe now
that by a fair and reasonable construction of
those laws the bonds of the United States might
be paid in lawful money issued within the limits
and according to the terms of those laws. But
do we propose to pay those bonds in lawful
money? Certainly not. Wehave notthemoney
to pay them. We dare not increase the taxes
in order to gather in this lawful money to pay
the bonds. We must postpone the payment
of the bonds. I repeat that under the condi-
tion of our finances it is impossible to pay any
considerable sum of the principal of this public
debt either in lawful money or in gold. Cur
people do not and will not ask us to levy wore
taxes upon them in order to avail themselves
of the legal privilege or right which they have
to pay in lawful money.
My honorable friend from Wisconsin was
talking about taxes. According to his doctrine
he would have us levy more taxes in order to
gather in this lawful money so as to avail our-
selvt'n of the legal privilege to pay the bonds in
