1809.
CONCESSIONAL G-L0M
917
founded upon any of the long line of prece-
dents in 'this House, or upon the principles df
common law ; it is rather an appeal ad miseri-
cordiam. I trust there will be no objection to
it on the part of the chairman, [Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio,] or any other member of the com-
mittee. I ask the chairman whether he intends
to interpose any objection t^'the release of
this man, or whether hedesires't'o put to me
any question with regard to this matter? I
yield to the gentleman.-
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
as 1 remai'ked yesterday, I have no particular
anxiety iu regard to this case. I do not think,
however," that under the circumstances the
House ought to release this witness, because
to do so would set a very bad precedent. It
would encourage all witnesses hereafter to
refuse to answer questions put to them by a
committee with the expectation that their re-
fusal would be followed by no punishment,
except that if the^ should be arrested they
would then be required to answer and then be
released without the payment of costs. Now,
if the application of frlorance Seannell for
release were placed on the ground of his
absolute inability to pay tlie costs of his arrest
that would be a question addressing itself to
the clemency of the House! But I do not un-
derstand the gentleman from New York to state
from his personal knowledge that Mr. Seannell
is unable to pay the costs of his arrest.
Mr. •BROOKS. I never saw him until he
appeared here yesterday on the floor of the
House ; but he stated positively to me in the
strangest manner that he is utterly unable to
pay the fine imposed by this House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of-Ohio. But he has
stated no such thing, Mr. Speaker, under oath.
I think at least we ought to have the oatli of
such a witness as this, or satisfactory evidence,
before the gentleman should appeal to the
clemency of the House. If he should be re-
leased on the ground of clemency, or that he
had been already sufficiently punished, that
would be one thing. But I am not satisfied as
to his.want of money, and I do not think the
House ought to act without being satisfied that
we are in a condition to extend our clemency
by its being clearly shdwn that he is unable-to
pay these costs. Now I understand, and I be-
lieve, it is not disputed, that he has been- a
member of the common council of New York
city, and I suppose pretty much all the mem-
bers of lhat body are either rich or have had
the means—honestly, I suppose—ofgettingrich.
Mr. COVODE. 1 wish to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from New York, 'there
being so much time taken up with this matter
I have consulted with some of our delegation,,
and we agree to pay'our proportion of the fine
rather than consume any more time of the
House upon it.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me a moment?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I was not present iu the com-
niiLt.ee when this witness was examined; but I
would like to inquire of the chairman"of the
committee whether it be not true, as'I have
been informed, that when the witness refused
to answer he was told what would be the con-
sequences of his refusal, and he responded that
he was aware of those consequences, but that
they could not last beyond the 4th of March,
ar.d he was ready to take them?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Iam notable
precisely to remember all that occurred in the
committee; but my recollection would be^that
he was notified at the time that he was liable
to arrest, and he undoubtedly refused to an-
swer certain questions put to him by the com-
mittee.
Mr. DICKEY. Did" he nut say the com-
mittee might send him to the Tombs, but they
could not make him answer? -
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am not pre-
cisely certain about all the expressions.
Mr. KERR. I would inquire whether it is
proper for members of. this committee here
to disclose the evidence of this witness piece-
meal. Is it proper that this evidence shall confe
out at all until it is all published, or is any to
be given out which ought not to be published !
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
proper to state what occurred in the commit-
tee-room except' in the Shape of a report.
When the committee is called upon to report
on this- or any other question then it prop-
erly comes'before the Rouse. But conflicting
evidence in regard to w-Hat occurs in the com-
mittee-room-has caused the rule to tie adopted,
which will be found in the Digest, that 'such
matters must not be disclosed in the House
except in the shape of a report.
Mr. KERR. One word more, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from New York.
Without stating any of the evidence, I reply to
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Dickey]
by saying that while there did transpire in the
committee-room a good deal of conversation
between the committee and-this witness, it is
due to him,'and I think every gentleman on
the committee will agree with me in this, to
say that that conversation was all of a playful
and pleasant character, he manifesting no par-
ticular contumacy or willful deteminatiou either
to diatobey the committee or the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio, who says that a
member of the Common council of New York
must necessarily be rich 
. The SPEAKER here interrupted the gentle-
man until order was restored in the House.
. Mr. BROOKS. I am glad to get the atten-
tion of the House at last on a matter of per-
sonal liberty, a matter of the highest importance
not only to my humble aud poor constituent, but
to the great bodyof the people of the country.
It is complimentary to you as Speaker of the
House, complimentary to the silence of the
House, that at last, without any trial whatso-'
ever, without any examination at the bar,
without any questioning or cross-qnestioning,
with no privilege of habeas corpus, no right of
trial by jury-t—it is creditable I say to the House
that at last ■ its attention has been arrested to
the personal liberty of an humble and poor
man. Sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rehoe] declared sneeringly, contemptuously,
that this constituent of mine was a member of
the common council of the city of New York;
and therefore he had money enough to pay this
fine. Sir, the people of New York of neither
party, Democratic or Repnbliean, recognize
wealth or poverty as entitling any individual
whatsoever to public office. Office is as much
duo to the poor mat! as to the rich man. All
the members of Congress from that city upon
this floor, with the possible exception of one,
started with only infancy, indigence, and igno-
rance for their heritage, as humble; as'poor,
as apparently hopeless in their condition as
that humble constituent of mine who was ar-
rested and paraded here yesterday in the Hall
of this House, without trial by jury or any other
nrocess of trial whatsoever.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me a question ?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRBNCEj of Ohio. I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman from New York if he
states from his personal knowledge that this
-witness is unable to pay these costs ? And if
he will allow me, I wish to state further that I
am not the man to speak disparagingly of gen-
tlemen who may be members of the common
council of the city of New York. I have as
high a respect for all-men, however humble
may be their origin, as has the gentleman. My
own origin has been equally as humble as that
of any other member on this floor.
Mr. BROOKS. I am glad to hearit, [laugh-
ter,] and I hope the honorable gentleman will,
therefore, sympathize with poverty and sym-
pathize with the prisoner, who is now in his
custody and entirely at his disposal.
I have already stated to the House that I am
unfortunately unacquainted with this constit-
uent of mine. J never saw him before. My
eye never lit upon him until he was a prisoner
yesterday at the bar of this House. But as-
certaining thiit Tih is a constituent of mine, I
went to him and :o'ffei-ed my hand' and intro-
duced myself. I have questibnedhim astohis
condition, and I say solemnly to tKe gentleman
frtim Ohio that he states tt> me that he is utterly
unable to pay the fine which is imposed upon
WM', and must remain incarcerated'If ltd is not
relieved frftm imprisonment. ,
. I Was' asked yesterday, by the gentleirian'from
Illinois; [Mr-. FiRNSWORfH,] whom I So not
now see in his seat, why I, his Representative,
did not; pay his fine. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] will' pledge himself to
introduce no more or piy constituents here
upon this floor, taking them away from their
homes without trial by jtiry or any process of
law and incarcerating them here within the
prisons of this Capitol, I shall be disposed to
comply with the request of the honorable gen-
tleman'ft-o'nr Illinois. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if this constituent of his.is unable to pay
these costs ?'
Mr. BROOKS. He has stated to me over
and over again that he is utterly unable to pay
the costs imposed by this House, and the
amount is comparatively small, showing the
poverty of Mr. Seannell and refuting the
sneering remark of the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. LaWbence] th&t because he
was a member of the common council of Now
York he must necessarily be rich, and there-
fore the House could impose any fine upon
him.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to, ask the
gentleman whether the amount required to be
paid by Florauce Seannell is probably greater
than that gentleman was able to expetid in
coming to Pennsylvania to vote in our elec-
tion and marshal other voters there, for which
he now stands indicted? ' [Laughter.] '
Mr. BROOKS. What proof is thero of that?
Mr. KELLEY. That he stands indicted ?
Mr. BROOKS. Where is the proof?
Mr. KELLEY. The records of the court.
Mr. BROOKS. Where are they? There
are no such proofs. I cannot allow the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to make such a decla-
ration against a constituent of mine without
proof. 1 defy the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia now to present the record. Sir, no more
of my constituents go from New York to vote
in Philadelphia than there are'o'f the constitu-
ents of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] who go to New York to vote there.
Sir, where were the pipe-layers formed ? Where
were they cradled ? ' What was their history ?
Where was this "whole system of fraud and
corruption born? Sir, it was born, cradled,
and reared in the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. KELLEY. Will'the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question ?
Mr. BROOKS. Vefy well.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to know whether
this man might not possibly raise the money
he is required to pay by mortgaging his trot"1
ting-horse Hero, for which he is said to have
refused $15,000.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman has more
acquaintance with trotting-horses than I have.
I know nothing about what he seems to be so
well informed of.
Mr. ROBIMSON: Will my colleague yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. ROBINSON. I want to make one or
two observations, and in what 1 say I shall
endeavor to be' very careful not to add anything
to the complications attending the question
before the Hottse.
One observation upon what seems with many
to be the most powerful argument against this
man being discharged from imprisonment:
that is, that he said he would go to jail and
stay there until the 4th of March before he
would state what had been told him in confi-
dence. I think I can explain all that, there
is a very largo proportion, perhaps a majority
of the people of the United States who have
read John Philpot Curran's description of an
informer, where he speaks of a man who has
