JIB CO JSTGKESSIQN"At ©LOBE.
Februaiy 5i,
t cen buried by the British Gqyennrient qr sow?
official, thereof until he has lost all,the proporr
tions of a-man,*.and is thendug up a witness to
"offend the nqstrils of mankind as an informer.
Sow, I take the liberty of saying here that if I
had pledged my . word as a Democrat to a
Republican that J would not discover upon
liim without his permission—and I believe that
is the ca^e-here—jqn {night take me, into any
pbrtion ' of ^his Capitol building, you might
ei'en j>ut me into );he crypt that has lately been
(Jisg^'ver^d.'ih the i;ecesses„of the foundation of
ftis,pkw|i'l, and .there cut me up into inches,
before' I,' 'would turn informer. After giving
my .Vord tjiat ,1 would keep a secret intru,stea
to'itfe'in confidence, all the legislative bodies
aliid all the judicial^ bodies on earth combined
CQuld never by punishment or torture wring
from me one single word uiitill had got per-:
iffissio'n to reveal it from' the party who had
intrusted it t<) me. I suppose tbis gentleman
has r jad Curran and did not wish to be classed
with informers." That, sir, I think is an ex-
planation of this case. When this gentleman
was ,released from the pledge he had given
lie freely stated* what lie knew. I trust the
explanation I 'h'ave attempted to make, that a,n
iriroi-trfiris the basest of all: the base creatures
ojiuh^ 'fapo of the earth' ,and that this gentle-
.to .become, one, will be deemed
stffiicre^e^pTaniifion oftbe remark attributed
t,o him;' and that, he \j{ill not be further detained
or imprisoned on that account,
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman from New
York has stated, and repeated it several times,
what this person had told him in regard to his
ability to pay the fine imposed on him. But
I, noticed that he omitted to state that this man
was unable to pay it. Now, I would like to
have hira state here on the lloor of this House,
as a member of this House, whether or not he
believes that this man is able,to pay this fine.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bnooics] yield to me for an
explanation ?
Mr. BROOKS. No; I will not trot horses
again with the gentleman.
Ml*. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not pre-
sume to speak for the House. But I will say
to the gentleman from New York that if he
Will present to the House an affidavit of Flor-
nnee Scannell that he is unable to pay the costs
of his arrest without injury to himself or his
family, or if the gentleman from New York
will himself say that he believes that to be the
case, I will interpose 110 objectipu to the res-
olution he has introduced.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me ?
Mr. BROOKS. , Yesj sir.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I will not enter
into the merits of the discussion which has
been going on between the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] and the gentleman:
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] I have,
however, some anxiety in regard to the invest-
igation which is going on with reference to the
late election in the State of New York. To
my mind that investigation is of more import-
ance than it seems to be to the gentleman
from New York. If the House be of opinion
that it is not worth while to pursue that invest-
igation further, the committee might as well
be discharged to-day as at any other time. The
progress, however, which the committee have
made has led them to a very different impres-
sion. It seems to me, sir, that the House, if
it desires this investigation to proceed, must
clothe the committee with the necessary power
over the witnesses who may, be summoned
belore them ; and unless the House is disposed
to stop this investigation no witness should be
permitted, with the sanction of the House, to
egiiw before the committee in the manner in
W.hjcb this witness presented himself originally
before the committee, and yesterday before the
House, and then be dischargedandaliowed;togo
scot-free. There was nothing, Mr. Speaker, in
the appearance of the witness yesteraay before
this House, or in his appearance before the
committee after he was remanded to go before
them, that would lead me, to. .put any confix
dence in eveu the affidavit which the chairman
of the committee [Sir,, Lawrence,- of Ohio,]
has expressed his willingness to accept. Sir,
the witness failed to impress me as having any
desire to make the disclosures,which, whatever
his poverty, are in .his power. If is admitted
by all that his only excuse for, being in.eon-
tempt was the, poor and paltry one that he had
not the permission of the man from whom he
obtained the information to tell the truth
before ..the committee. He yesterday came
before the House, and stated that he now bad
that permission, and was.willing to state what
he had before refused to state. Yet, when he
appears before the committee, we have, so hi
as my recollection is concerned, quite a differ-
ent story; and although I am not permitted to
disclose the testimony that was given before
the committee, I think it my duty to say that
nothing in the examination of the witness yes-
terday can induce me either, to vote for his
discharge or to accept the statement which he
has given to the gentleman from New York,
that he is unable to pay the costs of his arrest.
These costs have been incurred in conse-
quence of the witness's own fault, with his full
knowledge that he must be brought here to the
bar of the House unless he would answer the
questions put to him by the committee, and—
as I am informed by members of the commit-
tee and by the officer who brought him here
yesterday morning—with defiance on his part
of the authority of the House and his assur-
ance that he was ready to take the consequences.
I say nothing has appeared before the commit-
tee or the House to induce me to vote to let
him go free and thereby to proclaim to all the
witnesses.in New York whom it maybe the
duty of this committee to summon before them
hereafter that it is for them to say whether or
not they will answer the questions put by the
committee; that if the committee should go to
the extremity of bringing them before the
House they will be permitted to walk away
snapping their fingers at the committee.
For one, sir, I shall not vote to discharge
this witness until I have some palpable evi-
dence, something entitled to more confidence
than the mere statement of the witness to the
gentleman from New York, that he is unable
to .pay these costs. Nothing in the appearance,
the garb, the attire of this witness, nothing in
his disclosures of his pursuits in New York, or
the amount of money expended by him in the
New York elections, nothing in the manner of
his living since he came here to this city, in-
duces me to believe that he is unable to pay
these costs. That he ought to pay them, if
he is able to do so, is my firm conviction.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry
that this humble man has failed to make by his
appearance a favorable impression upon the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] The gentleman complains of the
appearance of Mr. Scannell before the com-
mittee and before this House as not creating
in his mind a favorable impression. Sir, Mr.
Scannell may not be so good looking a man as
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts;
iudeed, I know he is not. He has not been so
well educated as that gentleman, nor has he,
like that gentleman, the suavity and address
of a courtier or a statesman.. He is but a plain,
rough working man of the city of New York,
nothing more and nothing less.
Mr. DICKEY. Do the working men in Nfew
York wear diamonds? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. Have you ascertained that
he wears a veritable jewel—that it was not
a mock diamond?
Mr. DICKEY. It looked very much like a
veritable one.
Mr. BROOKS. It is your duty, before you
ask a question of that sort* to ascertain whether
it is a jewel or not. I tell the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that I know many
a boy in New* York,who has rescued a rich
man's son from' peril •be?:the sea, or who has
stood by him oii the field .of battle, or in the
hospital, and ha-sreceived;for th,e service ren-
dered diamonds, or: jewels' which he cherishes
more,than any one everdid the stars o-r.-garters
pf royalty. , This nfay be a diamond of that
sort. If it is at all, I do not know. [Laugh*
ter:] But; What sort of argument Is that on a
question of personal liberty ? What sort of an
issue is that which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania chooses to make? >It is beneath my
power to describe it... It! may have been the
pride—it doubtless was the pride-r-of my hum-
ble constituent, in appearing before a com-
mittee of this House, not to appear in a work-
ing dress, but in the very best 'garb that he
could possibly assume; and if scime, one of his
fellow-workingmen lent him a diamond to add
to the' dignity of his appearance before this
august body they but discharged a duty- and
paid a high compliment to the^Ho'use of Rep-
resentatives, before whose august tribunal he
was to appear. Sir, I ask you, and I ask the
House^ if this issue made with a rough boy of
New York is worthy of the dignity of the
House of Representatives; if the question of.
the payment of seventy dollars only, theainount
of the fine, is worth the consumption of the time
«f this House day after day when-great ques-
tions of public interest are pending before the
country? I desire nothing but what is fair and
just and truthful in behalf-of my humble con-
stituent. I accept, therefore, the offer of the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio,] and I will modify my resolution by
making it provide that he be discharged from
custody when he has complied with the requi-
sition of the chairman of the committee. Upon
that I demand the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Would it not be better to
present the evidence to the House before we
pass the resolution?
Mr. BROOKS. Now, sir, is that a fair
mode of proceeding ? Is a question of personal
liberty and rights nothing whatsoever to this
House? If this man had been a negro he
would have been liberated long ago. Here is
a white man, a constituent of mine, appealing
ad miserieordiam of the House of Represent-
atives to be relieved from this fine imposed
upon him. ;
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Florance Scannell be discharged
from the custody of the Sergeaat-at-Arms without
costs on his making: an affidavit that it is not in his
power to pay the same.
Mr. BROOKS. " Without injury to his
family " was proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. DAWES. He has a family, according
to his account, of something like thirty or
forty, all voters. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. I did not hear the remark.
Mr. DAWES. According -to his own ac-
count he has a very numerous family of twenty
or thirty, all able bodied men, under his
charge.
Mr. BROOKS. That ought to entitle him
to the sympathy of the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. WARD. I think wc have spent time
enough upon this, matter. I move to lay it on
the table.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 46, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley
Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton
BlackbunU31aine, Boles, Bowen, Boyden, Bromweil,
Broomall, Benjamin F. Batler, Callis, Sidney Clarke,
Chit, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Covode, Oullom,
Dawes, Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Donnelly, Ecklcy,
Edwards, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott,
Farnsworth, 3?erriss, Ferry, Goss, Gove, Gravely,
