1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Halsey, Harding, Haugbcy, Hawkins, Higby, Hill
Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Alex-
ander ti. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham.
Kitchen, Koont&,Laflin, Lash, Lincoln, Loan, Loj?an,
Loa,"hridge, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead., Morrell, Mullins,
Newcomb. Newsham.-Norris, O'Neill, Orth, .Paine,
Perham, Pettis, Pierce, Plants, Polsley, Price, Prince,
Bftbertson/Sawyer, Schenck, Soofield, Shanks/Shel-
labarger,, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stover,
Syplier, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Up-
son, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Henry B. Washburn,
William B. Wsishbvirn, Welkei% Whitlomore, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James I?. Wilson, John
T. Vfi isou, and Windpro-116.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnes, Beck,
Bmgham, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Gary, Chanler.Dock-
cry, Getz, GloSsbrenner, Golladay, (Jrover, llaight,
Holman. Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard,' Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, William Lawrence, Marshall, McCor-
mick, MeCuilough, Alungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Po-
land, Pruyn, ltandall, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreavcs,
Ttiber, Tift, Van Auken, Van Trump, Stephen 1.
Wilson, Wood. Woodward, and Young—46.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
James M, Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Blair,
Boutwcll, Bnckland, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Churchill, Header W.Clarke, Cornell, Deweese,
Dodge, Drisgs, Eggleston, Eldridge. Fields, Pox,
Fronoh, Garlield, Griswold, Hamilton. Heaton, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Julian, Kellogg, George
V Lawrence, Lynch, McCarthy, Morrissey, Myers,
Nuim, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pomcroy, Raum,
Roots. Selye, Smith, Spalding. Stewart. Stone, Taffe,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimbli. Van Aernam,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne. and Wood-
bridge—60.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
miss3aoe prom the president.
Several messages in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States were delivered to
the House by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Private
Secretary, who also announced that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 219) for the relief of George
W. Lane, superintendent of the branch mint
at Denver. Colorado, and Assistant Treasurer
of the United States.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill tq equalize the bounties
of soldiers, &c., was referred.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I will not
object to that with the understanding that
when the Army bill is disposed of the bounty
bill shall have a fair hearing.
claim of mrs. harris.
The SPEAKER,-by unanimous conscnt, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives ;
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 23d of January ultimo, I transmit
a report of the Secretary of State, which is accouipa-
nicd by a copy oi' the correspondence called for by
tho resolution. ANDREW JOHNSON.
washington, February 4,1869.
The message and the accompanying papers
(relating to the steps taken to recover from the
Government of Brazil the property of the late
Mr. Harris, an American citizen) were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
alaska.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, and, with the accompanying papers,
ordered to be printed:
To the Senate and Home of Representatives ;
I transmit for the consideration of Congress a re-
port from the Secretary of State and the papers
which accompany it in relation to the encroacnments
of agents of the Hudson Bay Company upou the trad©
and territory of Alaska.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 3,1869,
coast survey iiepokt.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from' the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
annual report of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey for 1S68; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JENCKES submitted the following reso-
lution; which waa referred, under the law, to;
the Committee on Printing:
Reached, That there be printed twenty-five hun-
dred conies extra of the report of the Superintendent
of the United States Coast Survey-for the year 1868,
of which onethoasand shall be for distribution by the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey and fifteen hun-
dred for the use o'f the members of this House.
united states steamer leviathan.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House, a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmittingpapers.
in the case of the claim for salvage against the
Uhited States Steamer Leviathan; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
military post in new mexico.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a memorial of the. Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, asking the establish'
ment of a military post in said Territory west
of the Magdalena mountains; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
mrs. potter.
Mr. BINGHAM asked and obtained, by
unanimous consent, leave for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Mrs. Potter, copies to be left on file.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Callis,
on account of illness, from night sessions for
one week.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled, a bill
(II. R. No. 1451) for the relief of John H.
Osier, of Guernsey county, Ohio ; when the
Speaker signed the same.
official record of the rebellion.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby directed to inform this House what progress
has been made in the preparation and publication
of the official documents relating to the rebellion,
and the operations of the Army of theUnitod States,
as piovidcd by joint resolution No. 91, approved
July 27,1868.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate
had appointed Mr. Conkling teller on its part
to count the electoral votes for President and
Vice President of the United States.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 175) relative to
a recent contract for stationery for the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with an amendment in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill (H. R. No. 1344) to coufirm certain
private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1343) to confirm the title
to certain land of the pueblo of Santa Aria, in
the Territory of New Mexico; and
An act (H. R. No. 1809) making appropria-
tions for the payment of salaries and contingent
expenses of the Patent Office for January and
February, 1869.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested: _ _ ,
An act (S. No. 647) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Thonjas Lawson, deceased:
An'act (S. No. 705) farther to provide for
giving-effect to treaty stipulations between this'
and foreign Governments for the extradition
of criminals;
An act (S. No. 786) to provide for the pave-'
ing of Pennsylvania avenue; and
An act (8. No. 862) amendatory of the- act'
providing for the sale of the arsenal grotfrids
at St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri; atid' for'
other purposes, approved July 25, 1866-.- y' •'
public affairs in georgia. ,
Mr. TIFT, by unanimous consent, submitted',
the following resolution;; which was, ;under,i
the law, referred to the Committee,on Printing:.!
Resolved, That live thousand extra copies o£ thai
evidoneo before the Committee on Rcconstr nation
relative to the condition of eCffairs in Georgia bo
printed for tho use of the House. - •' ■")
colored schools in tub district} • •
Mr. BALDWIN, by unanimous consent, -
reported back from the Committee for the Dis-;
trict of Columbia, with a recommendation'that:
the same do pass, Senate bill -No.- 609, trati^-,'
ferring the duties of trustees of colored schools-
for the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia. ' ■ ' .
The question was upon ordering the bill t'&>
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that |he
several acts of Congress authorizing the ap-
pointment and defining the duties of the board
of trustees of colored schools for the cities of'
Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, shall be modified so as to trans-
fer all the duties heretofore imposed ujion tbem
to the trustees of public schools in said cities, s
aud repeals all acts and parts of acts meoa-fj
sistent therewith. _ . ' .
The hill was then read the third tims, and.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to reconsider He vote
by which the bill was passed ; and air x moyed
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post koute in ohio.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 18T4)to establish;
a post route from Greencastle, in Fairfield"
county, Ohio, to Royalton, in said county ;"
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to tho Committee on the Post Offices
and Post Roads.
joseph segab.
Mr. HOLMAN asked and obtained unan-'
imous consent for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the papers in the case of Hon.
Joseph Segar, copies to be left on file.
montana militia,
Mr. CAVANAUGH, by unanimous consent,:
obtained leave to have withdrawn from the files •
of the House the papers relative to the Mori'
tana militia, for use in the Senate.
payment of postage.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That tho Committco oil the Post .Offloo
and Post Roods be, and they are hereby, directed to
inquire into the expediency of so amending the postal
laws as to require all matter passing through iba
mails to bo paid in advance,Gxoeptihat now entitled
by law to go free, and to report by bill or otherwise,
StIFFEAOE.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. H. -
No. 441) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States relating to suf-
frage ; which was read a first aud second time,-
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
district couht, west virginia.
Mr. POLSLEY. lask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at this time a
bill to provide for holding a tei in of the district
court of the United States at Lewisburg. in
West Virginia. It is a merely local bill, to
which I think there will be no objection,
The bill, which was read, provides that* it
shall be the duty of the judge of the district
