1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
mi
lie asked in the form '<rf a speech and to be
answered by a speech I do not see that I shall
get a chance to speak at all.
Mr. MORTON. I certainly give way to the
Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate will ex-
cuse roe at this late hour of the night in saying
a word or two I very much desire to do so,
because I have heard doctrines advanced here
with the enactment of this law which has been
so much commented upon I feel a little inter-
est in it, that it should not be totally misunder-
stood and totally-perverted.
The honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,} in the speech that he made this
forenoon, undertook to say that the policy
adopted by the Republican party, who passed
the bill, was originally to depreciate Our money ;
that they passed that bill with the design of issu-
ing a depreciated currency aud having it depre-
ciated upon the market for the uses of the time.
Sir, the Senator draws upon his imagination
and not upon any fact when he makes that
statement. That the money did become depre-
ciated in consequence of the continuance of the
war and the great expenses to which this country
was subjected is true ; but that it was the delib-
erate design or the dream of those who passed
the bill to make a depreciated currency pur-
posely I utterly deny. There is not a word of
real foundation for the statement.
Mr. President, what were the circumstances
under which we authorized the issuing of these
notes ? Senators will remember that gold had
gone.out of the market. Senators will remem-
ber that it was no longer in the power of the
Government to obtain the gold. It was neces-
sary that they should have some currency in
which to collect the taxes which they were
about to levy, and something which could pass
as money for all the uses of the war. It was
with that design that they issued their promises
to pay; and it is a foul reproach upon the
character of this people and of Congress to
say br to intimate that when they issued a cur-
rency, their own promises, in which they en-
gaged to pay so many dollars to the holder, tliey
meant to pay less than so many dollars to the
holder. They guarded against the possibility
of it, or endeavored to do so, in every way that
they could imagine to be feasible.
What did they do ? They provided that that
money thus issued, those promises, might at
any time be turned into a bond ; and that bond
should promise to pay so many dollars with so
much interest, and that that interest was to be
paid in gold. I will explain presently the distinc-
tion between theprincipal and the interest which
existed. Was it the design that that should be
depreciated paper? Was it the design that it
should fall in the market, that less was to be
paid for it than the promise that it bore on its
face? Did they mean, when they said they
would pay one dollar, that they intended to pay
only sixty or seventy cents? Was that the ob-
ject? The men of those States and the Sen-
ator himself, had he been here, would have
repudiated the very idea as a reproach and a
seandal; and for a Senator of the United States
to rise here in his place to-day and say to the
country and the world that the people of the
United States, by their representatives, when
they issued their promises to pay, did it with
the design of defrauding the public, I say again
is without the slightest foundation in fact. Sir,
I meant what' I said, and the Congress of the
United States meant what it said, that it would
pay so many dollars. What was a dollar? A
dollar was defined by statute. It was gold or
silver coin. That was the promise; and a
promise which I for one meant to perform;
and a promise which the people of the United
States, through their representatives, meant to
perform.
Now, sir, having alluded to that, I desire to
say one word: about another point, for I do not
design to go into the argument. I utterly pro-
test against the idea that £w"0' Senators in this
body—the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] and the honorable Senator frorn:
Ohio, {Mr. Shebmak,] the chairman of the
Committee on Finance—shall be held asrep-
resenting the Congress of the United States
and the people of the United States on this
subject because their opinions happen to be
One' way. Why, sir, this matter has been argued
by the two Senators, and is argued by the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, as if the words
of the Senator from-Indiana aid the Senator
from- Ohio were law to all the' people of this
country and to all the representatives of the
people. I do not hold "them-to be law to m'e.
The Senator from Indiana talks &b'out raakihg a
new contract.1 Sir,'it is no new contract. He
assumes that as the'basis-of his argument.'j" I
deny it. It is the old contract.
Mr. MORTON.' • I assumed that on tlle ad-
mission of the Senator' from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And on the Senator's
own admission, for he made a speech hfere at
the last session of Congress in which he laid
down the same doctrine : and I understood him
to say at the time, very distinctly, that no man
who was a lawyer could dispute the fact; and
I undertook to dispute the feet at the time in
so many words. He may be of the same opin-
ion still; but it does not bind me.
Mr. MORTON. I never said that. 'You
cannot find any such statement' made by me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps not, in so
many words.
Mr. MORTON. TheSenatorcannotfindit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I could. That
was the idea. I am very positive about that.
It struck me at the time. It might have been
that no man of common sense would do it;
but that would be a little more offensive, and
I do not think the honorable Senator said that.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, in the report that he brought
in from the Committee on Finance, undertook
to say substantially the same thing, that that
was his construction of the statute, but did he
represent the Committee on Finance in that ?
I understood not; that he represented simply
his own opinions; and however much I may
defer to his opinions, and however much re-
spect I may have for him, and I certainly have
a great deal, as I have for the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, I wish to say to them that
they cannot get up here and argue at one another
and let anybody else found an argument that
because they think so therefore evferybody else
must think so ; and yet that is really the style
of argument that is adopted as between them-
selves, that they are to settle this question, and
because they have given these opinions one is
reproaching the other and holding him to it
as if that was the conclusion of the country
and of Congress. Sir, I undertake to say that
if gentlemen accustomed to construe statutes
will take the most ordinary; the best received
rule of construction, and take that statute as
a whole, there is no doubt about what the con-
struction must be, and that is that the principal
as well as the interest was to be paid in coin.
Gentlemen found themselves on this, and
that is all the argument there is, because by
the words of a section the interest simply is
mentioned as to be paid in coin, it not being
said that the principal is, therefore, as a mat-
ter of necessity, the principal is not. Sir, take
all the statute together; construe it as a judge
does; construe it as a lawyer does; find out
what the meaning of the law is. I undertake
to say that that construction would render the
statute ridiculous and perfectly absurd on the
face of it. What does it propose? It says
that any manwho;has a given amount of these
greenbacks, as they are called, may carry them
at any time to the Treasury and take out a
bond redeemable after five years and payable
in twenty, bearing interest payable in coin.
You must take that statute by itself, not as
construed by other statutes, and what would,
be the result as a matter of fact? Why, sir,
if the bond is payable in greenbacks which you
have just received, the result is all a person
has to do who has one of those bonds is to go
to the TreasuryandmieiVe his greenbScfePfiii:
it, if it may be" paid m greenbaclfsJ'W&d jteh
he steps over to the other side after he has'got
his greenbacks and' demands another bond,
precisely the same thing on the , same day,
within any five minutes j and thus he keeps
alternating from one side of the Treasury
Department to the other, going and getting
greenbacks for a bond, if it is payable in green-
backs; and< then going-Over to anothaK part
of the building'and getting «'bimd for it: re-
deemable after-Qve years andpayable' in ("wtenty.
Mind yob,'- the statute' repealed-IMrt
clause-authorizing thp'demand oft h e^b o rid Coir
^reenbacfcs'wasnot piassed^untiF aftetfrarcfj'^ftel
%Mn you "arecohsfruirig a contracfcariaif<g«p()h
a'-katnte ^ou cannot take a cottsihicfiofe thift
is -ifl^de; upon a part'of it afterward'by a'stW-
sequent statute; you mgst take-
Sir, the-Wbole' idea always struck rfie1® a per-
fect absurdity on the face'of .the statut&*ltslefIT.
It'.was sticking in a word, against- the* -whole
spirit and the whole 'meaning'-of that law.' -1
■will not argue it over at' length, because-it "fs
too late at night. I rose to enter my jtfdfest
against this' debate going out to the cftuhti-y
between Senators who hJtve expressed these
opinions previously and who occupy higji'pSsr-
tions in this body as the sense of "the hSdy.
It is not the sense of the body, as I tafte it the
vote of to-night will demonstrate,' if we 6rer
get to a vbte'on this subject.
Now, sir, what does 'the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin propose as a meahs of getting
out of this difficulty and paying off our'cfe'bt?
That we shall issue our 'bonds-and *gb.ijft<? a
foreign market and borrow gold? that we Shall
then come into this market "with the gold and
buy up our depreciated paper and pay'off ojr
old'six per cent, bonds? that we shall (rad^in
that way and settle our debts in that way"?' Sir,
what would be thought of a private individual,
a merchant, if he dealt in that way? "Would
you not call him a knave ? Would you not:say
hewasacheat? Would yon trust him? Would
you have any confidence in his contract? Wotfld
you sell him a chest'of tea or a bushel of corn?
It is nothing but flat knavery-, it is flat cheat*
ing; nothing more nor less than that; and when
that is put forth as the doctrine of the Demo-
cratic party, as a new phase of the doctrine of
repudiation, which they advanced' in' the; last
canvass, and which the people repudiated/ I
trust it will meet the same fate. It certainly
deserves it. That is the short and the long of
the proposition; the plain construction of it;
and unless we mean 
Mr. DIXON. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is out of order
under the notification we have received.
Mr. WILSON and others. I object.
Mr. DIXON. With the Senator's consent
I will ask him a question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, ask' it. " I
have-no objection. '
Mr. DIXON. I desire to ask the Senator
whether it is any more knavery when, pro-
pounded by the Senator from Wisconsin" than
the same doctrine precisely when propounded
by, the Senator from Indiana ? Anything that
comes from the • Senator from Wiscon's'in'.'is.
called Democratic.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I stated that
it was so because I did not hear the Senator
from Indiana propound that doctrine,(,and I
did hear the Senator from Wisconsin propound
it; and as I have listened to the debate to-day,
from divers and sundry gentlemen o;fthe Dem-
ocratic party I see that this is to "be. their plat-
form hereafter.
Mr. Dixon rose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not my friend's. I de-
sire to exclude him, for he has put himself upon
a proper platform. I only hope, with'the com-
pany around him, he may be able to stand upon
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DIXON. Ifthe Senator will allow me,
he does not seem to hear what falls from th^
lips of the honorable Senator from Ohio and*
the honorable Senator from Indian's.' "Be" only
