1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their irredeemable notes. So long, as those
notes were redeemable in coin they possessed a
standard of value; but they had no such stand-
ard after the banks suspended.
No one who considers the amount of money
that was required, or who reflects upon what
the condition of the country might.have been
if the Government had been compelled to
depend oil .the banks and use their notes for
money, can now entertain any doubt that Con-
gress deteided-wisely in resisting the pressure to
use the irredeemable notes of the banks, and in
authorizing the .issue by-the Treasury Depart-
ment of legal-tender notes. In the course of the
war the Treasury Department foundit necessary
to issue .more than one thousand million dollars
in notes of different kinds, to be paid out of
.the Treasury as legal-tender, money. If the
Government had relied on the banks for that
amount, each one of the fifteen hundred or more
State banks then in existence, stimulated by
the immense profit of such a circulation, and
unrestrained by any law to limit the amount
of their circulation, would have competed to
increase their issues to the greatest possible
extent. The security of their notes would
have depended solely .on. the management and
solvency, of each one of-them—a solvency diffi-
cult to be tested so long as the suspension con-
tinued; yet the loss of public confidence in a
few might have, been destructive of general
confidence in all the banks; the effect of which
would have been to produce a financial crisis
tha). would have paralyzed the business of the
country, and the operations of the Treasury,
find might have disbanded the armies in the
field.
The emergency of the war required that
the Government should avail itself of all its
resources to meet the demands of the public
service. The right to furnish paper money for
the currency of the country was claimed to he
one of those resources, and a fruitful one, to
supply the pressing needs of the Treasury.
Congress deemed it just and right for the Gov-
ernment to exercise that power for the common
benefit and the common welfare. No argu-
ment or reason against the exercise by the
.Government of that privilege was urged by any
one who considered the claims of the public
service superior to the claims of private inter-
est: though some opponents urged as an objec-
tion, the advantages of coined money over the
legal-tender notes, as if the problem to be
solved at that time was what constituted the
soundest and best medium for the currency of
a commercial country, when the real question
at issue was in regard to the most available
rnode of providing temporarily for a great
and pressing emergency which had suddenly
occurred and threatened the overthrow of the
Government.
The legal-tender notes were deemed by those
who advocated their issue as a temporary meas-
ure forced upon the Government by the ex-
igencies of the war. But no one who advocated
the laws authorizing the issue of the notes con-
sidered them otherwise than as an expedient
originating in necessity, and to be terminated
whenever that necessity should cease. It did
not seem possible then that the time could
arrive when any one would look with satisfac-
tion to the possibility of their indefinite contin-
uance, and advocate their permanency as an
improvement on the system of money ordained
and established by the Constitution and by
law.
The value of an irredeemable paper money
is affected largely at times by public confidence
in the disposition and power to redeem it.
This -was the inducement for speculators to
keep up a public .excitement by false rumors
and exaggerated reports of successes or disas-
ters during the war; atone period of which
the premium on gold was from 150 to 180 per
cent., makin the legal-tender dollar worth only
from thirty-six to forty cents of coined money.
The constant variations from day to day in
the rate of premium on gold, which indicate
the value at the time of the legal-tender notes,
are to some extent the result of public opin-
ion in regard to the future; but they are mainly
produced by skillful manipulations of events,
or of rumors and repocts, to-affect public sen-
timent in regard to the public credit. Allow-
ing for these daily and hourly variations, the
value of the legal-tender notes depends on the
extent to which they have been or may be
issued.
It tos been often urged as an argument in
favor of increasing the amount, and of paying
the' bonds with increased issues of legal-tender
notes, that the money which is good enough
-for the wages of labor and to pay bounties and
pensions is- good enough for the bondholders.
Congress should maintain, on the contrary,
that the money now paid for wages and boun-
ties and pensions is not good enough for that
purpose ; and should insist on those payments
being made in money as good as that which the
bondholder receives; and this will' be brought
about by raising the standard of the legal-ten-
der notes until they are equal in value to coined
money. If, on the other hand, Congress should,
by increasing' the issue of legal-tender notes,
reduce,the value of the dollar below what it is
now, the soldier and the pensioner, for whose
benefit the bouuty laws and the pension laws
were passed, may well consider that Congress
places itself in the category of those—
" That keep the word of promise to our ear,
And break it to our hope."
The greatest benefits are often secured to
nations and calamities averted by discussions
which lead to the detection of false principles
and the establishment of sound ones upon
points of leading importance to the public wel-
fare. No one, therefore, should object to the
time occupied with this subject, which existing
circumstances now force upon the attention in
a way that will not permit Congress to avoid
it. Simiiar circumstances existed some time
since in Great Britain', and rendered similar
questions, for many- years, the leading topic
there of thought and discussion; and we have
the benefit of the labors of the statesmen who
took part then in those debates, as well as all
the advantages of their experience and the
knowledge of their mistakes.
The various definitions and the different
acceptations of the term " money " have con-
tributed to produce much of the doubt and un-
certainty and differences of opinion which have
prevailed, and embarrassed the discussion of
measures proposed with the view of improving
the condition of the currency and finances, it
seems necessary, therefore, that the meaning
attached to the term "money" should be dis-
tinctly defined and understood to render intel-
ligible any discussion of such measures.
The true meaning and character of the term
"money" could not be more accurately de-
scribed than in the famous treatise " on the
Currency of Great Britain," by Mr. Huskisson,
theeminent statesman, who did more, perhaps,
than any or all of the great statesmen of his
time to enlighten the public mind with correct
knowlege of the subject of currency and of the
importance of securing its convertibility. In
the following extract from that treatise Mr.
Huskisson defines concisely the character and
functions of money and its paper substitutes:
"Honey, or a given quantity of gold and silver, is
not only the common measure and common repre-
sentative of all other commodities, but also the uni-
versal equivalent.
"Tho money or coin of a country is so much of its
capital. Paper currency is no part of the capital of
a country. It is so much circulating credit.
"Whoever buys gives, whoever sells receives, such
a quantity of pure gold or silver as is equivalent to
the article bought or sold; or if he gives or receives
pai>er instead of money, he gives or receives that
which is valuablo only as it stipulates the payment
of a given quantity of gold and silver. So long as
this engagement is punctually fulfilled paper will of
course pass current with the coin with which it is
constantly interchangeable.
"Both money, therefore, and paper promissory of
money, are common measures and representatives of
the value of all commodities. But money alone is
the universal equivalent; paper currency is the rep-
resentative of that money.
" Of paper currency, however, there are two sorts,
the one resting upon confidence, the other upon
authority. Paper resting upon confidence is what
I have described as circulating credit, and consists
in engagements for the payment, oil demand, of any
specific sums of money, which, engagements, from a
general trust hi the issuers of such paper, they ace
enabled to substitute for money in the transaction^
of the community. Paper resting liiion authority is
what, in common language, is called paper mouey,
and consists in engagements issued and circulated
under the sanction and by the immediate interven-
tion of the public powers of theState.1' •"
"The right and duty of coining/which in every
independent State is one of the most important at-
tribotes-"of sovereignty, consists in affixing to certain
pieces of thenreoioua metals a stainp which becomes
to the subject of that State, and to.all the world a
public vouchor that such piece, according toitsfds-
nomination, is of the weiglit and fineness fixed by
the law of-that State. The publia honor and integ-
rity of the legislature are pledged to the lidoiity and
exactness of the voucher which is thus issued in the
name of the sovereign. There is not, therefore, nor
can there be any difference whatever between any
.given coin and an nncoined piece of the same metal
of equal weight and fineness, except that t!)e quan-
tity of the form er is accurately ascertained and pub-
licly proclaimed to all the world by the stamp which
it bears.
"Price, therefore, is the value of any given article
in the currency by reference to which that article is
measured, and must of course be varied by any vari-
ation inthe quantity of gold and silvor contained in
such enrrency."
The law of England sectures to -every man
that he shall not be compelled to take'in satis-
faction of a legal debt less than the'expressed
amount of that debt in coin; and distinctly
provides that he shall not be obliged to receive,
as the representative of the coin, any promise
of payment or other article which will not pro-
cure that quantity of coin. Such was the con-
dition of the currency and the state of the law
in this country before the banks suspended
specie payments and before thelaw authorizing
legal-tender notes. Previous toi.that time the
notes which the banks issued for circulation
as money were engagements payable on de-
mand in specie, and therefore come strictly
within what Mr. Huskisson oalls " circulating
credit."
"The legal-tender notes and the national bank
notes are only paper money circulating under
the sanction of the Government by the imme-
diate intervention of the public power; like
the paper money of Austria, of Buenos Ayres,
and a few other countries that have become
bankrupt in their resources.
It would seem that Congress should not suf-
fer the stigma Of insolvency to attach to any
obligations of the United States when one con-
siders the abundant resources possessed by. the
country—the immense and increasing prod-
ucts of its territory, the extent of its manu-
facturing power, and its increasing inland and
foreign commerce. There are now in circu-
•lation $390,000,000 of the obligations of the
Government, consisting of promises of pay-
ment which are passing at less than three
quarters of their nominal value, because of
the uncertainty when the Government will pay
them, and at what rate, if they are, ever paid.
The national bank notes are depreciated to
the same extent, because they can have no
higher value than the Government notes in
which they may be redeemed. And the bonds
of the Government naturally follow them, and
are necessarily reduced in value in nearly the
same proportion. The best evidence of the
extent to which the credit of the United States
is depreciated may be found by comparing the
price of our interest-bearing securities with
those of other countries, at the London Ex-
change, or in the other great money Renters
of Europe. While six per cent,-bonds of the
Uuited States sell in London at less than sev-
enty-five per cent, of their value at par, bonds
of the kingdom of Denmark, bearing only four
per cent, interest, are sold at eighty-six and a
half per cent., and five per cent, bonds of that
kingdom sell at par.
Inasmuch as gold and silver coin is capital
engaged in an unproductive employment, no
one would wish to proscribe the use of paper
money ; on the contrary, its circulation should
be encouraged, just so far as may be consistent
with its being at all times kept invariably at
par with coin, by being constantly exchange-
able and convertible into specie, at the option
of the holder. But to remedy th% present dif-
ficulties, caused by the depreciation of the cur-
rency, measures must be adopted that will
