924
BHE' COM&EESSIOME ^ &LGM2.
February 5,
ibriag about an early resumption of specie pay-
ments.1 • The. precautions which should be
observed in preparing for it, and the precise
period when the resumption should take effect.,
-80 that it may'be brought about in such mail-
net and under -such condition s as will produce
the least trouble and embarrassments to the
business of the country, fnaywell engage" th'e
grave deli:bsrfttipn ' of Co;ng.vessr which alone
hM th'e power t® determine and control the
-.subject'• "• ' '
Theresiimptiou cif" specie payments is en-
tirely within the power-of the Government.
The bartfes can exercise no control- over it ex-
cept through their influence, with Congress.'
Whenever the iegal-tendernotes are withdrawn,
the banks Wiilbe obliged to provide coih in place
of them, as the only.lawful money in wMqJi their
obligations canthen be redeemed.
When the legal-tender notes are convertible
into gold at par, the specie basis is practically
reached. The-national hank notes will then rep-
resent specie, as they will bo convertible into
lawful money, and lawful money is either eoin,
or legal-tender notes which will then be the
-equivalent of coin. No' law ordaining specie
payments Will avail anything without reducing
the volume o£"tbe Money to the quantity.re-
quired to make the exchanges for -which it is
used at par- with: coin. As well may Congress
enact that people shall pay their debts whether
able to do so or not. Something more than a
simple legislative eniactment to resume specie
payments "will be necessary before that desira-
ble result can be consummated.
The Comptroller of the Currency, in his re-
port for the past year, says:
" Whenever the pooplo conclude that it is more
.economical to conduct the businoss of the country
011 a specie basis they can ordain specie payments
by makiDff provision through their ltepresentatives
in Congress for the payment or withdrawal of the
present depreciated paper currency issued and kept
W. circulation by the Government. And whenever
the pepple wish tij restore-tho credit of the nation
they oan do it through thcirBeprosentatives in Con-
gress -by removing the only embarrassment that
stands in tli^ way, by directing that provision shall
be made for the payment of the floating indebted-
ness, amounting to #388,006,000, consisting ofpromises
to pay thnt nro never paid, and to establish the fact
-that the United States is a solvent debtor, ab'.o and
willing to pay every ijebt as-it becomes due. Specie
payments and the restoration of the public credit are
within the reach and dnpend upon the will of the
pooglo of the United States."
Some writers of financial reputation assert
that the Government must, as a prerequisite to
resumption, be prepared to redeem the whole
amount of the $39O>OOO,O0O of legal-tender
notes, by having that amount in the Treasury
in eoin, which is certainly an exaggeration,
tending to discourage all efforts to surmount
the difficulty. When the legal-tender notes are
so reduced that the remainder, together with
the national bank notes in circulation, will be
only sufficient to accomplish that portion of
the exchanges at the prices in coin, for -which
it will answer as well as'coin, the point of
convertibility into coin at par will be reached,
and the resumption of specie payments will be
practically achieved. Assuming the value of
$700,000,000 of the paper money now in cir-
culation to be $500,000,000 in specie, this dis-
crepancy between the nominal and the actual
value of the paper money must bo removed to
reach the specie basis. The most direct way.
and in my opinion the only way to accomplish
it, would be to persevere in withdrawing legal-
tender notes from circulation by redeeming or
■funding them until that discrepancy is cor-
rected. That reduction would not diminish the
actual money in circulation, as the reduced
amount would possess the same purchasing
power-that the $700,000,000 now have.
The passage of a law legalizing contracts
payable in gold'has been advocated with much
earnestness under the impression that it would
faring gold into circulation, and thereby assist
in bringing about an earlier resumption of spe-
cie payments. If this would be the certain
result of legalizing gold contracts no one in
favor of resuming specie payments could oppose
the passage of such a law. Bat grave doubts
are entertained whether the measure would
produce the-effect thus anticipated by those
who are so urgent in advocating its passage;.
In previous cases of bank suspensions, although
there was no other legal tender than coin, the
irredeemable bank -notes were alone used as
currency; which seems to demonstrate that if
gold contracts are now legalized, as they were
then, it would not bring gold into more general
use or increase its quantity, but only serve as
a mode.! by which in certain,.eases the evil
effect of legal-tender notes could beavoided.
Another objection to legalizing gold contracts
has been that it would allow debtors to be
oppressed by requiring a contract payable,
principal arid interest, in gold for a debt that
was incurred in paper currency.- It is well
known that money is now often loaned with the
usurious condition' that the interest shall be
paid in gold, although there is no law to enforce
such a contract.
Supposing, however, that a law legalizing
contracts payable in gold would increase the
quantity of gold and bring it into more gen-
eral use; the paper money would not thereby
be displaoed, or diminished in amount, but its
value would bo reduced in proportion to the
extent to which gold was thus used. To legal-
ize gold contracts would therefore increase
the depreciation of the legal-tender notes ;
whije the object.of Congress should be to re-
store their value and make them equal in value
to the coin which they should represent. In
Buenos, Ayres, where contracts, may be made
payable in gold, the people continue to use in
their ordinary business transactions paper cur-
rency worth less than six percent, of its nominal
value. ,
1 repeat that during the first term of Presi-
dent Lincoln's administration an enormous
amount of debt was necessarily incurred to
maintain the existence of the nation, much of
it in the form of temporary debt; and the laws
authorizing the creation of the debt provided
also for funding it in such manner that the
Government could not be called upon for many
years to pay more than the interest, for which
ample provision was made by taxation. Since
the commencement of this the second term
of the administration of President Iiiucoln 110
new loan bills have been passed, but the fuud-
iug of the interest-bearing portion of the public
debt has been substantially completed, as pro-
vided for in the laws which had been previously
enacted. The debt consists now, as has been
previously stated, of about twenty-one hundred
and sixty millions iu bonds, bearing interest
payable in coin, and three hundred and ninety
millions in legalrtender notes and fractional
currency, not bearing interest; together mak-
ing about twenty-five hundred and fifty mil-
lions, the annual interest of which is less than
one hundred and twenty-six million dollars,
averaging a trifle less than five per cent* on
the whole amount of the debt.
After the fearful struggle against treason
which the country haS sustained for the past
eight years we have 110 right to complain of
this condition of the finances, and should rest
satisfied with it for a time until it can be clearly
shown how the burden of this debt can be
lightened and gradually and finally removed.
The delay of even a year or two is of little
consequence in the life of a great nation, if the
result of that delay is to indicate aud to con-
vince the people in regard to what should be
the permanent financial policy of the country.
The first question to dispose of must be in
regard to the currency portion of the debt,
which bears no interest, but is of great import-
ance in its effect upon the people, constituting,
as it does, in great part, the money of the
country. No one can be more solicitous than
I am- to have the currency restored as soon
as possible to its constitutional equality with
coin. I believe that value can only be re-
stored by judiciously reducing its amount:
yet I also believe that an inconsiderate and
hasty reduction of its amount might disturb
the trade and commerce of the country to an
extent that would bring bankruptcy and disaster
upon the industrial pursuits of the people, and
thereby retard instead of hastening the' re-
sumption of specie payments.
• It is said by many that the paper money in
circulation before the war rarely exceeded
$200,000,000 at pa  with eoin, and therefore
that amount should be our guide in determin-
ing how much can be circulated now. Bat I am
Sot willing to be controlled in my judgment by
that experience, for the reasons that the Coun-
try has grown and expanded since then ; and
that the paper money in circulation then con-
sisted of bank notes- based on faith in loCal in-
stitutions* most of them being hardly known fifty
miles from their location, and their tiotes con-
sequently having only a local value; while the
value of the present paper circulation is the
same everywhere within the limits of the Uni-
ted States, the faith of the nation being pledged
for its security. Others refer to the experience
in Great Britain and in other countries where
paper is in circulation at par with coin; but in
those countries the circumstances are so differ-
ent that hardly any analogy can be drawh from
their experience.
The different plans for resuming specie pay-
ments that have been proposed thus far, in this
or in the other branch of Congress, seem to me
open to the objection of being too complex and
too uncertain in their results. They are based
apparently on the idea that any reduction of
the volume of the- currency would be unpop-
ular, and must therefore be avoided; yet all
these plans seem to involve practically an
automatic reduction to an extent that cannot
be estimated beforehand, nor regulated or con-
trolled afterward with any degree of certainty.
The currency is a machine of much delicacy,
but of great power, and it should -therefore be
simple in. its character so as readily to be under-
stood by every one. Any action of Congress
that would render it complicated and uncertain
in its effects and difficult to regulate might be
productive of serious trouble and inconven-
ience. The only mode of removing the dis-
crepancy between its nominal and its actual
value is, in my opinion, by reducing the pres-
ent volume, of currency; the only safe way
to make that reduction is by directly withdraw-
ing such an amount of the legal-tender notes
as will restore what remains in circulation to
the legal and constitutional value-of coin ; and
I have no doubt that, if judiciously conducted,
resumption of specie payments can bo accom-
plished without deranging or disturbing the
business interests of the country.
The various financial measures that have
been proposed and discussed have so- fretted
and disturbed the public mind that the country
now needs rest in regard to a'llqft'estions affect-
ing the finances and the currency. I believe
it would be wise for Congress to wait for the
recommendations of the incomiug administra-
tion before determining on new measures and
before making any changes of a substantive
character in the existing financial laws, whioh
provide all the powers necessary to enable the
becretaryof theTreasury to fund the public debt,
or to reduce the rate of interest on it. All laws
should be repealed which authorize the issue of
bonds for any other purpose than to exchange
or convert the public debt into long bonds, or
into bonds at a lower rate of interest, and for
the subsidies now authorized by law to cer-
tain railroad companies. The incoming ad-
ministration would then be free and untrain-
meled in its action in regard to the public debt;
and the future Secretary of the Treasury could
exercise his powers in doing whatever might be
necessary, within those limitations, until the
next session of Congress.
To satisfy the public mind, to restore confi-
dence, to put the Government right with its
own citizens, and to put the country right be-
fore the world, there should be some assurance
in regard to the future; and for that purpose
the present Congress should record its convic-
tion upon the following points:
First. That every dollar of the public debt
is to be paid, principal and interest, in eoin, or
the equivalent of coin, except when the con-
tract specifically provides for the payment in
