1869.
THE C^&RESSIO^AL GLQJ®:
mm
that it was the lawful money of the United
States, and by his vote that Senator said that
this lawful money in the Treasury of the United
States should be a fall and sufficient discharge
of the Government's obligations except the
interest, and it would seem to be reasonable
that the Government should then have so pro-
vided, for in that very law you said that these
Treasury notes should be receivable by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in payment for the bonds
when they were sold, ana then when the bonds
are to be paid the same kind of money should
go in their discharge in the hands of the holder.
That is just the plain statement of what your
law says. If it is knavery to stand by that, then
you have induced me to the knavery by very
singular language. Go back and correct the
language of 1862 before you talk to me about
■knavery. Go back and correct your own legis-
lation. Do not charge me with knavery when
I form a judgment that is supported by the
language that you put upon the statute-book ;
and when you vote a gratuity of $600,000,000
to be taken from.the people and to be given to
the men that hold these bonds do not say that
it is knavery if I refuse, because I stand upon
the letter of the statute. I stand there. I wish
to see the bondholders get all that is consistent
with the interests of the people and with the
obligations of the people toward them ; but I
wish to see it brought about by a restoration
of prosperity, by an increase of production, by a
sale abroad of our great staples which will bring
the gold in a current toward our shores in-
stead of a constant flow from them. I have
no faith at all in a restoration of our finances
to a sound condition and a sufficient volume
of currency in the country, except as we find it
in a restoration of production, an increase of
production, and a command of the foreign
market.
We may be deluded. We may have fair
" promises made. It is not the first time. As-
surances are very easily given ; but commerce
has never yet been restored in this world by
mere paper promises. Commerce has its own
great laws, and it is restored, becomes sound
and successful by its own development, by pro-
duction, by the results of labor. Our legisla-
tion must be of such stable and wise character
as that it will give confidence to industry and
will stimulate enterprise and investment. We
must have the lands that are now lying waste
cultivated once more. Our unfilled fields must
blossom and bloom and ripen with the grain
and with the cotton and tobacco. Then I see a
way to a sound currency and a sufficientvolume.
But in the assurances that are given'us I do
not see it; I do not expect to see it. When I
know that there is an increase of production
then I know that we shall have an increase of
currency. When the people have much to sell
there is no difficulty in having plenty of cur-
rency. He who causes two blades of grass to
grow upon the ground where but one grew
TDefore renders a higher service to his country
than the ablest politician. That is the philos-
ophy upon which we are to have restored pros-
perity in this country, in my judgment. We
must have abundant corn crops, and stock, and
all the productions of the different sections,
buy less and sell more, and we shall soon have
a specie basis for our currency; but you may
tell the Secretary of the Treasury to commence
paying out gold to-morrow, and the result will
be what was beautifully described by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. McCreery] a few
days ago. The sun of that day, as he said,
•■Will "go down upon an exhausted Treasury. It
cannot be done. You cannot pay a debt of
this magnitude with $200,000,000 of gold in
the country.
Mr. President, I have occupied now more
of the attention of the Senate than I expected
to do oh this"<juestion. It isan important one,
and ought not to be disposed of in this way.
If we are ready to provide for this debt let us
do it. If Congress is now ready to provide for
this debt let us goto the work. This bill does
not pay it. It does not pretend to pay it. It
does not suggest resources from which the pay-
meatis to be brought. It-simply proposes a
construction. What an advance woulda eouple
of gentlemen make in the adjustment of their
affairs, one owing the other and not ha.ving. tfie
means to pay and the debt not being due, if they
met'and held a consultation as to the meaning
of the contract? That is what we are at to-
night, as I understand it. We are trying to piit
upon the contract a construction that the letter
will not admit; that is the trouble of it, and a
construction that the people of this country
will not hold themselves bound" by if you' put
it npoif it to-night.
If we have such a return of prosperity as that
the currency will become of uniform value,
that our paper currency will be of the same
value with thegold currency, then, indeed,
this question will be removed, all controversy
about it will be removed; but as long as there
is a material difference between gold and paper
the people will say, " We will stand by the
contract." I think so, and I guess they have
the right to say so. If this declaration of con-
struction to-night were made upon a new con-
sideration then of course it would become
obligatory.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the gentleman if it was not
a part of the contract in the law of 1862 that
the greenbacks should be absorbed in five-
twenties. Now, if they had been all absorbed
in the five-twenties, in what would the five-
twenties be redeemed but gold and silver?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The act of February
25, 1862, did provide that the holder of the
greenback might, deliver that to the Secretary
of the Treasury and receive a bond. That was
the convertible quality of that note: but under
the acts of July 11, 1862, and March 3, 1863,
referred to in this report, there was not that
convertible quality, so that $300,000,000 of
the Treasury notes were not of the character
that the Senator refers to, and hence his ques-
tion does not have very much bearing on the
matter. The right to convert was repealed
after the first $150,000,000 were issued.
Mr. MORTON. And as to the first $150,-
000,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My colleague says it
was repealed as to the first $130,000,000, and
that was done before these were negotiated,
according to the statement of the committee.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. The
gentleman appealed to the Senate to know
what that act of February 25, 1862, meant if
it did not mean that the bonds were to be paid
in greenbacks, when the very act itself pro-
vided for the absorption of the greenbacks into
the bonds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The act provided that
the bonds might be bought by the people with
greenbacks, and then provided that the Gov-
ernment might pay to the people these bonds
in greenbacks again.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Oh, no.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At any rate that is the
construction I put upon the law. The Gov- '
ernment might reissue these bonds when they
came in. Have they not done it always? So that
if $100,000,000 of greenbacks found their way
into the Treasury in payment for bonds the
Secretary of the Treasury was authorized to
reissue them, I suppose.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Are not the greenbacks redeemable in gold,
and what difference does it make whether you
pay the bond in gold or pay the bond in green-
backs and then pay the greenbacks in gold ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. You may say that in
law the greenbacks are redeemable in gold,
but still they are not redeemable in. gold, they
have not been yet that I have heard of, and
they have not had a par value yet; and because
they do not have a par value this question is
an important and essential one.
When I was interrupted I was just about
concluding what I had to say. This bill, which
is simply a construction of former laws and
former contracts, is not upon any new consid-
eration, and subsequent Congresses will claim
the same right te fyuta construction npon'the
of-1862 and 1868 U t: exercise, atvtl
they will not regard this construction as pori-
elffsiva Tipon them. I simplywieh to Wtatethat
I should be very glad if we ;have a return fin
specie payments by that, return of prosperity
that I look for in the country, and then of
sourft: there will be ho controversy about a
question of this sort; but at &. time when there
is a difference of twenty five'or thirty per
cent. heSwe.en th« paper and: gold currency of
this country I am not willing that we shall vol-
unteer an attempt to tie the. hands £>f the peo-
ple to a. construction that is not the right one
©f the contract made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator From Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.]
Mr. HENDRICKS.' I was desired by the
Senator from' Pennsylvania [.Mr. Buckalew]
and the Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Vax
Winkle] to say that they have paired off. Mr.
Buckalew, if here, would vote against the
bill and the Senator from West Virginia would
vote for it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I wish to
say in a few words why I oppose the bill. The
first section is. merely a declaration of the
opinion of Congress as to the meaning of a
section of a certain law. I think it objection-
able legislation always after a Legislature has
passed a law to be construing it. The con-
struction should be left to the courts, and the
Legislature should not usurp that province
themselves. 1 do not see any good that can
result from this mere declaration except bene-
fiting a few speculators and jobbers in bonds.
There is another objection I have to it. I do
not see clearly through this financial question,
and am not exactly willing to commit myself
on a questibn that I do not thoroughly under-
stand. I am very well aware that most of the
Senators appear to understand the subject well,
as most of them have expressed their opinions,
but I believe that every one who expresses an
opinion thinks that his opinion is better than
anybody else's. I have not arrived at a satis-
factory conclusion yet in regard to the solution
of this problem. I shall not vote for a measure
that commits me in this kind of style.
Again, I do not think that any of the finan-
cial measures that have come before Congress
meet the question which I think is necessary
to be settled in order to the solution of this
great problem.
The bill was reported to the Senate as append-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now renew the
amendment to the first section. On my amend-
ment to the second section I did have a yea
and nay vote. I ask for the yeas fend nays on
my amendment to the first section.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Several Senators. Let the amendment be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out the following words, commencing in
the third line:
That in order to remove any doubt as to the pur-
pose of the Government to discharge all just obliga-
tions to the public creditors and to settle conflicting
questions and interpretations of the laws by virtue
of which such obligations have been contracted it is
hereby provided and declared—
And then, after the word " to," in theeighth
line, to insert:
An early resumption of specie payments by the
Government in order that conflicting questions
touching the mode of discharging the public indebt-
edness may be settled, and that tho name may be
paid in gold.
And to strikeout the residue of the section ;
so as to make it Reads
That the faith of the United States is solemnly
pledged to an early resumption of specie payiSents
by the Government in order that the conflicting
questions touching tho mode of discharging the pub-
lic indebtedness may be settled and that the same
may ho paid in gold.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire a division of
the question. Let the question first be taken
on striking out.
