1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
929
lawful money; that repudiation, in any and
every form, in which it may bo proposed, or
any approximation to repudiation, however
plausibly presented and urged, is to De at once
and absolutely rejected ; that the faith, honor,
integrity, and honesty of the Government is to
be-completely and thoroughly upheld, So that
every bondholder, in this country or ■abroad,
may feel that every dollar he has invested in
the securities of the United States is his safest
investment, and, 'happen what may, that the
Government of the United States will pay
every dollar of its Obligations fairly and honor-
ably. ■
Htxnndhj. That it is the purpose and policy
of the Government to restore the currency to
a sound constitutional basis ; not suddenly by
a " plunge" or a leap in the dark, but in the
best, poetical manner, by judiciously and grad-
ually reducing theamount of legal-tender notes,
until those notes and the national bank notes
will represent the amount necessary to con-
duet the. trade and comiKeree of the country
at par with coin.
The country needs, and has a right to claim,
some assurance that the present evil is not to
be increased by any expansion of a depreciated
paper currency, and that initiatory measures
will be devised to reach and remedy the exist-
ing evils, of the currency without any serious
or widespread commercial convulsions or
embarrassments.
If the present Congress shall give to the pub-
lic mind some basis for an assured conviction
on these two points, namely, that the public
debt of the'United States is' to be fully paid
in good faith, and that the present evil of a
depreciated currency will be removed at no
distant period, it will have performed its duty
to its constituents, to the country, and to the
commercial world.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. Before the Clerk proceeds
to read the bill for amendment, I desire to
make a statement in reference to the aggregate
amount of the appropriations comprised in the
bill. , •
It will be observed that the total amount
appropriated by the bill is $43,199,500. About
a year ago, when I had the honor to report the
Army appropriation bill, the aggregate amount
of the appropriations was between nine and
ten millions less than the total amount pro-
posed to be appropriated by the bill now before
us. I at that time stated to the House, in
some remarks with which I prefaced the bill,
that the amount which we then proposed to
appropriate for the Army would not be ex-
ceeded except in consequence of expenditures
incurred in. carrying on the Indian war. And,
sir, those members who have examined this
bill have no doubt observed that the increased
amount arises from expenditures of the quar-
termaster' s department, the purchase of horses
for artillery and cavalry, purposes, and the vast
cost of transportation connected with the pros-
ecution of the Indian war, This is mainly the
cause of the increase.
But I desire for myself to say, now, as I said
then, that it is my conviction that the Army
ought to be reduced. I had the honor to intro-
duce last year a provision in the Army appro-
priation" bill for the reduction of the Army,
which did not meet, with the concurrence or
approval of the House. It will be remembered
that the two gentlemen who sit at my left [Mr.
ScHEKOK -andMr. Logan] pitched into it rather
severely, not only on the ground that it did not
proposes right method of reduction, but par-
ticularly on the ground- that an Army appro-
priation'bill was , not the place to legislate with
referepce to that subject; and I am almost per-
suaded, if I was not before, that it is not the
proper place. Therefore, the Committee on
Appropriations h^ve not this year rnade any
recommendation tpnebing thafc.question. But
in order to preserve oay own consistency, which
is important, to me if not to other people, I
hold now that instead of sixty regiments, this
Congress, or if not* the .very;, lie*}, ought to
provide for the reduction of the Army to thirty
regiments, or just One half what it now is.
General Grant as General-in-Chief of the
Army during the past year has done everything
within the existing law and under the power
that the law confers upon him to reduce the
Army. All that it contains now, with its sixty
regiments of enlisted men and non-commis-
sioned officers, is about thirty-nine thousand.
That is nearly the minimum of the Army,' and
yet- we have the same number of dfficers.
There are between twenty-two and twenty-
three hundred officers on the pay-roll, which,
in my judgment, is a larger number than it
ought to be, and more than Congress ought to
allow. But as the Army is now circumstanced,
with the exigencies which seem to be upon it
with reference to Army operations, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have not felt at lib-
erty to readjust its proportions by this bill to
what they believe the size of the Army ought
to be, but have felt it their duty_ to report the
appropriations for it under existing law, leav-
ing to the appropriate committees of the House
and to the House itself to give directions as to
whether the Army shall be reduced. With
this explanation I ask that the bill be read for
amendment.
• Mr. BROOKS. I would ask the gentleman
if under the rules, orders, and proceedings^ of
this House it is practicable during this session
to pass an act reducing the Army from sixty
to thirty regiments save in this bill?
Mr. BLAINB. I am very glad to answer
the gentleman. If by unanimous consent the
chairman of the Committee of Waysand Means
[Mr. Schenck] or the gentleman from_Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] who opposed my proposition last
year, could to-day move to put a proviso in this
bill for the reduction of the Army, I would be
glad to have it done. Or if any one else will
move it, it will gratify me. I decline to do it my-
self, because, having been voted downlastyear,
I do not choose to run the hazard of a second
rebuff. No one would support such a propo-
sition more cheerfully than myself. It need
not be moved now; it can be dono at any stage
of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. To what committee does
this business appropriately belong ?
Mr. BLAINB. To the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, of course.
Mr. BROOKS. Will that committee or the
Committee on the Militia have any opportunity
to report before the 4th of March?
Mr. BLAINE. I think not. I consider it
the duty of this Congress or the one imme-
diately succeeding to reduce the Army, and, to
my mind, it will be impracticable at this ses-
sion to be done upon any report made from
the Military Committee.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as I
have been referred to, I will say in reference to
this appropriation bill that I have not the slight-
est objection to any amendment being offered to
it to reduce the Army in the proper way. The
objection I had to the proposition to reduce
it last year was that the manner of its reduc-
tion was improper. A proposition to reduce
it in a proportionate ratio of officers and men,
so that there shall be no more officers than
are required for the number of men, I would
agree to. I will not object on the ground that
it is improper to append the proposition to
this bill. ,
Mr. BLAINE. I have a suggestion which
I think is practicable. This is Friday; the
bill will be considered about one hour to-day,
and I think it will be possible to get through
it to-morrow, when it will be reported to the
House. I will not call the previous question
till Monday, which is suspension day. In the
mean time if any gentleman can devise a plan
for the reduction of the Army which will meet
the concurrence of two thirds of the House, it
will bring it within the power of two thirds
under the rule to act upon the proposition. _ 1
therefore make that suggestion to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military AffairS> who
is the proper person to offer that amendment
•if'Jtje concurs in ,llieill'°PKWty of it. i
Mr. GARFIELD. ,<lt, will be remembered
that the .Committee on Military Affairs- did
report a bill last session-.which they regarded
ag a well-prepared, well-considered bill, butife
did not seem to meet at all the views of some
members of the House, and it was therefore
overloaded with amendments of.siieh a: char-,
acter -thatifinally the House, was entirely ^un-
willing to act upoa it in its amended condition.-
Hence, following the lead oft hose who'desLred;
to cut th.e-Army to pieces rather than to make
what seemed to me to be a reasonable- reduc-
tion, nothingwasdone lastsession. The Com -
laittee on Military -Affairs lias not been called,
this session except ia-tlia very first days of the
session; we were called: t a; time when we
were just receiving the reports from the several
departments, and among others, reports from
the Secretary of War and from the Gen-eral-
in-Cbief of the Army, saying that we were in
the midst of an Indian war, and asking us for
the present not to pass any measure for the
reduction of the Army. 'But- the- Committee
on Military Affairs are ready now, as they have
been ready for the last eight months, at,any
time when it is in their power to report, to*
report a measure for the reduction of the Army,
and if the House consent I think the com-
mittee will be ready.. I, for one, certainly am
ready to report by Monday next some measure
that I hope will receive the sanction of the
House. At the same time, it is quite clear to
my mind that so important a. matter as the.
reduction of the Army wilt be with great diffi-
culty discussed and managed in- eoune'etioit
with aa appropriation bill.
But I am subject to the orders of the House
and the desire of the House in that matter.
For myself, I had,thought, as we were so
near the end of this Administration, so near
the time when we shall receive the suggestions
and recommendations of the incoming Admin-
istration, that perhapd it would be better to
postpone action on the question of the reduc-
tion of the Army until the incoming Admin-
istration shall have been heard. However, I
speak under favor, and am entirely subject to
the wishes and orders of the House in this
regard.
Mr. BLAINE. There will be no order of
the House in regard to it. .
Mr. MAYNAIU). Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio to say that his committee
has a bill ready to report for the action of the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I say that the bill of last
session, which is the last expression, of the
views of the committee on the subject, is still,
ready to be reported. But if we are to report-
it I should desire that the committee, should,
have one or two meetings, so -as to go oter the
whole subject in the light of any new events
that may have occurred in regard to it.
Mr, BLAINE. I was only trying to open
the door to the gentleman from Ohio which he
waa so anxious to open for himself in the mat-
ter of the Indian Bureau. • He thought that the
only way in which that measure could be passed
was by tacking it on to an appropriation, bill,
and I wanted him to have the same chance
now with regard to this measure for the,reduo-
tion of the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD. I accept the gentleman's
open door, and the Committee on Military
Affairs will be prepared with an amendment
by Monday; I presume so, at least, for I cannot
speak for the whole committee.
Mr, MAYNA11D. I rose to suggest to the
gentleman the propriety of presenting the views
of the Committee on-Military Affairs m the form
suggested by the gentleman from Maine, so that
we may have the benefit of their labors, pro-
vided they have brought them to anything like
a conclusion satisfactory to themselves.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If 1 under-
stood, my colleague, [Mr. Gakfiei, ,] he deems
it advisable to postpone any action looking to
a reduction of the Army until after the inau-
guration of General Grant. I am "not able to
agree with him on that point. I do not think-
it is advisable thus to postpone it. If there is
