1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
1679
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed the same :
A bill (H. R. No. 1321) granting a pension
to Susan Carson;
A bill (H. R. No, 1434) granting a pension
to William M. Simpson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 158G) granting a pension
to Mrs. Naomi Adams ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1600) granting a pension
to Mary R. Brown; _ i
A bill (H. R. No. 1632) granting a pension
to Joseph M. Hudson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1903) granting a pension
to Charles Mains, of Texas;
A bill (H. R. No. 1917) granting a pension
to Charlotte Webster, widow of Timothy Web-
ster, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1918) granting a pension
to William H. Johnson:
A bill (H. R. No. 1919) granting back pen-
sion to Edmund W. Wandell, of Wilkesbarre,
Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1920) granting a pen-
sion to Katherine Dreyer, widow of Sylvester
Dreyer, deceased, late private of company
H of the tenth regiment of Minnesota volun-
teers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1921) granting a pension
to Catherine O'Conners, widow of Timothy
O'Conners, deceased, late private company C
of the thirty-third regiment Massachusetts vol-
unteers :
A bill (H. R. No. 1922) granting a pension
to Mary J. Hutton, widow of John C. Hutton,
deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1923) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Radigan, widow of John Radigan,
deceased, who was a private in company A,
forty-ninth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1924) granting a pension
to John A. Parker, a soldier in the war of
1861;
A bill (H. R. No. 1925) granting a pension
to Clarissa A. Grant;
A bill (H. R. No. 1926) granting a pension
to Ann Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 1927) granting a pension
to Harriet M. Mills, widow of Samuel J. Mills,
deceased, late a private in company F of the
second regiment Connecticut volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1929) granting a pension
to Juliet E. Hall;
A bill (H. R. No. 1931) granting a pension
to Jacob Hawkins;
A bill (H. R. No. 1932) granting a pension
to John M. Flynn ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1933) granting a pension
to Henry Riemann ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1934) granting a pension
to Etnily M. Freeman ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1935) granting a pension
to Charles H. R. King;
A bill (H. R. No. 1936) granting a pension
to Mary Ann Shurlock ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1937) granting a pension
to Lueinda Pangle ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1938) granting a pension
to Julia A. Fisher ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1939) for the relief of
John Gestiger;
A bill (H. R. No. 1940) granting a pension
to Cyrus Hall ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1941) granting a pension
to Betsey S. Jackman;
A bill (H. R. No. 1942) granting a pension
to Lueinda A. Walter ;
A bill (EL R. No. 1943) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Lieuten-
ant Richard H. Allen;
A bill (H. R. No. 1944) granting a pension
to Bridget Hayes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1945) granting a pension
totSarah A. Scherr;,.
A bill (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension
to Mary A..Amer;
A bill (H..R. No. 1947) granting a pension
to Catharine'S.-B. Spear;
A bill (H. R.-No. 1948) granting a pension
to Nancy Reed; " ■
A bill (H. R. iNo. 1940) granting a pension
to James H. Maguire;
A bill (H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension
to Richard Look;
A bill (H. R. No. 1951) granting a pension
to Martha E. McKinney;
A bill (H. R, No. 1952) granting a pension
to Matilda Carney;
A bill (H. R. No. 1953) granting a pension
to John R. Ray ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1954) granting a pension
to Maria Walters ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1955) granting a pension
to William J. Patton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1956) granting a pension
to Lorenzo Day;
A bill (H. R. No. 1957) granting a pension
to Richard C. Floyd ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1958) granting a pension
to Allen E. Rector;
A bill (H. R. No. 1959) granting a pension
to Edward W. White ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1960) granting^ pension
to Ellen Green;
A bill (H. R. No. 1961) granting a pension
to Sarah A. Wilcox;
A bill (H. R. No. 1962) granting a pension
to William McDonald;
A bill (H. R. No. 1963) granting a pension
to Mary H. Gardner;
A bill (H. R. No. 1971) granting a pension
to Jacob S. Baker; and
An act (H. R. No. 1599) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1870.
smithsonian institution. -
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
the House by unanimous consent to take from
the Speaker's table, for action now, a joint res-
olution from the Senate providing for the ap-
pointment of Professor Agassiz as a Regent of
the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. CHANLER. I insist on the call for the
regular order.
contested election louisiana.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the question of privilege pending at the
adjournment yesterday, being the report of the
Committee of Elections in the contested-elec-
tion case from the second congressional district
of Louisiana. The gentleman from Michigan
||Mr. Upsox] is entitled to the floor, having
fifty minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. UPSON. • Mr. Speaker, the close of the
session being so near, and so much business
pressing upon the attention of the House, I
design to occupy only a brief period in making
a statement of this case. I shall then yield fif-
teen minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Blackburn] who presented last evening
the resolution in favor of Mr. Jones. After
that I propose to yield ten minutes to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] and
then, unless there is a manifest desire to con-
tinue the discussion, I propose to call the pre-
vious question.
The case of Jones vs. Mann comes from the
second congressional district of Louisiana. The
election took place in April last under what
are known as the reconstruction acts. In July
last Mr. Mann appeared here, presented a cer-
tificate of election, andwassworn inasamem-
ber with the other members of the delegation
from that State.
In the subsequent month of August Mr.
Mann died, but previous to his being sworn in
a notice of contest was served upon him by
Mr. Jones, the contestant. Evidence had been
taken under that notice of contest, and had
been closed just previous to Mr; Mann's death.
It is under that notice and that issue there
made and the evidence then taken that this
case is presented to the House for its consider-
ration. The House is to determine the merits
of the issue made in that notice and the evidence
thereunder. The grounds of notice aro set
forth in the report of the committee in thi's
case, No. 27 of the present session. I 'may
say briefly that it consists chiefly of allegations
of intimidation and violence preventing the
friends of the contestant from voting. In one or
two instances allegations are made of stuffing
ballot-boxes in one or two precincts. There
was the further allegation that Mr. Mann was
ineligible at the time of his election. The
committee deemed it proper to consider msSnly
whether under the evidence Mr. Jones is show#
to have received a majority of all the votes)
and under that evidence they are compelled^
as they have reported unanimously, to say that
he has failed to make out a case. In the first
place Mr. Jones utterly failed to show what
was the vote cast in the district, either in
the aggregate or at the several election pres-
cints. He has ntterly failed to show how
many election precincts there were. In order,
then to enable the committee to come to dny
conclusion as to the vote we had to call upoti
the commanding general for a statement of
the vote cast. It will be found in the testimony
under the head of "additional testimony ia
the case of Jones vs. Mann, second con-
gressional district, Louisiana." The vote is
there stated to be as follows:
For James Mann 6,784
Vor Siinon Jones ;   5,(kS4
showinga majority of 1,150 votes-for Mr. Jones.
This is the only legal evidence as to the vote
cast in that district. It was objected on the
part of Mr. Jones that the certificate of the
commanding general was no evidence and can-
not be received. Now, as evidence of the vote
cast, by the provisions of the supplementary
reconstruction act of March 11, 1868, it is
declared—■
"That 'the same election officers who shall make
the return of the votes cast on the ratification or
rejection of the constitution shall enumerate and
certify the votes cast for members of Congress.'"
A ccordingly, in the States of Louisiana, Geor-
gia, and South Carolina these teturns were so
made and certified to the commanding general
and an election certificate given by him on that
statement of the votes. The House has re-
ceived members from all those States on those
certificates, and it seemed under that phrase-
ology of the statute and under the action of
the House that was a construction of the law
recognizing the propriety of the commanding
general in the reconstructed States certifying
to the person elected. We have, therefore,
accordingly recognized that the commanding
general acted officially in receiving the returns
made to him and in giving a certificate to the
person who received the highest number of
votes.
Looking upon that as prima facie evidence
of the vote cast we find no evidence presented
which overturns it. On the part of Mr. Jones
there is no evidence of the vote cast either in
the aggregate orin any precinct. Consequently
there was nothing by which any fraud or irregu-
larity or illegal votes could be purged from the
aggregate vote. But so far as the committee
is able to discover from the evidence there are
not exceeding 100 votes which can be recog-
nized as illegal or as having been cast fraudu-
lently, or which could be subtracted from the
majority of Mr. Mann and added to the vote
of the contestant. Nothing is found to do
away with the majority of Mr. Mann of-1,150
votes. That being so, the question of ineligi-
bility of Mr. Mann the committee believed to
be of little consequence in this investigation.
It was claimed that Mr. Mann was not a resi-
dent in the sense of the law of Louisiana at
the time of the election. We had one or two
affidavits on that allegation, but nothing clear
or satisfactory; nothing that would justify the
committee in deciding that Mr. Marih was in-
eligible as a candidate at the time of the elec-
tion. There are also affidavits taken on the
part of Mr. Mann during'his life which, if ad-
mitted in evidence, would go far to do away
with the force of the testimony taken on the part
of Mr. Jones. It was objected, however, to the
testimony on the part of Mr. Mann that it was
taken before a notary public, and therefore
was not competent evidence. The objection
under the law the committee considered good;
but as Mr. Mann has since died, and as that
evidence contains statements in relation to his
