1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
92f
dollars, a year. Is it not time that lie should
begin to attend to it?
But, perhaps we get to the secret of the gen-
tleman's vote yesterday, when he moved to lay
oh the table the Indian appropriation bill,
which, if it had been carried, would have vio-
lated so many treaties with the Indian tribes
and Mndled an Indian war all over the plains.
That would have given business to all these
military officers whoserankthe gentleman does
not want to be reduced and whom he does not
want.tp.be mastered out of the service.; That
would have obviated all necessity for reducing
the number of officers, because it would have
kindled an Indian war which would have cost
the Government $100,000,000 a year. What
of that when it would have given employment
to these men whom he is so anxious to save
from being turned out of the service and to
fasten as pensioners upon th^ Treasury until
they die or resign, and it is very seldom that
an officer drawing good pay ever either dies or
resigns. [Laughter.] , ,
Now, sir, for one I am in favor of the reduc-
tion of the Army, and I hope we shall have
such a bill reported, although it has (>een so
difficult to get the Military.Oommittee to attend
to this business. I think the Senate has given
sufficient intimation of their determination not
to transfer the management of Indian affairs,
and that being entirely out of the question, it
may be hoped.that the chairman will devote his
time to the peculiar business belonging to his
own committee.
. Mr.' .GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman
from Maine to yield to me for a few moments
to reply to the gentleman from Minnesota.
> :Mr. BLAINE. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD. When Cuvier was asked
to criticise a definition of a certain animal
which was presented to him for examination,
and which said that it was a red fish which
walked backward, he answered that the defi-
nition. was all right excepting in three partic-
ulars ; that, in the first place, it was not a fish ;
in the second place, it was not red, and in the
third place, it did not walk backward. [Laugh-
ter.] The gentleman's criticisms on my re-
marks are equally corfect with the like excep-
tions'; ' He criticised the committee, alleging
that it was not ready to make any recommend-
ation on this subject: I tell him now, dis-
tinctly, that we are ready.
■Mr. -WINDOM. Then why do you not offer
y6ur amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD. By next Monday, when
the rules cau be suspended, the committee can
bring forward its bill, prepared under the light
of new facts which have been brought to their
attention ; butif the gentleman is so impatient
I am ready in.the next half minute to present
th&bill of. the last session as the mature judg-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and which, I do not hesitate to say, if it had
not been opposed by the gentleman himself
and others on this floor, would have saved the
Government by this time over ten million dol-
lars in the way of military expenditures. I
said so then, and I repeat it now. Now, the
gentleman very- well knows that since that
time the Committee on Military Affairs has
had no call and will not have for the purpose
of reporting public bills during the rest of this
session. One word more and I have done. My
friend from, Illinois says that men ought to
have the courage to strike at the officers of the
Army as well as the soldiers in the ranks.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not use that language.
I did not say that gentlemen should have the
courage to strike.the Army, for I do not want
to, strike at the Army.
,:Mr . GARFIELD. . I do not say that I quote
the gentleman'-® exact words. 1 think, if I
should quote them exactly, that the word
"coward". would have its place in the quota-
tion, a word I do tjot.choose to use about men
discussing public matters upon the floor of this
House. I quoted it more mildly than the gen-
tleman put it himself. -1 call attention to the
fact that five huudred officers bad ceased to.be
officers during the last year by casualties of
the, service. Enough officers for fifteen regi-
ments have gone out of the service, and if we
had provided,*as the Committee on Military
Affairs proposed, that the Army should be
reduced by absorption, we should to-day have
that number less of officers to pay for. And
I desire to say that the method proposed by
the committee has always been the method of
r educing the regular Army of the.United States.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether these five hundred
officers who have gone out of the service so
rapidly during the last year were not in the
main composed of volunteer officers who were
mustered out of the Army ? I ask him whether
it is not to be accounted for in a greet measure
in that way?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not in any great meas-
ure, but only in a small measure in proportion
to the number of officers who have gone out
of the service. Two brigadier generals have
gone out of the service in the past few weeks,
one by death, and one by retirement, and be-
fore another month shall have rolled round
the General of the Army will go out of the
service.
Mr. BLAINE. I mustnowresumethe floor,
and will yield to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr! WOOD. I have not wished to interrupt
this interesting discussion by gentlemen on the
other side of the House. Perhaps it would be
as well to leave it to them, as the responsibility
rests with them. But I wish .to remind the
House and the country that we have repeated
discussions of this character by the gentlemen
who have recently participated in this discus-
sion proposing a reduction of the Army and of
the great expenditures which grow out of the
Array. It is about time that we should have a
practical reduction of the Army, which has been
so often promised. Although the war has been
Closed for now nearly four years, and although
it is contrary to the genius of the country to
keep up a standing army in a time of profound
peace, yet this bill proposes to tax the people
of the country over forty-three million dollars
to maintain an army at this time, one sixth of
the whole amount required to be raised forthe
support of the entire Government of the coun-
try. This is proposed for the support of an
army when no necessity exists for an army of
over six or eight thousand men. I think the
country, like myself, is tired of hearing of a re-
duction of the Army when there is no practical
proposition to reduce the Army, and when the
majority in Congress persist in maintaining the
present large Army for the support of which
this bill appropriates money. Our avenues and
streets are filled with generals and major gen-
erals and captains and colonels drawing full
pay, while the poor tax-payer is overburdened
with unnecessary taxation, wrung from him for
the purpose of supporting these idle vagabonds
who are so well paid and do nothing.
I ask, therefore, that we shall have some
practical proposition presented to us on this
subject. I ask the gentlemen on the other side
to show that they are acting in good faith by
commencing an actual reduction of the Army.
I want to see these $43,000,000 cut down to
what it was before the war.
Mr. BLAINE. It was $22,000,000 before
the war.
Mr. WOOD. I wish the gentleman to tell the
country why, although the war has closed for
almost four years, we are called upon at this
day to appropriate these immense sums of
money for the support of the Army ?
Mr. BLAINE. During Buchanan's admin-
istration of four years the annual expenditures
for the support of the Army, as the gentleman
will find by reference to the documents, were
$22,000,000 in gold for nineteen regiments.
Wh'le I will go as far as the furthest in favor
of a just reduction of the expenditures of the
Government, I wish the House to understand
that the rate of expenditure for the Army
under the administration, of James Buchanan
was greater than at any time during the last
eight years.. This bill only proposes about
soveii hundred, thousand dollars paper for
each regiment, when during the administration
of James Buchanan before the war the cost of
supporting a regiment was a little in exeess bf
one million dollars in gold. .. '
Mr. WOOD. I know that the gentleman
from Maine is exceedingly ingenious in making
the worse appear the better reason. I wiil re-
mind him that under Buchanan's administfa-
tion we had to suppress a rebellion in the
western country.
Mr. BLAINE. There were only nineteen
regiments employed, and not a single extra
regiment was called into the service.
Mr. WOOD. He had an Indian war upon
his hands, and his administration was called
upon to make other expenditures of an unusual
character. We are not only now obliged to
appropriate $43,000,000 for the support of the
Army, but we have deficiency bills presented
for additional expenditures which the gentle-
man himself does not refuse to report from the
Committee on Appropriations. I say it is
nccessary that the attention of the country
should be called to this appropriation, for a
standing army is contrary to the genius of our
institutions, contrary to the advice of Washing-
ton, the Father of the Country, and contrary
to the interests and public policy of the country
at this time. We must reduce these, expend^
tures; and I wish to hear no more speeches in
favor of economy until I see some practical
evidence of an intention to carry them out.
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to ask one or two questions only. The first
question is, has any gentleman oil the Military
Committee so far examined this question that
he can tell mo what to-day are the emoluments
of a brigadier general, a major general, or a
lieutenant general? I do not want any answer
from documents, but I wish to know what is
the actual pay received.
Now, as to these five hundred officers who
have left the Army during.the past year, I can
account for five of them. I will not. say posi-
tively whether four or five; but the principle
is the same. Five chaplains went out of the
Army by retiracy, with full pay and four rations
a day, and their united service was twenty-
one months and nineteen days in the Army.
Gentlemen only keep the promise to the ear
and break it to the hope when they tell us that
these officers have gone out of the service.
Seven per cent, of them have gone out by
being retired for life, and-are still to be kept
up by a tax upon the people.
Let me say one thing further and I am done.
When my friend from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, complains
that we opposed his bill, I will tell him that it
was because that bill only provided for a. re-
duction of the Army by death or resignation.
We asked for a reduction at once. It was said
then that we eould not reduce the Army be-
cause you might have an Indian war, The bill
was recommitted to the committee with in-
structions to report it back with a provision
reducing the Army at once; but within thirty
days from that time we had an Indiau war,
which seemed to require the Army to remain
as it was. .
Now, I do not want to jvait until these men
die. The gentleman himself left a position in
the Army for a higher one, I grant, but it might
have been for a lower one. All theinen who
seryed during the war left their positions with-
out a murmur. All were mustered out when
the exigencies of the service required it. The
men who had left their positions in civil life
to serve for years in the Army returned to civil
life without a murmur. These men, educated
at the expense of the country, who have fought
side by side with us, why should they insist
