928
TME. COTG-RESSKMM' GLOBE
February ^
tipon never leaMHg.their; bold-wp<  the Treas-
ury of th« >United .States ? * I say,- let us have a
till .reducing >tfee, number of regiments by con-
solidation, and iet\enly. those officers be re1
tained whose services are needed..
. Mr< EABNSW.ORTHi As everybody in the
Committee of the Whole seems, to be in: fitvor
of a reduction of'the Army at the earliest/pos-
sible moment, andast.he,chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. professes to be ready
on behaifofthat committee to report an amend-
msiit t0:4bis< bill for that purpose, I wfll.ask
unEsaimous eonsent that he be permitted to
offier.tliatamendment to this bill. •
There.waB no=objection-; and it- was ordered
accordingly. . i-
Mr. FA11NS,WORTH. I.hope.-the geatle-
man from Ohio will submit his amendment so
that we may have it .printed and before us for
our consideration. '" . .
Mt'i BLAINE.:: That cossent having been
given,.the .proper, place for the-amendment
will be at* the end. of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Of course. •.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope it will be printed for
use to-morrow, as* I hope to be able to get
through with-this bill to-morrow. Unanimous
consent having: bean given, it will-not be neces-
sary fo-earisy tibiaibill.offer to. suspension day.
Mr.,'LAWRE-NCE,- of Ohio. . • Willthegen-
tlemanyiei-dito.raeforamoment? -; .
Mr. BLAINB. .Yesysirj
Mr, LAWRENCE, of Ohio, I ask miani-
mous eonaent of the committee that other
amendments may-be offered to this bill pro 
viding for the. consolidation of the regiments
of the Army and the mustering out of un-
necessary officers.
Mr. BLAINB. _ The permission given to the
Committee on Military Affairs covers the whole
ground.
Mr; LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Very well; we
can move amendments to their amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman'from
Maine [Mr. Bi.aine] to yield to me for a few
moments.
Mr. BLAINB. Very well.
Mr. GARFIELD, ■ I desire to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts^ [Mr. Butler,] who propounded two
questions to me. In reply to his first question,
1 have put in his hands a table of the pay of
officers of the Army. In reply to bis second
question, I will state that I hold in my hand a
copy of the official Army Register for the year
1868. There are two pages of fino'print, nearly
the whole of tfbich is made up of the names of
officers who have resigned, while the last half
of the second Of the two' pages contain the
names of officers who have died. Then there
follows a list of those who have been dismissed
the service in pursuance of findings of courts-
martial.
Mr. MULLINS. Are the officers who re-
signed the best or the worst ?
Mr, GARFIELD. I eannotsay whether they
are the best or the worst. They are officers
of all grades, and the list of casualities em-
brace officers who as far as we know—some of
them we do know—were some of the most dis-
tinguished officers in the Army, and two brig-
adier generals of high standing'and character,
in the opinion perhaps of most of the people
of this country, have gone out of service, the
one by death and the Other by resignation,
within the last few weeks, and their places are
to be filled unless we now do what the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs asked Congress at
its last session to do, provide that no further
appointments of brigadier generals be made.
As-to the other statements that have been
made'here, time will not permit me to reply to
them nowi • Bat I desire to say one thing,
that I am not willing.—and I think I can speak
for the Committee oh Military Affairs and say
that we are not willing—to be put in the atti-
tude of the special' advocates' of a special and
new rule in regard t£> Army.officers'. We only
stand by tile eustoj^etad prafttiee«of-the Gov-
ernment from its foaiidatioa' tfo fire present
time, with the' single'exception of the lateiwar,
when the whole country was "called-!upon'-tie
volunteer andhelp to put down the -rebellion;
That was- an accident in my life and ■■ the lives
of others here who were in- the Army withme.
We tamed aside from' our business professions
for--the-time being, and vihen the war closed
returned to the pursuits of civil life because'we
prefer'red to do so.'
Btf tr many of > theso. men whom the amend'
merit of last winter wjouid'strikfe fixtat the.rolls
of the Army have known bo . other duty for
twenty years fjtheir * whole lives '• have ■ b'een
sphered into the duties of .military.life. And
it is quite another thing to torn (bear, adrift in
their old age,, with nothing to fall Sa'ck updn
but their poverty and their-goffd names,-with
no profession andperhaps'rio special aptitude
to enter on one, 'I Say that in equity there is a
reason, in, this thing, and I am willing to stand
by the justice of that reason.
Mr. -BLAINE.- Before'-the' committee is
compelled to rise I - desire that some little
progress may be made in the consideration of
this bill. I wish 'only to say this for the ben-
efit of gentlemen o>i my right and my left, this
matter is* now exactly in the position where it
should .be.. -TheOommittee on Appropriations
tried thteir haofls-last winter at the work of
reducing the Army, and met with such dis-
couraging resttltsfroin the .action of the House
that they are not very- eager-to try their hands
at it again. It belongs properly to'the Com-
taittee' on Military: Affairs, and' I think the
responsibility has now been - very property
shifted to their shoulders. Unanimous con-
sent having been given for the introduction of
a measure looking to the reduction of the
Army, the whole question will be opened, and
all amendments pertinent to the subject will
be in order.
Mr. WINDOM. I would like to know
whether that will enable the Committee on
Military Affairs to introduce an amendment
contemplating a reform with reference to com-
mutation of quarters, subsistence, &c., in con-
nection with which there has been so much
swindling of the Government ?
Mr. GARFIELD. And I will inqnire
whether^ we shall be permitted to submit a
proposition for the transfer of the Indian
Bureau to the War Department ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. BLAINE. I decline to yield further.
I ask that the bill be now read for amendment.
The Clerk proceeded to read thebillby para-
graphs for amendment, and read thefollowing :
For expenses of recruiting and'transportation of
recruits, $!400,000.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the item just
read by striking out "three" and inserting
"one,"' so as to maketheamountof the appro-
priation $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, as by general consent we are
not to have an increase of the Army, I submit
that one third of the amount named in the bill
will be amply sufficient to pay for recruiting
and the transportation of recruits. If we have
now a larger Army than we need we are not
required to expend $300,000 iti recruiting an
Army that we are trying to reduce.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 desire to make a single
remark. If the Army is to be kept at the
present minimum standard this appropriation
of $300,000 is absolutely necessary; but if the
Army is to be reduced, then I think there
might be a reduction in this item; but the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] proposes
too small a sum. If he will modify his amend-
ment so as to make the amount $150,000 it
will obviate the necessityforofferinganamend-
ment to his amendment.
Mr. SHANKS. If we reduce the wages fifst
we can reduce the Army generally afterward.
Mr. ROSS. I decline to modify my amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAINE. • Then I move to amend the
amendment'S0'as to make the amount, of th>
appropriation $150,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
• The question recurred on the ametidmetil
amended. ■ i
■ Mr.- ■ MAYNARD. I wish- to call attention
to .the-estimates on page 210. I- see that the
appropriation for tius purpose 'for the present
fiscat yestr was only $100,000. .v.- ' i
Mr. BLAINE. Yes bftt we recruited for
only four months in-the year.: We were'r.e«
ducing the Army-down to the mihitoaim Btit
to-'keep the number of men st the present
minimum a larger: amount will be neeessary.
One! hundred thousand dollars were appropri?
ateddkst year because it was intended to cover
only abbwt-one'thirdof.the year. . < •>
Mr. MAYNARD. Then the gentleman is
<jf .opinion- {bat' $150,000 will be needed for
this purpose'! ■■< ...•••• , '
■ • Mr. BLAINE. Absolutely.; * • .
:fDiieamendment, as amended ^ was adopted.
• The Glerk read thefollowing f ' "•
'' ^or1 ptfy' of tSe Araiy, $1.5;000i060;r-
"Mr. BURDEfGH.. I move to amend' by
the United States under the age of sixty-live yoars;
unless lie bo a married man and takes h5s wife With
him, shall bo assigned 
,, Mr. BLAINE. It is unnecessary to read thai
amendment further. I raise the point of ordei;
that it. proposes independent, legislation, an4
cannot be entertained a^, an amendment .to
this bill. -..'•••■
the CHAIRMAN. The Gliair sustains thq
point of order.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I,move to amend the
pending .paragraph by striking out "fifteen"
andinserting "ten so as to, make, the amount
of the appropriation for the pay of the Army
$10,000,000. ,, ' ,
Mr. BLAINJ3. I thifik tie gentleipap ■from
Iowa[Mr.-IjQugebidge] will not urge that
atxrendment wljen he understands fully the cir;
cumstances of the case. If the House should,"
to-uiorraw or Monday, take the actio,n;which
seems to be contemplated for the reaction of
the Army, the amount named in, the bill wijl
be absolutely needed. The reduction of the
Army will lead to mustering out, whereby ad-
ditional expense will be incurred; and.ijf the
mustering-out process is to go on it is probably
this item will have to be increased.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] how
or where, we are to reduce these appropria-
tions ? It is understood that the Army is to
be reduced ; where, are we to reduce the ex-
penditures ? . : ,
Mr. BLAINE. In the quartermaster's de-
partment.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. It strikes me that such
a reduction of expenses as is desired cannot be
accomplished by curtailment of expenditures
in that- single department. This aggregate of
$43,000^000, proposed to be expended in this
bill, ought to be brought down to at least
$33,000,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 desire to remind .the
gentleman from Iowa that the, essential ques*
tion after all is not how much is appropriated,
but whether more than is needed will be ex-
pended. The gentleman will bear in mind 
The hour "of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Upion rose informally ; the Speaker
resumed tl^e cbair,i and the House, according
to order, took ,a - jeoess till half past seven
o'clock p, ,m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order, at
half past seven o'clock.p. m., as in Committee
6f the Whole- on the state of the'Union, on the
president's message of 1867, Mr. Maynarb iii
the chair.
' Mr. JULIAN addressed the committee upon
the subject of the'resumption of specie pay-1
ments and the necessity for the adoption "by*
the Government of a more judicious policy iti
reference to the disposition of thfe public lands.'
[See Appendix-.]-- '
