980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
" wottM give the lender all he lost upon the old
one atldeven more. Repudiation, either by
H&tfcins or individuals, is the "most' expensive
mode possible of extinguishing debts.
It is said, hdwever,~that the larger portion
of the' nafidnal' debt, the principal of the five-
twenty bOnds,'is'by the law and the contract
■ payable in United. States notes,,and it maybe
urged that paying it ineoin of equal vsilue^with
• the no'tfeS would' be a substantial bofnjaliance
withtheeonti-aet. Let lis examine thfe. 'Grant
thatbyth'e terms of-the contract the holders
of the'five-twenty bSnds have bound themselves
to accept payment of'the principal in legal-
'tender notes, veryetertam it is that by no possi-
ble construction of the contract' is the Govern-
• ment to be permitted to refuse to pay the notes.
"What" are' those 'notes? ' Sitaply promised to
pay dollars without a future day of payment
fixed; lienee, promises to pay dollars on de-
mand. What ate dollars? The act of Con-
gress authorizing their coinage tells us what
they are-—gold coins of a given weight and
- fineness. If we compel the creditor to accept
these notes in discharge of his bond because
such is the strict construction of his contract,
we are 'bound by the only possible construc-
tion of our contract to pay on demand the
gold Coins which th'e notes promise. To refuse
to do so is to repudiate the debt.
It is no answer to this to say that the Gov-
ernment is no more bound to pay these particu-
lar notes in coin than any others. ' So much
the worse for the Government. • In fact, the
currency debt is the most sacred of all the
national obligations. It is a forced loan, a
loan without interest. The reason we do not
pay these notes is because they form the cur-
rency of the country and to pay them would
derange the business of the country. But the
notes which we compel the creditor to take
in disch&ge of his bond are not currency un-
less he chooses to make them so. It is for him
to say in what character he holds them. If he
puts them into the currency that is his own
act and he must accept its consequences. If
he-holds them as a debt against the Govern-
ment they are simply national obligations, and
- as such they must bo paid or repudiated.
There is, therefore, no substantial difference
between the tivo classes of bonds—the ten-for-
ties andthe five-twenties. Both are to be paid
in strict accordance with the terms of the
"contract, directly or indirectly, in gold coins
of the value fixed by the act-of Congress, the
only dollars-known to the Government or the
people. " " '
Now, to pay the Government creditor in the
old dollar and individual creditors in seventy-
• four per cent, of it would be to give the former
an advantage over the latter amounting in the
aggregate to more than a third of the national
debt, and to make the matter still worse, in-
dividual creditors would have to pay a large
share of this difference in taxes, from which the
• public creditor is in a great degree exempt. •
Another reason may be urged against de-
basing the coin. Grave doubts exist in the
minds of profound lawyers about the right of
the Govern mentto make anything a legal tender
except gold and silver. Still graver doubts
exist about its right to do this as to debts pre-
viously contracted, and these lastapply in their
full force to its right to change the value of its
legal tender coin for the payment of such debts.
I do not propose to discuss this point, but it is
' well worthy of consideration. I trust such
speedy steps will be taken by Congress as will
avoid the necessity for its adjudication.
I have dwelt the longer upon this branch of
the subject for the reason that I believe every
argument in favor of continuing the present
state of - things, suffering the present-volume
of currency to remain until, as it is said, the
country shall grow up to it, is an argument in
favor of ultimately debasing the coin. Every
day's delay in applying effective measures for
getting-back to the old honest dollar-renders
more imminent the danger of ultimately de-
basing the coin. If the present generation
shall not restsre specie payments at the old
standard of value rio subsequent one' ever
will. ' 14 • '
The questions which I have been discuss-
ing haveb'oth been answered in the affirmative
by the common consent of the community, and
a^e daily being so answered. Throwing out a
Very limited number of followers of John Law,
everybody proposes at some time, and by Some
means,' to" return to the use of coin. Every
scheme brought forward', except that of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, looks to that
end. I therefore proceed to inquire by what
means -ive shall return to the old measure of
value. "
It might as well be set down as Settled 'that
there is no easy road to specie'payments. The
man who will discover one will1 rank in history
with the' man who will tell us in exact figures
the relation between the diameter and the cir-
cumference of the circle. Both are impossi-
bilities. It is hard to exaggerate the difficulties
and asperities in the best possible road to coin.
But some means are less disastrous than others,
and it is our business to select whatever will
cause the least possible financial and individ-
ual suffering. Now let us inquire what is the
immediate cause of the evils incident to a re-
turn to specie payments by redemption. Very
little reflection will enable us to answer it is
the appreciation of the currency in value. This
caused a fall of prices, and a relative increase
of debts, or rather, suffering debts to remain
nominally'the same, it causes them to be paid
in larger dollars. By whatever means the ap-
preciation of the currency is brought about the
effect is the same upon the community. It is
common to hear people complain of the pSIicy
of contraction, yet contraction would be totally
unfelt by the people if it had no effect upon
prices and debts ; that is to say, if it did not
apprec:ate the currency, and the alternative of
redemption which is proposed by these people
as an easier means would have precisely the
same effect; that is to say, if it did not. appre-
ciate the currency it would be wholly unfelt by
the community; if it did, then the result upon
prices and debts would be just the same as that
of the same amount of appreciation brought
about by contraction or any other means. All
other things being equal, contraction produces
appreciation and appreciation produces con-
traction, and it makes no difference in the
result which of these processes precedes the
other.
A distinguished Senator, in a recent speech
which has attracted great attention in the
country, maintains that there is not now too
much currency for the wants of the commu-
nity. If by this he means that there is not too
much at the price at which it passes I entirely
agree with him; and I will go further, and
say that if there were twice as much there
would not be too much at the price' at which
it would pass when sufficient length of ti"me
had elapsed to fix that price. But I infer from
his argument that he means the currency would
not be redundant if every legal-tender promise
to pay one dollar were worth one dollar in the
market. How he can suppose we could profit-
ably use thirty-five per cent, more than our
present aggregate amount of currency it is diffi-
cult for me to conjecture.
If $700,000,000 of seventy-four-cent pieces
are not too little that many dollars would be
greatly too much. But, suppose we let this
question abide the result of the experiment.
Let redemption begin and continue until the
community become satisfied that that is to be
the settled policy of the Government. If the
currency thus appreciated in value should not
be redundant its value would not be dimin-
ished by the process. For every gold dollar
put in circulation by redemption a legal-tender
dollar would take its place in the Treasury,
and our circulation would be a mixed one of
gold and redeemable paper, ag prior to 1860.
Prices would not fall, debtswould not be in-
creased to the debtor, business would not be
interfered with, and we should wonder that we
ever refused to honor our promises, so easy
would be the transition to specie payments. If
it,be said we have not gold enough to commence
and c6ntinue redemption, upon the hypothesis
that the currency would'not be redundant at
par, I answer that upon that hypothesis it will
require little gold to dp it.' Wo have §S3oG.-
000,000 of legal t&nders'iifloat and $100,000,000
of gold at the command 0f the Government.
What'bank ever found difficulty in keeping-its
-n'otes' in circulation up to the entire limit of
tlie'W&nts of the community with two dollars
of gold in i's vaults for every seven dollars of
its circulation ? Thenotes only come back for
redemption when the community does not need
theta at the price at which they are redeemed.
Is any thinking taan prepared to accept this
result' as probable or possible? One- single
consideration is sufficient to overthrow the
whole fabric. I have already said that if the
currency'wo'uld not b'e'redundant prices would
not fall by redemption. Porfeign goods would
sell in our markets for "gold for What they now
sell in notes, and the business of importing
would be made thirty-five percent, better.than
it now is. Could that state of things continue,
and our currency retain its volume here?'- By
no means. ' Gold would be the only profitable
article of export until enough had gone abroad
to reduce priqes here to such figures as would
enable other commodities to be profitably ex-
ported.
The man who affirms either that the cur-
rency is or is'not redundant without taking
into the account the price at which it passes
talks unwisely, because the price at which it
passes determines its purchasing power. A
community needs at agiven time agiven amount
of currency, and though that may and will vary
from time to time its aggregate at any one
period will be the same, whether it be measured
in pounds sterling, francs, dollars, or legal
tenders worth seventy-four cents to the dollar.
There is no principle of political economy
better established than this, that we cannot
permanently increase or diminish the aggre-
gate value of a currency just adapted to the
wants of the community by increasing or di-
minishing its quantity, and this is true whether
the currency consist wholly of the precious
metals, wholly of paper, or partly of each, kept
uniform in value by ready exchangeability.
This principle arises directly out of the circum-
stance that currency, like every other exchange-
able thing,' has its price—a price measured in
other commodities, and regulated by the rela-
tion between demand and supply. Any excess
of supply over demand cheapens the price, and
if the currency be coin it goes abroad as the
most profitable article of export until the
equilibrium is restored. If it be paper it de-
preciates until the price is such that the demand
and supply are equal. An excess of demand
over supply .has just the contrary effect in both
cases.
The single fact that the currency is below
par when measured in the currency of the
commercial world is conclusive proof that
there is too much of it to pass at par. Hence
it has depreciated to the price at which the
supply and demand are equal. We are now
using about seven hundred million dollars of
currency, excluding the three per cent, certifi-
cates. This, at the average price of gold for
the past year, is equivalent to $518,000,000 at
par. I know no other means of ascertaining
what amount of currency a community needs
than the experiment. What it uses is what it
needs for the time. I therefore affirm that we
now need $700,000,000 at seventy-four cents
to the dollar, or §518,000,000 at par, and that
in the absence of all other disturbing causes
the retiring of $182,000,000 would bring us to
specie payments.
It is not uncommon to bear men say we need
a- given amount of currency per capita "of
population because England or France uses
that amount. This is false reasoning. The
amount of currency needed depends upon the
work it has to do. Currency is not the only
means of effecting exchanges. Bills of ex-
change, promissory notes, drafts, checks on
bank deposits, and a variety of expedionts
