1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27|
10 votes in that district. I merely wanted to
make this statement. Mr. J ones is the only
representative of the district, the only man who
received any votes in the district made vacant
by the death of Colonel Mann.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman from the third
district of Louisiana, who has just spoken, has
evidently misapprehended the facts of the case.
He is talking about the election to fill the
vacancy, while this is a claim on the part of
Mr. Jones for the seat which was occupied by
Mr. Mann prior to the vacancy being made.
The election to fill the vacancy took place six
months afterward. That is to be considered
in the case of Hunt vs. Menard. There is only
one claimant here, and that is Mr. Jones, for
the seat which Mr. Mann occupied here before
his death. Now, I wish to say a word in rela-
tion to the statement of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] The gentleman
is also laboring under a mistake of fact in
regard to the time. The contestant gave his
notice on the 22d of May, 18(58. The answer
was received June 2. The taking of the testi-
mony commenced on the 22d of June, and the
sixty days' time allowed by law expired on
the 10th of August. The taking of the whole
testimony was concluded before Mr. Mann
died, and after his death no further testimony
could be taken either by law or in fact with-
out some action on the part of the House,
and there never has been anybody to repre-
sent Mr. Mann since the taking of the testi-
mony was concluded by law and in fact, if
the gentleman will look at the depositions he
will see that the taking of the evidence was
concluded by the 10th of August; so that the
time during which the testimony could be
taken expired during the lifetime of Mr. Mann.
He did not die until the parties had had full
time to take all the testimony and had taken
all they desired. There never has been any
extension of time.
Still further, the gentleman is mistaken when
lie says that no objection was made to the tes-
timony to which he has referred. If he had
been present, as he was not, when the counsel
argued on the part of Mr. Mann he would have
found that they did object to this testimony,
and I have their written objection before me
made in the argument of counsel in the hear-
ing. They objected to the testimony, aud it
was a good and valid objection, for it was ex
parfeevidence, taken after the time had elapsed,
without authority of law and betore an officer
not authorized to take it, and m addition to
that it is absolutely good for nothing. This
man Leon swears from recollection merely.
He was only an officer in one election precinct.
He swears that he afterward went to the office
oi the chief register, Captain Scott, where the
returns were made; he swears to hearing a
statement made at Captain Scott's office, and
he swears to 1,000 votes less than the aggre-
gate return. He swears to this more than six
months alter the man to whom the votes le-
ferred is dead and six months alter the time
for closing the testimony had passed.
, Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me one moment
on that point. The question suggested by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] shows
that I had not made myself clear m my state-
ment.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to complete what I
have to say upon this point. I read from the
cross-examination of the witness:
"Witness by profession is a civil engineer; expects
an office; Mr. Jones has not promised anything; fig-
ures on card shown were obtained m Washington;
those on the memorandum of witness were obtained
in Captain Scott's office.'3
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to refer him to a portion of the direct tes-
timony of this witness? He says:
"Saw the vote as summed up by Captain Scott;
also counted them; whole number of votes cast on
the 17th and 18th of April, 18®, was 12,318. Jones
received in the first district of New Orleans a ma-
jority of 644. Mann's majorities were, fourth district,
540, ana in the second district was 33, making a total
of 573."
Mr. UPSON. I have read that myself. Here
is what is interlined in the cross-examination
by the person taking the testimony:
("The witness apparently did not understand the
question about counting the votes at Captain Scott's
office.) On second question, did the committee count
the ballots at Captain Scott's? No, simply compiled
the returns from the several polls and made up one
general return to be forwarded to General Buchanan."
There is all that he knew about it. He swears
that he was present there when they compiled
the returns and sent them to General Buchanan,
and General Buchanan, with the returns before
him, says that the vote was 1,000 more than this
witness swears it was. The gentleman from
Tennessee wants us to take the parol testi-
mony of this man one year afterward to con-
tradict the official return of the general com-
manding, who had the returns before him.
Mr. MAY'NARD. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to correct him. I know he does
not want to do injustice in this case. It is
only pride in sustaining the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. UPSON. A large majority of the com-
mittee are in full sympathy with the gentleman
claiming the seat, but on the testimony before
them they could not report in his favor.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will under-
stand that I am not impugning his honesty at
all. But I want to call his attention to a mat-
ter in which I think he does himself injustice.
The witness says that the figures on the card
shown were obtained in Washington, while
those on the memorandum of the witness were
obtained in Captain Scott's office. That is the
memorandum from which I read, and was made
in New Orleans on the 26th of April, 1868,
and it was that which he used to refresh his
memory when he gave his evidence.
Mr. UPSON. He swears that there were
1,100 votes less than are shown by the returns
made to General Buchanan.
This testimony was closed during the life-
time of Mr. Mann; the sixty days were over
before Mr. Mann died; no order was made for
the taking of other testimony or for an ex-
tension ot the time for taking the testimony.
No justice of the peace there was ever author-
ized to take testimony in this case. The whole
of it is illegal and illegitimate ; it is all vague
and inconclusive, and in direct contradiction
of the returns of the commanding officer who
took thein from the official record.
I now yield the remainder of my hour to the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Dawes.]
The SPEAKER. There are two minutes
of the hour left.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will
allow me a little of his time after the previous
question is called.
Mr. UPSON. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. The only importance attached
to this case in these last days of the session is
in connection with the rule that shall be estab-
lished by this House when they come to act
upon it in the decision of other cases ; and
that is the only inducement to me to interfere
in or take part in this debate which my friend,
who has charge of this matter, [Mr. Upson,]
is amply able to take care of himself.
I desire to repeat with him that the sympa-
thies of the Committee ot Elections were en-
tirely with the contestant, Mr. Jones, and they
would have been glad to have found a way
consistent with law and with fact by which they
could report in favor of giving him a seat in
this House. But I want to present one or two
considerations to this House. If they are dis-
posed to lay down a rule by which they desire
themselves to be tried, and by that rule they
decide to admit Mr. Jones to a seat in this
House, then let no man hereafter complain if
he shall find himself in a House with a majority
against him if the rule comes back against
him. Who of you desires to have set aside the
official return of the votes cast in your district
by the simple uncorroborated testimony of one
man? Suppose it to be the testimony of an
upright man, taken in the time prescribed and
according to the forms of law with the oppos-
ing party present, is there any gentleman in
this House who desires to lay down a rule by
which he wishes himself to be tried, a rule that
the official returns of his election shall be set
aside simply upon the statement of one witness
as to what he remembers to have been the state
of things six months before ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Upson] has expired.
Mr. UPSON. I now call the previous ques-
tion on the resolution reported by the com-
mittee, together with the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Black-
burn.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. UPSON. I now yield further time to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. If that were all that there is
in this case I think I could submit it to the
calm and candid judgment of the House. But
that is not all. There is no such case as I have
indicated in this House at this time. The actual
case is this: in this testimony, taken in con-
formity to law during the lifetime of the sitting
member and brought here to be heard before
the committee, there was not one particle of
testimony presented to the committee to inval-
idate the returns. It was after the case was
closed, after death had closed the eyes and lips
of the sitting member and after the ease was
brought here, that the contestant found in this
city a man who was willing, he said, to make
an affidavit that he had seen these returns six
months before, and that then they were differ-
ent from what had been represented in the evi-
dence. He took his affidavit, and my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] says there was
no objection to his doing so. Why, sir, who
! could object? The only man who had a right
to object had been in his grave for months
and the time for taking testimony had closed
before he died.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] take the narrow,
technical ground that there was no competitor,
no opposing party, because Mr. Mann was
dead ?
Mr. DAWES. I am taking the ground—it
may be narrow—that there is something in the
manner of taking this testimony that weakens
its credibility and the faith that we should
attach to it; in the first place, that it was taken
long after the case was closed, there being
when the case closed not a suggestion on the
record that there had been a mistake in the
count; and secondly, that this affidavit was
taken without the presence of any party prop-
erly interested. There was present a man who
volunteered to go there, representing himself,
but not representing Mr. Mann. More than
that, the return which it is proposed to inval-
idate by the affidavit of this witness found in
the city of Washington is precisely the same
return (being on the same paper and signed
by the same man) as the return on which my
friend from Louisiana [Mr. Bi.ackborn] and
his colleague [Mr. Newsham] were admitted
to their seats. If there is any truth in the
statement now made, then these two gentlemen
have no business here ou this floor to-day.
The paper now objected to is the identical
paper on which they have been admitted, and
if there is any truth in the statement made in
the affidavit of this man here in this city that
this return is false and fraudulent then that
fact turns out of the House these gentlemen
who have been advocating the claim of Mr.
Jones.
Mr. MAYNARD. The certificate of Gen-
eral Buchanan states merely the return made
to his office. Does it follow that because in
one district the returns were falsified the re-
turns from the other districts were also falsi-
fied, or is there necessarily any imputation
upon those other returns?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the testimony
is not that the return in any particular district
was falsified, but that this return made here to
