THfi-GbNeilESSlOKiL eta®.
February S,
•Semahd-shaB tlgei-efeeV'" TMs coald- be'done
Tjy'r'edetnption-iit "it |iv53iv price or by retiring
and Canceling on sortie judicious plan.
Many "people speak'and wHt'e of returning to
Specie payments as if feequestion were whether
pr not the Government is able'to pay its cur-
rency debt in corn. I'Ms is a very short-sighted
view of the matter. That there may be-some
difficulty itt'this I do not deny, but it is nbt the
J^eat,paT^m,"o'unt difficulty. 'Wat difficulty coh-
'rfsts in thfe^fcct, which! again repeat,'ftjr"I
-desire to impress it tt'pon the House, that paj-
fhg ourcurieiicy at par in coin will Add more
•lihaii'a tffird- to all the-flebts in the eountrj.
'The maa". who-contracted a debt ot' $-1,000 in
"tf&rfeftcyiwid is compelled to'payi't in coin Is
%6tripelle'd in effect to p'ay'$350'm'oi;e than he
bargained for, arid that man ,'wcrald-exemplify
"%'vert Wge proportion of the people df -the
'^Jailed Slates. ■ " ■ •• ' , •
T?or the f'ea^oiisi have'given I am opposed
<o fixing a dsy,:at lease within the coming half
'dozen years', for the redemption of the Govern-
'flierit issues at :paf, satisfies that-sfich a meas-
ure would be a nullity or work mischief accord-
ing to the popular belief or disbelief'that the
^event woultl b.Etppeii. If xt be ,-possible to
^ appreciate the'currency to par, and "I am loth
'to believe it is not, it can only be 'done by
!$e&hS so slow "and gradual in their operation
"that the appreciation in any one j'ear will not
^exceed the difference between an average and
a high rate of interest, anil so certain that the
-amount of appreciation at any given period in
the future may be'upproximately estimated.
At the opening of the first session of the
present Congress 1 presented a bilhvhich seems
.to me to promise these results probably as cer-
tainly as any of the means proposed. The
same measure was a few.months afterward
■ "presented -by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] and urged in art able speech: • The
"provisions of this bill are substantially these:
1. Let -the Government commence at dnce
exchanging gold for notes at whatever may be
the market rates at the time whenever the
notes shall be presented in amounts not less
than ?100.
2. At'thj end of a month let the amount of
:gold exchanged for $100 of notes be increasad
■ twenty-five cents, and let the same increase be
wade at the end of every subsequent month,
until $100of gold shall be exchanged for $100
.of notes. Then the desiredend will have been
Peached- ■ The time required for the operation
of this plan -would be about ten years, and the
"appreciation would be at a uniform grade, com-
mencing at about fonr per ceht. per annum
and ending at three. This is quite rapid enough
for debtors, and it is not unlikely that a slower
rate of appreciation than that proposed would
bean improvement. Under this plan the value
of the notes in gold for any given point of time
•in the future may be estimated with sufficient
certainty to enable sales on time to be made
and loans to be effected with reference to the
appreciating measure of value.-
Let us now examine the objections winch
are brought forward against this scheme. -The
-gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Li'scn,}-foliow-
4tig the lead of certain newspapers, says it is
!an attempt to fix the price of gold by legisla-
■ tion. This is a mistake. It is an attempt to
• fix; the market price of our notes by exchang-
"ing that price for them whenever presented.
Every man fixes the market price of his paper,
®t least approximately, by his behavior with
^ respect to it. If he redeems it at maturity at
- seventy-five cents to the dollar, and satisfies the
community he will continue to do so, it will
jt pass at that price lacking the discount fixed by
the condition of the money market. Fixing a
gold value to the notes will do away with no
inconsiderable portion of the evils incident to
a depreciated currency, because it will enable
the debtor and creditor to ascertain what the
money will be worth on the day of payment
measured in the currency of the commercial
world.
i. ■^-n0"ier etas® of objectors affeet to consider
the plan a species of repudiation. I have little
rfegpefet' fbrlthat peculiar -iHetrtal visipfi "#hic-h
can see repudiation ici otir'heing wilBB^-to'gi've
seventy-five dollars in gold' for $100 of- our
notes whenever the ho.lder desires it, and yet
can see no repudiation in oar refusing to "do,it.
It may be the highest type of morality for a
debtor to -refuse on this account to:give seventy-
five cents to the dollar in discharge of his debt,
wl^h the' creditor is willing to take it and to
sufiefr 'the claim: to -be s'otd in the market at
lower figures', but it -would be difficult to matte
fire creditor see it. These people forget tha't
this is just whatthe-Gov'ernment fs doing when
it kells gold, yet they see no repudiation in that.
Beside this, the Government is neither unable
nor'utiw'illing to redeem its notes iat par. - It is
only that4he well -being of the-'community will
not 'permitit to- do so at once.
It may 1>e said 'that 'capitalists wotild with-
draw notes from circulation and hoard them
to get the adMtat&'geof the appreci'atifcm. This
might be the Case if the appreciation were eight
or ten per cent-, per dnnum, but three or four
per cent, would hardly pay for keeping the
capital idle for a year. -
It has been suggested that gamblers and
speculators might combine ana draw all the
gold 'out of the Treasury at once by presenting
a sufficient aimflunt of aoteSfor exchange. Let
us examine "this. To get'i>50,000.000 of gold
out of tb§ Treasury when the exchange pticie is
$100 for $180 they must possess themselves of
$65,000,000of not6S.> TowithdWwthat'arfidunt
of notes from circulation would produce sach
a fall of prices that it would be more profit-
able to buy'almost'ahythitrg-else than to take ,
the Government's gold. It is difficult to see
how drawing gold from the Treasury 'faster
than the laws of trade would warrant could be
done with profit. To buy gold in the market
does not lessen the volume of currency, hence
gold may be so bought to sell at higher prices
in notes. But to deposit notes in the Treas-
ury for gold does lessen that volume, and
hence appreciates the remainder, so that gold
So obtained can rarely be sold in the market
for what it oost.
It may be admitted, however, that the pro-
cess would be a losing one, but that the oper-
ators would count upon making up the loss,
and greatly more, when they had exhausted the
Treasury and placed both Government and
people in their power. But it must be* borne
in mind that the operators are matching 'strength
with a sovereign. Just as they are upon the
threshold of success Congress may suspend
the operation of the law aud leave them with
the loss upon their hands. The certainty th&t
this could be done aud would be done when
the necessity required would effectually prevent
the attempt to bankrupt the Treasury from
being made. But, if we grant the possibility
of this operation being successfully carried out
we have a ready means to avoid it. The'plan
I have proposed is intended to appreciate the
currency about a quarter of one per cent, per
month. To do this the average withdrawal of
one quarter of one per cent, of the entire vol-
ume ot'legal tenders would be more than sufii-
cient, because nobody doubts that the notes
will lie at par before the whole volume shall
be withdrawn. Weliave$365,000,000ofnotes
outstanding; onefourthof oneper cent, ofthis
is $912,500. Let the law provide that no more
than $2,000,000 shall be exchanged for gold
at the Treasury during any one month, and the
power of gamblers and speculators to bankrupt
the Treasury is gone.
But I have said enough about this proposi-
tion. If the currency is to be appreciated to
par I know no better me'afcs than this. It 'is
sufficiently slow not to overburden debtors
and sufficiently regular and certain for its re-
sults at any point of future time to be approx-
imately calculated and depended upon in deal-
ings. But it is not likely to be adopted, not
because it will probably be supplanted by some-
thing better, but because ifris very unlikely that
specie payments will be brought about by any
systematic, preconceived plan whatever. His-
tory teaches us that a return-to the use of
-ficii-tt ra&y-bfs looked fpr with -confidence; bttt
history also teaches us that that event is trstl-
fcliy brought about by measures intended tohave
just the opposite effect. ' Congress could not
restore specie payments' more speedily than
-by yielding to every popular demand for infla-
tion, and in doing so-we would be but repeat-
ing history. The process, ho*wever, will hardly
commend itself to our judgment. It would
destroy the wealth of the'nation more effecto-
ally-than decades of war ; it would set us back
a cfentury in material prosperity ; it-Would leave
us without capital, without credit, and without
honor: ' <
The conclusions at which I have arrived are
these: - ' ' '.v'
1. Immediate,, redemption of the notes is
im'prictidable. "ttWbuM bankrupt debtors j it
the "country, '&ad ;ren9er it 'impoSSibfetopay
even the i nterest upoft 'theJftTSfic"debt; for nrtoy
years to come. , ^
% Fixing a day w'ithin two, three,' or fo'ur
years for redeihptio.n would produce the .same
result^ if thecommuhity should belifeve the event
would happen; if not, it would be a nullity, and
the day would bepostponed from time to tioje
or indefinitely from absolute necessity. '
3. Further inflation would start us upon the
road tojvar.d repudiating the,currency, and his-
"tq'ry teaches us that tbereis rip stopping'place
o,n "that road. .Individual debt's would be ean-
>nd notes have bee.ni p$id off in worthless paper
'vioiild neither be .able nor, willing to bear the
taxation jiecessary to pay their neighbors the
Government de"b*t in'ffyil. ,
'4., Doing nothing js less disastrous than
either of these; but it.is dangerpus if long pro-
tracted. It threatens further inflation, or what
is only less disastrous, the catting down of the
dollar. We cannot long remain without a coin.
Gold is the only safe anchoring place for a cur-
rency. Drifted away from that, the currency
becomes a curse rather than a blessing to the
country, and the unnatural stimulus to trade
produced by the process of inflation is only
one of the surest symptoms of breakers
ahead.
, 5. There remains only the. process of con-
traction ;and appreciation, either as a conse-
quence of the other., Tkis is possible if suffi-
ciently slow, regulart.^nd,certain. The attempt
to. withdraw $4,00^,000 per month proved, a
failure. This was-.too rapid.- ,It would have
appreciated the currency at the rate.of ten per
cent, per annum or -ipore,,and:brf)ught about
specie payments in.tliree,years jind.a.Half, pos-
sibly in half the time. Debtors could not bear
this increase of debts, and the public clamor
brought'abpuf. a repeal pf the law. :
The plan had another defect. It was uncer-
tain in its operation. The Secretary ,of.-tJie
Treasury might or might not retire aha cancel,
,and the community could not "know whether Jie
would or not. Hence an additional, element
of'uncertainty was added to the.already uncer-
tain and fluctuating measure of- value. These
defects can be. remedied either by the plan I
have proposed or by some other one sufficiently
slow and certain in its operations. But the
present Congress will do nothipg. Let us hope
that the next one will see that the only feas-
ible road to specie payments is through slow,
certain, and regular contraction and apprecia-
tion.
Mr. PRUYN addressed the committee on
the resumption of specie payment. . [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
■ Mr. MULLINS then addressed the commit-
tee on the;prineiples and duties of republican
government. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. Poland obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. McCORMIOK, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to. -
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
