THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21 i
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
motion to suspead the/rules?
- Several'Members: objected.
The question was taken ; and the motion"
was agreed to} two thirds voting in the affirma-
tive.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
Mr. Menard will first address the House.
'Mr. WOODWARD. I suggest that he speak
from the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. A contestant having no
seat is usually allowed to speak from whatever
place he can.
Mr. WOODWARD. We can hear him better
from the desk.
Mr. VAN HORN, ofNew York. I object.
Mr. MENARD, (thecontestant.) Mr. Speak-
er, X appear here more to acknowledge this high
privilege than to make an argument before this
Mouse. It was certainly not my intention at
first to take any part in this case at all; but as
I have been sent here by the votes of nearly
nine thousand electors I would feel myself re-
creant to the duty imposed upon me if I did not
defend their rights on this floor. I wish it to
be well understood before I go any further that
in the disposition of this case I do not expect
nor do I ask that there-shall beany favor shown
me on account of my race or the former con-
dition of that race. I wish the case to be decided
on its own merits and nothing else. As I said
before the Committee of Elections, Mr. Hunt
who contests my seat is not properly a con-
testant before this House, for the reason that
he has not complied with the law of Congress
in serving notice upon me of his intention to
contest ray seat. The returns of the board of
canvassers of the Srate of Louisiana were pub-
lished officially on the 25th of November, and
the gentleman had sufficient time to comply
with the law of Congress if lie had chosen to do
so. When Congress convened on the 7th of
December he presented to the Speaker of this
House a protest against my taking my seat. I
did not know the nature of that protest until
about the middle of January, when the case was
called up before the committee.
Upon this point of notice I desire to call the
attention of the House to this fact: that Gen-
eral Sheldon, who ran on the same ticket that
I did as a candidate for the Forty-First Con-
gress, was declared to be elected upon the
same grounds that I was, and he wrote to the
chairman of the Committee of Elections to find
out his opinion with regard to this question of
notice. Mr. Hunt, it seems, failed to give him
notice also; and I understood when I was last
in New Orleans that it is the opinion of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections that
the case of Mr. Sheldon is a very clear one. I
am very sorry- that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections did not give me the benefit
of that opinion."
I am of opinion that when Congress euacted
that law it certainly intended that every con*
testant should comply with its requirements,
and I can see no reason why the law should be
set aside in this caseany more than in anyother,
and 1 think that if Mr. Hunt did not know the
law of Congress he was a very poor subject to
be sent to Congress. - [Laughter.]
Now, sir, the Committee of Elections, in
their report, have cited the New Hampshire
case of Perkins Morrison, but they take as
a precedent the action of the minority of the
committee in that case, which is very strange
indeed, and they give us no benefit from the
report of the majority of that committee. I
ask the Clerk to read from that majority report
the passage which I have marked.
• The Clerk-read' as follows :
"By the Constitution of the United States the right
to prescribe the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Representatives in each State is d eel ared
tobem the Legislature thereof, subject to the superior
power of Congress to make or alter such regulations
by law. That power, however. Congress has never
exercised, uuloss it,was partially exerted by the sec-
ond section ofibe act of June 25,1842, to which refer-
encehat> already beenibade. Iiirmted only, therefore,
by, th#provisipnsof that$§c*iQ9, the legislature of
JNew Hampshire had.plen&Ky power to prescribe by
wbatthstricts the elections should be. made, and to
change the boundaries of Chose districts at. its pleas-
ure and at any time. No constitutional provision, no
law of Congress restrains this right originally to lorn*
or subsequently to alter the limits <>f congressional
districts at the discretion of the State Legislature. It is
conceded that Congress could by law have exclusively
determined the extent of each district and .enacted,
that it should remain unchanged under the appor-
tionment during the entire period of ten years. But
thishasnot been done. Theactof June25,1842, only
enacted that the elections, alike general and special,
should be by districts of contiguous territory - and
und^rthe law the limits of each district must be as
they were before its passage—such as the Legislature
of the State may from tim8 to time prescribe. Tne
act of Congress is merely commendatory. It was not
possible to delegate to the State Legislature the legis-
lative power vested by the Constitution in Congress.
It follows, of course, that the districting acts are the
untrammeled action of the Legislative Assembly of
New Hampshire, and consequently that the power to
change the boundaries of a district remains unlim-
ited m the same Legislature. Your committee are
not informed that this position has hitherto ever been
seriously controverted. Such appears to have been
the common understanding1. The Legislatures of
several of the States, after having formed congres-
sional districts in conformity witb the recommenda-
tion of the act of Congress of J line 25,1842, have sub-
sequently redistrictcd the States or made changes in
the boundaries of the distiicts previously foiined,
North Caiolina, Georgia, Ohio, and Pennsylvania
are among thenumber. Representativeselectedfrom
thedistricts thus reorganized have been admitted to
seats in tue House without objection. Move than
twenty Representatives elected by these lemodeied
disti icts sit unchallenged in the present Congress.
" But it is urged on behalf of the con testant that if
the power be conceded to the Legislature ot New
Hampshire to redi&tnct the State, the districting
act of July 11,1850. doesnot extend to an election to
fill vacancies in t he Thirty-First Congress. In terms,
however, it unquestionably does. It took effect from
its passage. It repealed so much of the iormer acr
as was inconsistent with its provisions. Immediate'y
on its passage, therefore, there were no congres-
sional districts in New Hampshire other than tho-e
limited by this later act. An election to fill the va-
cancy occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Wilson
could, thei etore, have been held in no other manner
than that in which the si* ting member was elected.
The third district, by which Mr. Wilson was elected,
was a creature of the act of Julv 2,184(3; it was sus-
tained by it and ceased with it. When, therefore, an
e'ection was oidered to be held on the 8 h of Octo-
ber, 1800, no political diviMon, no congressional dis-
trict, embracing exclusively the counties of Hillsbor-
ough and Cheshire, h id any legal existence. It had
given place to the third district as limited by the
second districting act. The Governor of the State
could issue his precept to none other than an exist-
ing distr ct. Had the pieccpfc been sent to the coun-
ties of Hillsborough and Cheshire alor.c, it would
have been sent to a political nonentity. "
Mr. MENARD. Mr. Speaker, in the mat-
ter of redisricting the State of Louisiana the
Governor had no authority of law whatever to
send his precept for an election to fill this va-
cancy to any other district than the new one
made* by the Legislature on the22d of August,
1868. He could not have ordered an election
to fill this vacancy under a law which had been
repealed.
There is another point to which I wish to
call the attention of tuis House. The State
was redistricted before Colonel Mann died.
Therefore, at the time when he died his dis-
trict was intact, and no change was made in it
after his death. And the voters in that portion
of the new district which were formerly within
the districts that elected Mr. Newsham and
Mr. Vidal to this House were no longer con-
stituents of those gentlemen, but had become
the constituents of Mr. Mann. So far as the
law is concerned Mr. Mann represented the
new district as it now stands. And when he
died, and there was a vacancy in that new dis-
trict, the Governor of the State had no power
whatever to order an election in the old d s
trict to fill the vacancy, but the election had
to be held by law within the territorial limits
of the new district. The Legislature of Louisi-
ana, according to the Constitution of the United
States, had the power to change the districts.
Therefore the Governor was by the new re-
districting act to order an election to fill the
vacancy within the new district.
Now, I would call attention to another point.
If it be admitted that the election was legal,
and that the Legislature had full power to
create new districts, I ask a moment's atten-
tion while I compare the vote on the 3d of No-
vember with the-vote cast in the preceding
April election on the ratification of the constitu-
tion.- In the first, second, thiid, tmth, and elev-
enth wards of the city of New Orleans, which
are included in the new second eongresBional
district, the vote for the constitution in April
was 7,373. In the same wards on the 3d of
November there were only 125 votes, showing*
a falling off of 7,248 votes in the spacfe of si 
months. In the parish of Jefferson, on the
17th and 18th days of April, 1868, the votes
for the constitution were 8.133. On the 3d oP
November following the Republican votes in
that parish were ouly 662; showing, a falli-ng
off in six months of 2.470 votes. This is8u£*
ficient to show to any reasonable person that
the loyal voters in this portion of the district
were deprived of the right to go to the polls
and cast their ballots. Now, this falling off
was caused by the intimidations and threats
made and the frauds practiced in those par*
ishes. And I now ask Congress on behalf of
the loyal people of my district to set aside the
returns of votes from those parishes, so as to
give the rebels there no more encouragement
for their systematic plan of fraud and intimida-
tion. And if the votes of those two parishes
are thrown out I will then have, in the remain-
der of the district, a majority over Mr. Hunt,
my contestant, of 3,341 votes. And as I hold
the certificate of election from the Governor,
I hold that I should be recognized and ad-
mitted to this body as the legal Representative
of the district m which a vacancy was created
by the death of my predecessor, Mr. Mann.
There is no evidence whatever that there was
any fraud in the election-in the remaining five
parishes of the.district. Our vote in Novem-
ber compares favorably with the vote cast in
April for the constitution. And I think that
Congress should recognize the right of the
voters of those parishes to be represented here.
Had the same Republican vote been cast in
November that was cast in April in the par-
ishes of Orleans and Jefferson I would still
have a majority over Mr. Hunt of several hun-
dred votes.
It will be noticed that under the new regis-
tration for the election of November there were
20.314 voters registered in the five wards of
the city of New Orleans comprised in the sec-
ond congressional district of Louisiana. The
total votes in those wards cast, at the election,
admitting all of them to have been legal, were
11,660, showing that over 8,500 legal voters
were deprived of the right to vote in conse-
quence of the condition of things then existing
in Louisiana, and I have every reason to be-
lieve, judging from the election in April pre-
vious, that those 8,500 were Republican voters.
I ask this House to give these meu—most of
whom were colored—some consideration, and
not allow the rebel votes to be counted against
them. If this is done, it is. possible that at
the next election loyal men will have a chance
to express their will through the ballot-box.
And according to the registration for the par-
ish of Jefferson there were then 5,960 \ oters,
while the total number of votes cast on the 3d
of November was 2,886. showing that in that
parish alone there were 3,083 loyal voters who
were deprived of their right to vote in conse-
quence of the intimidation and lawlessness
there.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The fifteen minutes have
expired. The other claimant, Mr. Hunt, is
now entitled to the floor for fifteen minutes.
Mr. KERR.- Mr. Hunt desires me to say
that he does not wish to occupy any part of his
fifteen minutes. He leaves the question to be
discussed by other gentlemen.
Mr. MAYNARD, Mr. Speaker, would it
be in order for me now to make the motion I
indicated a few moments since?
The SPEAKER. It could only be presented
' in the form of an amendment to the pending
resolution. The House is now considering the-
question of the claims of these respective con-
testants to the seat. That is a question of as
high privilege as any that can be pending in
the House at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. The point, in the form in
which I proposed to present it, was that which-
ever of these claimants holds the cfertifioate
is prima facie entitled to the seat, and- should
