ie§9.
TIP eONqRESSWAL GLQgpv
BaooafALL haying taken the chaw as Speaker
pro, tempore, ISt". Maxnauj? repprted tl)at the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the President's an-
nnal rhessage of 1867, and had come to'iio res-
olution thereon. •
- And then, on motion of Mr, McCORMICK,
fhe'Honse (at ten o'clock and fifty-five minutes
p. ni.;)'adjourned'. ' :
PETITIONS, Etc.
■ The following petitfonsi &o., were presented
under the rule,'and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By th§ SPEAKER: The petition of Cap-
tain Walliani A. Parker, United States Navy,
for restoration to the active list of the Navy.
By Mr. BANKS. . The petitionof Johu C.
Blasdel, for a change in the registry of the
steamer Island City, and stating that since
her transfer to the British register more than
two thirds of her value has been expended in
repairs upon' her, making her substantially an
American vessel.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Profes-
sor W. iL Norton find others, asking that an
appropriation be 'made to meet the expenses
6? observations in the .total eclipse of the sun
in August next.
"By Mr. BINGHAM: The memorial of Rev.
Chairles V- Courtri'gkt'an'd 200 others, Christian
citizens, of Senecaville,Guernsey county, Ohio!
praying that the-Constitution of the United
States be so amended as to recognize the power
and acknowledge the goodness of Almighty
(Sod- as the ruler of and dispenser of blessings
to this Government and all nations.
' By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: Concurrent
resolutions of the ^Legislature of the State of
ISansas, memorializing Congress to appoint
'commissioners.to audit the claims of citizens of
Kansas for property destroyed or taken away
by Quantrell and other rebel raiders.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture af the State of Kansas, protesting against
the ratification'of the treaty with the Great and
Little Osage tribe of Indians by the Senate of
the United States unless the sixteenth and
^birty-sixth sections' of la;tid in each township
shall be appropriated to the State for the sup-
port of common schools- and the balance of the
lands opened to the operation of the home-
stead and preemption laws. .
1 Also, concurrent resoluti'ops of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, requesting Con-
gress to enact sucli laws as may be necessary
tp secure the rights of twenty thousand bona
$(le-settlers upon the Cherokee neutral lands
in said State, and to secure the sixteenth and
thirty sixth-sections of land in each township
rfor the support of common schools.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State df ! Kansas," memorializing
^Congress to make ail appropriation to build a
.court-house and post office at Topeka, the cap-
ital of the State,'and a custom-house and post
"office at the city of Leavenworth Kansas.
Also, concurrent resolutions of tlie Kansas
Legislature, requesting the Kansas delegation
in Congress to lay the Price raid claims before
pongress and ask their immediate payment.
... .Also, concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State, of Kansas, tendering thanks
to Generals Sheridan and Custer and Colonel
jprsyth, for their efficiency in prosecuting the
Jpdian war, and declaring that the Legislature
of itansashas no sympathy for the peace com-
mission and .eastern, philanthropists who are
_encleavoring to cast odium, on those gallant
commanders.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of'Kaasas, instructing the Rep-
resentative.and.,Senator's Qf Kansas to endeavor
.to secure the passage of a law provicSing for the
'adjustmerit.andpaytae.ntQf Kansas Indian dep-
redation claims now on file in the office -of tfte
.Commissioner pf Indian Affaire.- ' ' ;
Atsc>r concurrent" resoiutions'of the Legisla-
ture of the, .St%te of Kansas, instructing the
Kansas delegation in Ccingres^'to obtain itia'
passage of a bill authorizing persons who'have
taken less than one"hundred and sixty acres
of land as homesteads in. certain counties in
Kansas to prove up and hold enough more to
make their claims one hundred and sixty s^cres
each.
Also, concur^epl resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, instructing the Rep-
resentative an&Senators of Kansas in Congress
to secure a iriaiiroute frdm'Topeka, Shawnee
county, Kansas,, to Mngcotah, .in Atchison
county, Kansas, viaRice's school-house, South
Cedar, North Cedar, and Arington.
Also, concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, requesting the
Kansas delegation in Congress to secure a post
route from Vienna, in Pottawattamie county,
Kansas, via Eytchinsori's crossing of the Red
VermilliQji, and ^Jeuchatel, to Centralis., Ne-
maha county, Kansas.
By Mr- GQYODE: A petition of 750 citi-
zens of western Pennsylvania, in favor of an
amendment of the Constitution so as to ac-
knowledge the Supreme Ruler.
By Mr? ECKLEYThe petition of 127 citi-
zens of the counties of Carroll and Jefferson,
in the State of Ohio, asking for an amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
go as jo acknowledge Almighty God as the su-
preme source of all power and authority in
civil government.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition .of
George Veelfort, for pay as a lieutenant.
Also, a petition of citizens of Tamaqua,
Pennsylvania, for an appropriation for the Na-
tional Homestead, at Gettysburg, for the or-
phans of soldiers and sailors.
By Mr. HILL: A petition .asking that the
law of March 3, 1805, providing that bounties
for volunteers he* extended to volunteers who
served in the Army under the nine months'
eall. .
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia; The
petition of W. S. Alexander and <12 others,
citizens of West Virginia, asking an amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
acknowledging Almighty God as the source
of all authority and power in civil government,
the Lord Jesns Christ os the ruler among the
nations, and His revealed'will as of supreme
anthorily in order to constitute a Christian
Government.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of importers,
dealers, and consumers of salt, praying for a
reduction of the duty on salt.
.By Mr. KELSEY: A protest of the Yates
County Agricultural Society, of New York,
against opening the markets of the United
States to productions of the Dominion of Can-
ada, through a new treaty of reciprocity, so-
called.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Cap-
tain William S. Reynolds, a Tennessee scout,
praying compensation for seivices during the
Mexican war and the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. MOORE; A petition of 28-vessel
owners of Searsport, Maine, praying the inter
vention of Congress to protect all engaged in
navigation from illegal exactions by State and
municipal corporations.
By Mr. ORTH: A petition for a post route
from Lebanon, by way of Dover, to Cr&wfords-
ville, Indiana;
Also, the petition of Mrs. Eliza Green, for
relief.
By Mr. PHELPS: The remonstrance of
Daniel Miller & Co. and others, merchants of
Baltimore, against the further postponement
of the fifty per cent, provision of the bankrupt
law!'
Also, a remonstrance of the Baltimore Board
of Trade, against the proposed congressional
abrogation of State or municipal tonnage regu-
lations.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of
George C. Stone, to refund tax on cotton. -,
.By Mr. SELYE: The petition pf -Herman
Volgh'tlander, for a pension.
' " JN. SENATE., , , , ,
". Sat^pa-s:,. Febraqry 6,
Prayet by Rev. E. Hi" Grat, D. D. ■:
On motion of Mr. -WILLIAMS, and TSy
unanimous cons&nt, the readingpf"the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with. • "
petitions and"'memorials.;
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore presetted
resolutions of the Legislature of West?
ginia, in favor of a grant of lands to aid in the
construction of the West Virginia railway; ex-
tending from the Pennsylvania line,'tWo'ughr
the center of the State, to' Ghatfleston; on tmj
Kanawha river; which were ordered' to'lie-on
the table! *
He also presented resolutions of the consti-
tutional convention of Texas, respecting a
division of that State, and providing' for 'the
election of delegates to proceed to WashiAgtofc
to represent the condition of the State ; wfiicfi
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Boston
Board of Trade, against any alteration' or
change in the present bankrupt law; for thf
appointment of a commission to revise the
tariff, and in relation to the various State and
municipal fees levied upon vessels engaged in
the foreign and coastwise trade of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. " '
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Nw M®
ico, in favor of the establishment of amilitary
post to the west of the Magdalena- mountains
for the protection of the inhabitants of Socorro",
Valencia, and Bernallis counties from incur-
sions of the various bands of Indians,; which
syas referred to the Committee on Military, Af-
fairs. .
He also presented the petition of William
A. Parker, captain United States Navy, pray-
ing to be restored to the active list; which was
referred to the Committee an Naval -4t&irs.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Oregon, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Lewisville to
Elk City, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee onPost Offices andPost Roads.
He .also presented resolutions of the Jiegis"-
lature of Oregon, in favor of an appropriation
for a military and post road from the Willamette
river along the southern bank of the Columbia
river as far as Dalles City; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. .
He also.presented a resolution qf the Legis-
lature of Oregon,'in favor of aid' to the Cor-
vaUiaaudYaquima Railroad Company to .seep re
the early construction of that railroad-; which
was referred to the Copimittee dnPublic Lands.
lie also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, in favor of aid for the con-
struction of a railroad from Salt Lake to the
Columbia river, and for a railroad from the
Big Beud of the Humboldt river, in the State
of Nevada, to the Klamath Lake, and thence to
the Columbia river; which was ordered to lie
on the table. - . ,
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition w
reference to election laws and naturalization,
which cotnes from the State council of the
Union League of America of the State of New
York, representing,a membership of more than
a quarter of a million of loyal citizens. The
petition sets forth the great evil that now exists
in frauds upon the elections, and states that
Congress, and Congress alone; can interpose the
needed remedies,' -and asks such modifications
of the laws in reference to naturalization as to
nutu'n end to abuses. I move that this petition
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
~ Mr- CONKLING. I present, also, the pe-
tition of a. large number of citizens of New
Yofck, asking, in behalf of the National Home-
stead at Gettysburg for orphans of soldiers and
gailprs of the United States, that an appropri-
ation'be mads to that institution which may
