•1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
that the redisricting of the State was only
prospective, and that any election by voters of
the third district to fill a vacancy that had arisen
in the second district was illegal and void.
That is the conclusion to which the committee
have arrived. They apply the same rule to the
case of Mr. Hunt, and they find by the same
reasoning that he is not entitled to a seat here,
although he claims that he was elected by
voters in the new portions of the district.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. He is discussing, as I
understand, the relations between the old and
the new district and the vote in the respective
districts. I wish to ask him whether the law
which created the new district did not repeal
the law creating the old district, and whether
there could have been any legal election at
all on the basis of the old districting law?
Mr. UPSON. The act redisricting the
State repealed only so much of former acts as
was inconsistent with it. It was only prospect-
ive in its operation, applying to elections of
members to future Congresses.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does the law say so?
Mr. UPSON. The law provides for the
repeal of everything '* inconsistent with the
provisions of*this act." The same reasoning
applicable in this case was adopted in the case
of Perkins vs. Morrison. The language used
in that case is as follows:
" It does not purport to provide for any method of
filling vacancies that might occur iu.the future, and
beyond all question it was understood as providing
only for the election of members of future Congresses.
Such are tlie terms of the act and such must also be
its spirit. A vacancy in the House of Representa-
tives is the occurrence of an event by which a por-
tion of (tie people are left unrepresented, and the
filling of that vacancy is directed by the Constitu-
tion m such explicit language as requires no aid
from State enactments to perfect theright. Thesec-
ond section of the first article in the Constitution
contains the following provision: 'When vacancies
occur in the representation nom any State the
executive authority thcicof shall i^ue writs of elec-
tion to fill such vacancies.' This is the onlv pro-
vision of law ou the subject of vacancies, and it i^
ample and sufficient. No act of the Legislature of
New Hampshire purports to interfere in the matter,
and the act of July ought, not, in our belief, to be
understood as requiring the vacancy occasioned by
General Wilson's leMguation to be filled by any
other people than tho^e wliOce Representative he
was."
Mr. GARFIELD. One further question.
Has the gentleman's attention been called to
the case of two members now on this floor—
the gentlemen from Indiana [Mr. AVasiibtrx]
and his colleague [Mr. Huxter]—who are at
the present moment members from the same
district and have been for more than a year,
the old law by which their districts were cre-
ated having been repealed. The appointment
of registers in bankruptcy as well as everything
official that has been done in regard to the
congressional districts since that time has pro-
ceeded on the basis of the new districts. I
ask the gentleman whether this case which I
now cite is not precisely parallel to the case he
is discussing?
Mr. UPvSON. There is 110 parallel between
the two cases. The two gentlemen from In-
diana to whom the gentleman has referred
were both elected from their respective dis-
tricts atthesame time,and no vacancy has since
occuried in cither district, nor has any special
election since been held there. In the present
case there has been a special election to fill a
vacancy in the Congress to which Mr. Mann was
elected; and it is absurd to say that an election
in that district for a member of Congress is for
only half a term, provided the Representative
chosen in the first instance dies, and that the
election of his successor for the residue of the
term must be held in a district which is sub-
stantially different from that in which the first,
election was held.
Mr. GARFIELD. Suppose a vacancy should
occur in one of the two districts represented
b) the two gentlemen from Indiana already re-
ferred to, would the gentleman's line of rea-
soning lead him to declare that in such a case
there must be an election on the basis of the
old district rather than on the basis of the new
district which has been recognized by law for
a yfcar and a half?
Mr. UPSON. I certainly do maintain that
to fill the vacancy the election would have to
'be held on the basis of the old district; other-
wise it would happen that a portion of the
people embraced within the new district would
for the residue of the term have two Repre-
sentatives in Congress, while a portion of the
people in the old district would have no Rep-
resentative.
Mr. GARFIELD. One further question
before the gentleman leaves this point. Does
not Mr. Menard seek to represent, and, if
elected at all. was he not elected to represent
the second congressional district of Louisiana?
And did not Mr. Mann, the deceased member,
represent the second district? Is there not as
regards this district a mere change of bound-
aries rather than a change of identity?
Mr. UPSON. There is an absolute change
of identity; for a majority of the voters in the
second district as organized under the recent
law are residents of the district now repre-
sented by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Newsham.]
Mr. GARFIELD. That I understand; but
is it an absolute change?
Mr. UPSON. The district could with more
propriety be called the third than the second,
because it contains more of the voters of the
third than the second.
Mr. GARFIELD. The law calls it the sec-
ond district. !
Mr. UPSON. But that does not change the
reality. The repealing clause of the law of
Louisiana, to which the gentleman has called
my attention, provides that—
" All Jaws and part" of laws in conflict with this act
be, and the same are hereby, repealed."
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it not in conflict with
that act for the old districts to remain after the
new districts have been created?
Mr. UPSON. No. sir; because that is be-
yond their power. rThat gun has gone off.
The election had taken place for members of
| this Congress, and that legislation could not ;
| change it. It could make no change except i
| for members of the next Congress. Does the 1
; gentleman say they can make a law for half ;
: of a Concre^s, and then say for the next half ;
I of the Congress the election should be held in
| another district?
I call attention of the House to the reason- |
; ing in the case to which I have referred: i
" It would not be a preservation of the purity of ■
the elective franchise, nor would it be a just guard- !
lanship of the republican principle that all shall
have a. right to be represented, to admit the power
of a State Legislature to provide that a portion of
the people should have two Representatives in Con-
gress wmle another portion should havo none or
not be represented by the man of their choico."
" " It is, besides, in disregard of the
law of Congress of June, 1812, which declares that
no one district shall be entitled to two Representa-
tive:?. If the peuple who choose a Repiesentative
arc not entitled to fill the vacancy happening by his
resignation it is impossible to tell what portion of
the population may mostproperly exercise this priv-
ilege. It seems to be assumed in this case that the
new district made by the act of July 11, 1S50, and
numbered three, has the right to send a Representa-
tive in place of General VViIson because the number
corresponds with that which General Wilson repre- |
sentcd. But the order ot numbering is an unimport- I
ant circumstance, and the first or the fourth district
might have been as properlj called the third as any
other; yet it would be a strange assertion that on
this account such district would bo authorized to .
have two Representatives during the remainder of
the Thirty-First Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me ask my friend a
question in this connection. I desire to obtain
information on the subject. Was not an elec-
tion held at the same time for members of the
next Congress, and I ask him whether upon
the same ticket members for the present and
for the next Congress were not voted for?
Mr. UPSONr. It was so all over the State.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether the principle here involved may
not arise in the next Congress?
Mr. UPSON. Jt can never happen again,
unless a vacancy should arise under the same
circumstances.
Mr. GARFIELD. Would a decision in this
case one way or Ihe other in any way affect the
ease of General Sheldon in the next Congress ?
Mr. UPSON. Not in the least. The elec-
tion was held properly, so far as his case is con-
cerned. It does not affect an election for a
future Congress, but only an election for an
unexpired term of this Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will say that so far as
Mr. Menard is concerned it is unimportant
whether the election was held in the new dis-
trict or in the old district, for on the returns he
is in the minority, and a greater minority in
the old district than in the new.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that this certificate did not
show that Mr. Menard had received a majority
of the votes ?
Mr. UPSON. The certificate says nothing
about that.
Mr. GARFIELD. What does the certificate
say ?
Mr. UPSON. It is in the ordinary form from
the Governor of Louisiana, certifying to bis
election ; but accompanying that certificate
and filed with the Speaker at the same time
was a certified statement of the Governor and
secretary of State of Louisiana, giving the
i whole vote of the district and the reasons which
! induced them to throw out certain votes. The
]; reasons they give for throwing out those votes
]! are the very reasons why they should have been
P counted. The prima facie case then changed,
j; The whole matter was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections for their determination. They
were asked to decide which of these two, Me-
, nard or Hunt, was entitled to the seat, and they
have decided that neither of them was entitled
| to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say the Governor gave a certificate
of election to both of these parties, Menard and
Hunt?
Mr. UPSON. No; he gave the certificate
of election to Menard, but the certified state-
ment which accompanied it showed that Me-
nard had received a minority of the votes.
Mr. GARFIELD. He gave a certificate to
one and a certified statement showing the vote
to the other?
Mr. LTPS0N. He gave a certificate accom-
panied by a statement showing what votes had
been counted and what votes had been rejected.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then, the prima facie
right to the seat is in Mr. Menard?
Mr. UPSON. No ; the prima facie wrong
is in Mr. Menard.
Mr. GARFIELD. The prima facie, wrong?
Mr. UPSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it prima facie wrong
when he comes with a certificate of election?
Mr. UPSON. I takeboth the papers referred
to together. I say, so far as the return is con-
cerned in that second district of Louisiana, Mr.
Menard is returned as having received only 93
votes.
Mr. ROSS. By what authority can a Gov-
ernor give a certificate except to a man who is
elected ?
Mr. UPSON. The question here is not as
to what authority he had, but what he did.
Mr. ROSS. It has no force or validity if
given to the wrong man.
Mr. UPSON. The reasons are given, and I
have shown wherein they are invalid.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask my friend
whether the certificate given by the Governor
to Mr. Menard is not such as wouldgive him a
prima facie right to a seat in this House just
exactly as good as that of any member here
to-day.
Mr. UPSON. It is ; but I will tell the gen-
tleman so it was in regard to the certificates
from every 011c of the southern States^ that
have also been referred to the committee.
And so it was in regard to the case of the
members from Kentucky and that of Mr.
Buti.er, of Tennessee. In referring this case
to the committee all the papers were sent to
them, and now 011 the face of these papers it
is shown that Mr. Menard was not entitled to
the seat. The gentleman cannot by any cypher-
ing or by any principle of law make Out a
prima facie case for Mr. Menard.
