i860.
CONGRESSIONAL <JLOliJ
i'stratorsof law and not the mere agents of the
President,, as any examination of the statutes
will show, ought to be protected by the law,
and ought not to be changed without the con-
stitutional 'assent of the Senate. But, as the
tinie is short, I only wished to state, as I thought
it my .duty, my own change of opinion touch-
ing the first section of the bill. -
" lit-, HENDRICKS.; I wish to ask the Sen;
ator before he takes Bisf seat what class of offi-
cers the sixth line of the fourth sectiofi refers to ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It refers particularly to
officerS'of bureaus itt the Navy1 Department,
andl believe, there are some in the War Depart-
ment connected with West Point, though I am
not sure" about that. But there is a statute
relating, to tM 'Nary which requires certain
bureaus which are composed of officers of the
Navv to be constituted, and provides that the
heads of those bureaus shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, from certain designated
classes of officers in the Nary; and it is stated
that there is essential reason in good sense for
that old law which is still existing, and to meet
that reason the committee made this exception.
Mv. HENDRICKS. Was the committee
satisfied that that ought to be continued?
'Mr. EDMUNDS. The committee were sat-
isfied that it was well epough tp leave the law
upon that point as 8 specific statute had left it;
and they arranged the detail of that so as not
to interfere with the special act of Congress on
that subject-
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I am in
favor of the total repeal of this law. I believe
it was a mistake in the beginning. I do not
believe that the country or the Republican party
ever derived any benefit from it. On the con-
trary I believe itbasbeen the means by which,
to some extent, thieves have been continued
in office, and the responsibility for continuing
them in office has been more or less success-
fully laid upon the Republican party.
The amendment offered by the committee,
while it gives to the President the ehoiee of
the members of his Cabinet without the, inter-
ference of .the'Senate to aid him in removals,
ye.t leaves the rest of the law in a worse form
than it waf "before. It provides that as to all
other officers the President cannot remove
them at pleasure, but during the vacation of
Congress he may suspend them and appoint
some other persons to perform their duties.
In twenty days after the beginning of the next
session he is to-report the suspension and the
name of the person who has been appointed
to perform the duties, but he is not required
to give any reason for the suspension. If there
he reasons for the suspension the Senate is
left to grope in the dark. Under the present
law the President is. required to give the rea-
sons for the suspension, that the Senate may
readily pass upon the suspension, whether it
is justifiable or not; but under this amend-
ment he is required to give no reason at all,
and the Senate is therefore left in the dark as
to the ground of the suspension, and whether it
is justifiable or not. Then, Mr. President, if
it shall turn out that the Senate refuse to con-
cur in the suspension, the officerwho has been
suspended and has been disgraced, and, as the
'Senate may think, wrongfully, is restored to
his place, but with the loss of the emoluments
of the office in the mean time. It may turn
out, in the opinion of the Senate, that the ■sus-
pension was entirely wrong, that lie is a worthy
■officer, bat he is thus, perhaps for months,
suspended between heaven and earth, not
knowing what his fate shall be ; not, perhaps,
at liberty to engage in-other kinds of business ;
and when it shall turn out that he is innocent
■and that he has been wrongly suspended he is
to be restored; - but frith a loss of the salary or
-eraolarhents.of the "office in the mean time. I
•cannot think of anything more inequitable ol
unjust than this, and I know of ho reason 'for
"such an amendment..
- I believe'experience has shown that the ten-
''ti¥e-o£-offiee law has doue the country no good.
I believe it can only be the m-earis of doing
harm. I am therefore in favor of its. total
repeal. This amendment is good SO fafr as it
goes in allowing the President to choose the
members of his Cabinet, the members of his
official family, his confidential adviser®; and
the idea of ever preventing a President from
doing that was absurd, was contrary to the
very nature of administration.
But, sir;-upon the other point, I think the
law is by this bill made worse than it was. If
the President can only suspend an officer and
is required to send to the Senate notice of the
suspension and of the name of the person ap-
pointed to perform the duties in the mean time,
let him be required to give the reasons, that the
Senate may judge of them; but he is by this
bill not required to give any reason; he is
especially relieved from that, and we are to
take up the case of the suspension without
knowing for what cause the officer has been
suspended. It seems to me to be unreasonable,
and then gross injustice would be perpetrated
to the officer suspended if it should turn out
that he was innoeent and had been improperly
suspended.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, two years ago,
when the first attempt was made to regulate
the tenure of civil office, a bill was reported
here the first section of which read very much
as the first section of the present law would
read if the first section of this proposed amend-
ment were agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly.
Mr. HOWE. It read literally like this, the
Senator from Vermont reminds me. In other
words, it was proposed then to restrict the
authority of the President to remove all offi-
cers except those who are called Cabinet offi-
cers. Ifeltcalledupon then tomoveanamend-
ment which would strike out that exception,
and would leave to the President the sam«
control over the members of his Cabinet, so
called, as he has over all the other officers.
That amendment of mine for a time met with
but little favor. After a fashion it was at
length acquissced in, upon a compromise be-
tween the two Houses, so that the law now
reads as it does. It is now proposed to make
an exception of these officers again, to give
the President absolute control over them, while
not consenting to his control over other offi-
cers. ;
When I moved that amendment I did so
■because I believed the law, as I would have it
and as it would have been if my amendment
had been agreed to, was the law which the best
interests of the country required, the law which
the Constitution contemplated, and a law which
is necessary in order to secare at all times an
efficient and honest administration of the pub-
lic service. I did not move that amendment in
order to put special fetters on the hands or feet
of the present President of the United States.
I said so at the time; I repeat it now, after
all the experience we have had. 1 think it
was the law as it ought to be, let who would
be President; and I t'eel bound, therefore, to
move to strike out the first section of the pend-
ing bill; and I want to say in support of that
amendment two or three things.
I disagree with the honorable Senator from
Indiana,- [Mr. Morton,] as widely as one pole
differs from the other, in the estimate which
he places upon the existing tenure-of-office
law. I deny altogether that it has had the
slightest influence in demoralizing the public
service. I deny that, an honest President and
an earnest President cannot just as readily
and as effectually dispose of *a dishonest officer,
-an unfaithful or incapable officer, under the
-existing law, as he ever could.
But 1 agree with the Senator from Indiana
■upon another point, and that is, that there is
not any actual or conceivable reason why you
-should not allow a President to dismiss a post-
master at his pleasure, than there is why you
-should not allow him to dismiss a Cabinet
officer ; and I will go further than that and say
that there is no reason in the wide world why
you should allow a President to dismiss a Cab-
inet-officer or-a postmaster at pleasure-and not II
allow him to dism-isethe-head of your internal
Revenue Bureau at his pleasure, or not allow
him to dismiss any military or naval officer at
his pleasure, or not 'allow him to dismiss any
judicial officer at his pleasure. If to get an
honest discharge of th© duties of postmaster,
or assessor of internal revenue, or collector of
your foreign duties; if togetan honest service
in either of those departments of -the public
service it be necessary to h«ve the Presideftt
stand with £ drawn sword oyer tlie head of the
officer, thea it is necessary to get. an, Iwwest
military service and an lippegt u&vaj. «efvjce,
that he should stand in th$ §we,attibi,4e; mq'4
then it is necessary that he.shpul4 have |he saitto
power over the head of the Internal Revenue
Bureau, that he Bhoiild have the same p.ower
over the administration of the j.udicia.1 office.
Certainly the Senator from Indiana will pot
contend, certainly no one here will,contend
that it is not just as important to have jin honest
judge on the bench as it is to have a« honest
Postmaster General; just^simportant to have
a capable man in one position as in the other
and if it be conceded that you cannot get an
honest or capable Postmaster General without
having the arbitrary power in the handsof the
President to dismiss him at his pleasure, then
I do not see how you can expect honest service
in either of these other branches without the
same power in the President's hands.
Mr. STEWART. The mornug hour has
expired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 402) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States is before
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Nevada if he is willing to lay that aside to con-
tinue the bill which has been under considera-
tion ?
Mr.' STEWART. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
joint resolution the Senator from Kentucky
[Mi-. Dayis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator from
Kentucky proceeds I wish to give notice that
1 hope this evening to get a vote on the con-
stitutional amendment, and I trust the Senate
will stand by me in the effort to secure a vote.
Last evening we were unable to proceed for aa
hour and a half nearly for want of a quorum,
and it is manifest that we shall.uot reach a vote
unless we stay here for that purpose.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator intend to
take a recess to-day or to go right on?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think we had "better sit
until five or six o'clock, and not have a recess.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose the Senator
from Nevada is not awaire that this is1 Satur-
day. . " , ;
Several Senators. It is Saturday.
Mr. STEWART. I am aware that it is Sat-
urday, and I am also aware that yesterday was
Friday, and that last night was Friday night.
Mr. ANTHONY. Aud I suppose by the
same rule to-morrow will be Sunday. .Does
the Senator expect to sit on Sunday?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The-Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor on
the joint resolution before the. Senate..
Mr. THAYER. With the permission of the
Senator from Kentucky, I desire to say that
I hope the honorable Senator from Vermont
will press the bill which has just been under
consideration every day until it snail be passed
by the Senate. I want to see the bill, as it
passed the House of Representatives, pass the
Senate in that shape.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
the Senator from Kentucky, I wish to ask my
friend from Nebraska to assist in getting it up
every day.
Mr. THAYER. I will.
MESSAGE JPKOM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 706)
to give an additional term of the United-'?"
