I860.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
this district cast only 93 votes for the Republi-
can candidate, while but six months before the
same ticket received some 5,000 votes in the
same portions ot the city.
Mr. WHITTEMOIIE. I would inquire if
the 28.000 votes which it is claimed were reg-
istered in this district, but not cast for some
reason or other in this election. were not cast
in the April eleeiion for Mr. Nlwsiiam, who
now represents here the third district of
Louisiana?
Mr. UPSON". They were; that is all of
them except those embraced in the parish of
Orleans.
Mr. HOSS. What was the vote in the new
district?
Mr. UPSON. It was about 11,600 in the
parish of Orleans. The whole of the new dis-
trict gave the aggregate vote of about 27,000.
Over 11,000 votes in the parish of Orleans were
cast for the Democratic candidate and only
93 for the Republican candidate. This is weil
explained by the statement of the Governor to
one of the Senators from that State, which
statement was laid on our desks during the
early part of this session, and also by the com-
munication from General Buchanan and that
from the Governor, which are appended to this
report. I do not desire to consume time by
referring to these documents in detail. With
the statement which f have already made 1
leave the question tn fhe decision of the House.
Mr. Iverh obtained the floor, and yielded ten
minutes to. Mr. Cakt.
Mr. CARY. Mr. Speaker, my own convic-
tions aie clear that Mr. Hunt is entitled to the
seat made vacant by the death of. Mr. Mann.
I can scarcely hope in the few moments al-
lowed me for the presentation of the facts to
bring the minds of members to the same opin-
ion which governs my own mind. It appears
that in November last an election was held in
the second district of Louisiana, the candi-
dates being Mr. Menard and Mr. Hunt, to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the death of Mr.
Mann. After Mr. Mann had been elected and
about the time of his death the boundaries of
the district were changed. Mr. Menard comes
here with a certificate of election. At the same
time a certificate is presented from the Gover-
nor and secretary of State that some 15,000
votes were brown out for informality. The
records show—and this, as I understand, is the
unanimous opinion of the committee—that
these votes were improperly thrown out. I
think there can be no question upon that point.
They were votes returned according to law by j
the only persons authorized to return them.
So that according to the prima facie case it is
clear beyond question that Mr. Menard has no
right to the seat, whether the new or the old
district is the one in which the election should
properly have been held. Hence I think the
claims of Mr. Menard must be dismissed from
this case entirely. !
The question then presents itself, is Mr. j
Hunt entitled to the seat? If the votes of the 1
old district only should be counted, Mr. Hunt ;
is elected by over 10,000 majority in Mr. Mann's j
old district? If the votes of the new districtonly !
are to lie considered, Mr. Hunt is elected by
9,600 majority. !
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman tell me !
how he ascertains what were the votes in the j
old district? He does not find them in the I
evidence taken befoie the committee. |
Mr. CAliY. There can be no question in
regard to that point when we look at fhe votes
for Mr. Mann in the former election. |
Now, sir, in any event it appears to mo Mr. |
Hunt must be declared entitled to this seat, j
unless, as the committee attempt to <kow, j
there was such intimidation and threats that
voters were prevented from coming to the polls, i
J^ut suppose it to be true that persons were kept
away from the polls by intimidation. Numer-
ous cases have been reported to this House in
which it has been held that that is not a suffi-
cient ground of contest. In one ease from Ten-
nessee, the gentleman fiom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee
ij of Elections, presented the report, stating that
| voters had been intimidated by rebel bayonets,
and thus kept away from the polls, but that this
11 was not a sufficient ground for the rejection of
the person presenting the certificate of election.
Bui, sir, where is the evidence of intimida-
I tion in this case? That ia the evidence, that
persons were kept away from the polls. There
is not a particle of evidence going to show that
i there was a more quiet and peaceable election
: in any district of the United States than tiaus-
pired in the second congressional district of
i Louisiana on the 3d day of November. There
: is not an affidavit on fife. There are bold state-
;; merits in some newspaper reports that persons
! were kept away from the polls. There can be
j! no doubtthat the friends of Mr. Menard under-
stood from the number of votes registered that
! they were defeated. They then tried to get the
I Republicans from voting at all, in order tbat
| they might build on that fact some sort of rep-
resentation that they could not go to the polls
! to vote.
| Mr. Speaker, I have here a little paper which
! I wish to read. It was circulated in all the
: negro churches in the district and in every
1 colored school. It was prepared beforehand
in New Orleans, and it was circulated with the
| ostensible view of having it charged upon the !
| Democratic party. The type is that of the i
\ Republican paper in New Orleans. It was got ]
: up for the purpose of having it appear that the
: Democrats had attempted to keep away the
! Republican voters from the polls. The paper
' to which I refer is as follows :
I A. White Man's Government or no Government!—The
: hand of the oppressor bears heavily upon u>! Letthe
i Caucasian arise in his strength 1 Too long have we
j lain supine! Assert at once and in unmistakable
accents your supremacy! This is a Government of
1 white men, for white men, and by white men. Let
white men vote solidly for their rights and allow
nothing to prevent the triumph of tbeir principles! :
i We have the means, and let us use them effectively! ;
i It is full time that our strength was felt! None but :
, the blue-blooded should votel See to it, you whose I
1 very existence is at stake, that none others do. In '
order to carry out the designs of the party the council |
orders that the independent clubs station a company :
at und about cach polling place tor the accomplish- i
ment of our purpose. Officers in charge will hold j
themselves in readiness at all times during the day i
and evening to act promptly upon all orders from the ,
council. ,
By order of the COUNCIL OF SEVEN. |
Now, sir, in addition to that the speakers
and leaders of the Republican party, as well as ■
the Republican newspapers circulated in the !
district, advised the Republicans not to go to .
the polls and vote. Why did they not go to
the polls and vote? Was there any threat of i
disorder? Was there any violence ? |
Mr. HARDING. Will the gentleman let .
me ask him a question? !
Mr. CAUY. I cannot yield to the gentle- j
man, as 1 have not the time.
Why did they not go to the polls and vote?
It was certainly not on account of any intimi- i
dation. The ninety-three voters who voted
for Mr. Menard did go to the polls, and they j
were not disturbed. There was no disorder 1
at any poll in the district. They stayed away '
from the polls because the leaders of the .
Republican party advised them to stay away. "
As I have said ninety-three did vote for Mr. :|
Menard; but the whole vote of the county was [j
thrown out, and the certificate of election was 1
given to Mi. Menaid. Accompanying that cer- '
tificate. however, is a certified statement from j
the Governor and secretary of State showing !
that the votes thrown out were illegally thrown 1
out and that Mr. Hunt was legally elected. !;
It is perhaps unfortunate that the committee I
had before them at the same time the case of ;
Jones against Mann and the case of Menard !:
against Hunt, and gentlemen perhaps have had ;
them mixed up in their minds. I now propose
to refer for a moment or two to a passage in the
report of the committee. It is as follows :
"Both candidates for the vacancy claiming to hare ■
been elected and eutUled to the seat, neither has ,
sought or desired to prove the election itsell invalid
or to urge any such objection to it, but on the con- i
Uai> it to nectary foi each to insist upon its validity ij
in support ot his claim to the vacant seat.
"This may in some degree accouut for the very Ij
slight showing thai has been made by cither pai on '■
the hearing of facts i« relation to this election. There
are some fact3 which appear in the evidence bearing
upon this November election in the State of Louisi-
ana to which your committee would now call atten-
tion. When Mr. Mann was elected theseeond district,
as then constituted by the act of April 4, 1865, was
wholly within the parish of Orleans, though noteom-
prising the whole of said parish, and his aggregate
vote was in April, 1868, 6 874, and the vote tor Mr.
•Tones as rerurned was 5,634, besides 349 scattering
votes given for otherRepubliean candidates, making
the aggregate vote opposed to Mr. Mann 5,983. At
the If* fe election in November, only a little over sis
ni')h,.is after, when under the act of August 22, 1868,
other parishes were included in this district and a
portion of the parish of Orleans, this portion of the
parhh of Orleans now in the district returns 11,535
votes for Mr. Hunt for both the Fortieth and Forty-
First Congress, and but 93 votes for Mr. Menard for
the Fortieth Congress, and 125 for Mr. Sheldon for
the Forty-J.'irst Congress. Thesmallness and won-
derful deciea-:e of the Republican vote, the vastness
and wonderlul increase of the Democratic vote and
; itsexactcoincidencefor both Congresses areallsome-
j what strange and not easily susceptible ofsatisfactory
; explanation on the theory of a fair and honest elec-
: tion."
! The majority of the committee here admit
\ there was but a slight showing made before the
| committee in relation to the election itself. It
; does not, however, appear in the evidence
before the committee in this case of Hunt vs.
Menard that anything was shown respecting
the election beyond showing that it was duly
held according to law, and therefore, in the
absence of any objection to it, it is prima
; facie a valid election.
i But as there were before the committee two
! contested cases for the same seat, arising out of
j two elections held at different times, the major-
\ ity of the committee have, by comparison of
votes cast at said elections at different times,
attempted to get up some showing to the preju-
dice of the election contested between Hunt
and Menard. An argument might be effectively
sustained against the right of a committee, sit-
ting for the hearing and adjudication of con-
flicting claims of contestants, to consider or act
upon any question not in controversy between
the parties nor presented to the notice of the
committee by them; but it is hardly necessary
to argue that point when by a few figures the
immense deductions of the majority of the
committee will dwindle down to common and
ordinary results. The majority of the com-
mittee say that at the election of April, 1868,
in the then second congressional district, the
Democratic candidate, Mr. Mann, received
G,874 votes, and the Republican candidate re-
ceived 5,983 ; and at the election here in ques-
tion, held No\ember 3, 1868, the Democratic
candidate, Mr. Hunt, received 11,535, and the
Republican candidate, Mr. Menard, received
only 93 votes; and that the smallness and won-
derful decrease of the Republican vote and
the vastness and wonderful increase of the
Democratic vote are somewhat strange and
nut easily susceptible of satisfactory explana-
tion on the theory of a fair and honestelection.
If the majority of the committee had stated the
premises right they would have had less reason
for their wonderful surprise.
The district which gives Mr. Hunt the vote
of ll,oo5 contains the eleventh ward in addi-
tion to the district which gave Mr. Mann his
6,874 votes. If the vote of that ward be taken
off Mr. Hunt received a little over 9,000 votes
against Mr. Mann's 0,874—a very small increase
considering the different state of things at the
two elections. At the election in April for the
adoption of the constitution and the reorgan-
izing of the State under the reconstruction
laws it was well understood at the time that
the Democratic party took but little interest in
the election, and the vote cast at that election
did not by any means show its strength ; but at
the election in November following, after the
question of reconstruction became a foregone
conclusion, the Democratic party, thoroughly
organized and competing for the^ negro vote,
very naturally and legitimately increased its
vote. On the other hand the Republican party,
with a full swing of opportunity and circum-
stances, not only wentintothe election in April
with its entire white, but also virtually the
entire negro vote.
Rut the vote cast in Mr. Mann's district in
