THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27*
April, excepting the one precinct of the fourth
ward, was larger than the vote cast in the same
district at the November election, it being at
the former election 12,522 anfl at the latter
10,041. The vote cast at the April election
was seventy-eight per cent.- of the registry,
while the vote cast at the November election
was but fifty-seven per cent, of the registry.
These variations of the two elections are not
the result of any fraud on the part of the Dem-
ocratic party, as the majority of the committee
intimate, but arise solely from the conduct of
the Republican party, which at theNovember
election, for reasons well understood, resolved
to stay away from the polls and thus escape a
direct defeat on the merits, to which the lead-
ers foresaw the party was destined when they
knew the result of the registry. Of course the
opportunity which this stay-away policy af-
forded also to allege as the reason therefor
that Republicans were threatened with violence
and intimidated was availed of by the leaders
to a degree not very creditable to their honor.
I hold in my hand and read a circular concocted
by the Republican managers and printed in the
Republican newspaper office and sent to the
houses of the negroes and read in their churches
with the double purpose of frightening them
into staying away from the polls and inducing
the world to believe that such a necessity was
forced upon them by the Democratic party,
upon whom the circular was dishonestly
charged.
Besides this circular, the Republican leaders
publicly advised the Republicans not to go to
the polls, which advice seems to have been
generally followed, and then after the election
we hear the untruthful reason for the small
vote cast for their candidate that they were in-
timidated. Of course a voter has a right to
stay away from the polls for any reason he
pleases, truthful or untruthful, but the majority
of the committee have no right to propose the
invalidation of an election because voters did
not choose to attend.
But farther on the subject of intimidation,
the majority of the committee should first have
ascertained whether all the votes that might
have been cast under theregistry, but were not
cast, would have been given for Mr. Menard,
and second, if so cast for him whether he would
thereby have received a majority in the district.
These very essential questions appear not to
have occured to the majority of the committee,
or else were not considered because the answers
would not prove satisfactory.
It is demonstrated by the figures of the elec-
tion that if every registered elector in Mr.
Mann's old district, namely, the first, second,
third, and one precinct, of the fourth and tenth
wards, who did not go to the polls and vote by
reason of actual or imaginary intimidation and
violence had gone to the polls and voted, as
he could have done, for Mr. Menard, the ma-
jority in the district would still have been
laigely in favor of Mr. Hunt. In the face of
such a result where is the justice or propriety
of invalidating an election which would have
had the same result whether influenced by
intimidation or not?
But further, with what consistency can the
House be expected to coincide with the propo-
sition of the majority of the committee to hold
the election of November 3 to have been no
valid election, afterthe expression of the House
by a vote of more than two to one to the con-
trary of such proposition. The election for
electors of President, Vice President, and for
Representatives in the Forty-First Congress,
and for the filling of Mann's vacancy, was held
under the same call, conducted under the same
laws by the same officers, and the names of
all the candidates combined upon one ticket;
and yet, although the House has so pointedly
and fully rejected the proposition of no valid
election in the case of presidential electors,
the majority of the Committee of Elections now
propose that the House shall stultify itself by
accepting and indorsing the proposition of no
valid election in the case of another part of the
same ticket.
But finally, it has been heretofore decided
by Committees of Election and indorsed by
the House that inquiring into questions of
intimidation and other reasons for loss of votes
at an election constitutes no proper or legiti-
mate duty of the Committee of Elections in
cases of contested elections. (See case No.
54, vol. 1, Contested Elections. Biddle & Rich-
ards vs. Wing.) And again, it has been held
judicially, and also by the Committee of Elec-
tions, that violence of riot orjotherwise, though
intimidation of voters be thereby effected and
they induced to forego voting, does not con-
stitute ground for invalidating an election.
(See Baltimore cases.)
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, in this case my
own convictions as to the duty of the House
are very clear, and I am glad to be able to say
that they have been arrived at without any
reference to "distinctions of race or color."
[Laughter.] It is assumed by the majority of
the committee as one of the grounds upon
which they have arrived at their conclusions
that there existed in this election district in
Louisiana such a condition of public confusion,
disorder, intimidation, lawlessness, and crime
as that this House is called upon to take judi-
cial notice of the existence of these facts with-
out their being placed in this record in any
legal way by any of the parties to this contest.
Now, I submit with great confidence that if
honorable gentlemen will look into the evidence
here, and will inquire even as to that public
rumor about disorder, they will not consider
this position tenable in any respect. It is a
most dangerous position to assume in connec-
tion with any case of this kind.
A legislative body sitting in a judicial capa-
city—and we are now sitting in that capacity—•
should never assume facts to exist unless those
facts come to the knowledge of that judicial
body in some record form, in some lawful way.
When my colleague on the committee who has
charge of this case [Mr. Upson] was disposing
of the case of Jones vj. Mann, he very justly
assumed that these charges of intimidation and
fraud ought never to be lightly entertained—
never upon mere assumption, mere newspaper
allegations, or letters of correspondents, or
anything of the kind, but that they should be
placed ill the records of the case in the form
of legal testimony. But when my friend
comes to dispose of this branch of the case he
entirely forgets his own law and the precedents
of this House. The precedents of this House,
even in cases which have arisen in the course
of our late unfortunate war, wholly fail to jus-
tify the position assumed by my colleague who
manages this case. Those precedents, on the
contrary, show that it has been the uniform
practice of the House, where there have been
allegations of general disturbances, to require
proof of those allegations to be regularly
incorporated into the record made up m the
case by the parties.
That was done in the case from Tennessee ;
that was done in the ease from Virginia ; and
in every instance the House has always re-
quired that proof of those things, if they do
exist, shail be put on record. Why should
not that be done? Are not such facts as sus-
ceptible of legal proof by witnesses or by
record as any other facts that may tend to de-
termine what shall be done in a case like this?
There is nothing in the circumstances of this-
wise, there is nothing in the conduct of the
community that composes this second district of
Louisiana, there is nothinginthe history of the
times, there is nothing anywhere to show orthat
tends to show that any one of these parties could
not by legal testimony have put upon the record
here such facts as would precisely indicate the
degree of intimidation or violence or lawless-
ness or fear or anything else that tended to
make this anything but an ordinary election.
Nothing of this kind was done. But now we
are called upon to assume that it has all been
done, and upon that assumption and without
any evidence to act. I hope, Mr. Speaker,
that this House will tolerate no such prece-
dent as that, will set no such example as this
for its own future guidance or for the guidance
of parties in future contests.
One of the main positions assumed by the
majority in their report, upon which they hope
to deny the seat in this case to both of these
parties, is that the election was not held within
the proper territorial limits ; that the election
should have been holden in the old second dis-
trict and not in the new one; and that because
it was held in the new and not in the old dis-
trict therefore this House should declare thatno
election was ever held there, and that the seat
is still vacant, and send the whole subject back
to the people of that district. This position
is held mainly on the assumption that if we
allow the new district to elect a member to
this House a part at least of his constituency
may be then represented in this House by two
or more members of Congress. Now, I sub-
mit that in that reasoning there is no strength,
that it is entirely without foundation; and a
few reflections, it appears to me, will make
abundantly clear my position that this election
could have been legally held nowhere but in
the new second district of the State of Louis-
iana. When the State of Louisiana, having
the constitutional power to do so, and being
the only" possessor of that power except the
Congress, undertook to change these congres-
sional districts in the State of Louisiana, and
did make that change by a valid law of the
State, then I submit to every gentleman upon
this floor the old districts in fact and in law
ceased to exist, and none of them exist to-day.
Sir, the same thing was done in my own
State. My own district, since I was elected to
this Congress, by a competent and eonstitu-
tinal law of the State of Indiana, has been
changed, most materially changed in its terri-
torial limits. But does it follow that I am not
the Representative of the new district here?
Certainly it does not. I represent, not the
eight counties which constituted my old dis-
trict, but I represent to-day the ten counties
which constitute my new district, because now
there is no other second district in my State.
So it is with every gentleman here, the ter-
ritorial limits of whose district have been
changed. It is competent for the Legislature
of a State at any time 10 change the congres-
sional districts, and when they are changed the
preceding law is repealed, the preceding terri-
torial divisions cease to exist, and the men
who were before elected stand then as the
Representatives respectively of the new dis-
tricts, and so it is with the gentlemen from the
State of Louisiana.
But it is said that if we allow this proposi-
tion to be held as good law it follows, then,
that some men in this district might be allowed
to vote more than once for a member of Con-
gress. That is often the case. There is on the
floor of this House to-day a Representative
from the State of Illinois who was elected by
the votes of the constituents of every other
member on this floor from that State. He has
no separate constituency of his own. And it
would be competent for all the States of this
Union, if Congress had not assumed jurisdic-
tion over the subject to that extent, to declare
that each one of their Representatives in Con-
gress should be elected by the voters of the
entire State, and not simply by the voters of a
single district. It is also true that if this law
had never been changed, and the vacancy left
by the death of Colonel Mann had been left to
be filled by the voters of his old district, even
then all of those legal electors in the State of
Louisiana who, after his election and before his
death, or before the election to fill his vacancy,
had removed into that district, having there-
tofo® voted in other districts, would still be
exercising the second time their right to vote
for members of Congress. I submit, therefore,
that this election could not have been legally
held anywhere except in the second district as
constituted under the new law. That new law
by its very terms expressly repeals the preex-
isting law. The election, therefore, eould have
been legally held under no other law than the
new law. Such was the decision of this House
