WMi COJ^RESSIOmi,
circuit court/for the eastern district,of Ark-
ansas. ... - .1 • ,
. The message-also agnoijneed that the House1
had passed the< following bills; m which it
requested (he concurrance of the Senate:
-A bill (H. R. No,. 1638) for the relief of
William jP.. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa-
cavalry volunteers; and .
A bill (H,.-Rv No. 1878) for the relief of,
George ,W.rSh®et.,; ,
-ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED; •' * '
"The tn'eftrfg'ealso announced that the Speaker"
of the Hb'^sfe had 'sigfled'the fallowing enrolled
bills;' and they Were thereupon signed bjr the'
President,pro tempore o? the-Senate:'' •
A bill (H.R. No. 1343)'to bonfirm the title
of certain lands to the Pueblo of Santo Ana,
in tire Territory of New Mexico;
A bill.(H: R. No. 1809) making apiVropria-
tiofis for the payment of salaries arid'eontin-'
gent expenses of the Patent Office for January
and February, 18139; '
_A bill (H. R. No*. 1881) to establish ,a cer-
tain post road in the Sta.te of Connecticut; and
_A bill (H. R. No. 1856).to establish a cer-
tain post road in Connecticut.
■ HOUSE BILLS'BliBJSKRED.
• The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were severally read twioei
by their titles,'and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs: -;
A, bill (H. R. No. 1838) for the relief of
William F. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa
cavalry volunteers; and
■ A bill (II. R. No. 1878) fo.r the relief of
George W. Short.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
is bel'ore the Senate as in Committee of the
Whol% and the Senator irom Kentucky is
entitled to the floor.
Mr." D A.V1S^ Mr. President, I feel toomuoh
ind.isposed to discuss the subject under consid-
eration,and I therefore decline to make any
speech up6n it.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. Mr. President, I do not
intend to take up much time 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator from
Wisconsin proceeds I ask him to give way to
allow a motion to be made to rescind the order
for an evening "session to-night. Let us con-
tinue on as long as we think proper this after-
noon and have no night session.
Mr. DpOLITlXB. I have no objection to
testing the sense of the Senate 011 that ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I m<5ve that the order
of the Senate for an evening session this even-
ing be rescinded.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to
rescinding that order, but 1 shall insist on con-
tinuing in session until the resolution is dis-
posed of.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To-night?
Mr. STEWART. To-niglit. I want a vote
to-night.
• The PRESIDENT protempore. The motion
to rescind the order can only be entertained by
unanimous consent. Is there'any objection ?
Mr. STEWART. I certainly do object if
there is not a general understanding that we
shall sit on until we take the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be received.
The joint resolution is before the Senate, and
the Senator from Wisconsin is entitled to the
floor..
Mr/SUMNER. I beg to suggest to my friend
from Nevada that the Senate will be driven to
adjourn at ail early hour, before four o'clock,
because I think the Senate is not disposed to
ijo home at four o'clock and come back 011
Saturday tirght.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is not in order. The joint resolutiou is
befoie the oena,te> and the Senator fpom Wipe*
consin is entitled to the floor.
February %
Mr. DOOLITTLE addressed rthe ;Senator:
[See Appendix.] . .V. .
The PRESIDENTtempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from"
Oregon, [Mr. .Williams.]
Mr. (SUMNER. What has become of the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut*
[Mr. Dixon?]
Mr.. BAYARD. I desire to make some
remarks before this question is disposed of. -
. Mr. HENDRICKS. The.Senator.from Dela-
ware told; jnp a few moments ago that he was
not well to-day. -,fie is anxiousthathe.should
not speak until Mofluay. I'understand there,is.
no desire to press a vote, to-dayif we can come
to a- vote on Monday .afternoon about four-
o'clock. That would give* the Senator from
Delaware an opportunitjr.to speakon Monday.
■ Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate. [See
Appendix.] . .
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cole
in the chair.) The .pending question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Williams,] to insert the word " natural-born"
before the word "citizens" in the amendment
of the Senator from. Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
- Mr. WILLIAMS. Since I offered that
amendment several Senators and others have
inquired of me the meaning of the word " natu-
ral-bora j" and to explain what I mean, I will
simply say that I h^ve employed the language
of the Constitution. The fourth clause of the
first section of article three -provides that—
."No person except a natural-bom citizen* or a
citizen of the United States at tho time of the adop-
tion of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the office
of President."
_ What "natural-born" meansin the Constitu-
tion of tli'e United States it means in this
amendment which I propose. I will say that
this amendment which I have offered seems to
have been misunderstood, and perhaps on that
account I ought to withdraw it, although if it
should_ be made a part of the report of the
Committee 011 the Judiciary it would accom-
plish all that is desirable in respect to the
Asiatic races that are pouring into this country.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon that he withdraw the amendment
and let such a provision be made in the natu-
ralization laws as will exclude persons who are
incapable of being citizens. There is no pro-
priety in naturalizing any person of such a
character that it is manifest to everybody he
cannot under any circumstances perform the
duty of a citizen. I think that ought to be
done in th6 naturalization laws, arid not in the
Constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will briefly explain the
amendment and its effect.
Mr. FESSENDBN. Read it first.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The amendment of the
committee reads:
Tho right of citizens of the United States to vote
?n<! liold office shall not bo denied or abridged by the
United States or by any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
I propose to insert before the word " citi-
zeu" theword "natural-born;" so.thatitwill
read:
Tho right of nntural-born citizens of tho United
States to vote and hold offico shall not be denied or
abridged by tho United States or by any State on
account ot raeo, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude.
If that amendment is adopted it will not be
competent tor Congress or for any State to
discriminate against any person born in the
United States on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude ; but the States
may discriminate as against foreign-born per-
sons. Adopt this amendment of mine and
the States of California and Oregon would be
able to provide that any persons born in
China or Japan should not exercise political
power in those States, but California or Ore-
gon could not provide that any person born.in
the United States, no matter what his color
might be, should be deprived. of the elective
franchise or the right to hold office; so that
the effect of- this amendment would be that it
would leave it with the-States to declare that
persons born in Asia or in Africa should not
exercisa,political power within the several
States ? -
Mr.' FESSENDEiT. , Without'the consent
of the States? ,
, ,Mr. WILLIAMS. Without the,consent jo'fj
the States. So far a's Africans are concerned, it'
would be practically inoperative, because there,
are no Africans immigrating to, the United'
States, aqd there is no probability that,g.n'y
Considerable number ever will immigrate; but
il alloys he States on the "Pacific, coast 'to
proyj(J.e.t}iat]p'ersons who immigrate "into 'those'
Slates,.'ftom, Asia;shall not,yote or hav'e'tbe
right to now offipe. "" ' .
;>r. :fESSISNI>EN. , Might, it not affect
Europeans under the naturalization laws ?
Mx. , WILLIAMS. ...Certainly it pould not
affect Europeans. Nd distinction can be made
against an Englishman or a German on account
of race, or color by the people „of'. the United
States. "No constitutionalameijdmeritrc.ould be
adopted in a State declaring that a,German
should be excluded from, the elective-franchise
or.the right to hold office on accpunt of race,
for they belong to, the same race that we do,',
Mr.,TRUMBULL. Will it not be competent
under your amendment, jfitisadopted, forthe
State of. New York or any other State to pro-
vide that a person born out of the United States
shall neither ho,ld office nor vote? ' '
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly not; because
this only allows a State to discriminate against
foreigners on account of race or color. No
other discrimination can be made against for-
eigners. New-York might say that an African,
Dn account of his race, sliould not vote or hold
office in that S.tate. California might say that
a Chinaman should not exercise the elective
potyer or hold office .in that'St,ate. But.under
this amendment New York could not say that
an. Irishman or a German or any Europeaii
should not exercise the elective franchise or
hold office within that State. It is very singular
that this cannot be understood :
Tho right of citizens of the United States to voto
and hold offioc t-hall not bo denied or abridged by
the United States or by any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition.
This is intended to prevent discriminations
on account of race or color, and nothing'else.
No other power is restricted by this constitu-
tional amendment except the power to dis-
criminate* against persons on account of race
or color. I propose to leave it. with the States
to discriminate against foreigners pn account
of race or color, so that it may be enacted by
the State of New York thatAfricans i'mmigA*
ting into the United States shall not hold'onice
in that State; thus discriminating against for-
eign-born persons of the African race on
account of their color.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
whether there is any such received division and
enumeration of races that questions could not
be raised with reference to that? I think tiat
the writers on the subject vary all the way from
sixteen down to five as to the number of race's
intowhich the human family is divided. Now,
which division will you .take? How many
races are there ? What are their distinctions?
How are they to be established?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, sir, if we propose
to incorporate into the Constitution a provision
that recognizes the distinction of race or color,
as is proposed here, I suppose it will be no
more difficult with my amendment to make
that recognition than to make it without my
amendment. Certainly, it is well understood
what we mean -when we say that persons in this
country are excluded from the elective fran-
chise on account of race or color. It is as-
sumed by this .constitutional amendment that
tli.e States have the power to exclude pe,rsoji.s
iiom the elective franchise on account of race
or color. Does any State exclude a German
on account of his race or an Irishman or an
Englishman ? '
Mr. FESSENDEN. But might not a State
aiterwara t That is for the State to determine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are the Turk and the
German of the same raofe ?
