1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
in the old case of Perkinses. Morrison, (2 Con-
tested-Election Cases, p. 145,) from New Hamp
shire, in the Thirty-First Congress, and there
has been no contrary precedent in our history.
And there was not needed any previous dec-
laration by this House that there existed a
vacancy in that district. The people of that
district and the Governor of the State of
Louisiana were required in that case to take
notice that their previous Representative had
died. An election in the new congressional
district was called under the forms of law, and
the election was held according to law. And
at that election Caleb S. Hunt received an
overwhelming majority of all the votes cast for
member of Congress to supply that vacancy.
As to the number of votes received by Mr.
Hunt, I shall devote but very little time to the
consideration of that matter, because the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Gary] has already very
fully and yet very forcibly and succinctly re-
ferred to that part of the case, and in my judg-
ment has triumphantly disposed of it against
the report of the majority of the committee.
The palpable and most important fact, then,
remains that without any reference whatever
to the change in the territorial limits of the
old second congressional district Caleb S.
Hunt has received an immense majority of the
votes whether you take into consideration the
old district or the new one. Consider the
matter in any light in which you can consider
it in view of the facts in this case, and he is
elected by a very large majority over the other
candidate.
It is true that even if you go back and take
the original registry, either in the old district
or in the new district, and determine the merits
of this contest on that registration alone, and
assume that every man who was registered did
in fact vote, and that every man who is not
returned as having voted for Caleb S. Hunt did
in fact vote for J. W. Menard even then Caleb
S. Hunt is elected ; because of the whole num-
ber registered he received a clear majority.
On what grounds of justice or of law, then, can
this House say that ho shall not now be permit-
ted to take his seat here? He is elected ; Mr.
Menard is not elected. Mr. Hunt has received
the indorsement of the people of the district.
Admit, if you please, that there were violence
and fraud and intimidation, and give to Mr.
Menard the full benefit of all those assump-
tions, still Mr. Hunt is elected, still he has a
majority of all the votes cast, still the people
of the second district of Louisiana say that
they want him and not Mr. Menard for their
Representative. Consider for a moment the
facts and figures : when Mr. Mann was elected,
the second congressional district was entirely
within the parish of Orleans, and comprised the
whole of the first, second, third, one precinct
of the fourth, and the whole of the tenth wards
of the city of New Orleans. At the election
November 3, to fill the vacancy, the portion of
the second district within the parish of Orleans
comprised the first, second, third, tenth, and
eleventh wards of the city of New Orleans, the
precinct of the fourth ward having been, by
the change of the district, taken from and the
eleventh ward added to the district. The votes
returned from the parish of Orleans at the re-
cent election to till the vacancy were, therefore,
cast by the electors of the original second con-
gressional district, except those cast in the
eleventh ward, which had been added to the
district since the election of Mr. Mann ; and
the whole number of votes so cast and returned
from the parish of Orleans was 11,628—for
Caleb S. Hunt, 11,535; for J. W. Menard, 93.
If from these figures be taken, as should be, the
number cast for each candidate by electors of
the eleventh ward, the result would show ex-
actly the vote of the original second district,
excepting the single precinct of the fourth ward
which did not. vote. It is not known precisely
from any testimony before the committee what
number of votes were cast for the candidates,
respectively, in the eleventh ward; but from
an authentic copy of the registry record the
number of electors registered in the eleventh
ward was 2,785. As the votes cast might have
equaled but could not have exceeded the regis-
try it may be assumed that the numberof votes
cast in the eleventh ward was 2,785; and if
thatnumberbe deducted wholly fromthell,53d
shown to have been cast for Mr. Hunt, he will
then have received from the electors of Mann's
original district 8,748, and a majority of 8,655
over Mr. Menard. In the single precinct of
the fourth ward, originally belonging to Mann's
district, no vote to fill the vacancy was taken,
in consequence of the precinct having been
taken from the second district; but if a vote
had been taken in that precinct the general
result would have been affected but little either
way, because, as shown by the late election, j
the entire vote of that precinct did not exceed i
600; and if it be all taken from the vote j
| given to Mr. Hunt it only slightly reduces his
majority.
it has been shown the law of Louisiana re-
quired that the returns of the votes cast at the
election in question in each parish should be
made by the supervisors of registration of the
parish to the secretary of State.
It has been shown, by admission of the board
of State canvassers, that the returns of the
votes cast in that part of the parish of Orleans
comprised within the second congressional dis-
trict were made by the supervisors of registra-
tion thereof, appointed under an act, No. 92,
approved September 19, 1868, providing for
additional supervisors of registration, whose
duty and authority that board of State canvass-
ers consider limited to registration, and ex-
tended to making returns of election.
It has been shown that by a subsequent act,
No. 164, approved October 19, 1868, it is ex-
pressly made the duty of the supervisors of
registration to make returns of election.
It has been shown that the votes so returned
by the supervisors of registration in the parish
of Orleans, as cast at that election to fill that
vacancy, were for Caleb S. Hunt 11,535, and
for J. W. Menard 93.
Therefore, from what has thus been shown,
in my judgment the returns made of the votes
cast in the parish of Orleans are in law and
fact competent returns, and were impropeily
rejected from computation by the State can-
vassers, and that the votes should be computed
with the votes of the three parishes, namely,
Lafourche, St. Charles, and St. James, which
were computed as I have stated.
If that be done, then the aggregate number
of votes returned and computed from those
parishes, namely, Lafourche, St. Charles. St.
.James, and Orleans, will be for Caleb S. Hunt
14,368, and for J. W. Menard 5,201—a ma- !
jority for Hnnt of 9,167 votes. !
In view of such result I deem it unnecessary
to consider the objections made by the State >
canvassers in respect to the returns from the i
three remaining parishes, namely, Jefferson, ■
St. John the Baptist, and Terrebonne; for if I
the votes from those parishes be computed the j
final result from the whole district would be i
but very slightly changed, and a large majority !
I would still remain in favor of Mr. Hunt. j
j But it has been suggested by Mr. Menard i
himself, not I believe by my colleague on the j
| committee, that he should be allowed to take ;
; his seat at least primarily until further inves- i
I tigation, because Mr. Hunt never served upon j
i him a legal, proper, formal notice of contest. ;
! I will therefore beg the attention of gentlemen j
l to that subject for a minute or two. In the out- j
set, I concede for the purposes of the argu- !
ment that no such notice was served in this i
case by Mr. Hunt upon Mr. Menard. But !
what was done, and done with all the publicity j
and notoriety and formality that cau accom- j
panv such an act, is upon the record and is i
exhibited in the reports of the majority and I
minority of the committee. It consists in the j
presentation to this House of the certificate of
the Governor of Louisiana setting forth all the
facts connected with that election, making a
specific return of all voles cast, which certifi-
cate, together with the facts and returns,
shows that the certificate issued by the-Gov-
ernor to Mr. Menard was unlawfully issued;
that it ought never to have been issued ; that
it was issued upon illegal and false assump-
tions ; that it was issued without authority of
law ; that it was issued in violation of the ex-
press and conceded will of the people of that
district, and to accomplish a partisan end to
keep out of this Hall Mr. Hunt, whom the
people desired to represent them here.
Now, let gentlemen look at these returns.
Let them look at Mr. Menard's certificate, and
then at Mr. Hunt's certificate, which is full and
complete, setting forth all the facts material to
a fair and just judgment on the part of the
House in this ease. Let it also be remembered,
Mr. Speaker, that we need in this case no facts
that are not placed upon our record to enable
us to decide this question upon its merits, its
btoad, clear, unquestionable merits. We do
not need any outside testimony; we do not
need to listen to the statements of witnesses;
we do not need to look into the records which
are deposited in the offices in the parish of
Orleans; we do not need to examine the vote
in any other parishes. All those things may
be dismissed from consideration, because in
this certificate of the Governor of Louisiana
are set forth all the material facts which it is
necessary for us to understand in order to de-
cide this case properly and legally.
It also appears when we compare this second
certificate given to Mr. Hunt by the Governor
with the law of Louisiana, of which we may
take judicial notice ; of which we must, and in
such cases always do, take judicial notice, we
find that the votes which were rejected in the
parish of Orleans by the board of canvassers
were unlawfully rejected. The majority of the
committee so find; the minority so find. It is
conceded on all hands that the rejection of the
votes in the parish of Orleans was irregular
•and unlawful, and ought never to have been
made. Nov/, give Mr. Hunt the benefit of
those rejected votes so far as they were cast
for him ; give Mr. Menard the benefit of them
so far as they were cast for him, and still Mr.
Hunt is triumphantly elected.
But I submit further that every precinct that
was rejected by the board of canvassers was re-
jected without authority of law; contrary to law;
contrary to all the precedents that have gov-
erned cases of this kind in the past history of
Congress. It is au established principle of law
in eases of contested elections, not only in
Congress, but in the States of this Union, that
wherever there has been a neglect on the part
of the returning officers or the canvassing offi-
cers to comply literally with the merely direct-
ory provisions of the statute such neglect shall
not work injury to anybody; that the votes
shall be received and counted ; that the par-
ties shall have .the benefit of them for whom-
soever they are cast. In every case of con-
tested elections the one great question to be
determined, the one point of supreme import-
ance to be ascertained by the House, sitting
as judges, is, who has received the majority
of votes of the legal electors of the district;
whom do the people want to represent them,-
for whom have the majority of voters legally
cast their votes? The fact that some officers
may have made an artificial or somewhat in-
formal return should not affect the substantial
interests of the parties to that election.
In uniform harmony with these views_there
is a long and unbroken course of decisions
both by this House and in all the courts of last
resort in our country.
Since the passage of the act of 1851 regard-
ing contested elections the rulings and decis-
ions of the Committee of Elections, sustained
by the House, in respect to the construction
and application of its provisions and the prac-
tice thereunder, have been most liberal in
regard to the personal rights of contestants
and the constitutional rights of constituencies
and the rights and powers of the House as
involved more or less in every case of con-
