1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
i
Mr. WILLTAM9. I suppose they would
all come within the denomination of the Cau-
casian race if that sort of division is made.
But how does it happen so suddenly that this
difficulty about a distinction as to race or color
looms up here on this particular amendment,
■when the whole constitutional amendment is
founded upon a supposed distinction between
races and colors of persons? I only wished
to explain the amendment, if I could, so as to
have it understood. I am only anxious in all
that I say or do in reference to this amendment
to enable,-if possible, Congress or the States
on the Pacific coast, as they are the States
directly interested, to prevent the thousands
and perhaps millions of Chinese who may flow
in upon'tbat coast from taliing possession of
the political power of that portion of the Repub-
lic. That is all that I desire to do. But as I
before suggested, as I see that this is suscept-
ible of being misunderstood, though it is all
plain to me, I do not care to press the amend-
ment, hoping that I may accomplish the same
result in some other way upon the numerous-
amendments that are offered to.the amendment
of the committee, and therefore I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I now offer the amendment
in the recital, if it is in order, if nothing else
is pending—the amendment which I offered
the other day—to strike out the words " the
Legislatures of' and to insert the words'" con-
ventions in."
Mr; SUMNER. I suggest to my friend, the
Senator from Nevada, who lias this resolution
in charge, that he consent to the rescinding
of the order for a recess ; that we shall go on
without a recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut is in
order, and it will be read.
Mr. DIXON. I am informed by the Clerk
that the vote must be taken upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada first; and
I will therefore wait until that vote is taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question • is upon the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
-Mr. STEWART. Before that is proceeded
with I wish to make a suggestion in regard to
an evening session. I see no necessity for
that, inasmuch as apparently we cannot finish
the resolution to-night unless gentlemen on
the Republican side o.f the Chamber desire to
discuss it further. If they do, it seems to me
we ought either to finish the discussion as far
as they are concerned now, or come here this
evening and do so. If many gentle'men desire
to discuss it—and by that I mean the general
subject, and not the language of the amend-
ments that have been suggested—it will facili-
tate matters very.much if they will make their
speeches this evening. If that can be accom-
plished by reeinditig the order for a recess I
will move to do so, and let the discussion go on.
Mr. CORBET1. I desire- to submit a few
remarks on this measure, and for that purpose
I will ask the Secretary to read the amendment
offered by me, which, I believe, is definite in
its terms
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds, inasmuch as it is the desire of the
majority of the Senate to have this matter con-
cluded on Monday—I believe it is agreed upon
that it shall be finally concluded at that time—
I will move that the order for a recess be re-
scinded ; and I hope that such members on the
Republican side of the Chamber as desire to
discuss this question will conclude their argu-
ments before we adjourn to-day. I move that
the order'of the Senate providing for a recess
be rescinded so far as to-day is concerned,
without affecting the order for a recess on
Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion will be put if there be no objection. It
requires unanimous consent. It is moved that
the order for a recess be rescindedfor this day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
thte amendment which I have submitted.
The PRE SID B NT pro tempore. .The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk -read the amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. Corbett, which
is to add to the first section of the proposed
article:
JBufe Chinamen not born in the United States and
Indians not taxed shall not be deemed or made
citizens.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, this ques-
tion of suffrage is one upon which, I believe,'
I have never before expressed my views in the
Senate. It is a question that has agitated the
people for a great many years, and it now comes
up in such a form that if the amendment pro-
posed be adopted, giving the right to Congress
to control the question, Chinese suffrage will
virtually be adopted upon the Pacific coast by
the authority of the United States ; or at least
after this amendment shall have been adopted
the naturalization laws can be so altered by
Congress as to admit of Ghinese suffrage upon
the Pacific coast.
The principle of giving universal suffrage to
the people-of the States lately in rebellion
without requiring any conditions of property or
of education has been a matter upon which men
have differed greatly. Such conditions were
formerly made by the States of Massachusetts
and New York—conditions-precedent to the
voting of the negro race, they being thought
to be an inferior race at the time they were
held in slavery ; and the right to vote at all was
withheld fromthem in other States. I presume
it was owing to the prejudice which existed to
a great extent in those States during the early
history of our country and while slavery pre-
vailed. In my judgment it was this prejudice
which induced the States to make such restric-
tions. Sir, I saw no way in which' the colored
people of the lately rebellious States could be
protected unless by giving them universal suf-
frage, and for that reason I was in favor of the
laws passed by Congress for reorganizing
those States.
At the time I was elected a member of this
body a constitutional amendment known as the
fourteenth article was before the Legislature of
my State. I expressed myself favorably to that
article of amendment, and I believe now that
it is the most wise proposition that could be
adopted and is better than the one pending.
That fourteenth amendment has been adopted
and declared to be a part of the instrument, and
the following is a summary of its provisions:
All persons in the United States and subject
to the jurisdiction of the Government of the
United States are citizens thereof.
All persons naturalized in the United States
are citizens thereof.
No State can make or enforce any law abridg-
ing the privileges or immunities of citizens of
tho United States.
No State can deprive any person of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law.
No State can deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of its laws.
The States severally may regulate the exer-
cise of the voting franchise in their borders;
but if any State disfranchises any class the rep-
resentation of the State doing so is to be reduced
proportionately to the number disfranchised.
Leading traitors shall not vote or hold office
under the United States, but a two-thirds vote
of Congress may remove either of these dis-
abilities.
The United States debt shall never be re-
pudiated.
The rebel debt shall never be paid.
Mr. President, such were the provisions of
the fourteenth article of amendment, and in
my opinion it was wise and proper at the time
of its adoption, and I believe it to be wise and
proper at the present time. I believe it is well
enough as it is ; but the proposition now be-
fore us virtually contradicts some portions of
that constitutional amendment. After it was
adopted the Republicans of the State which I
have the honor in part to represent, in March
last, at;their State convention, resolved:'
"That the w<
State's nelo'n&s
Government, and indorse the- thirteenth and
fourteenth amendments of the Constitution, and tha,
acts of Congress commonly called the reconstruction
acts, as the best plan yet proposed for t-he 'restora-
tion of tho States lately in rebellion to,their former
relations to the Federal Government."
Again: -
"Resnlved, That tinder the Constitution the JFedsral
Government has no right to interfere with the elect-,
ive franchise in any State having rtfpresentastioh'm
Congress arid Where civil government is not orer-
un-own by the rebellion." , I ' 3
' Such were the resolutions' adopted bytb&'-
Republicans of my State before they-held their*
last congressional election and before thepresi*4
dential election. Inthe'natronal convention-at
Chicago, of which I was a member, a resoltH
tionwas adopted on the same subject in Which
I coincided, and I do not feel at liberty to de-<
part from-the doctrine there laid down,'paF«
ticnlarly as the doctrine of my own State -is
substantially to the same effect. The Chicago
convention resolved:
" That the guarantee by Congressof equal suffrage'
to all loyal men at tbe South was demanded by every
consideration of public safety, of gratitude., and q£
justice, and'must be maintained, while'the questioif
ot suffrage in all the loyal States properly belongs to
the people of thoso States."
Sir, in this resolution our national platform
recognized the right of the States to control'
the question of suffrage, and I do not feel dis-
posed to disregard the obligations we there
pledged to the people of Oregon and the Pacific
coast, and violate that platform.
Sir, the giving of the right of suffrage to the
colored people in the southern States, who are'
a different race entirely from the Asiatics wh 
are now flocking to the shores of the Pacific,
was right. The Great Ruler of the.universe7
has blessed our efforts in that direction. He
has crowned this with His approbation. By
reason of justice to those people the overthrow
of slavery, which was sought for by good men
in the early history of our country, has now
been accomplished by the blessing of an over-
ruling Providence.
But now the question arises how far we shall
extend the suffrage and to what classes ofpeoj
pie. With regard to tbe Chinese, they are a
pagan nation. They worship their god "Josh,"
a god made of wood. We have the experience
of the past ages of those nations; who worship
gods of gold, gods of wood, and gods'of stone.
They have nearly all deteriorated and passed
away, and either been obliterated or been
absorbed by great Christian nations. They
have been superseded by those great, enlight*
ened, and powerful nations that recognize the
one and only true God.
It may be prudent for us to consider at this
time whether we shall establish in this country
an Asiatic people who are pagans, who areuot
Christians. With the- experience of the past
few years on the Pacific coast We have found
that this class of people are not beneficial to
the advancement of those Christian institutions
that lie at the foundation of our Government.
The presence of large numbers of them in our
midst is not beneficial to the observance of the
Sabbath day. It is not encouraging to the Sab-
bath-school, which is the nursery of oar chil-
dren, and which is to fit them for enlightened'
and powerful and good statesmen. The ques-
tion now is whether for our own race, whether
for the benefit of our posterity, we shall not
make this exception as against-the Chinese.
This question reaches beyond the common
rights of man under a' Christian nation such
as was founded upon Plymouth Rock. It
reaches the very foundation of our Christian
institutions. Allow Chinese suffrage, and you
may soon find established pagan institutions
in oar midst which may eventually supersede
those Christian influences which have so long
been the pride of our country.
Sir, during the eighteen years I have resided
upon the Pacific coast these nurseries of reli-
gion, Sabbath-schools, common schools, and all
those institutions which conduced to th® purity
of society and the good order of the State
have been objects of solicitude and care, and
I, for one, must object to granting the right of
suffrage to a class of which embrace's a
