1002
THE .CON&BESSIONAL GLOBE
February 27j
testedelection. (See ease of Wright vs. Fuller,
Contested Elections, vol.. 2, p. 164.) The
committee say; , . .
"The intention of the law requiring this, notice to
be given was to prevent a-isy surprise being practiced,
and to pat the sitting member upon a proper de-
fense." " • -
Also, case of Daily vs. Estabrook, (vol. 2,
p. 304,) the committee say:
"All theaet of 1851 coatemplates is fair notice of the
subject-matter of contest within the time specified
by the act itself; as the sitting member has had such
notice, in the opinion of the committee, he has no
ground for complaint."
Also, case of Williamson vs. Sickles, (vol. "2,
p. 290,) the committee say :
" The committee do not consider the law of 1851 as
of absolute binding force upon this House, for by the
Constitution *each House shall be the judge of the
election, returns, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers,' and no previous House and Senate can judge
for them."
Again, same case, page 291:
" But the constituency has a greater interest tban
all others in this question. The rights of the electors
of the third congressional district of New York are
involved in this controversy, and should not be cotn-
promitted by any laches, if any exist, for which they
are not responsible. It is of more consequence that
their voice should have expression here through
their lawfully-elected representative, whoever he
may be, than that this or that man should enjoy the
eiro'umenfcs or honors of the office."
Also, case of Yallandigham vs. Campbell,
(vol. 2, p. 230.) the committee say:
" Neither the committee nor the House is bound
by the usual rules and principles of evidence, but
should proceed upon more liberal principles in the
investigation of truth. They regard a contested
election not as a mere private litigation, but a great
public inquiry, where the real parties are not so
much the returned member and the contestant as
the voters of the district."
Also, case of Chapman vs. Ferguson, (vol.
2, p. 268,) the committee say:
"The question to solve is not what these parties
have done or omitted to do, but what was the
expressed wish of the people of Nebraska as between
these candidates at their late election."
ft is not Mr. Hunt alone, it is not Mr. Hunt
chiefly who is interested in this question. His
interest here, in a personal sense I mean, is
very much narrowed down. Indeed I may
say it amounts to nothing in comparison with
the great right of representation which belongs
to and inheres in the people of this country.
In this instance it belongs to and is the prop-
erty of the people of this second district of
Louisiana. They, and not Mr. Hunt, appear
at the bar of this House and demand at our
hands righteous judgment in favor of the su-
premacy of the majority and the maintenance
of the right in this great matter of representa-
tion. 1 submit, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that
it is a point entirely immaterial to the right
decision of this case whether the notice served
by Mr. Hunt on Mr. Menard was informal or
was not complete. The great fact remains—
and gentlemen ought to remember that the
great and conclusive fact remains—that Mr.
Menard and Mr. Hunt both acted under that
notice, both regarding it as legal and proper.
They appeared before the Committee of Elec-
tions and presented their case and left it with
the committee for their adjudication. Ate we
to be told that on account of a little omission
on the part of Mr. Hunt to give Mr. Menard
a formal notice of contest, which could have
elicited no new testimony or brought forward
no new fact, that the House is to insist upon
deciding this question on immaterial points?
Shall we therefore ignore the manifest jus-
tice of the case, ourselves do a great wron«",
because another has omitted a mere formal
duty, and render a judgment which no testi-
mony in existence or procurable by these par-
ties can justify? I hope not. Such conduct
cannot piomote the public welfare and would
justly subject this House to severe criticism.
I now yield to the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer a substitute
tor the resolutions of the majority of the com-
mittee.
I he Clerk read as follows :
Revolved, That the reported resolutions of tbe
Committee oi Elections upon the contested election
in the second congressional district of Louisiana be
submitted to sa id committee, with directions to tajce
testimony in reference to the validity of the election
m said district," held oh the Sd day of November,
1868, and especially as to any improper or any unlaw -
tul means used to prevent a f ir and fre® election.
• Mr. POLAND. It may be said with truth
that the proposition to have this case recommit-
ted to the copimittee for the purpose of having
an inquiry and testimony taken in relation to
the validity of the election in this case comes
at a very late period of the session ; that we
are so near the close of the session it will be
impracticable for the committee to take testi-
mony on that subject and report their conclu-
sions for this Congress to act on. I admit that
is entirely true, that it cannot be done ; but I
move this resolution for the purpose of dispos-
ing of this case without deciding upon the
questions which the committee have them-
selves endeavored to decide in their report,
and upon which they ask this House to decide
in the resolution they have reported. By the
report and the resolution the committee have
reported they do not propose to give a seat to
anybody, they do not propose to take away a
seat from anybody, but to say there has been
no valid election and no one elected to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the death of Mr. Mann,
who was legally elected to represent the second
district of Louisiana. Therefore the result of
a recommitment of the case will be practically
the same as if we passed the resolution re-
ported by the committee, and at the same time
it will save the House from falling into the
dilemma of making what I consider an unsafe
and unsound precedent if we take the action
which they ask us to take in this case.
If Mr. Menard came here with a certificate
from the Governor in due form I should agree
with the gentleman from Ohio that gave him
a prima jaeie right to a seat. If the House
had said iie was entitled to take his seat on
that certificate until the contest was determined
I should have said they did entirely right, but
it would have been contrary to the precedents
established in this Congress from the first day
down to the present. Almost the very first
thing that happened in this Congress was a
contest in relation to the seat of a Delegate
from Colorado, and this House solemnly de-
cided in that case that the man who had a cer-
tificate from the Governor, (who is the person
entitled by law to give it.) and that certificate
being conceded to be in due form of law, was
not prima facie entitled to a seat.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mr. POLAND. I have only fifteen minutes.
Mr. PAINE. I do not ask moie than half
a minute.
Mr. POLAND. I cannot yield at all. So
that I say in this case we have followed the
precedent that we have established during the
whole of this session of Congress. i
Now. what are the facts in this case as j
reported by the committee? Although Mr. :
Menard came here with the certificate from the
Governor, the committee say that counting all j
the votes in that district that were given, the
other man who claims the seat, Mr. Hunt, was
elected by nearly 10,000 majority. These votes
were rejected by the Governor and secretary
of Stale who counted them upon the ground
that they were not returns by the proper offi-
cers. Both the majority and minority of the
committee agree that the Governor made an
j entire mistake and blunder when he threw out
these votes upon the grounds he did—that they
were not properly returned. The committee,
both the majority and minority, say that the
certificate of election should have been given
( by the Governor to Mr. Hunt; so that he
! should have been here with the prima facie
1 paper in his pocket, and should have been
admitted to take his seat, leaving the other
man to be the contestant. But notwithstand-
ing this the committee say, and ask the House
to say, that neither of these men was entitled
to the seat. vVhy? Upon the ground that
there was no valid election of anybody. In
the first place they say that the district which
voted for these , two men was no district that
haij a rjght,to fill a vacancy. Why? Upon
the ground,that its territorial limits had been
changed since the election pf the origiaal
member, Mr. Mann.
Now, I know of uo other precedent upon this
subject than the one that has been cited from
the State of.New Hampshire, and the decision
in that case was directly the other way. . .The
authority that my friend from Michigan, [Mr.
Upson,] the organ of the committee in this
case, cited from that case was the minority
report. I remember once getting pretty se-
verely rebuked in a court for having cited the
opinion of the, minority as being good law.
In this case the majority of the committee rely
for their authority upon this question upon the
minority of a committee of this House, which
was notsupportedby the decision of the House,
that made the report in the case from New
Hampshire. I agree that in a case like this, where
the limits were very considerably changed,
where a considerable portion of the present
district at the time of the original election
belonged to another, there seems to be some
incongruity.
But suppose there is a single township set
from one district to another, does it prevent
either of these districts from filling a vacancy
if one occurs during the period for which the
man was elected? It seems to me to be en-
tirely clear, as was suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio, that unless the Legislature make
provision by law that the old district shall con-
tinue and that the new districting shall not
take effect until some future day, that the old
district cannot fill the vacancy ; and if a new
district cannot do it, it cannot be filled at all. I
consider it clear that an election to Congress,
whetheran origiual election ortofillavacancy,
must be by an existing congressional district
and cannot be done by a district which has
ceased to exist, and cannot, be participate^ in
by any part of its territory which has ceased
to be a part of it. At any rate, however this
may be, whichever side may have the weight
of argument upon this question, it does not
seem to me wise for this House to retrace its
steps and reverse its former decision upon any
such consideration as we are able to give to
the subject now. And it is for the very pur-
pose of preventing the establishment of what
I deem to be an unsound precedent upon this
subject that I shall ask the House to adopt my
substitute, which will achieve all that the com-
mittee ask practically in this case without
subjecting ourselves to the danger and dilemma
of establishing a very bad precedent on this
subject.
Mr. Speaker, there is another ground upon
which the majority of the committee recom-
mend the adoption of their resolution that
neither of these claimants is entitled to the seat.
They say that if there was a legal district to
make an election to fill this vacancy there was
no legal election held in it. Why? They say
there was such fraud and violence and intim-
idation in the district that there was not a free
and fair election. Now, there are two objec-
tions to that. In the first place, there was no
allegation of that kind before the committee
by anybody. Nobody alleged it and nobody
proved it. Not only was there no allegation
on the subject, but there was no proof on the
subject. The law in relation to contested elec-
tions in Congress puts them upon an analogy
with private suits. The law requires that there
shall be pleadings. It provides carefully how
these pleadings are to be made up to make an
issue, and then it provides carefully how and
in what time proof shall be taken upon the
respective sides to support the affirmative and
negative of that issue. It is just as true in
relation to a contested election as it is to a suit
at law that it is to be determined secundum
allegata et probata.
flete we have no issue of that kind before
the committee or before the House. We have
no proof upon this question before the com-
mittee or before the House. Now, whatisthe
