1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
after all these facts are fully before and con-
sidered by the House.
I care little comparatively about the conse-
quence of this case confined to itself, and I
would not on that account have said a word
upon it. But, gentlemen, I call upon you to
call to mind the consequences of such a prop-
osition as this. In the face of conclusive
evidence, not disputed by anybody, that this
man is not elected, will you still swear him in
to take part in the legislation of the country
during all the time which may be occupied in
this contest? Carry out such a precedent to
its results and I tell you that it may be fatal to
the Government itself.
In all these questions which relate to the
organization of the House of Representatives
and who shall sit here to make our laws, when
we toy or trifle with them we are indeed play-
ing with live thunder. It becomes us here to
be cautious indeed. Let it be understood by
the vote'of the House of Representatives to-
day that one who is shown by documentary
evidence not elecled shall still, in the face of
such evidence, be sworn in and permitted to
take part in making these laws, when confess-
edly by the very letter of the evidence he has
no right here, you have trifled with and stricken
down here in this the very sanctuary of the peo-
ple's power the majesty of that power.
Mr. Speaker, it is not safe to do it, and I
hope it will not be done. One word more, and
1 shall have concluded. I said that this gen-
tleman is not elected. Let me say in conclu-
sion that the evidence including these histor-
ical events, which, as I say, we have a right
to look at, shows that he would have been
elected but for the most infamous wrongs
which were on the day of that election wit-
nessed. He ought to be to-day the chosen
Representative of that constituency in that
district. But, sir, the fact that these outrages
defeated his election does not elect him. That
is the concluding point to which I beg to bring
the remembrance of the House. However
infamous this election, or rather this proceed-
ing that defeated all election may have been,
while it makes a reason which vindicates the
committee in reporting that Mr. Hunt is not
elected, so also it makes a reason why Mr.
Menard is not; while he has been deprived by
murder, assassination, intimidation, and out-
rage of an election that he ought lo have had,
yet that fact does not elect him. So we have
to dispose of the case; so this committee
viewed it, and so we submit it to the far higher
wisdom and far better judgment and sense
of right of the entire House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. ARNELL. I find myself painfully situ-
ated in casting my vote upon this question.
My sympathies are all on''one side, and my
judgment on the other. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabakger] has presented the
law with the utmost clearness. The facts are
beyond doubt, and are these :
First, Mr. Menard was not elected.
Secondly, a free and fair election was not
held in this district on the 3d of November.
Intimidation and murder kept the colored men
from the polls; therefore nothing remains for
the House of Representatives but to set the
whole election aside.
I regret profoundly that on this occasion,
the first in the history of the country where a
colored man has presented himself in this Hall
and claimed a seat, that I cannot vote for his
admission. All my sympathies are with him
and his race. I want to help bury out of sight
and forever that caste and race hatred that to-
day is a stain upon American civilization. Yet,
I cannot violate my sense of justice by declar-
ing that Mr. Menard is entitled to a seat in
this body when the facts show the contrary to
be true.
Thirdly, I cannot recognize as an election
a fraud and an unmitigated outrage whereby
this claimant was defeated of his seat. To do
this would be to fasten calamity upon the col-
ored people of Louisiana whom we wish to aid.
Truth is always higher than expediency. God's
justice is what we want for these people, full
and ample.
And I take this occasion to declare my un-
altered and, I trust, my unalterable devotion
to the cause of liberty as represented by these
ji poor, suffering, persecuted colored people of
|i the South—many of them my constituents and
my friends. When I turn my back or my sym-
pathy upon them, or their cause, may God
mercifully forgive me, for they are "the truest
of the true, unterrified and unshaken in their
love and support of the Government, even in
I the midst of wrong, outrage, and murder.
Mr. KERR. With the permission of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Upsox] I will
now offer the following resolution, which is
appended to the report of the minority :
llmohied. That Caleb S. Hunt is entitled to a seat
in this House as Representative of the second con-
gressional district of Louisiana, in place of James
Mann, deceased.
The SPEAKER. This resolution will be
regarded as pending if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. UPSON. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] for two
minutes, and after that to his colleague [Mr.
Beck] for the same length of time, after which
I will call the previous question.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to make
only a single remark in reference to the prac-
tice of the House in referring cases of this
character to the Committee of Elections. I
think an examination of the precedents for a
period of at least twenty years back will show
that in every case where a claimant has come
to this House with a certificate properly authen-
ticated he has been admitted and sworn in upon
that certificate, unless there has been a specific
charge made against him.
As reference has been made to the cases
from my own State in the present Congress
T desire to read from the proceedings of this
House on the 3d of July, 18.>7. when a ques-
tion was raised as to the admission of a por-
tion of those who presented themselves as the
members-elect from the State of Kentucky.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logax,]
when that question was raised, submitted the
following resolution :
" "Whereas there is good reason to believe that in the
election recently held in the State of Kentucky for
Representatives to the Fortieth Congress the lejral
and loyal voters in the several districts in said State
have been overawed and prevented from a true ex-
pression of their will and choice at the pollsby those
who have sympathized with or actually participated
in the late rebellion, and that such elections were
carried by the votes of such disloyal and leturned
rebels; Therefore,
"Be it resolved. That the credentials of all the mem-
bers elected from the State of Kentucky shall be
referred to the Committee of Elections, to report at
as early a day as practicable, and pending thereport
of said committee none of said members shall be
allowed to take the oath of office and admitted to
seats as such."
Afterward, as the debate progressed, charges
and specifications were filed, as the Globe
shows, against all those claiming seats from
the State of Kentucky except one, and that
was the gentleman from the eighth district,
[Mr. Adams.] The gentleman from Illinois
subsequently modified his resolution so as to
make the pteamble read as follows :
"Whereas there is good reason to believe that in
the election recently held in the State of Kentucky
for Representatives to the Fortieth Congress the
legal and lo\ al v otcrs in the several districts in said
State have been overawed and prevented from.a true
expression of their will and choice at the polls by
those who have sympathized with or actually par-
ticipated in the late rebellion, and that such elec-
tions were carried by the votes of such disloyal and
returned rebels ; and whereas it is alleged that sev-
eral of the Representatives-electfrom thatState are
disloyal."
It was upon that charge of disloyalty alone
that the credentials of those applicants for
seats in this House were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BECK. This is a controversy in which
I take very little interest, considering that the
person holds the certificate generally entitling
to a seat on this floor, pending a contest; but
;i when the gentleman fromOhio [Mr. Garfield]
was asserting in his argument to the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Upson] that it had always
been the custom in this House to allow the per-
son holding a certificate to take his seat I call
attention to the facts in the Kentucky cases,
especially my own, not referring especially to
those of my colleagues, Messrs. Grover and
Jones, which were substantially similar, as
contradicting the position taken by the gentle-
man from Ohio. It will be found by reference to
the Globe of July 3,1857, that I was not allowed
to take my seat, but my credentials were referred
to the Committee of Elections, although I held
the certificate of the Governor of Kentucky, in
proper form, showing a majority of over 8,000
over my principal competitor, and the only
objection made was in the statement of Gen-
eral Logan, which presented no objection to
me, and which read as follows:
"I have no objection to accepting that amendment
as a modilieation of my resolution, inasmuch as X
believe that there areno charges against that gentle-
man. X, however, introduced my resolution for a
different purpose from that of attacking any individ-
ual. My purpose was to test an important question
in this Ilouse. There seems, however, to be some
nervousness on this subject, and I will therefore
accept the amendment and modify my resolution
so as to include all the persons claiming seats as Rep-
resentatives from the State of Kentucky, except the
gentleman named in the amendment. I believe there
have been charges made against all the others, ex-
cept one, and he was the partner of John C. Breck-
inridge in the practice of law. [Laughter.] "
On that statement I and my colleagues were
not admitted to our seats, but our credentials
were referred to the Committee of Elections
by a vote of 07 to 50. Several days afterward
objections were filed, but at the time the reso-
lution of reference passed there was no objec-
| tion of any character against my right except
thestatementof General Logan above referred
to. The Globe will verify what I say. For that
reason I call the attention of the gentleman
from Michigan to it as an answer to the state-
ments of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman's name
was in the resolution that was passed, and
that makes my point good.
Mr. BECK. But there was no charge against
me, and my prima facie case was unques-
tioned ; and that fact shows that the gentle-
man's point was not a good one.
Mr. PAINE. I wish the House to go back
to the 18th day of last December, and to recall
the facts as they then existed in this House in
order that we may clear away the mystery
which has been thrown around them by gen-
tlemen who have discussed this case. On that
day this claimant appeared in this Ilouse and
asked for his seat. He presented his creden-
tials and laid his case before this House.
There was then pending the case of Jones vs.
Mann. Matin had been elected and Jones had
brought his contest before the House. That
contestwas then pending. When Menard catne
! with his credentials why did we not swear him
i in, asks the gentleman from Ohio. We did not
! know then that there was a vacancy in that
| district, and that case of Jones vs. Mann was
; never decided until this very day. What did
! we do with Menard's credentials ? What could
j we have done? We might have thrown them
under the table, or we might have handed them
back to him, but none of these things would
have been proper, because we had a commit-
tee which was the custodian of all such papers.
We took that certificate and handed it over to
the Committee of Elections, instructing them
to inquire into the facts of the case, as appears
by the entry in the Journal which I have just
read ; and while I find no fault with that com-
mittee for making this report here to-day I say
we have never been concluded by our action
from admitting him under this prima facie
case. How stands it ? It is true the majority
report neither is entitled to a seat, but one of
the members of the committee [Mr. Poland]
has offered a resolution—for what purpose?
For the purpose of inquiring into these facts.
I have moved a substitute for his substitute.
Mr. UPSON. He is not a member of the
committee, and ha$ not been sinee the begin-
ning of the session.
