U4:
WM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February ff,
jhad-passed a bill of the followiag title j- in which
"the "concurrence of the House was requested:
An- act. (S. No. -765) to«give an additional
term of the United Seates>GfMijiit court-for the
eastern district of Ajkwisas.f
The message also announced that the Senatp
had passed without amendment bills of the
following titles: , . , •
, An act _(H,- B, No. Ig56) 'to ^st&Mijsh & cer-
tain post road in the State of Connecticut • and
An act (H. R. £Io. 1861) to establish & cer-
tain post road, in the Stat® of Connecticut,,
joun is. eeeside and others.
Mr.' GARFIELD, from die Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a joint'rjesA-l'a-
ticm ffl. R. No. 41-8-) for-the relief Off John E.
Reeside and his sub-contrsfctorg.
The joint resolution, which ■was read, pro-
poses to authorize and require the Quarter-
master General to settle -the accounts of John
E. Ueeside for transportation on rotate rNo.
2, "for Kansas, Colorado, and New- Mexico,
"tinder his^ contract "dated April 4, '1867, upon
the' basis of the contract price, for the quantity
of supplies actually -transported thereunder,
and no more. The amounts due to sub-con- j
tractors for the tran-spwtatiori-of supplies under
ReesideVcontract are te 'be settled upon the
bills of lading of supplies actually transported
and delivered in good -order, 'five "Quarter-
master "General is to cause to be -paid to Bee-
side and his sub-contractors or to bis or their
assigns in full for transportation an amount
not to exceed the sum of $34,769 22.
Mr. MAYlfARD. Is there any report in
this case? - ■
Mr. GABFIELD. There is a report, and I
will in a moment ask that it be read as a part
of my re'raarks. But as the morning hour is
about to expire I trust there will be no objec-
tion to seconding-the-previous question, so that
•we may finish the-consideration of the'bill this
Morning. ' ■ •
^ Mr. MAYNA'RD. If the previous question
•iiliorild be seconded, Mr. Speaker, will it be in
order for me to mO've the reference of the bill
to the Committee of the 'Whole on the Private
Calendar"?
The SPEAKER. It will not; but the re-
port can be read in the hour to which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. 'Garfield] will be
entitled. .
. Mr. GABFIELD. I call the previous ques-
tion. '
The previous question was seconded and the
wain question ordered,which was upon ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr, GABFIELD. I ask the Clerk to read,
as a part of my remarks, the report of the com-
mittee.
The Clerk read the report, from which it
appears that John E. Recside, of Maryland,
entered into contract in April, 18G7, with
Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Bliss, -acting
quartermaster, to transport freight or Army
stores on route No. 2 from Port Riley, Kansas,
to posts west at the rate of $1 28 per one hun-
dred pounds for one hundred miles for summer
freights, and at $2 84 for winter freights, which
'contract was faithfully carried out until July,
1867, when the roads became impassable in
"consequence of the heavy rains which deluged
the whole section of country through which
the route passed, carrying away bridges, so
that for weeks-teams could not move. In ad-
dition to this difficulty it appears that the In-
dian hostilities presented another of no incon-
siderable-magnitude, -which, with acombination
of other circumstances over which the eon-
tractor had no control, as is substantiated by
the'iestirnony submitted, rendered it a matter
- of impossibility for service under the contract
to be performed, and it was relinquished with-
out any compensation for what had been per-
formed, for the allowance of which the con-
tractor has petitioned Congress. The quarter-
master in eharge at Fort Biley at the time wrote
to the chief of the Department, .under date of
September 16, 1867, as follow.sj,,
"As to the causes of J. E. Reeside's failure to trans-
port the freight in accordance with the terms of his
Contract, it must bo admitted that the heavy rains
flooded'the couiitry tttfri'dg the months of April and
May to such an, extent as to make it impossible to
move wagon trains west of liiley, with so vac excep-
tions of a few days. That Mr. Recside endeavored,
■by all _proper and available means-, to fill his cftn-
tract, Xfuliy believe."
Other testimony concurrent with this fully
confirms the statement of the petitioner.
Iffr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
■Ohio Aate to the House, as the -report does
ndt, bow payment came -to be withheld ?
Mr. G-ABPIELD. Payment, as is the duty
of the Department, in -such cases, is withheld
where the contractor is not performing the
service required by the contract. Bains came
on, bridges were gashed #way, and this con-
tractor could "not keep -up the transportation
"of supplies. As soon as the Department was
informed of the contractor having ceased to
keep np "to the terms of the" contract 'they
ordered a stoppage of payment. In the mean
time the vouchers had been turned over to the
teamsters for hauling. As a matter of fact,
nearly all the amount of transportation done
'has been paid for in vouchers, and they are in
the hands of individual teamsters who did the
work. The case is a complicated one. Here are
all th'e- papers giving all the substantial facts in
the case, from the original contract all the Way
through up to the final breaking up of the busi-
ness by the breaking out of the Indian war.
No money is .recommended to be paid that was
not actually earned. It seems to me it is just
and prudent that the Government should pass
this joint resolution, as we provide for the pay-
ment of only what was actually transported.
We pay no damages.
Mr. 'WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. -How
much does it appropriate?
Mr. GABFIELD. It involves about thirty
thousand dollars. We do not appropriate any
particular sum, but provide for the payment of
the actual vouchers issued for supplies actually
transported. It has all to pass through the
hands of the proper accounting officers.
Mr. WASHBUBN, of Wisconsin. What
is the recommendation of the Department?
Mr. GARFIELD. The quartermaster in
charge at Fortfliiley at the time wrote to the
chief of the Department, under date of Sep-
tember 16, 1867, as follows :
"As to the causes of J. 33.'Keesidc's failure to
transportthe freight, in accordance with the terras of
his contract, it must be admitted that the heavy rains
flooded the country during the months of April, and
May to such an extent ns.to make it impossible to
move wagon trains west of RUev, with some excep-
tions of a few days. That Mr.-Keeside endeavored,
by all proper and available moans, to fill his con-
tract, I fully believe."
It appears that in addition to this difficulty
the Indian hostilities presented another of no
inconsiderable magnitude, which, with a com-
bination of other circumstances over which the
contractor had no control, as is substantiated
by the testimony,submitted, rendered ita m&t-
ter-,of impossibility for service under the con-
tract to be performed, and it was relinquished,
^without any compensation for .what had been
performed, for the allowance of which the con-
tractor has .petitioned Congress.
Mr, WASIIBUBN, of Wisconsin. How
much has he received ?
Hr. GABFIELD. He has received nothing
at all except in the form of quartermasters'
vouchers, none of which have been paid by the
Treasury.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was this under the pres-
ent Quartermaster General?
Mr. GABFIELD. It was.
Mr. COVODE. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs has not fully
stated the difficulties connected with this case.
I was on the ground at the .time the bridges
were flooded away. He refers to that; but he
does not refer to the stampede by the Indians
of all the teamsters. I was there, and know
that the teamsters refused to venture out. Mr.
Reeside did all he could, but he could not
get them to go out. I told him that I saw clearly
that he would have to abandon it, and he might
..as well, go to Washington and report the ease
.to the Government; ^,nd he came with .mo-p.n
my way hom.c, I understand tHi^ matter fulJjj.
It was utterly impossible for him to have that
transportation done under the .existing circum-
stances, with the bridges .swept away «.nd th.e
Indians on the road.
Mr. GARFIELD, I will say in ndditionto
what I hav.e stated, .this case hag been for many
months before the Committee on > Military
Affairs, and it is due to that committee to say
that it, as well as all other similar subjects,
have received a very careful examination by
the committer, #nd we hav.e reported.only tius:
that the Government shall pay for what ser-
vice' was actnatlly rendered to it. Fro.ja ,ek-
cumstances entirely beyon^tbe.qontrj)-! ofittj.
Reeside, circumstances that he -could hotpos-
sibly Mv.e .controlled, lie,was unable to carry
on,t his contract further. But ev.en if Reeside
himself had "been able to.'parry ,it out, "still.j^b
mode of transacting .this business, makes the
case one of very great hardship, iriSictsd.iipon
the .teamsters who made, some of them, five or
six trips and took their entire .pay in vouchers
stating that they bad transported a certain
amount; expecting that those vouchers would
be .honored by .the Government, as they would
have been but for tjie interruption of,trans-
portation preventing the fulfillment of the en-
tire .contract.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not know but this
claim is just enough. I cannot say it is not.
I have no knowledge except what I .get from
,the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. G-a fiemd,]
which makes out a good case. But the ques-
tion I want to ask is, how the Military Com-
mittee came to have charge of a .claim that
should have gone to the Committee ofClaiffl?,?
For one I protest against hunting around for "a
committee that'may he favorable to a claim. I
know why this went to the Military Committee.
Because it was a contract in the" military depart-
ment; but it i3 still a claim, atid nothing ielse.
Mr. GARFIELD. It went,,to .the Commit-
tee of Claims, and was referred to .the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If that is so I ha-ve noth-
ing to say.
Mr. GARFIELD. I quite agree with my
friend, that it is improper for an important
claim to go to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. We are every day referring papers b^ck
to the Committee of Claims that have been
improperly referred to us, in order to get rid
of any claim whatever. Bpt t^isiwa^ refprijed
.to us,because the adjustment.of the,lmWer de-
pended upon the customs,of the War JJepart-
ment in such cases.
The bill was .ordered to be engrossed and
read a-third tifne; and being engrossed, it \vas
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARPlELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and als,o
moved that the motion to reconsider be lai^im
the-table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour,has
.expired.
delaware breakwater. ,
The SPEA'KER, by unanim-onsebnsent.laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to House
resolution of the4th instant,relative to the Del-
aware breakwater, the erection of piers, &c.;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and-ordered to be printed.
island? of st. paul and st. g-eoege.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House
a communication of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in relation to the temporary subsistence
of the native population of the islands,of St.
Paul and St. George, Alaska; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
TEXAS CONVENTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the Texas constitutional .con-
vention, respecting the division of Texas and
providing for the election of delegates,to pro-
ceed to Washington and represent Uie.condition
