IMP
THE OO^GRBSPWAL GLOBE.
February ,37,
$200,/JOO, fiiid .with owlets to bring tie various^
bauds of the Sioux upon their reservation and,
supply them, temporarily under the provisions
of a treaty which had been made with those
builds but was nat then ratified or published. He
proceeded to do so with the $200,000. Hav-
ing begun the Hoik he spent not only the
$200,000 allowed him, but$48S,000 more; and
before the 1st day of July next will require
$205,M0 wore. _ He bow calls for about sev-
enteen hundred thousand dollars in addition.to
carry these Sioax through, the next year. Of
course General Harney had no authority of
law to make this great expenditure. There
was no appropriation, nor. at the time a treaty
ratified calling for it; but it was thought by
him and his associates best to be done in order
to keep the Indians at peace. He has called
together on the reservation some nine thou-
sand Sioux Indians. There are twenty-two
thousand in all; and as it has co.<t $2,000,000 to
take care of nine thousand Sioux, any one can
easily calculate how much it will cost to take
care of twenty-two thousand. It can readily
be seen, therefore, to what an amount this
expenditure must swell in future years. When
I state that in my opinion the system will
involve an expenditure of eight or ten millions
annually I do not overstate the facts. It is
appropriations of this class that compose the
great bulk of the Senate amendments to this
bill.
In order that I may not be misunderstood
let me say that I believe General Harney has
in his action toward the Sioux attempted to
carry out the provisions of the treaties. He
has done that which he thought best for the
community with perfect good faith and the
utmost honesty. I should not have made all
the contracts he has made and in the manner
in which he has made them. I might perhaps
have made worse ones. I do not think they
were always economically made or as well made
as a man more acquainted with business might
have made them. But I want to bear testi-
mony here to the utmost good faith and hon-
esty on the part of General Harney. I doubt
whether upon the whole we could have got the
thing much better done "by any other man.
Hence I am justified in saying that General
Harney's action, as spread out in the report to
which I have called attention, shows us what
at the best we may expect from this system in
the future.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the gentleman sits
down I would like him to explain, if he can,
amendment No. 117 on page 76.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will come
to that in a moment.
The Committee on Appropriations were un-
able to come fully to a conclusion as to what
they ought to recommend to the House on this
subject of carrying out this policy. I have stated
the facts that the House may understand the
matter and judge for itself. The question that
first arises is, will the House sanction this
method of dealing with the Indians ? Shall we
go on with the system here presented or shall
we stop? The next question is, shall we be as
liberal in our appropriations as the treaties
contemplate? Shall we exercise any super-
vision whatever over this matter? The third
question is, what is to be done if we do not
sanction this expenditure? That the House
might decide these questions the Committee on
Appropriations have recommended non-con-
currence in all the Senate amendments of this
class and submit them to the House. Before
we come to vote on the first considerable appro-
priation to carry out one of these treaties I
desire that these Questions shall be quite fully
discussed, and let the decision upon that be
taken as a test question. Having settled what
action we shall take on that class of amend-
ments it will be very easy to dispose of this bill.
Until the geueral question has been settled it
will be almost impossible to settle these various
items by discussing each one of them. They
form parts of a system and must be considered
as such. There is another class of items to
which I wish to cali attention. A large number
of claims of various sortg have been attached
to this bill. There is one to which the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin} just called
attention—an old claim which is provided for
by treaty. Then there is a class of claims which
ought to have gone, in the judgment of the
Committee on Appropriations, to the Court of
Claims. Then there arp certain deficiencies
which must be met; and I want to say to the
House that most of these can only be settled
by a committee of conference, who shall ex-
amine them and reg^t such as are just and
proper to be provided for.
Mr. Chairman, I want to call the attention
of the House to one fact especially. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations reported exactly what
was appropriated last year for the same kind
of expenditures. At that time we then pre-
pared the appropriation bill with great care. It
went to the Senate, was there again examined
and amended, and again considered here, and
afterward went to a committee of conference;
and then we consumed the whole of one day
aud a part each of two others in deciding with
particularity how each item should stand. The
report of the committee of conference was
agreed to by both Houses. When we came to
the class of items this year the Committee on
Appropriations reported appropriations upon
the basis which was so carefully agreed to last
year. Let me illustrate for a moment. A great
many of the old treaties provided that the
United States should provide physicians, black-
smiths, farmers, and the like for the Indians.
In some treaties the amount of the salary was
fixed in the treaty, and in others it was left
discretionary. Wherever the amount was fixed
it was always found that the United States
could procure aphysician, farmer, or mechanic
for that sum; but where it was left discretion-
ary we found that the United States bad to pay
much more. It was the same in the case of
the farmer, the blacksmith, the tanner, the
millwright, and every other. Wherever the
treaty said a farmer at $600 the services of
a farmer were secured for that amount; but
where it said nothing about it the farmer
would cost almost double that sum. So we set-
tled with great care those matters of detail as
we thought most economical and best. Then
there was another class of expenditures. A
large number of expenditures under these trea-
ties are at the pleasure of the President, others
are at the pleasure of Congress. Wherever the
expenditures were to be at the pleasure of the
Presidentor of Congress we examined into them
and if we discovered that the need of them had
passed entirely away we did not appropriate
tor them. Some of these treaties go back to
the last century. We said that we had no
pleasure in some of these provisions and they
were cut off.
Now, as I have said, the Committee on Ap-
propriations appropriated this year according
to the scale adopted last year, so far as the old
treaties were concerned. We did not have
most of the new treaties before us. The Sen-
ate, I believe, have in almost, every instance
added on what we have cut off. It has been
done with perfect unanimity upon a level plane
of amendments. They have brought every-
thing up to the old standard. While they have
done that, yet they have paid the Commit-
tee on Appropriations the highest compliment
any Committee on Appropriations ever before
received, for with the exception of clerical
errors they have not in the whole one hundred
and eighty-seven amendments stricken down as
extravagant a single provision which we sent
to them. I am quite accurate when I say that
they have not stricken out a single dollar which
the House appropriated.
Now, if any gentleman of the committee
should desire any further explanation I shall
be happy to 'jive it if I can.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman state
the amount appropriated to carry out new
treaties ? I did not catch his former statement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state it again, and especially as a number of
members have siuce come into the House. The
bill as it went from the House appropriated
$2,312,260. The Senate Committee on Appro-
priations added $540,963, and the Senate Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs $3,800,734 99.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The committee have not
heard the gentleman's statement in regard to
the amendment. In this particular case are
we to pay the Indians for stealing our stock?
That is the point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is Sea-
ate amendment No. 117, to pay the claim of
the Sacs and Poxes against the United States
for stealing of stock, per fifteenth article treaty
February 18, 1867, $16,400. What is intended
is to provide for a case where citizens of the
United States are supposed to have stolen the
stock of the Sacs and Foxes. You must not
ask me to defend the syntax or grammacof the
Senate amendment when I have so much else
to do.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Has the gentleman any
information whether this is to pay for stock we
have stolen or stock they have stolen ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I believe
the treaty sets forth the facts with a great deal
of accuracy. I will read the article of the
treaty:
" Article fifteen of the treaty ratified October 14,1858.—
The claims of the Sacs and Foxes against the Unii.ed
States for stealing stock which have heretofore
been adjusted; amounting to $16,400, shall be paid by
the United States, and the amount disbursed and
expended for the benefit of the tribe in such objects
for the r improvement and comfort upon the new
reservation as the chiefs through their agents desire.
And whereas the Indians clai in that one full payment
due under the previous treaty his never been made
to them, it is agreed that a careful examination of
the booksof the Commissionerof Indian Affairs shall
be made, andif any sum is found still due to anybody
thesame shall be paid to themper captain the same
manner as their annuities are paid."
Mr. GARFIELD. Please enlighten us on
this point: if the Indians stole the stock do we
pay them ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. Did westeal itfrom them,
or are we now paying our debts?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Our citi-
zens and our soldiers are claimed to have stolen
a large amount of cattle from the Sac and Fox
Indians, aud that claim has heretofore been
adjusted in the Indian Bureau, but now there
is a treaty stipulation here to carry out .that
adjustment by paying the amount.
Mr. LOGAN. The truth is the rebels stole
their stock, I suppose, did they not?
Several members here propounded questions
attacking the wording of the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I really
cannot answer these questions, and I hope gen-
tlemen upon a matter of so much gravity as
this, and with the press of business at this time,
will see that it is important that we proceed to
the consideration of these very grave matters.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield to me?
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. Iwillyield
to the gentlemen one at a time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire the gen-
tleman before he closes to answer two ques-
tions. Perhaps he has already sufficiently
answered them, and perhaps not. I am not
certain about that. I understand him to state
that the main difference between the bill as it
comes from the Senate and the bill as it passed
the House is in the fact that it makes large
appropriations for carrying out about eleven
treaties made with different tribes of Indians.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
that is the number.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The first question
I want to ask is whether the right of the House
or the propriety of the House declining to
concur in the Senate amendments depends
solely upon the right of the House to make
appropriations for a treaty which the House
thinks the Senate and the Executive ought not
to have made? Whether in considering these
amendments there is any other discretion or
right which the House has in the matter except
it be the right to look into the propriety of
making a treaty and of-providing for its execu-
tion by making the requisite appropriations,?
