1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1701
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I willgive
the gentleman all that has occurred to my mind
on the subject in our discussions in the com-
mittee-rooM. It was said that all treaties that
called tor appropriations of noney to carry
them out are always within the control of the
House. For example, suppose we should make
a treaty with Russia to purchase Alaska and,
as we have a perfect right to do so, suppose we
should noc appropriate the money to carry out
that treaty. That is one of the few privileges
which yet are supposed to belong to the House.
We have a right at any and ail times to say we
will or will not appropriate money to carry out
a treafy or for any other purpose. That power
was exercised by the House of Commons of
England many years ago in regard to a treaty
between Great Britain and Spain, I believe.
The House refusing to appropriate the neces-
sary money and to pass the necessary laws to
carry it out, it being a treaty of commerce in
regard to revenue; and that treaty remains
unexecuted, so far as England is concerned,
to-day.
Mr. SHELLABARGBR. I agree full/ with
the statement just made by the gentleman, and
by my question 1 did not mean to indicate that
the House was bound to carry out any treaty
which required the appropriation of money
unless it should deem it wise to do so; but I
meant to bring the mind of the committee to
the position in which we are at this time and
to inquire whether we have any other thing to
cotisrider than the question whether it is a treaty
fit to be made and carried out? If it is not the
gentleman has answered that. I understand
that these eleven treaties have been made and
proclaimed and that everything has been done
as to them (hat the Senate and the Executive
can do, and the only remedy now is for the
House to stop right here.
The other question that I wish to ask is what
there is, if anything, which has been yielded
up by these Indian tribes as consideration for
these large stipulations in their favor, except
the matter which has been alluded to, namely,
that we are to have peace in return for these
appropriations and expenditures? Is there
anything in the way of relinquishment of res-
ervations of land or anything of that kind that
would commend these treaties to our favor?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In the
treaties made by the peace commission there
has been no cession of land, because these
Indians were roaming Indians who did not
seem to have any fixed habitations or lands
they could claim as their own except poxsessio
pedis. In the treaty made with the Ute In-
dians and in one or two treaties made by
Governor Hunt and Kit Carson there has been
land ceded, bat the general theory upon which
the treaties have proceeded is that the Indians
shall be got together upon reservations and fed
theieand kept there and made self-sustaining,
if possible, and the consideration they give is
peace.
Let me read from one of these treaties the
consideration:
"Article I.
"From this day forward peace between the parties
to this treaty shall forever continue. The Govern-
ment of the United States desires peace and its honor
is hereby pledged to keep it. The Indians desire
peace and they hereby pledge their honor to main-
tain it. If bad men among the whites or among other
people subject io the authority of the United States
shall commit any wrong upon the person or property
of the Indians the United States will, upon proof
made to the agent and forwarded to the Commis-
mibfcioner ol Indian Affairs at Washington city, pro-
ceed at once to cause the offender to be arrested and
punished according to the laws of the United States,
and also reimburse the injured person for the loss
sustained.
"If bad men among the Indians shall commit a
■wrong or depredation upon the person or property
of any one, white, black, or Indian, subject to the
authority of the United States and at peace there-
with, the Indians hereinnamedsolemnly agree that
they will, on proof made to thfir agent and notice
by him, deliver up the wrongdoer to the United
Slates, to be tried and punished according to its laws*;
and in case thoy refuse wilfully so to do the person
injured shall be reimbursed for his loss from the
annuities or other moneys due or to become due to
them under this or other treaties made with the
United States. And the President, on advising with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, shall prescribe
such rules and regulations for ascertaining damages
under the provisions of this article asm his judg-
ment may be proper. But no such damages shall be
adjusted and paid until thoroughly examined and
passed upon by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and no one sustaining loss while violating or because
of his violating the provisions of this treaty or the
laws of the United States shall be reimbursed there-
for."
That is the theory of all these treaties. The
whole matter resolves itself into this: are we
in future to deal with these Indians by treaties
and carry out this policy or "are we to deal
with them in a different manner? I want to
impress upon the House once more that this
is a very difficult and important question.
Many western men tell the committee that if
these treaties are not carried out there will be
war all along the western border and we shall
lose many hundreds of lives, and that one
month of war would be destructive to more
property than the amount now involved.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question in good faith.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
hear it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask whether in
any of these amendments the Senate have
granted any more than the treaties to which he
refers bind us to give the Indians?
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. I do not
think they have, except perhaps that there has
been a little lavishtiess of appropriation. I
will give the gentleman an instance of what I
mean. Where a physician is provided for they
give him fifteen hundred or two thousand dol-
lars a year when perhaps we might provide
one for less.
Mr. MUNGEN. That is a matter outside
the treaties. I was speaking of the regular
annuities.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
they give nothing but what the treaties require.
Mr. MUNGEN. Under the Constitution of
the United States these treaties when adopted
are something like the laws of the Medes and
Persians. Notwithstanding the statement of
the gentleman about what has been done by
the House of Commons in regard to a treaty
between Great Britain and Spain I believe that
when a treaty is made by the authorized power
of the Government—by the Executive, be he
who he may, and ratified by the Senate—that
treaty is binding in all of its stipulations upon
this House, and that we are under obligations
as members of this House to carry it out; and
if the gentleman admits that the Senate have
asked for nothing more in the shape of annui-
ties for the Indians than the treaties between
us and the Indians call for then we are bound
to carry out those treaties. I believe that to
be so and I intend so to vote.
Mr. BU L'LER, of Massachusetts. Iwantto
say right here that there should be no preju-
dice against any of these treaties because they
have been signed by the present President of
the United States. He has had nothing to do
with them except to do what seemed to be his
duty to carry out the wishes of the peace com-
mission sent out to those Indians.
Mr. MUNGEN. Very fewof them have been
signed by the President.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to know of the
gentleman whether these appropriations apply
to treaties which have recently been made,
and whether we are now called upon for the
first time to make appropriations under these
treaties ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The trea-
ties made by this peace commission, substan-
tially, yes.
Mr. ALLTSON. I understand that these
treaties run for a long period of time, for many
years, and if we enter upon these appropria-
tions now we therefore substantially give the
sanction and recognition of the law-making
power of the Government to the faithful carry-
ing out of these treaties in the future.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. And we would be regarded
as having violated these treaties if we fail at
any time in the future to make the appropria-
tions called for by them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Undoubt-
edly.
Mr. ALLTSON. I presume the Committee
on Appropriations have made careful examin-
ation of this whole subject. I would be glad,
therefore, to have the gentleman now in charge
of this bill to say to the House what his best
judgment is in reference to what should be
our action on this whole subject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
but three or four minutes left. I want to say
exactly this: the subject was so vast in its
consequences and of such great moment, in-
volving so many difficulties and such great
controversies, that I did not desire, and I do
not now desire, to take that very great re-
sponsibility. I am only responsible, and so
far as I know have relieved myself of it, for
the faithful detail of the facts to members of
the House. I have stated those facts to them,
and now submit it. to their decision.
Mr. LOGAN. May I interrupt the gentle-
man a mompnt right here ?
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I have listened with a great
deal of interest to the remarks of the gentle-
man. But I have been unable yet to ascertain
whether the Committee on Appropriations
desire us to vote for these appropriations or
not. I want to know whether the Committee
on Appropriations desire us to concur or non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate to this
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
reported in favor of non-concarring in all these
amendments, for the purpose of bringing the
subject before the House. I have stated that
in regard to class appropriations, this great
question of a policy with the Indians, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations felt a delicacy in
making any positive recommendation, and in
regard to some other of the amendments we
have very decided opinions.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a remark at this point ?
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Then I would say in reply
to the inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] that I have the honor to be a
member of the Committee on Appropriations,
and I understand that every member of that
committee is most decidedly hostile to the
amendments of the Senate, believing that they
involve the deepest villainy of anything that
has been before this -House for a great many
years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
expired.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to make a few
remarks upon this subject.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a few words?
Mr. BURLEIGH. If I can yield to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] without
surrendering the floor I will do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can yield
and then resume the floor when he chooses to
do so.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Then I yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to say in response to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] that 1 have understood all the time that
the Committee on Appropriations have invest-
igated this case and believed that there were
frauds covered up in this proposition, and my
object was to get that statement before the
House. If there are frauds, or if the commit-
tee believe there are frauds covered up in this
proposition, which I myself believe, I want
ihem to say so to the House and let a commit-
tee of conference be appointed to investigate
them.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I have listened with a
great deal of interest to the remarks of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
