1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
transportation of two hundred tons of these
Government stores a distance of two hundred
miles at eight cents a pound, when at the very
time there were parties offering to do it atfobr
cents. 1 They came on with transportation .for
only fifty instead of tw.o hundred tons. Fifty
tons- of damaged goods, I am informed, were
delivered to the party and were taken to Port
Shaw, while the other one hundred and fifty
tons, .not being damaged, were sold as just
stated for $4,500, out of which the parties
purchasing made, as I have said, a clear profit
of $120,000. _
Now, this is only-one item. I have quite a
number of others which I will introduce as
opportunity is presented. At Forts Sedgwick,
Laramie, David, and Russell, contracts have
been made for hay at from fifty to one hun-
dred dollars per ton, when it could be readily
furnished at twenty-five dollars. At Fort
Sedgwick wood has been furnished as high
as $110 a cord, when its actual value is less
than twenty dollars. It, of course, costs
nothing for timber in that country, and wood
can be obtained within twenty miles. Also, at
Fort Sedgwick recently there was a very large
amount of*corn condemned by the military
officer, amounting in value, I am informed, to
several hundred thousand dollars. It was
condemned three several times and good corn
sold .in place of it and then again returned,
the parties finally making about one hundred
thousand dollars clear out of the operation
and the condemned corn being thrown into the
river.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield the
floor to the gentleman from Nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE. Thegentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wisdom] having alluded to a sale at Fort
Smith of property there, 1 desire to make an
explanation,, in justice to the officer in that
district. I happen to know something about
it, and while I sympathize with the gentleman
from Minnesota in his efforts to reduce the
Army and to prevent the transfer of the In-
dian Bureau to the War Department, I cannot
sit here, knowing what I do, and hear this
statement made,, which I know the gentleman
makes in good faith, without saying a few
words. That fort was surrounded by thou-
sands of hostile Indians, and the sale was made
to a gentleman identified by marriage with the
Indians, and himself, I believe, a half-breed or
quarter blood, so that he could get out with
the goods, which no other man in that country
could do; and he got out to his loss and tribu-
lation. I believe that it would have been better
for the Government to have left everything
that was sold there or to have burnt it up than
to have attempted to move it away with its own
transportation.
Ilr. WINDOM. I read my notes to this
same gentleman to-day and when I read that
part about the party clearing $120,000 on the
purchase, said I, "Are you that party?" and
said he, " 1 am one of them."
A Member. What is his name?
Mr. WINDOM. It was not given. He was
introduced to me by Mr. Jackson, of this city.
Mr. TAFFE. I have heard his name, but
forget it. He has Indian blood. I know this,
that no other man would have undertaken the
risk of removing the property from that post.
My best information is that nobody would have
undertaken to have removed the property ex-
cept some one connected with the hostile
Indians if the Government had turned it over
to him for nothing.
Mr. WINDOM. I am informed that at the
time the sale was made for $4,500 another
party made application twice to purchase the
property for $40,000, and had the money to
pay for it.
Mr. TAFFS., I would like the gentleman
to give the name of the party who proposed to
pay $40,000. I wan.t to ascertain if it is not the
same party who at the same time could not pay
his hotel bill in the city of Omaha. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. I think this is au Indian
quarrel rather than an Army "quarrel.
. Mr. CAVANAUGH. Letme state one fact.
The gentleman from. Nebraska [Mr. Tawe]
says that. Fort C. F. Smith -was surrounded by
hostile Indians. Yet I know that in 1868
when they sent a messenger saying they were
out of provisions, forty-five men started from
Montana and went through to that fort through
this immense body of hostile Indians and sup-
plied them with provisions. I know, and every
man who has ever lived in Montana knows,
that there never was a viler robbery of the Gov-
ernment than there was in that sale at Fort C.
F. Smith. I know that there was a man on the
ground who twice offered $40,000 for the goods
that were sold for less than $5,000; and the
two saw-mills that cost over $10,000 and were
sold for $250 are now at work in the Territory
of Montana. That is a fact that I know.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WIN DOM. I withdraw my amendment-
Mr. SCOFIELD. I renew the amendment,
and yield the floor to the gentleman from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Windom.]
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to present some
further facts in reference to this matter, and I
am very much obliged to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania for yielding me the floor. I have
taken some pains to investigate this question
within the last three or four days, and I find
that evidence of these frauds pours in from
every quarter when one but opens bis ears to
hear it. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] says this is an Indian quarrel. I have
said nothing about Indians. I hope the gen-
tleman is not as nervous on that question as
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gakfield.] _
I will now give one or two illustrations in
New Mexico. Some four or five years ago the
military authorities were feeding seven thou-
sand Indians in New Mexico at a cost of some
fourteen hundred thousand dollars a year, and
at that time they were purchasing supplies
through advertisements for bids which stated,
as I am informed, that the corn to be supplied
should be brought from the States, while at the
time those advertisements were issued there
was plenty of corn in New Mexico.
The people of New Mexico were anxious to
sell their corn atfourcents apound ; but under
these bids requiring the corn to be brought from
the States these honest military authorities
pretended to pay from twenty-three to thirty-
two cents per pound for corn, while in tact it
was purchased in the Territories for four cents
per pound. In one instance, as I am informed,
some twenty or thirty teams came from the
States and unloaded their corn at a place called
Alamo Gordo, fifteen miles this side of the
Bosque Redondo. The corn had been brought
through from the States with these teams; but
it required, as I am informed, some two or
three weeks to transport it those fifteen miles.
The secret of this was afterward discovered.
When this corn was to be fed to the Indians a
sack which looked like corn was opened, when,
behold, there was nothing but, dirt in it. Sack
after sack was opened with the same result;
two hundred and fifty thousand pounds of dirt
had been delivered by these honest gentlemen
for the purpose of feeding the Indians at the
Bosque Redondo. And this, Mr. Chairman,
discloses one of the reasons why it cost at that
time $1,400,000 to take care of those Indians.
Only yesterday I saw a letter of recent date
which stated some facts with reference to this
matter. By this it appears that a contract is
now being executed for the supply of Fort
Wingate with corn at $4 20 per one hundred
pounds, while the contractor at a point one
hundred miles distantisactually payingfivedol-
lars per one hundred pounds for the same thing.
A gentleman living upon the road, and past
whose house these supplies must be trans-
ported, says that the amount necessary to sup-
ply the contracts would require for its transport-
ation all the teams in that vicinity for a year,
and that up to this time not a single team has
passed. Yet the contract is about supplied!
How that can honestly be done I do not know.
I am iuformed also, that in New Mexico in
1864 the contractor for beef delivered one hun-
dred head of cattle-to the commissary at Fort
Union, and in a few days aftgrthe same cattle
w'ere again turned over, having be6ii borrowed
from the herders for that' piirpose. The -com-
missary, in order to hide 'the fraud, repOiHed
that the * cattle 'were killed by bite of rattle-
snakes. The department commissary refused
to indorse the papers, and was finally -put
under arrest by the general commanding, when
he indorsed the papers with a statement that
he was not aware that cattle could be killed
by the bite of rattlesnakes in the winter.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] were in his seat I would
ask him whether'these are not the kind of
'' crows " that may beattracted by the'' carrion''
which he lugged into this House the other day.
I was also informed yesterday by a gentleman
high- in authority in this Government that in
reference to commutation of subsistence 'for
officers he knew an instance of a high military
officer who was too conscientious to certify to
more horses than lie owned, so every year'afc
the time the mustering officers came round he.
obtained three horses, giving his notes for
them, and as soon as the mustering'officers had
gone be returned the horses and got back his
notes. In this way every year he managed to
satisfy his conscience and yet draw pay for
three horses. Another officer, I am informed,
always took his wife and daughter with him
wherever he traveled, and charged for them
as servants. If I had time, Mr. Chairman, I
might mention enough of these circumstances
to satisfy the House that my amendment ought
to prevail. I am satisfied that of this appro-
priation forthe quartermaster's department not
one half is ever honestly -used, and that We
ought to reduce it not only to $3,000,000, but
to $2,000,000.
enrolled bills signet).
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1856) to establish a cer-
tain post road in the State of Connecticut;
and
An act (H. R. No. 1'861) to establish a cer-
tain post road in the State of Connecticut.
. AltMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. I desire to make a statement of the
facts connected with the sale'at Fort C-. F.
Smith ; for I believe I am acquainted with the
circumstances. Now, sir, when this fort was
ordered to be discontinued and that country
abandoned, if the Government had undertaken
to haul away the stores and supplies which
were there to any other post it would have
cost three times as much as to purchase new
stores, and whether the Government sold
them for $10,000 or $40,000, or gave them
away, it made money in the operation. The
property was advertised for three months, arid
any person had a right to go there and bid.
But the fact was that no person would buy the
stores and haul them out of the country except
these parties who were in league with the
Indians, or had some assurance from them that
they could take them safely out of the country.
Now, one word in relation to Fort MePherson
and Fort Sedgwick. The gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Windom] says that at Fort
Sedgwick wood can be hauled from within
twenty miles, f say it must be hauled from
forty to one hundred miles. I have mjself
paid $105 a cord for wood there. That is the
fact in relation to that matter.
Mr. VVINDOM. A. military officer who was
there within the last year assured me that
wood could be hauled from within fifteen
miles. I told him I would make it twenty
miles, so as to be within bounds.
