©60
IKE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. DODGE., I 4o not bare what he may
say. . I have spent'fourteen years in that, coun-
try, and* caused that post to be supplied with
wood for two years w.hen I commanded that
department, and I ki)£>w all about the country
audits facilities for supplying?wood to the mili-
tary posts. -
Mr., DJSWljlESE. I-see we are called upon
to appropriate $5,000,000 for the quarter-
master's department. -This money goes into
the hands of various officers to be disbursed for
a great variety of purposes. I know nothing
of,the condition of affairs in the western,Terri-
tories. I know nothing of swindles carried oa
by Army officers there, arid to which our atten-
tion has been called to-day, as well as on many
other-occasions. But I can bripg-the ntatter
right down to my own towfc,, and show, a state
of things existing there notions- whit better in
character, though perhaps less in degree.. In
uiy town wood is brought in and peddled ahoat
the streets, and people are begged to take it at
three dollars a cord. Yet iu the very same
place the officers of the Government pay live
dollars a cord for the wood that is purchased
for the use of the Government. And in regard
to other articles it is the Same thing. Any man
in my town can go to market and buy beef for
his Qwn use at ten cents a pound. Yet Gov-
ern nient officers there cojjteacf for beef for the
Government and :pay nearly eighteen cents "a
pound-—seventeen audfive eighths cents. And.
the same practices are carried on therein regard
to other articles. It was only a week ago yes-
terday that I had to put my hand in my pocket
and pay $2,500 for a defaulting quartermaster
vylio had been engnged iu some fraudulent
transactions. The commissary general showed
conclusively, that vouchers for those very arti-
cles had already been paid, and this default-
ing quartermaster had fogged other vouchers
mid put them out.
Gentlemen here cry out for retrenchment,
and tell us that the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment must be lessened. Let us begin by
cutting down the appropriation^ in this bill,
ft the Indiau' department; is carrion, around
which all the vultures of fraud and peculation
gather, all 1 can say .is, from my slight experi-
ence as an Army officer, that the quarter-
master and commissaVy departments will vie
with them iu their swindling operations, and
not one dollar in ten of all this $5,000,000 will
ever reach'those entitled to it." An Indian
agent cannot'cheat and swindle without con-
nivance x>n the part of some one else, goner-
ally of military officers. I am informed by the
Commissioner of Indian Affiirs that it is neces-
sary for a military officer to be present when
any money is paid out to the Indians. Iu my
town is one brigadier general, an acting major
general, a quartermaster, a commissary, a pay-
master, a surgeon, aud sundry other officers,
drawing on an average $17£> per month each
of pay, and all the troops tbey have to com-
mand are four littl^ skeleton companies sta-
tioned there, yet they ar& there drawing their
monoy and spending it—a,great many of them
in the rum shops.
Now, if we go on in this way, if we continue
to make these appropriations of the people's
money to keep up this great Army, as the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburnb] said
the other day, our constituents will-run every
one of us into the Potomac; they will not stop
with the committee recommending the appro-
priations. Jf we want to retrench, let us com-
mence with this Army bill. The chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr. Gar-
field] admitted that by the reduction he pro-
posed there would be a saving of $12,500,000.
'lhen let us save that amount of the people's
money. Let us commence right here. We are
now at peace among ourselves. Reconstruc-
tion has been completed, so we are told. We
are at peace with all the-nationsof the earth.
\\ e no longer have any necessity for a large
standing army. And -yet in my town I can-
hardly throw a stone out of doors without hit-
ting an Army officer. And it is utterly impos-
sible to go down Pennsylvania avenue here
without running against half a dozen.off them
at any time. There is ri6 man who has a greater
respect for the Army than I have-;- hut soi far as
regards these sleek, bomb-proof .patriots, who
fight the battles of- their country by strutting
about,the avenue here, I say we should get
rid of .them as soon as possible.
[Here the lisKtimer fell.]
, Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, the tone of
the discussion seems to be-in-favor of a fur-
ther reduction, and I will not make any oppo-
sitiontb theaaaendment of the gentleman from
Minnesota. I think the Htiuse is being enlight-
ened through the joint contributions of my
friend from Minnesota and the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr..BURLEIGH. I move to still further
reduce the appropriation, and I do not move
the amendment because I expect the House to
adopt it. I have been in the northwest, where
I have been brought into contact with both the
Indian.and the military department, and I am
not willing to say that the one is exclusively
honest and the other corrupt, Or anything of
the kind. But I do believe, as I believed last
year when 1 tried to amend the bill, that I was
laboring to accomplish a result which, if the
House understood it, it would have approved.
I know that the military department in th-e
northwest has.dcme us little good. So far as
the protection-tfrom Indiau atrocities is con-
cerned it has dong us no good. The large ex-
pedition which.was carried on in 1863, 1804,
and 1805 for thd ostensible purpose of subju-
gatiug the Sioux nation had no good effect
whatever. It cost -us $30,000,000, and left the
Indians in a worse .condition than when it
started. All that has been accomplished has
been accomplished by the officers of the Gov-
ernment who have been sent up there with the
olive branch, and who were determined to do
justice to the Indians who have been down-
trodden by every department of the Govern-
ment. If you give the quartermaster's de-
partment millions and hundreds of millions of
dollars, those of us in the northwest who are
surrounded by a cordon of posts will take care
of our share of it. But we effect nothing for
the Government by these appropriations. I
will say in this connection that the money ex-
pended for the commissary and quartermaster's
supplies west of the Missouri river might as
well be thrown into the river. If we wish to
give away money, let us give it to those poor,
proscribed Indians who have been so long
tyrannized over by this Government, and who
have been so. long trampled underfoot. Let
us but fulfill our treaty obligations with them
and let them have directly, the money we have
promised them and we will have uninterrupted
peace. Do justice to the Indian tribes, and it
is all I ask. If we do that we shall have no
more Indian wars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from
Maine has chosen to accept the proposition
of the gentleman from Minnesota, to make
this $3,000,000, and I shall make no objection
to it, but it is a reflection upon the Committee
on Appropriations. In the proposed reduc-
tion of the Army $1,000,000 has been taken
off. That leaves $4,000,000. If the gentle-
man irom Maine, who is chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, so far as this
bill is concerned, thinks that committee have
erred in judgment to the extent of one fourth
of the amount, although a member of the
committee myself, I think we should examine
the bill carefully, and not trust it to the judg-
ment of a committee that acknowledges it has
made an error so important as to'amount to
one fourth of the whole appropriation. 1
consent to that, as I always do to the lowest
appropriation.
I rose to make some remarks on this sub ■
ject, but I yield a portion of my time to the
gentleman from Minnesota, for 1 wish to hear
the expose which he wished to make. I have
no doubt of its truth, and I have no doubt the
same theft is going on in all the departments of
Government clear down to our own homes.
You cannot go into a township where it is
proposed to bulld:a school-house, or to do any
other public work, where- some one does not
plunder the people. -Even during the war,
when we were getting *up volunteers among
ourselves, some sharp scoundrel always man-
aged to steal about one fourth of the money.
It is always so when the Government is on
one side and sharpened avarice on the other.
The only way to keep it down1 is. -to make a
perpetual warfare on it, here and everywhere.
There are dishonest men in the Army. .There
are avaricious men m the Army. They a,re
in all of our departments. They are undoubt-
edly in Congrfess. They are everywhere, clear
down to local township officers. The only
way for us to do is to fight dishonesty and cor-
ruption everywhere and at all times.
How, sir, I have been always of the opinion
that there was less corruption in the Army, in
the regular line of officers, than in any other
branch of the public service.. They hold their
positions for life, and they are -liable to be
tried by military commission, aud not by the
slow process of our civil courts. The expos-
ures which have been made by the gentleman
from Minnesota ought to induce the Secretary
of war to order a court-martial at once upon
all of the men who are implicated. In my
judgment, if the information given by the gen-
tleman from Minnesota to this House to day,
when brought to the notice of the Secretary of
War, does not induce, him to order a court-
martial on these men, he is derelict in the dis-
charge of his duty, and ought himself to be
severely censured. I now withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAINB.: I renew the amendment for
the purpose of saying one word. The gentle-
man's remark implies a censure to me forgiv-
ing way upon this point. Now, I wish to be
perfectly understood. I want to tetft the entire
sincerity of the House aud of Congress as to
the practicability of reducing the Army.' If
we have put these appropriations' too low, it
must be remembered that they apply to- the
next fiscal year, which does not begin till the
30th of June next. Five months after the fiscal
year begins Congress will be in session, so that
if we do any evil to-day by making these appro-
priations too small Congress will be able to
supply the deficit. But if we make them too
large I do not know that there will be any sur-
plus left; so that the evil or the danger is not in
making the appropriations too sm'all, but in
making them too large. I think myself that
the reduction my friend from Minnesota [Mr.
Wisdom] proposes is too great; but rather than
delay the bill I will accept his amendment.
The amendment, as modified, to reduce the
amount to $3,000,000, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the general and incidental expenses of the
quartermaster's department, consistingof postage on
letters and packets received and sent by officers of
the Army on public service; expensesof courts-mar-
tial, military commissions, and courts of inquiry,
including the additional compensation of judge ad-
vocates, recorders, members, and witnesses while on
that service, under the act of March 16,1892; extra
pay to soldiers employed under the direction of the
quartermaster'.-* department in the erection of bar-
racks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals, in the
construction of roads and other constant labor, for
periods of not less than ten days, under the acts of
March 2,1819, a,nd Adjust 4, 1854, including those
employed as clerks atdivision and department head-
quarters; expenses of expresses to and from the
Jrontier posts and armies in the field; of escorts to
paymasters and other disbursing officers, and to trains
where military escorts cannot be furnished; expenses
of th^ interment of officers killed in action or who
die when on duty in the field, or at posts on the fron-
tiers, oi' at posts and other places, when ordered by
the Secretary of War, and of non-commissioned offi-
cers and soldiers; authorized office furniture; hire of
laborers in the quartermaster's dopartment, includ-
ing the hire of interpreters, spies, and guides for the
Army; compensation of clerks to officers of the quar-
termaster sdepartcaent; compensation of forage and
wagon-masters, authorized by the act of July 5,183S;
tor the apprehension of deserters and the expenses
nloident to their pursuit; and for the following ex-
penditures required for the several regiments of cav-
alry, the batteries of light artillery 4 and such com-
panies or infantry as may be mounted, namely, the
purchase of traveling forges, blacksmiths' and shoe-
ing tools, horse and mule shoes and nails, iron -and,
steel ior shoeing, hire of veterinary surgeons, medi-
cines for horses and mules, picket ropes, and for shoe-
ing the horses of the corps named; alssv, generally,
