THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBS.
February 27,
Butler] in his discussion of the bill now under
consideration. But I do not distinctly under-
stand what the Committee oil Appropriations
desire the House to do, what action they de-
sire it to take in this matter. Many of the
honorable gentleman's remarks appear reason-
able, and unmistakably indicate that in this as
in every other financial measure with which he
has anything to do he has probed it as near
to the bottomas his information would admit.
That this bill as it came back from the Sen-
afe'has some imperfections I am free to admit.
That some of the amendments made to it in
that body appropriate more money than is
absolutely necessary for an economical admin-
istration of our Indian affairs I do not doubt.
But some of the gentleman's statements, I re-
gret to say, do not square with the facts as I
know them to exist. X know this is not inten-
tional, for I am free to say that from a close
scrutiny of his course as a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I have been forced
to the conclusion that the public good alone
rules his actions here.
But, sir, I do not believe the amount added
to the bill by the Senate for the purpose of
carrying out the provisions of the treaties made
by the peace commissioners, and especially that
made with the Sioux nation, is one dollar in
excess of the amount absolutely demanded for
that purpose. We have been informed that
the amount appropriated for carrying into effect
this treaty with the Sioux will give to every
member of that tribe an outfit better than a
majority of white men have when they start
out in the world for themselves. Let us bear
in mind, sir, that the Sioux nation numbers
thirty thousand souls; that they have been the
occupants of the country from the British lines
to the Republican, from the Mississippi to the
base of the Rocky mountains; that their chief
subsistence has been upon the buffalo, now fast
disappearing before the advance of civilization.
They are to-day the most powerful of all the
Indian tribes. The Government invaded their
country and took possession of their choicest
hunting grounds without first treating with
them. This it did for the purpose of estab-
lishing militaiy posts, building railways and
wagon-roads. Thousands and tens of thou-
sands of miners are located in the mountain
districts. The result of this contact has been
unnumbered outrages upon the persons and
property of the Indians; the consequence of
these outrages has been our Indian wars.
Now, sir, let us bear in mind that the com-
missioners of the Government found these In-
dians in this demoralized condition, naked
and suffering from the result of our national
faithlessness toward them. They saw that it
was not possible to restore and maintain peace-
ful relations between them aud the white pop-
ulation of the West, so long as the two races
remained in contact, each contending for the
exclusive right to occupy the Indians' country,
where they had roamed and enjoyed undisputed
possession from time immemorial. Their only
remedy was to gather them together, treat with
them for their lands, remove and locate them
upon reservations where they might live un-
molested by white men, and place them in a
situation where they can live and learn the
habits of civilized life. I ask if there is any-
thing wrong in this? Does not common hu-
manity demand that this mighty nation should
do this much for the remaining representatives
of the once powerful tribes that formerly pos-
sessed every acre of onr broad national do-
main? Would justice to these people be satisfied
with anything less than this ?
The Indian is a man and a brother ; weak-
ened it is true, by our tyrannical power, impov-
erished by oar rapacity, brutalized by our prac-
tices, but stilloneof God's children and entitled
to justice at the hands of this Christian nation.
The only practical question now worth consid-
ering is, shall this Congress extend it to them,
or shall this remnant of the race be left to
linger and die by,our cruelty and neglect ?
Gentlemeu on the opposite aide of this ques-
tion from myself speak scornfully of the views
expressed by the peace commissioners, who
were sent to the Indian country by an act of
this Congress to ascertain the cause of our past
and present troubles with the hostile tribes.
They treat with contempt the valuable informa-
tion which these commissioners obtained there,
as well as their subsequent action in negotia-
ting these important treaties of peace and
friendship with those people, by which war has
ceased and peace is restored between our citi-
zens and every hostile tribe, with which we
have kept the faith and fairly carried out our
pledges to them.
Let it be remembered, sir, that we have
driven these people to the verge of despair and
forced them to the very gates of death. By the
wise and humane policy adopted by our peace
commission—the creature of this Congress,
acting under authority of the law which you
made for this express purpose—the initia-
tory steps have been taken which, if carried
out in good faith by the Government, will
put a stop to our cruel, murderous, brutal In-
dian wars forever and relieve the national
Treasury of a drain of hundreds of millions of
dollars. Peace, lasting, permanent,peace, will
again return to our western Territories, and
prosperity will once more smile upon ourpeo-
ple.
Now, sir, since so much has been said about
the extravagance of these treaties and the lack
of wisdom in making them, perhaps it would
be well to let the House and the country know
who the commissioners were to whom you in-
trusted this important duty. I say you, for I
wish to be underst'ood what I mean when I
state that this Congress passed a law creating
this commission, and out of the seven commis-
sioners you selected four of its number from
civil life and left the President to select the
other three from the officers of the Army, and
that you appropriated $450,000 to enable these
commissioners to make these identical treaties,
which have now been ratified by the Senate
and proclaimed by the President of the United
States and are to-night the supreme law of
this land, and Congress is bound to appropri-
ate the necessary money to carry them into
effect or admit our national faithlessness and
declare the Treasury bankrupt.
The gentlemen selected by Congress for the
purpose of negotiating these treaties were
Senator Hexdersox, Hon. N. G. Taylor, Com-
missionerof Indian Affairs, General Sanborne,
and Colonel Tappan. Those selected by the
President were Lieutenant General Sherman,
Major General Harney, and Major General
Terry.
These are the persons who were selected to
go into the Indian country, ascertain the cause
of our Indian difficulties, and to inaugurate
and carry into practical operation some plan
for their settlement. They are the men of all
others who enjoyed your confidence and the
confidence of the executive department of the
Government, and were selected on account of
their integrity, patriotism, and large experi-
ence to discharge the duties assigned them.
They are all gentlemen of spotless character
and large experience in Indian affairs, while
several of them have by devotion to their coun-
try been awarded a bright place on the page of
our country's history which time alone can
efface.
These treaties were not negotiated, as some
gentlemen suppose, merely to purchase peace
with the warlike tribes, but for the right of
way through the country occupied by them and
for the acquisition of large and extensive ter-
ritory both on the western prairies and in the
rich mining districts of the mountains.
But, sir, we have not kept these treaties ;
the Indians waited for weeks and months after
their stipulations should have been fulfilled;
Congress delayed to make the necessary appro-
priations to carry them into effect, and but for
the just and humane course pursued by Gen-
eral Harney in incurring the responsibility of
supplying the necessary means of support
which had been agreed upon in their treaty
the Sioux nation would now be engaged with
the southwestern tribes in their war against our
people. Itis ahumiliatingconfessionto make,,
but I am confident that in no one instance has
our Government ever carried out in good faith
a treaty made with an Indian tribe, from the
time that we treated with the Delawares at Fort
Pitt, on the 17th day of September, 1778, to
our treaty with the Sioux, in 1868.
Look through the seventh volume of your
Statutes-at-Large, aud in that volume of our
national faithlessness every page is a living
record of plighted faith to these people that
never has been kept by the Government.
It has been stated that this bill went from
this House to the Senate appropriating between
two and three million dollars; that it comes
back here with amendments by which it is
increased to between four and five million dol-
lars, and without any cause for this great in-
crease. But it must be remembered that when
this bill was sent from here to the Senate, the
Sioux treaty had not been ratified, and it con-
tained no appropriation for carrying its pro-
visions into effect. While the bill was in
the hands of the committee that treaty was
ratified and proclaimed by the President, and
the Senate placed in the bill the $1,700,000
necessary to carry it into effect, and also the
$480,000 deficiency, which money is now being
used for the Indians who made the treaty, to
subsist them until the opening of navigation
on the Missouri river.
Again, we are told that notwithstanding these
treaties have been concluded by the commis-
sioners, ratified by the Senate, and proclaimed
by the President, that the House of Represent-
atives is to be consulted before it will consent
to appropriate the necessary means to carry
them into effect. The case of Alaska is cited
as one in point. There is a wide difference
in the two treaties. Alaska was foreign terri-
tory, treated for and acquired by the Executive
without a word of consultation with Congress,
while these treaties were negotiated by a com-
mission which was created by Congress for this
express purpose by authority of a positive law,
and the necessary amount of money was at the
time appropriated to enable the commissioners
to discharge the duties assigned them.
These treaties are now before you ; they are
the supreme law of the land, made by your
positive direction, confirmed by tlieSenate, and
proclaimed by the President of the United
States. And I ask if there is a lawyer or a
statesman here, who in view of these facts will
get up here or elsewhere and refuse to appro-
priate the necessary money to carry out these
treaties in good faith ?
General Harney, who had been a party to
these negotiations, was selected to go up the
Missouri and take charge of the Sioux tribes.
It was late in the season when he undertook
this difficult duty. The Missouri river was so
low, the navigation so difficult, that the rates
of transportation were more than doubled. All
of his machinery, agricultural, and mechanical
implements, aud provisions, except beef, had
to be transported hundreds of miles up the
Missouri river in steamers. The prairies had
burnt off for several hundred miles; in fact
every imaginable obstacle opposed his progress.
General Auger had already started Spotted
Tail and his bands from the Platte to their
new home on the Missouri. The hostile Yanc-
tonais, Blackfeet, Sioux, Brul6s, Two Kettles,
Oncpapas, Minneconjoux, Sans Arcs, Ogallal-
las, and Cut Head bands had been invited in.
Workhouses had to be built, miilserected,and
supplies enough got into that, remote country
to subsist fifteen thousand Indians for six
months. A failure to accomplish this would
have been a violation of the treaty on the part
of the Government and rekindled the Indian
war on the Missouri. No man knew this bet-
ter than General Harney. He realized that
the issue of peace and war were in his hands ;
he took the responsibility and prevented that
war.
The flour and beef alone for the support of
these Indians for six months would amount to
three times the amount placed in his hands.
