1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
the proper and authorized expenses for the movementv
and operations of an Army, not expressly assigned to
any other department, 81,500,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Imovetostrikeout$500,000,
leaving the amount $1,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. WOOD. I offer the following as an
amendment to this paragraph, to come in at
the end:
Bat no part of the sum shall be paid to Alexander
13 im bar for,his alleged discovery of the mode of treat-
ment of horses'feet.
. This amendment.requires a word of explan-
ation, . In 1-866 a joint resolution was adopted
by Congress requesting the Secretary of War
to make a contract with, this Dunbar for pay-
ment for the discovery of a secret which he
possessed by which he professed to cure the
diseases of horses' feet. In pursuance of that
resolution Dunbar made an application to Sec-
retary Stanton, who became entirely satisfied
that he was a quack, and that the public money
should not be expended for that purpose.
Through some influence, however, the nature
of which I do not understand, Mr. Stanton's
successor, feeling that he was compelled under
the apparent mandatory character of the joint
resolution, made a contract with Dunbar for
his secret. He made a demand of $100,000,
but only $25,000 was agreed .to.be paid him.
A large portion of that sum has already been
paid,.and Dunbar is now traveling about the
country with officers of the Army in his train
as servants and attendants, assistant surgeons,
and liorse doctors, all at the public expense.
Now, I have endeavored to ascertain from
the acting chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations whether this appropriation of
§'25,000 is included in this $1,000,000. I am
told if it is anywhere it is in this paragraph of
the bill. Now, sir, I have the resolution of
Congress under which this proceeding was
originally taken. That resolution, which was
passed in 1866, declares that the amount must
be paid out of the fund already provided for
the purchase'of horses or general support of
the Army. According to that we cannot ap-
propriate one dollar for this purpose. Any
money, therefore, to be paid to Dunbar can
only be paid out of moneys already appro-
priated. And yet be-is being paid monthly;
fie is drawing from the public Treasury thou-
sands of dollars, and I am advised by those
who are judges of that subject that the man is
totally ignorant, that he knows nothing about
the diseases of horses' feet, and that he rather
perpetrates injury upon the poor animals than
produces any benefit to them. Under these
cricumstances, as we are now economising, or
as economy is ostensibly the profession of this
Congress, £ think we may as well save this
small item of $'25,000. Therefore I have offered
the amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I know nothing about this
Dunbar; I never heard his .name mentioned
before ; but it seems to me that an amendment
of this kind is rather a reflection upon the
Secretary of War than a thrust at Dunbar. It
implies, upon information which thegentleman
from New York furnishesupon his own respons-
ibility, that the Secretary of War—either Gen-
eral Grant when acting as such or Geueral
Schofield, who succeeded him—has made a
contract with a certain individual which he
ought not to have made and which is a corrupt
contract. Now, in that view of the case, 1
should be reluctant to vote anything of this
kind into the bill.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman is entirely in
error. The contract was made by General
Schofield in pursuance of the direction of a
joint resolution of Congress, and he is not to
blame at all. Congress is to blame.
Mr. BLAINE. Then, if the contract was
made by the Secretary of War under the
authority of a law of Congress, does the gen-
tleman propose to repudiate it?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir; but the joint resolu-
tion provided that the money should be paid to
Dunbar out of the existing appropriation, and
if that existing appropriation has now been
exhausted we should not put in any further
sum for this purpose..
Mr. BLAINE. On-that statement of the
case I have no objebtion to the amendment-
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York to modify his amend-
ment so as to read "provided that no sum not
specially appropriated for that purpose shall
be paid," &c.
Mr. WOOD. Thatissubstantially myamend-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No; the amendment of
the gentleman from New York covers only this
one clause of the bill. But suppose the amount
for this purpose should be smuggled in in some
other clause, or some military officers should
say they have some contingent fund out of
which it shall be paid? My amendment will
cover the whole bill.
Mr. WOOD. If the Committee on Appro-
priations will accept of that amendment I
have no objectionsto it.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
goes a little too far.' It might deprive the Sec-
retary of War of the power of paying some-
thing due out of existing appropriations.
There never has been any money specially
appropriated for this purposo, and yet this man
appears to have been employed under com-
petent authority.
Mr. WOOD. There is undoubtedly a legal
contract with Dunbar, but it was only appli-
cable to the appropriation existing at that
time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If that is the case the
Secretary of War should send an estimate of
what is needed and inform us what it is
wanted for. lie has no right to take money
out of some fund that we appropriate for some-
thing else and pay it to tins-veterinary' surgeon.
It may be that he should have the money, but
let the Secretary ask for it specially, as he does
for all other items. lam in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, but I
would be glad if h© would modify it so as to
make it cover t.lie whole bill and prevent this
being smuggled in iu any part of the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I doubt whether the object can
be reached in any more direct and proper man-
ner than by the amendment I have offered,
because I have named the individual, and that
covers the case.
Mr. SCOFIELD. So do I propose to name
him, by providing that no sum not specially
appropriated for that purpose shall be paid
to this man, naming him, as the gentleman
from New York does in his amendment. That
will apply to all the clauses of this bill and to
all other bills.
Mr. WOOD. I have examined the bill very
carefully, and I can find no other part of the
bill where such a provision would properly
apply.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman can add an
amendment at a subsequent part of the bill
which will apply to the whole bill. I hope he
will withdraw his amendment now and offer
it again after conference on the subject.
Mr. WOOD. I will withdraw the amend-
ment for the present, understanding that the
gentleman favors it.
The Clerk read the following clause :
For horses for cavalry and artillery, $500,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend that clause
by striking out "$500,000" and inserting
" $250,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For mileage, or the allowances made to officers of
the Aruiy for the transportation of themselves and
their baggage when traveling on duty without troops,
escorts, or supplies, $200,000.
Mr BLAINE. I move to amend this item
by reducing the amount from $200,000 to
$100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For transportation of the Army, including baggage
of the troops when moving either by land or water,
of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, from the
depots of Philadelphia, Cincinnati, and New York
to the several postfe and Array depots, and from those
depots to the. troops in the field, and of subsistence
stores from the places of purchase, and from the
places of delivery under contract, to such places as
the ciroumstanoes ofi the service may require them
to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores, andsuiau-
arms from the foundries and armories to the arse-
nals, fortifications, frontier posts, and Army depots;
freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriagos;thepurobase
and hire of horses, mules, oxoh, and harness, and
the purchase and repair of wagons; earts, and drays,
and of ships and other sea-going vessels and boats
required for the transportation of supplies, and for
garrison purposes; for drayage and cart,ago at the
several posts; hire of teamsters; transportation of
funds for tho pay and other disbursing departments;
the expense of sailing public transports on the va-
rious rivets, the (xulf of Mexico, and tho Atlantic
and Pacific; for procuring water atsuch posts as from
their situation require it to be brought from a dis-
tance ; and for clearing roads and removing obstruc-
tion.-:. from roads, harbors, and rivers to tho extent
which may bo required for the actual operation^ of
tho troops in the field, SB,500,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend this item
by reducing the amount from $8,500,000 to
$6,5&0,000.
Mr.- DELANO. I move' to' amend the
amendment so as to reduce the amount to
$1,500,000.
Mr. BLAINE. That is too low.
Mr, DELANO. I will give my reasons for
the amendment I have offered. I understand
that we appropriated last year in the Army
appropriation bill about thirty-three million
dollars. This bill as reported contains about
forty-three million dollars. ,Hle gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaise] tells me that by the
system of reduction he is proceeding with he
hopes to reduce the aggregate appropriations
for the Army this year tpthe sum appropriated
last year, $33,000,000. . , . •
Mr. BLAINE. A little less. .
Mr. DELANO. I have suggested to the
gentleman, and I wish to suggest to this com-
mittee, that if we are to ever attain any more
economical administration of the Government
it must be by reducing our appropriations. It
is always difficult to reduce expenses, for that
curtails comforts. It is like weaning children ;
they are apt to cry when the' means of living
are comparatively restricted and reduced. And
I expect to hear the different branches of the
service complain as we take away a little of
their means of subsistence and comfort. But
if we respect our constituents we must go on
with the process of reduction. I want .to see
our Army appropriation for this year some-
what below what it was last year. We will
never have a reduction of our expenditures
unless we reduce our appropriations, for if
we make large appropriations we may be sure
that they will all be consumed.
It will be observed that the gentleman from
Maine has already consented to a redaction of
$1,000,000, at the instance of the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wisdom,] beyond what
he had contemplated in his proposition to cut
the appropriations down to $33,000,000. If
we make no more reductions than he pro-
poses that amendment will bring the appro-
priation down to $32,000,000._ Now, 1 pro-
pose to the gentleman and to this committee to
reduce tho aggregate appropriations of this bill
to $30,000,000, and by adoptingthe amendment
I now propose we will have only $500,000 of re-
duction more tomaketo bringthegrossamount
appropriated by this bill down to $30,000,000,
and there are enough items in the bill to give
us the opportunity to do that.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 think the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Delano] is altogether too good a
statistician and economist to consider it good
policy to -set an arbitrary sum for the total of
appropriations and then proceed to cut down
the various items to fit it. The estimates for
this item of expenditure were $11,815,000.
Therefore it will be seen that my proposition
to cut it down to $6,500,000 is a vast reduction.
The appropriation bill of lust year contained an
appropriation of $5,000,000 for this purpose,
andlhm willing, without further discussion,
to niakothis item the same as last year if the
gentleman from Ohio will compromise on that
amount.
