THE CONGRESSIONAL
FORTIETH CONGRESS.
THIRD SESSION.
IN SENATE,
Monday, December 7, 1868.
This being the day designated by the Con-
stitution for the meeting of Congress, the
Senate assembled in its Chamber at twelve
o'clock m.
The PRESIDENT prqtempore of the Senate
(Hon. Benjamin F. Wade, of Ohio) called the
Senate to order.
senators present.
The following Senators were present: From
the State of
Maine—Hon. William Pitt Fessenden and
Hon. Lot M. Mo will.
New Hampshire—Hon. Aaron H. Cragin
and Hon. James W. Patterson.
Vermont—Hon. George F. Edmunds and
Hon. Justin S. Morrill.
Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. James Dixon.
New York—Hon. RoscoeConklingand Hon.
Edwin D. Morgan.
New Jersey—Hon. Alexander G. Cattell and
Hon. Frederick T. Frelinghuysen.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Simon Cameron.
Maryland—Hon. William P. Whyte.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Ben-
jamin F. Wade.
Indiana—Hon. Thomas A. Hendricks and
Hon. Oliver P. Morton.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull and Hon.
Richard Yates.
Kentucky—Hon. Garrett Davis and Hon.
Thomas C. McCreery.
Tennessee—Hon. Joseph S. Fowler and
Hon. David T. Patterson.
Missouri—Hon. Charles D. Drake.
Michigan—Bon. Zacbariah Chandler.
Wisconsin—Hon. Timothy O. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes and Hon.
James Harlan.
Minnesota—Hon. Daniel S. Norton and
Hon. Alexander Ramsey.
California—Hon. John Conness.
Oregon—Hon. Henry W. Corbett and Hon.
George H. Williams.
Kansas—Hon. Samuel C. Pomeroy and
Hon. Edmund G. Ross.
. West Virginia—Hon. Peter G. Van Winkle
and Hon. Waitman T. Willey.
Nevada—Hou. James W. Nye and Hon.
William M. Stewart.
Nebraska—Hon. John M. Ihayer.
Louisiana—Hon. John S. Harris and Hon.
William Pitt Kellogg.
Florida—Ron. 'fiiomas W. Osborn and
Hon. Adonijah S. Welch.
JrA-a s s—-Hon. Benjamin F. Rice.
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—Ko. 1.
South Carolina—Hon. Thomas J. Robert-
son.
Alabama—Hon. George E. Spencer and
Hon. Willard Warner.
PHAYER.
Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D., offered the follow-
ing prayer:
Glory, and honor, and power, and might,
and dominion be unto Thee, 0 God, Ruler
Supreme I We thank Thee for the distin-
guished blessings of Thy providence which
have been conferred upon us; for the abun-
dant harvests that have been garnered all over
our land; for health prevailing in our borders,
restraining the hand of the destroying angel
from raining down pestilence and plague upon
our cities and our coasts ; and for carrying our
country safely through another exciting ordeal
at the ballot-box; and that we have peace!
"We thank Thee, also, for the&lessings of the
Gospel; for a throne of grace, which is ever
accessible; for an open Bible, the charter of
liberty and the word of Life ; and for the
preaching of the glorious Gospel of the ever-
blessed God, with none to molest or make us
afraid.
We thank Thee that Thy servants, the Sen-
ators and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, have been protected and preserved
in their life and health, and now, by the
ordering of Thy good providence, have been
convened to answer to the roll-call of their
country. O Lord, we pray that they may bring
clear minds and true hearts to the great ques-
tions that may come before them for con-
sideration, and that they may be eminently
endowed with wisdom from on high, so that
the conclusions they reach, and the enact-
ments they make, may be such as to secure
the approval of God and the acquiescence of
the people.
We pray, O Lord, that thou wilt grant that
the affecting dispensations of Thy providence
and the public bereavements experienced dur-
ing the recess may be sanctified to the good
of us all, and we ask that though the work-
men die the work may go on; though men die
God lives ; and may Thy servants remember
that however high in official station they may
be man is mortal and death is no respecter of
persons.
We ask that Thy blessing may rest upon us
in all of our interests ana relations to each
other and to the Government and to the world.
Grant, we pray Thee, to bless the President
of the United States and his constitutional
advisers. May they so execute the laws of
the land that peace and quiet and order may
ensue. ,
And now we ask that the divine benediction
may descend upon all of our institutious and
interests as a people and a nation,_ and that
God will guide ana direct alt the affairs apper-
taining to this great people, that they may be
ordered in wisdom and in goodness, so as to
secure the welfare of the nation and promote
the glory of God.
Hear our prayer, forgive oar sins, accept
our persons and our service;' and when we
have accomplished our work, and fulfilled our
mission here upon the earth, save us with an
everlasting salvation, through Jesus Christ,
our Lord. Amen.
ORGANIZATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
for the assembling of the third session of the .
Fortieth Oongrfess having arrived, the Senate \
will please come to order.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered. That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that a anorum of the Senate has
assembled, and that the Senate is ready to proceed to
business.
hour of meeting.
L
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the. hour of the daily meeting of the
Senate be twelve o'clock meridian until otherwise
ordered.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksost, its Clerk, announced
that a quorum of the House had assembled and
was ready to proceed to business.
The message also announced that the House
had appointed Mr. E. B. W vSHiitMEof Illinois,
Mr. J. A. Garfield of Ohio, and Mr. James
Brooks of NewYork,acommitteeto join such
committee as may be appointed on the part of
the Senate to wait on the President of the united
States and inform him that a quorum of the two
Houses is in session and ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make.
notification to the president.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Besohed, That a committee consisting oftweonera-
bers be appointed, to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President of the United States and inform
him that a quorum of each House has assembled, and
that Congress is ready to receive any communication
he may be pleased to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore being au-
thorized to«appoint the committee, Messrs.
Dixox and Hendricks were appoiuted.
CREDENTIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore^presented the
credentials of Hon. George F- Edmunds,
elected by the Legislature of Vermont a Sena-
tor from that State for the term of six years,
beginning March 4, 1809; which were read,
ana ordered to be filed.
senator fkom georgia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will also lay before the Senate a commu niea-
tiou from the Governor of Georgia.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President—- ,
