THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
""•Mr. LOGA'fJi. I am gladtoknowit. will
wHMfaW^toy-iam^ridlnent. !" ■ !
i 'M¥.< BURLEIGH. I move to 'strike out this
elfcu&fe andinsertin lieu the following: *
"SPbr'amiiitary survey tif the mineral resources of
tkecoaofcTy, $500,000., • ■ . '
The CHAIR-MAN.   The question will be
first upon amendments to perfect the clause.
• The question wasthewtakenupontheamend-
ment of Mr. SooHEUVto reduce the appropri-
ation from $200,000 to $50,000; and upon a
division.there were—ayes 55, noes 44; no quo-
rum voting. '
■ Tellers were brdered; and Mr! Blaise and
Mr. Bi.dmdge were appointed.
i The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes &7, noes 64.
. So the amendment was not agreed to. '
The question was then taken upontheamend-
ment of-Mr* Burleigh ; and-it was not agreed to.
-. Mr. LOGAN. I would suggest'to the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] that the lan-
guage of this clause should be changed in order
to avoid a misapplication of the appropriation.
I would suggest that it be changed so as to
read "for a military survey of the country,"
instead of "for surveys for military defenses."
• Mr. BLAINE. I have no objection to that
Orange; it is merely verbal.
Mr. LOGAN. " For a military survey of
the country"—whatever country it may refer
to'; I do not know what.
- Mr. BLAINE. Make it '(for military sur-
veys."
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, [will accept that.
: The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Looajt.
Mr. S00FIELD. I think this language is
broad enough as it is.' It is designed, no doubt,
to accomplish a similar purpose to that which
was sought to be accomplished by the old jus-
tice of tiie peace. He could not, when applied
to, find a form for a search-warrant to look for
a cow. So he gave the man a search-warrant
to look for a turkey, and told him that while
he was looking for a turkey he might find his
cow. [Lasrghter.] This is what they design
to do now—to find railroad passes, good min-
eral lands, and all that sort of thing, under
pretense of locating military posts. We have
hud enough of this. If in this appropriation
we employ language which will authorize en-
tering upon this work we shall commence an
expenditure which will require $1,000,000 to
cover it in the future. I know the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] does not intend
that; he meant just the reverse; but I think
such will be the effect.
Mr. LOGAN. My reason for suggesting a
modification of the language is that we may
not deceive ourselves. If we make tin appro-
priation of $200,000 for " military surveys for
defenses of the country" it will be, in my
judgment, a very extravagant appropriation
ior that purpose. Hence 1 desire to make it
read "for military surveys of the country."
Ood Almighty has surveyed the Rocky mount-
ains for military defenses without the aid of
any engineers, and it is nonsense to speak of
a military survey of the Rocky mountains for
defenses.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A " military survey," it
has occurred to me, would imply the employ-
ment of the engineer corps of the Army for
any kind of surveys. If we say " for defenses,"
it is a limitation.
The amendment of Mr. Logast was not
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend by
striking outthe pending paragraph. Mr. Chair-
man, it does occur to me that $200,000 is a
great deal of money to expend at the present
^0r a m^tary survey of the country for
defenses. All the officers of th e engineer depart-
ment of the Army receive their regular salaries.
No special appropriation can be reauired to
pay them for making surveys. The object of
this appropriation must be to pay for extra
expenses in making these surveys. "Now, what
surveys are needed?
Mtv'SCOPIEM). Railroad shi'veys.
• Mf/-f A'RNSWORTH, Do we tieed a sur-
?6y for defenses on our coast against foreign
foes-o'r surveys for defenses fegainst-the In-
dians? I am not aware rthat any'morg 'forts
are projected as defense® agarnst-tlie Indians.
I believe the polFey now is' to defend against
the Indians by making- appropriations.for
building railroads r&ther than by erecting forts.'
Now, it does strike me that this estimate is
very nauch like a "great many others coming
from the War Department, which are the «iere
guess-work of some subordinates, passed 'Wp
from office to office till they reach the head of
the Department, by whom they are sent to the
Committee on Appropriations. I kiiow that
is the way we used to get estimates when I was
on that committee. When we called beforeius
officers of the Army for the purpose of getting
the reasons which had controlled them in
making these estimates we found they had none;
they would refer us back to some subordinate.
It does strike me that at this juncture, when
we are trying to reduce the expenditures of
the Government to the lowest possible figure,
we might dispense with this appropriation of
$200,000 for surveys with a view to construct-
ing new military defenses. I believe we have
had surveys enough to make all the defenses
we need tomake during the-coming year. I
hope the committee will agree to my motion to
strike out the paragraph.
Mr. BLAINB. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to.
On the amendment of Mr. Farnsworth, to
strike outthe paragraph, there were—ayes66,
noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
, Mr. BLAINB. I notify gentlemen that I
shall call for a vote in the House on this
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope you will.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we are going to have a
vote in the House had we not better fix the
amount at $50,000?
Mr. BLAINB. Rather than fix $50,000, it
had better bo struck out altogether.
The CHAIRMAN. There is-no question
before the committee.
The Clerk read as follows :
For repairs and improvements of armories and
arsenals:
For arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illinois,
$1,000,000: P)-oviiled, That one half of this amount
shall bo applied to the construction of the bridge
oonneeting Kook Island with the cities of Rook Is-
land and -Davenport.
Mr. FERRISS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all after the words "llock Island, Illi-
nois,"and inserting "$50,000 ;" so as to make
the paragraph read: "For arsenal and armory
at Rock Island, Illinois, $50,000."
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order
on the proviso.
Mr. BLAINB. It has been estimated for
in that form.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point tbat this
is independent legislation and not provided for
by existing law. I do not know how the facts
are.
Mr. BLAINE. I will tell the gentleman
that it has been regularly estimated for under
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New Hampshire will state the grounds on
which he bases his point of order.
Mr. SCOF1BLD. I will inform the gentle-
man from New Hampshire that I looked into
this subject with a view of raising the same
point of order. I found that the act of July
20, 1868, authorized this bridge, and goes into
detail how the bridge is to be built, by whom,
&c., and the amount it shall cost eventually.
I intended to make a point myself, but finding
this law on the subject, I came to the conclusion
that the provision could not be ruled out on
that ground.
Mr. STEVENS. As the gentleman says
that the point of order is not well taken I will
withdraw it.
' Mr. SCOFIELD. I do_ not say that, but I
state the conclusion to which I came,
• BLAINE. ' This has been regularly
provided for in- the -estimates -under existing
law. • - -
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my point of
order.
"Mr, FERRISS.'' ' Mr. Chaitrfian, I make
this motion for the purpose of'obtaining some
inforihation in regard to what I consider a
most' &3ftraordiflftry appropriation. I regret
very much that the gentleman frota Illinois,
[Mf."W-ASHBOi«SPli,]''the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, is not present at this
time. He is the great champion of reform
and retrenchment, 'and, as I understand it, this
appropriation is for a work in his congres-
sional district. ITere is aa appropriation of
$1,000,000"for repairs and improvements of
the arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illi-
nois, one half the sum for that purpose, and the
other half for the construction of a bridge con-
necting Rock Island with the cities of Rock
Island and Davenport. Now, sir. we have in the
direction of retrenchment been curtailing and
stopping purchases of all kinds of arms, and why
we should appropriate this extraordinary sum
in a time of peace, and with no prospect of
war, and at a time too when we can ill afford
it, for the construction of an armory and ar-
senal at this point I am unable to determine.
I sheuld be glad if some gentleman would give
us some satisfactory reason for appropriating
so large a sum of money at this time for this
work.'
Mr. PRICE. I am very glad, Mr. Chair-
man, that the gentleman from New York has
asked for information on this subject, and has
Stated that as the only object h<j had in view
in moving the atoendment. Before I proceed
I wish to express-my regret that the gentleman
from Illinois, the chairman of the Committee
of Appropriations is not present. He is known
to be in favor of economy, and he is in favor
of this appropriation, and I am sure could give
reasons for it which would be entirety satisfac-
tory to the House.
Several Members. Is not the appropriation
for a work in his own district?
Mr. PRICE. Rock Island is not in the
Galena District, but is in the district of his
colleague, [Mr. Harding.]
I now propose to give briefly a history of this
whole transaction. In July, 1862, an act passed
here in reference to that island. Immediately
following that, on the 19th of April,1864, Con-
gress passed an act taking possession of Rock
Island for military purposes. That act pro-
vided that they should only take possession of
that part of the property which had passed
into the hands of private parties. On the 27th
of June, 1866, an additional act was passed in
reference to the matter of getting to and from
that island. On the 7th of March, 1867, an
appropriation was made of $200,000 for the
construction of a bridge by which the Govern-
ment could get to and from the island. That
act of 1807 was considered defective, because
it did not sufficiently protect the Government,
and on the 20th of last July Congress passed
a joint resolution explaining at length the pro-
visions of the other law and guarding every
possible point with a view to the protection of
the Government, so that therailroad company
which now occupies* part of that island was
compelled to remove to another place. It was
also provided that when this bridge was con-
structed the railroad company should pay half
of the cost of the structure.
Instead of this being an extravagant expend-
iture it saves to the Government four or five
hundred thousand dollars that it would have
to pay if it had to build that bridge at its own
cost and charge. These, in short, are the
facts connected with the matter and its posi-
tion as it stands to-day.
This appropriation has been cut down by the
committee more than one third from what the
Secretary of War asks for the construction
of the bridge and the improvement of the
