THE
February 2T,
California^. [Mr. Higby,] consisting 'of fear
members of the House of Representatives and
three members , of the Senate of the United
States. They divided up the Indian country
and traveled nearly all over it. They took tes-
timony of Indians inevery part of that coun-
iry; they thoroughly investigated this ques-
tion, for they were sent out by the House and
Senate fof the express purpose of investigating
it; and when they came back they made the
report referred to by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia. And to addition to that let me say that
there is not one of that commission who is not
to-night in favor of the policy advocated by
the gentleman from California and myself. Of
the members of the two commissions, the one
sent out in 1865 and the one sent out in 1868,
there is not a dissenting voice on that propo-
sition. And yet in the face of all this testi-
mony, in the face of this high military author-
ity, we are called upon to violate our treaty
faith.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of the gentle-
man from Dakota [Mr. Burleigh] has expired.
Mr. WINDOM. Well, I hope we will now
hear from the transfer of the Indian Bureau.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to call the
attention of this Committee of the Whole to
some of the startling facts developed in the
bill now under consideration. I have aggre-
gated the figures as furnished by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations and I call special atten-
tion to them.
At the commencement of this session tho
Secretary of the Interior, with all the Indian
treaties then in existence before him, sent in
estimates for appropriations for Indian pur-
poses. The total amount of appropriations
asked for in his estimates was $2,977,982, or
$2,018 less than $3,000,000.
The Committee of Appropriations and the
House of Representatives went over the whole
subject and cut down the amount of the esti-
mates about six hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, so that the bill as it passed the
the House granted $2,312,000 for Indian pur-
poses. Now what has happened? The Sen-
ate sends the bill back to us with an addition
of S4,841,8i)7. In other words, the total ap-
propriations for Indian purposes as the Senate
have returned the bill tj us are $6,654,000; 1
whereas less than ยง3,000,000 was asked tor by j
the Secretary of the Interior for all Indian i
purposes, and less than $2,313,000 was granted
by the House in the bill which we sent to the
Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I prefer not to be inter-
rupted until I have finished my statement, then
I will yield for explanations or questions.
Now, I call the attention of members to this
startling fact, that the bill before us proposes
to appropriate more than twice as much money
as the Secretary of the Interior ever asked us
to give him for Indian purposes and nearly
three times as much as we granted. And on
what grounds ? Why, we are told that treaties
have been made with the Indians. When? A
bundle of these treaties are lying before us
and I have not yet found one that bears date
later than August, 1868. There may be later
ones, but I have not seen them. Ail the pro-
visions of these treaties were known to the
Secretary of the Interior long before the
commencement of this session of Congress.
Now, has anything new transpired since we
debated this bill in the House a few weeks
ago? Have any new necessities arisen? "The
treaties," it is said. But I am told these trea-
ties are old, and since then events have oc-
curred in the Indian country which have made
them a stench in the nostrils of the American
people. What are they ? I have been exam-
ining them hastily and I am authorized by that
examination to say that nearly one half of all
the Indians whom the Senate proposes now to
feed and clothe under these sacred treaties of
which gentlemen talk have made war upon us
since the treaties were made, and have thus
broken the last thread of binding authority
that the treaties possess. I have here a long
list of the names of tribes with whom, we have
been fighting. It is now proposed, without
peace made, withont reconciliation, to pay the
treasure of the United States into the hands of
these warriors who fight ns in summer and ask
us to feed them in winter.
Mr. WINDOM. Beforethegentlemanleaves
the point to which he has just referred I wish
to ask him whether he asks this House to believe
that all the Indians with whom treaties have
been made are at war with us?
Mr. GARFIELD. I said nearly one half.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman inform
the House what tribes with which we have
made treaties are now at war with us ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will name some of them.
The southern band of Cheyennes and Arapa-
hoes, the bands of the Ogallalla and Brul6
Sioux, led by eliiefs whose names are beyond
the range of my vocabulary 
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot yield further.
I must finish my statement.
I hold in my hand one of these treaties as a
specimen of the lot. It is a treaty with the
northern Cheyennes and northern Arapahoes,
both of which tribes we have been fighting,
because they began war upon us; and they are
fighting to-day, I believe.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman yield
at this point for a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not now. I want to call
attention to the provisions of this treaty. Ac-
cording to the sixth article we are bound for
the next thirty years to hunt up every male
Indian at the age of fourteen and from that
time forward for thirty years, and in September
of each year we must deliver to that roaming,
wild male Indian, what will be a mysterious
outfit to many of them, a coat, a hat, a pair
of pantaloons, a flannel shirt, and a pair of
woolen socks. [Laughter.] If we are fortunate
enough to catch this wild man of the desert
and can get these unmentionable articles upon
him, we shall then have performed that part
of our treaty stipulations. But at any rate the
articles are all to be purchased and sent out
there; and the estimates of their cost, &c.,
must be made up by the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs.
But more than that: we are not to satisfy
ourselves, with hunting Indian boys ; a chase
must aiso be after the fairer sex of that dusky
race. Whenever an Indian girl reaches the
age of twelve years, the paternal Government,
through this Indian Bureau, is to seek her out
and deliver over for her sole use and benefit
the following named articles : a flannel skirt or
the goods necessary to make it, a pair of woolen
hose, twelve yards of calico, and twelve yards
of cotton domestic. And then for the boys
and girls under the ages named, we are to fur-
nish such flannel and cotton goods as may be
needed to make each a suit as aforesaid, to-
gether with a pair of woolen socks for each :
"And in orderthatthe Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairsroay be able to estimate properly for the articles
herein named, it shall be the duty of the agent each
your to forward him a full and exact census of the
Indians, cm which the estimates from year to year
can be made."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. With the
gentleman's permission I would state a single
fact. There is no evidence of any census hav-
ing yet been taken on which these appropria-
tions are made except of one tribe.
Mr. GARFIELD. Wethinkourselveshappy
if the white men of this country can have a
census taken once in ten years, but under these
treaties we are compelled to take a census of
these Indian tribes every year as the basis upon
which these appropriations are to be made.
Now, in the letter which I presented a few
weeks ago in reference to this very matter of
taking a census of the Indian tribes it was
stated by an officer of high standing that there
had been a band of Indians in the Washita
country estimated for and paid by the Govern-
ment as numbering from six to eight thousand,
when from his own knowledge they had never
reached in any one year a higher number than
twenty-five hundred. That is the way the In-
dian census is likely to be taken. A gentleman
near me states that but one census of but one
tribe of Indians has ever yet been properly
taken.
But this is not all. When you have caught
these Indians and imposed trousers upon tiu-m
and given them each twelve yards of domestic
and made all the other comfortable arrange-
ments contemplated in the treaties you have
not yet completed your work. The sixth arti-
cle goes on to declare that in addition to the
clothing herein named the sura of ten dollars
shall be appropriated annually for any Indian
who maybe " roaming." If these gay savages
of the western plains shall see fit to go " roam-
ing" they are to have ten dollars each in addi-
tion to the articles before mentioned. If you
can catch him he is still to have ten dollars for
"roaming." If any of them shall conclude
" no longer to roam," but to settle down some-
where and devote himself to Georgics and
Bucolics, they shall have twenty dollars each
for thirty years to come.
These are the hospitable arrangements which
have been made for the convenience of sav-
ages who have massacred in cold blood the
defenseless women and children of our white
emigrant parties. This is to be the reward of
those who danced around the mangled bodies
of Forsyth's heroic little band. The murderer
of Lieutenant Beeeher will be permitted by this
bill to take out of the United States Treasury
his portion of the money which we are now
asked to appropriate to keep a treaty made
with him before he went to war.
Mr. WINDOM. Not one dollar is to go to
that tribe of Indians.
Mr. GARFIELD. Why, say these gentle-
men, treaties are sacred, and must be respected!
Mr. WINDOM. I am sure the gentleman
does not mean to misrepresent the facts; and
he will let me say that not one dollar will go to
the tribe of Indians to which he has referred.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not yield. A laige
number of gentlemen were unwilling to recog-
nize the Alaska treaty after it had been solemnly
ratified by the Senate. They did not hold them-
selves bound by the treaty. Some of us, on
the contrary, felt a mora! obligation in view of
the fact that we had treated with a great and
friendly Power to pay the money, although we
did it with much reluctance. Many of the same
men who were vehement in their denunciation
of the Alaska treaty, and who stood by the Treas-
ury with heroic virtue, now shudder with horror
at the idea of breaking faith with these Indians.
If there is anything in our policy more absurd
than the rest it is the getting up these solemn
farces of entering into treaty stipulations with
these roving bands of savage Indians and treat-
ing them as nations, the majesty of this Re-
public stooping to send out embassadors to sit
in council with painted savages, our wards, and
make solemn treaties as though we were treat-
j ing with sovereign nations! That is the feast
to which we are invited. This new batch of
treaties is brought in and we are asked to bind
ourselves to make heavy appropriations for
thirty years to come. Then we have thrown
in appropriations for old State claims as if for
the purpose of catching votes. Here is a pro-
vision for the payment of a little claim to the
State of Iowa:
To supply deficiency of appropriation to pay for
depredations committed by Indians in northwestern
Iowa in the year 1857, $10,906 34.
But this does not say to whem it is to be paid.
It appears to be a little sop thrown to Iowa,
and of course it is expected that the delega-
tion from Iowa will defend the claims of tin ir
State. I have no fear that they will be caught
by this device 
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman ought to know
from reading that that it does not go to Indians,
but to white men whose families have been
destroyed and whose property has been taken.
Mr. GARFIELD. I find on the next page a
nice little sop to the State of Minnesota. In
addition to the $117,000 paid to that State the
