1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®,
a
The Secretary read as follows:
To the Congress of the United States :
Having, as provisional governor-elect, under the
reconstruction acts, been authorized by an act to
admit the States of North Carolina, South Carolina,
Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to rep-
resentation in Congress, which act became a law
June25,1868, to convene the provisional Legislature
of Georgia; and having by proclamation, under date
June 25,1868,.acted upon that authority; and hav-
ing, on the fourth day of July, 1868, been appointed
provisional governor of Georgia by Major General
George G. Meade, commanding the third military
district, under and by virtu© of the power vested in
him by the reconstruction acts, I deem it my official
duty to represent to your honorable body that the
laws under which the State of Georgia was to have
been admitted to representation in Congress have
not been fully executed, and to present for your
consideration the reasons which lead me to this
conclusion.
By section six of an act for the more efficient gov-
ernment ot the rebel States, among which States is
enumerated the State of Georgia, it is provided that
" until the people of said rebellious States shall be
by law admitted to representation in Congress, any
civil government which may exist therein shall be
deemed provisional only." The government of the
State has therefore been, and must continue to be,
provisional until the conditions required by the act
which became a law June 25,1868, shall have been
complied with by a Legislature organized in accord-
ance with the reconstruction acts previously adopted.
By section ten of thesupplementary reconstruction
act passed July 19,1867, it is required that " all per-
sons hereafter elected0 * * * * "to
office in said military districts" * * * *
"shall be required to take and subscribe the oath of
office prescribed by law for officers of the United
States."
The government having been provisional at the
time of the assembling of the Legislature referred
to, the law therefore required that such persons only
as were eligible under the reconstruction acts should
be permitted to participate in the necessary provis-
ional legislation precedent to recognition as a State.
The fact, however, is that all the candidates for the
General Assembly who bad received thehighestnum-
bcr of votes were, without regard ti) their eligibility
under the law, permitted to take seats in the pro-
visional legislative body, and to participate in the
organization and the legislation thereof, having first
been simply invited to take an oath prescribed in the
new constitution, which constitution had notat that
time become, and under the law could not then be,
of force.
The result of this failure to execute the law has
been a defeat of the purposes which Congress had m
view when passing the acts, these purposes having
been the establishment of a loyal and republican
State government affording adequate protection for
lite and property, the maintenance of peaceand good
order, and. the free expression of political opinion.
The wise discernment displayed by Congress, in
requiring by its legislation that none but those who
were loyal should participate in the establishment
of a provisional government which was thereafter to
be clothed with the rights and immunities of a State
in the Union, charged with the care and protection
of the lives and property and the civil and political
rights of its citizens, is made the more apparent by
the consequences which have ensued from this fail-
ure in the enforcement of that legislation.
I would, therefore, respectfully invite the atten-
tion of your honorable body to this subject, and ask
thatsuch steps be taken as may to youseem wise and
proper for the obtaining of lull information m re-
lation thereto, and to the end that loyalty may be
protected and promoted by the enforcement ot the
canVeopfo011 ^""llUEUS B.BULLOCK?'
By the Governor: EUGENE DAVIS,
Executive Secretary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the com-
munication of Govern or Bullock does not really
raise ariy question as to the eligibility of Mr.
Hill. The Senator-elect appears here with a
commission issued by G-overnor Bullock in t,lie
ordinary form, showing his election by the Le-
gislature ; and he was elected before any of
the questions arose about which this contro-
versy occurs. Senators ought to remember the
dates. Mr. Hill was unquestionably elected by
a majority of all tbe members of the Legisla-
ture when every one claiming a seat was pres-
ent. and no one was excluded from among those
flr-i-ted. They took the oath prescribed by the
constitution of the State. Congress had pre-
viously sanctioned the constitution of the State
of Georgia bv a joint resolution which was
passed at the "closing period of the session in
,tulv. So that every act, every condition, every
qualification, every restriction imposed and
demanded bv Congress was complied with by
the Legislature ot Georgia until alter they
elected Senators of the United States. Tnen
it was that the controversy arose as to the
right of the colored senators and members ot
that Legislature to hold their seats, i hen it
was that in violation of the constitution ot tbs
State of Georgia, in violation of the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
the majority of that Legislature excluded from
their body a portion of the senators and rep-
resentatives ; but this conduct was subsequent
to the complete election of the Senator-elect.
As 1 am authorized to say by him, for he is not
allowed to speak for himself, -he disapproves
of this highly, and hopes through the powers
conferred by the constitutional amendment
itself to be able to prescribe a remedy that will
not only prevent Georgia but any other State
from adopting a like course in violation of the
constitutional amendment. 1 trust, therefore,
that the Senator under the circumstances will
be allowed to take the oath of office, and that
if any question be made his credentials maybe
referred afterwards. That is the usual course.
I have said that the members of the Legis-
lature elected took the oath of office prescribed
by the constitution of the State. Whether they
committed perjury or not is hardly proper for
us in the Senate to examine or inquire into.
Certainly it would be a very extraordinary thing
forthe Senate to inquire into the action ot mem-
bers of the State Legislature in that respect,
especially when all who were elected and
claimed to be elected were sworn into office,
and when a controversy as to the eligibility ot
three or four Senators or members would not
have affected this election in the least.
Mr. WILSON, ilr. President, I desire to
present and have read to the Senate a memo-
rial of a convention of the colored citizens of
Georgia assembled in that State at Macon, ou
the (Sth, 7th, and 8th of October, which is
signed by Mr. H. M.Turner, thepresidentofthe
convention, and James Porter, secretary, and
is submitted by a committee appointed by the
convention, consisting of James M. Sinims,
Henry M. Turner, and John 'i. Costiu. 1 ask
that this memorial be received and read tor
the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDEN f pro tempore. • The me-
morial will be read if there be no objection?
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ainemorial addressed to the Congress of the United
States of America in behalf ot the colored population
ot the State of Georgia by their representatives as-
sembled ill convention at Macon, October G, 7, ana
8, A. IX 1868 :
To the Senate and Bouse of Represent atives of the United
States of America in Congress assembled:
We, the representatives of nearly one hundred
thousand of the legal voters of the State of (jeorgia,
and nearly five hundred thousand inhabitants tneruoi,
assembled in a convention called to consider our con-
dition as a people in view of the late action or tae
General Assembly of said State, in expelling there-
from twenty-nine colored members ot that body who
had been duly elected to their seats by legal majori-
ties of their respective districts and counties, and
after taking the samo into due and solemn consid-
eration, beg leave most humbly and respectfully to
submit this our memorial to your honorable body:
Your memorialists beg leave most respeetmlly to
show that the colored members of the Legislature oi
this State were not expelled therefrom lor any lautt
ot theirs, for any illegality or fraud m their election,
or for any alleged incompetency according to the
constitution and laws, but solely on the ground tiiat
they were free persons ot color, and as such not eligi-
ble to their seats. , , .
* our memorialists would further show that their
expulsion tor the cause alleged is utterly repugnant
to the constitution and laws ot this State, inconsist-
ent with the whole series of acts under which the
State has been permitted to resume her place in> tne
federal Union, subversive ot alt the
have been guarantied to us under the Constitution
and laws ot the Unu ed btates, and of this btate, and
so revolutionary in its character as to demand addi-
tional legislation on the part of Congress in order to
maintain thomtegrity ot the reconstructed Sta.o gov-
ermuent, and save our race honiopproi'Sion and rum.
/<Vsf. it is utterly repugnant to the constitution
anid Thebwords'"^white"and "colored" do not occur
in the new constitution of the State ot fcreorgia.j-"®
instiument was framed with cautious reference to
this subject of racc and color so as to avoid any dis-
tinctions on that ground and secure equal civil and
political rnhts to all classes oi persons according! j.
2 The convention which trained too constitution
defined the term '" citizens" in the toHowiug
"Alt persons bom oi naturalized in U L u.. i
States and resident in this State are hereby dedal s,d
citizens of this State." (.Art. X, sec. -.J , f ..
3. The rights of such are guarantiou in tneiojow
ing clauses; „ . , . ,
"And no laws shall be made or enforced which
ouii abridge the privileges or immunities ol citizens
of tho United States, or of this State, or d<
person within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of its laws." (Art. I, sec. 2.)
. We hold that the expulsion of any member of the
Legislature duly elected, and otherwise properly
qualified. solely on the ground of race or color, is iff
abridgm&nt of the privileges and immunities of the
citizen. ' ' „
4. The Legislature, is bound to "go farther and
enact adequate laws' for pur protection ; '
"And it shall be the dirty of the General Assem-
bly , by appropriate legislation, to protect every per-
son in the due enjoymeh't of the rights, privileges^
and immunities guarantied in this s'^ctfon. (Art. I,
sec. 2.) ' .
This section did not constitute its citizens of the
United States. We were made suehrby the \civi{
rights bill" passed by the Thirty-Ninth Coafinr^ssi
Butas soon as our new constitution Was ratified and
the General -Assembly adopted the Constitutional
amendment known as tbe fourteenth aTtiele, we'be-
carne citizens of the Stale of Georgia, and as such
entitled to the same "rights,"privileges, and immu-
nities belonging to other citizens, for tho constitution
makes no difference on the score of color.
5. The electoral right is expressed as follows:
**isJveiy maleperson born in the United States, and
every male person who has been naturalized or who
has legallydeclared his intention to become a citizen
ot tho United States, twenty-one years or upwards,
who shall have resided in this State six montus pre-
ceding the election, and shall have resided thirty
days in the county in which he oilers to vote, and
shall have paid all taxes which may htfve been re-
quired of him, and which he mayhaVe had an oppor-
tunity of paying agreeably to law for the year next
preceding the election (except as hereinafter pro-
vided) shall be deemed an elector: and every male
citizen of the United States, of the age aforesaid,
(except as hereinafter provided,) who may be resi-
dent of the State at the time of the adoption of this
constitution, shall be deemed an elector as afore-
said. (Art. II, Sec. 2.)
The exceptions provided for in the article relate to
soldiers and sailors m the military and naval ser vice
of the United States who may be stationed on duty
in this State, to persons convicted ot certain ofiense's,
and to idiots and insane persons. No one is disquali-
fied on the ground of race, color, or previous courti-
er The same may be said of the members of tho
General Assembly. They'are not ineligible on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition. 'lb.cy are
required, in the case of senators, to be ttfenty-five
years ot age, citizens of the United States ; and after
the first election under the^iew constitution oitizeas
of th'ia State for two years, and of the districts troin
which elected one year; and in the case ol iiopro?
sentatives twenty-one years of age, who, after tho
first election, must be citizens of tile State one year,
and lor six months residents of the counties from
which elected. (See art. ill, see. 2, par, 2. Also, sec.
3 and par. 3.)
7. Neither senators nor representatives were re-
quired to be citizens ofthis Stateatthefirst election,
lor it was supposed the colored voteis were not *ui-
zens of Georgia at that time, that they could notbe
citizens of the State until the constitution wmcU
made them such was adopted. It became necessary,
therefore, to provide lor their eligibility to member-
ship in the first General Assembly held under tho
new constitution. This was done in an ordinance
adopted by the convention. That ordinauce pro-
vided that the members should be \ inhabitants ot
the State six months, and ot the district and coun-
ties from which elected three months, ihe^woru
" inhabitants" was used purposely instead ot co-
zens." When tho resolution instructing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to bring in the ordinance
was under discussion a motion was made to strike
out "inhabitants" and insert "citizens,' but the
motion was lost by a vote of forty-four tor and sixty-
three againstit. (See journal oi the convention, pp.
3Si, m, 473.)
8. The eleventh article of the constitution adopted,
as a part of toe geueral laws in force in this State,
the new code called '"Irwin's code. ' Thiscode con-
tains the loiiowing definition of the rights ot citi-
■ ZU"s'ec. 1648. Among the rights of citizens are the
enjoyment ot personal security, of personal liberty,
private property and the disposition thereof, tho
elective franchise, the right to hold otfice, to appeal
to the courts, to testify as a witness, t.o pertorm any
civil Junction, and to keep and bear arms. „
** Sec. 1649. All citizens are entitled to exercise all
their rights as such unless specially prohibited by
law."
The laws prohibit persons who may be convicted
of certain offenses, and insane persons and ictiots,
from holding office or performing any civil 1 unc-
tion; but they do not prohibit any one on account
of his color. Alt laws which are inconsistent with
the new constitution arc repealed in the eleventn
aiTheso references to the different parts of the new
constitution and to the laws now in force in this
State are sufficient, we trust, to satisfy your honora-
ble body that the expulsion of the colored members
was eutirely repugnant to our constitution and laws.
Second. It is inconsistent with the entire series oi
acts under the operation of which the State to been
permitted toresume her place in thenational union.
The colored men of this State did not at first aspire
to political positions. They were content witu tno
hbertv which God, a beneficent Government, and a
loyal Army had bestowed upon them, and with tnc
protection to person and property whiph ha<1
guarantied them in the, civil rights billT
by long continued servitude and degraded by iabo
ranee," they knew they were not m the aggregate
fitted for official stations; but their famerowners
were obstinate, resisting every
tended to tho elevation and uaprovennjntof oar i ace.
