iras
TBS CGNGEESSIQ&AL GLOB1.
Februaiyi-f 4
near as much about.thelndians &  these gen-
tlemen seem to know. I.was oat there per-
forming A very small parfrin an Indian war—
not an Indian war either, beeause there was no
war; but we were out on Ihe frontiers, and
ones in a while we had a fight with the Indi-
ans ; sometimes we whipped them, sometimes
they whipped us. But in all my service in that
country I never saw a Comanche who I would
trust with a yoke of oxen, expecting him to
work them.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Did you ever find one
who would trust you with a yoke of $xen?
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Of course not, and I would
not have them do so. Now let me tell Mr.
Bcrleigh exactly what would happen in this
case. He will go out there for the purpose of
delivering these oxen. He is a very honest
man no doubt, but he is also a very wealthy
man. Having gone out there at a time when
land could be very easily got, he owns about
ninety thousand acres of land in that country ;
perhaps more, not less. Being a very wealthy
man he of course does not want to make any-
thing off of the Indians. But I will tell you
who will make off of them. One of the gen-
tlemen perhaps that will furnish to the Indian
agents a great many yoke of oxen, a great
many cows, a great many pairs of pantaloons,
a great many eoats, a great many stove-pipe
hats. Now, whata beautiful sight it would be
to see an Indian walking aboutwearing a stove-
pipe hat before he has got on his breeches,
[laughter] the stove-pipe hat having been fur-
nished to him by this gentleman from the Ter-
ritory of Dakota. The next day another gen-
tleman—no kin of course to the Indian agent
—comes along and offers the fellow a tin cup
for his hat. The Indian will of course prefer
to have the tin cup, for he knows what use to
make of that, but a hat he never wore in his
life and he has no use for it. He sells his hat
for a tin cup worth about five cents. From
another boy this gentleman buys his yoke of
oxen for a little pony worth about ten dollars,
and from another he buys his breeches for a
bow and arrow.
Mr. BURLEIGH. How would a white man
get a bow and arrow ?
Mr. LOGAN. Why, a man whohas lived so
long among the Indians as the gentleman from
Dakota [Mr Burleigh] has ought to be able
to make a bow and arrow. If not, he has learned
but little by being there. [Laughter.]
Now, it does strike me that these Indian
treaties are most ridiculous things to be advo-
cated by sensible men. Yet we are asked to
appropriate money to buy for these Indians
stove-pipe hats, woolen stockings, red flannel
shirts, &c. Red flannel shirts are agood thing
for the Indians to have. I think they would
like them. I once saw a red flannel shirt pre-
sented to an Indian down in the mountainous
region close to where the gentleman from Cali-
fornia resides. What did the Indian do with
it? He went home, of course, and put it on.
He came back with the shirt on. And how had
he it on ? He had torn it all into little strips
about three quarters of an inch wide ; he had
tied a part of them around his leg3 just above
the knees ; another part he had tied to the tuft
of hair on his head; he had tied three or four
around each arm, and the remainder were
flowing down behind like great long feathers.
[Laughter.] That was the way he preferred to
wear a shirt. He undoubtedly looked very
handsome; he was magnificently decorated,
resembling in appearance one of these Friesland
chickens, though not having quite so many
feathers.
In that way will be expended the money we
are now asked to appropriate. I do not think
we ought to be asked to make any such appro-
priation. At least 1 am not willing to vote for
^ gentlemen will show that the appropria-
tion is for the purpose of sustaining Indians
who are partially civilized, who are at least so
far civilized that they can eat corn bread, flour,
pork, beef, or anything of the kind, and will
stay upon the reservations and do it, I will
make no objection.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I want to enlighten you.
Mr. LOGAN. I need no enlightenment,
but I propose to enlighten you. [Laughter.]
Mr  WINDOM. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a question.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I do not think the gen-
tleman can enlighten me.
Mr. LOGAN. Perhaps that is impossible.
Mr. WINDOM. If we go out on the plains
to scare Indians will the gentleman go along
as a clown? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I will not, and I
will tell you why. Clowns are cheap now, as
the gentleman knows, and I am not a cheap
one. The gentleman can be employed as he
is so soon to be out of service here, and I do
not suppose it will cost much to get his services.
But I will tell you what I will do and what
kind of employment the gentleman can have.
If he will get himself into a suit of soldier's
clothes I will go with him and teach hiin how
to kill these marauding Indians.
Mr. WINDOM. Will you charge$l,000,000
for each one you kill?
Mr. LOGAN. I will not charge one cent.
I never charged anything and I never killed
any one, and I am certain that the gentleman
never will. [Laughter.] I do not know why
the gentleman should think that he could em-
ploy me as a clown.
Mr. WINDOM. Because you have the ca-
pacity.
Mr. LOGAN. I never saw a circus in my
life without a clown.
Mr. WINDOM. You would be necessary.
Mr. LOGAN. I am necessary in this House,
and they cannot spare me for one moment;
but the people have spared the gentleman.
[Laughter.] It is all well enough for the gen-
tleman to attempt to draw us away from the
subject now before us; but I do not intend to
be drawn away from it.
Mr. Burleigh rose.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot yield any further.
These gentlemen have been so long out among
the Indians that they have forgotten how to
behave themselves. There is not a woman in
the Sioux camp but has better manners than
the gentleman from Dakota. [Laughter.]
Now, let us get back to these treaties. The
gentlemen say that if we make these treaties
with the Indians and keep them we can do
away with the Army which is now costing us
so much money. There was an attempt made
to reduce the Army, not long ago ; but I did
not see any earnest effort on the part of the
House to effect any such salutary reform. The
Army has not been reduced. Where, then, are
we to keep it if the argument of gentlemen be
a good one? Is it to be kept around Wash-
ington city?
Mr. BURLEIGH. Not in the Indian coun-
try.
Mr. LOGAN. So that the Indian agents
out there should not be disturbed, so that they
should remain unmolested to make war and
then settle it by a new batch of treaties like
the ones we now have before us? Shall we .
leave them to go out and catch a Comanche
chief with a few ragged followers, put a stove-
pipe hat on his head and a pair of leather
moccasins on his feet, and then bring him here
to Washington to make a treaty at the Indian
Bureau under which millions of dollars are to
be paid out of the Treasury? The gentleman
says he never saw Comanche Indians. I do
not doubt it, and I do not think he ever will.
He has been among the Indians, however,
and he knows how these things are done.
Whenever they get a little hungry, as they call
it, whenever they have a desire to get up an-
other treaty, they divide themselves into bands
and separate and go off roving and marauding
under different names. Soon what is called an
Indian war springs up, and they get a new
treaty and new gifts, so that frequently the
same tribe is drawing money out of the Treas-
ury under more than one treaty. If we sus-
tain the policy proposed in the treaties before
us we will only be pursuing the same ridicu-
lous and wasteful expenditure of money. For
one I am not willing to vote money for any
such purpose. I am in favor of doing justice,
but I am not in favor of any absurd extrava-
gance ;' and I shall therefore east my vote to
non-comiur in the amendments of the Seuate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. SCOFIELD, who moved that the com-
mittee arise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; arid the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pom-
erot reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had under consideration the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 1738, making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th June, 1870, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bils, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a bill (H. R. No. 5(58) explanatory of
the act entitled "An act declaring the title
to land warrants in certain cases;" when the
Speaker signed the same.
inauguration ceremonies.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer for adoption the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to deliver to the mayor of the city of Washington,
for the use of such volunteer military organizations
as shall take part in the inauguration ceromonies on
the 4th of March nest, four thousand muskets with
equipments and accouterments, six brass field-pieces
with caissons, equipments, and accouterments, and
a suitable number of infantry, cavalry, and artillery
fl:igs, taking such security as he may deem properfor
the caretul preservation and prompt return of said
property.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that this will
have to be made a joint, resolution, as there is
a law preventing the Secretary of War lirom
loaning flags or anything elsu.
Mr. PAlNli. Then I will withdraw so much
of it as relates to flags, as there will not be time
to get a joint resolution passed.
Mr. ROSS. What object is there in having
muskets at the inauguration ?
Mr. PAINE. I will explain in a word.
There are many military organizations in this
District and to my knowledge that have no
muskets. They will parade on that day if they
have the arms.
Mr. ROSS. Cannot they parade without
the muskets?
Mr. PAINE. I will make it a joint resolu-
tion.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) grant-
ing the use of arms, &c., for the military organ-
izations which shall lake part in the inaugura-
tion ceremonies on the 4th of March, 1869,
was read a first, second, and third time, and
passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contracts for stationery.
Mr. BROOMALL entereda motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the report on the sub-
ject of contracts for stationery was ordered to
be recommitted.
adverse rep0rt3.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing cases; and they were laid on the table:
The petition of D. W. Sims, for relief;
The petition of Thaddens Wetmore, of St.
Louis, for increase of pension;
The petition of Mary 1. Clark for a pension,
[the same having been allowed by the Com-
