1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
missioner of Pensions, the papers in the case
were withdrawn ;]
A bill (EL E. No. 1094) granting a pension
to Christina Arnell ;
The petition of Eliza Ann Upright; and
The petition of Ernest Betbury.
pay op a deceased member.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to offer for adoption the following resolution
reported from the Committee on Accounts:
Re-tobed, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives bp, anil is hereby, authorized to pay out of
the contingent, fund of the House to Mrs. James
Hinds, widow of Hon. James Hinds, member of this
Congress from the second district of Arkansas, assas-
sinated on the 22d of October, 1868. his salary from
the aforesaid day until the close of this session of
Congress.
Mr. ROSS and Mr. BECK objected.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By thcSPEAKER: The petition of Thomas
Allan, of Atlanta, Georgia, to be relieved from
political disabilities incurred by participation
in the rebellion.
By Mr. BEATTY: The memorial of J. F.
Hurcourt ami 2o7 others, citizens of Ohio, pray-
ing such an alteration in the Constitution of
the United States as shall acknowledge Al-
mighty God as the source of all authority and
power in civil government, the Lord Jesus
Christ, as the Ruler among the nations, and His
revealed will as of supreme authority.
By Mr. CALLIS: A memorial signed by
Hon. Thomas M. Peters and 78 others, asking
for an increase of representation in the Con-
gress of the United Slates from the State of
Alabama in consequence of the extension of
the elective franchise to the recently emanci-
pated stives of said State whereby the basis
of representation has been greatly enlarged in
said State, which State has not at this time
the just representation to which it is entitled
by virtue of its voting population.
By Jlr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Chester Snow and others, citizens
of Massachusetts, praying for the removal of
obstructions at Hell Gate.
By Mr. GOSS: The petition of L. Miles
Gentry, a citizen of South Carolina, for the
removal of political disabilities.
Also, the petition of R. C. Pool, a citizen
of South Carolina, for the removal of political
disabilities.
Also, the petition of J. M. Elford, a citizen
of South Carolina, for the removal of political
disabilities.
By Mr. TWICHELL: Eight petitions from
Norfolk county, Massachusetts, for the right
of suffrage for women.
By Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: The petition
of Mary S Stewart and over '2,000 others, resi-
dents of Washington county, Iowa, praying
for an amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, acknowledging Almighty God
ns the source of all authority and power in
civil government, &c.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 1, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of Saturday last was dispensed with.
credentials.
Mr. BAYARD presented the credentials of
Hon. Thomas F. Bayard, elected by the Legis-
lature of Delaware a Senator from that State
for the term commencing March 4, 1869;
which were read, and^ordered to be filed.
Mr. VAN WINKJLE ptegsented the creden-
tials of Hon. Arthur I, Saremau, elected by
the Legislature of West Virginia a Senator
from that State for the term commencing on
March 4, 1809; which were read, and ordered
to be filed.
Mr. MORTON presented the credentials of
Hon. William G. Brownlow, elected by the
Legislature of Tennessee a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4.1869;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York and citizens of New Jersey,
praying for such an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States as will recognize
the obligations of the Christian religion ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS. I present the memorial
of a committee of the Workingmen's Assembly
of the District of Columbia, respectfully sub-
mitting to the Senate and House of Represent-
atives that they have been deprived of the
proper benefit of the law passed at the last
session of Congress known as the eight-hour
law, and asking that the laws in that regard
may be corrected by additional legislation. It
is signed by a committee, E. MacMurray,
George 0. Cook, and D. McCathran. I move
that the memorial be laid on the table, while
the bill is in the same position.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, Louisi-
ana, protesting against any further extension
of that section of the bankrupt act known as the
fifty per cent, provision ; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
imprisonment with hard labor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 726. It is a short bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Is there any objection?
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 726) to authorize im-
prisonment with hard labor as apunishmentin
certain cases. It provides that in all cases
where any court of the United States is author-
ized, upon conviction, to impose sentence of
imprisonment, but where the law does not pro-
vide for imprisonment at hard labor, it shall be
discretionary with the court to impose sentence
of imprisonment either with or without hard
labor. This act is to take effect upon its pas-
sage, but nothing contained in it is to be held
to apply to offenses already committed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
rights of married women.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 177.
By unanimous consent the Senate, asin Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 177) regulating the rights of prop-
erty of married women in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I suppose itis only neces-
sary to read the amendment of the committee,
as it is a substitute for the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the original bill will be omitted unless it
is called for by some Senator.
The Secretary read the amendment reported
by-the Committee on the Judiciary, which was
to strike out all after the enacting clause of
the original bill and to insert:
That in the District of Columbia the right of any
married woman to any property, personal or real,
belonging to her at tho time of marriage or acquired
during marriage in any other way than by gift or con-
veyance from her husband to the prejudice of his
creditors shall be as absolute as if she were femmesotc,
and shall not be subject to the disposal of her hus-
band nor bo liable for his debts, but such married
woman may convey, devise, and bequeath tho same,
or any interest therein, in the same manner anil with
like effect, as if sho were unmarried.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted. That any married
woman may contract and suo and be sued in her own
name in all matters having relation to her sole and
separate property in the same manner as if she were
unmarried, but neither her husband nor his property
shall be bound by any such contract nor liable for
any recovery against her in any such suit, but judg-
ment may be enforced by execution against her sole
and separate estate in the same manner as if she were
sole.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed fora
third reading, was read the third time, and
charles c. cook.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration House bill No. 1877.
"It is a bill which was accidentally omitted the
other day when bills from the Military Com-
mittee were under consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate, asin Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 1877) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Charles C. Cook,
deceased, it directs the Paymaster General to
pay to the heirs or legal representatives of
Charles C. Cook, deceased, formerly of com-
pany C, seventy-seventh regiment Pennsylva-
nia volunteers, the full pay and allowances of
a second lieutenant of infantry from the lst'of
November, 1861, until the 6th of November,
1864, when he died from wounds received in
battle, deducting therefrom, however, such
sums as may have been already paid to him for
his military services during that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
scouts in alabama.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have another bill from
the same committee which I should like to have
passed now. I move that the Senate take np
House bill No. 1879.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 1879) for the relief of certain
companies of scouts and guides organized in
Alabama. The bill provides that Captain H.
J. Springfield's company of scouts and guides,
numbering forty two officers and men, and
Captain John B. Kennamer's company of scouts
and guides, numbering thirty-three officers and
men, organized in northern Alabama, under
orders of Brigadier General Gordon Granger,
commanding the district of northern Alabama,
approved by Alajor General George H. Thomas,
commanding the department of the Cumber-
land, shall be entitled to receive pay for their
services from the date when they respectively
joined such companies to the date when they
were relieved from duty respectively, at the
price fixed by order of General Thomas, to
wit: captains, three dollars; lieutenants, two
dollars ; sergeants, one dollar and fifty cents;
and privates, one dollar per day; the value of
the clothing received by each of the scouts and
guides to be deducted from the amount due
them respectively. And if either of the scouts
or guides is dead, or shall die before receiving
the amount due him, his heirs or other legal
representatives are to be entitled to receive it.
In auditing and paying the foregoiug accounts
the rolls of the companies now on file in the
office of the Adjutant General of the Army are
to be the data to guide the accounting officers;
and the claims when audited are to be paid by
the Paymaster General out of any money here-
tofore appropriated or that may hereafter be
appropriated for the pay of the Army.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in line seven to strike out" Gordon "
before "Granger" and to insert "R. S.;" so
that it will read " R. S. Granger."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
And be ii further enacted, That all othercompani63
or partsof companies of sconts and guides organised
and employed by General R. S. Grander under au-
thority of or by the approval of Mnjor General
George H. Thomas, commanding department of the
