1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
olution of the House relative to expenses of
Osage Indian treaty commission; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
fisheries.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
■a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with
resolution of the House, the report of E. H.
Derby relative to the' colonial trade and the
'fisheries on the coast of the British provinces ;
which, on motion of Mr. ELIOT, of Massa-
chusets, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
oath of office.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a letter from the commander of
the fifth military district, recommending the
modification of the act of July 2, 1862, pre-
scribing an oath of office, with the concurrence
of the General of the Army; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
leave of absence.
Mr. aunetx was granted leave of absence
for ten days.
p. brewer.
On motion of the SPEAKER, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the case of P. Brewer,
one of his constituents, without copies being
left, to be submitted with added proof at the
next session.
imported copper.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the motion to suspend the rules,
made on Monday last by Mr. Schenck:, for the
purpose of taking up and considering the
amendment of the Senate to House bill No.
1460, regulating the duties on imported copper
and copper ores.
murder of major george harney, etc.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me to submit the following
resolution:
jlesohed, That the fact having been charged in sun-
drynewspapers, telegrams, ami correspondciiueof the
public press that theArkansas militiauuder General
Upham did on or about the 21st of January, 1869, at
Marion, in the State of Arkansas, seize and arrest,
without any just or sufficient cause or authority, Major
George Harney, William Ticer, and one McAlister,
quiet, peacelul. and orderly citizens of the United
States, and did most brutally torture and finally
murder them ; and the fact also having been charged
as aforesaid that the said militia have before and since
the time aforesaid engaged in perpetrating upon other
citizens, male and female, the most biutal and tena-
ble outrages, a. committee of three members of this
House be appointed by the Speaker to proceed at once
to investigate the tacts concerning said charges, and
report the same with the testimony taken to the
House, and that said committee be authorized to send
for persons and papers.
Mr. ROOTS. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If I were allowed a word
of explanation I do not think there would be
objection to the resolution.
Mr. ROOTS. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hear half a dozen gen-
tlemen objecting to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. One of the sisters of
young Harney, who was the adopted son of
General Harney, desires to go for his body this
week, and is anxious this matter shall be in-
vestigated.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is no part of the reso-
lution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; it is no part of
the resolution, but it is a reason why it might
be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Arkansas objects.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Allow me to move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. It would not be in order,
as there is another motion to suspend the rules
pending.
The SPEAKER. Unless the motion made
last Monday to suspend the rules should be
withdrawn no other motion to suspend the rules
would be in order.
quarter section to any one purchaser, and for
a price not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
Mr. CULLOM. Is it proposed to put this
important bill on its passage now without any
reference to a committee ?
Mr. JULIAN. I will say that both branches
of this joint resolution have heretofore been
adopted by the House in other forms. I now
propose to take the sense of the House upon
their adoption as a joint resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS. I ask the gentleman in
what form the House has ever adopted these
propositions?
Mr. JCJLIAN. The first was adopted by the
House last session in the form of a resolution
fully covering the same ground, and the second
has been passed in the form of a bill which is
now in the Senate. I know what 1 state; and
the gentleman will not, if he reflects, dispute
my statement.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called, and debate is not in order.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move that the joint- res-
olution'be laid on the table ; and on that mo-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If this resolution should not
be laid on the table would it be in order to
move the reference of the resolution to a com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the pre-
vious question should not be seconded.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 134, not voting
55 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Blair,
Hoyden, Roderick R. Butler, Caliis, Cobb. Corley,
Deweese, Dickey, Driggs, Golladay, Ilaughey, Hum-
phrey, Jenckes, Kellogg, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Maynard, McCormick, Nicholson,
]\ orris, Poland, Polsley, Sawyer, Taylor, Trowbridge,
0a dwalader C. Washburn, and Thomas Williams—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Bingham. Blaine, Boles,
Boutwell,Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Buck-
land, Burr, Benjamin P. Butler, Cary, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Coburn, Cul-
lom, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Eck-
ley, Eldridge. Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Goss, Gravely, Grover, Haight, Halsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Heaton, Higby, Hill, Holrnan,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hunter, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones. Judd, Julian. Kelley, Iielsey,
Kitchen, Koontz, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence. Wil-
liam Lawrence, Logan, Iioughridge, Mallory. Mc-
Carthy, McKee, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins,
Newcomb, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham.
Pettis, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy. Price. Pruyn, Randall,
Raurn, Robertson. Roots, Ross, Schenck, Scolield,
Selye, Shanks, Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Stover, Sypher. Taber, Taffe. Thomas, Tift, Upson,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward. Henry I). Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn. William Williams,
J ames F. Wilson, John '£. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—131.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson. Archer,
Arnell, Bailey, Benton, Blackburn, Bowen, Buckley,
Cake, Chanler, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Ed-
wards, Eggleston, El a. Fox, French, Gove, Griswold,
Hamilton, Hotchkiss, RichardD.Hubbard,Hulburd,
Ingersoll, Iietcham, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, McCul-
lough, Mercur, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers,
Newsham, Nunn, Peters, Phelps, Pierce, Pike.Prince,
Robinson, Stone. John Trimble. Lawrence S.Trimble,
Twichell, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Was hi) urn e,
Welker. Whittemore, Windom, and Young—55.
So the House refused to lay the joint reso-
lution on the table.
The SPEAKER stated the morning hour
had expired, and that the joint resolution went
over till next Monday and would be the first
business in the morning hour on that day.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on. Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
Senate bjll No. 765, to give an additional term
of the United States circuit court for the east-
ern district of Arkansas; when the Speaker
signed the same.
osage indian treaty commission.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in answer to res-
NATIONAL RAILWAY LOAN, 1STC., COMPANY.
Mr. CORLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1907) to incorporate
the National Railway Loan an$ Trust Company;
which was read a first and second lime, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the billwas referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
duty on flowering plants.
Mr. PRUYN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read., con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means to inquire into the propriety of
reducing or abrogating the dutv now charged upon
flowering plants brought from foreign countries.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SPALDING,by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported
back the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1570) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes; and moved that
the same be made the special order in the
House for to-morrow after the morning hour,
and that the amendments and the report of the
committee be printed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the House can
act upon the amendments now. There will be
no opposition, I think, to agreeing to all the
amendments.
Mr. SPALDING. In reply to that sugges-
tion, I have only to say that I have acted in
obedience to the will of the committee, who
requested me to make this report.
The motion of Mr. SrALDixo was agreed to.
m'piierson monument.
Mr. BUCKLAND asked unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution donating con-
demned cannon and muskets for the McPher-
son monument.
Mr. ROSS objected.
port of chicago.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to have examinations and surveys made at the port
of Ctiicago, with a view to secure such additional and
enlarged harbor facilities as the necessities of com-
merce at that point demand.
coast defenses.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on
Military Affairs a joint resolution (S. No. 171)
in relation to coast defenses. The committee
have unanimously instructed me to report it
back, recommending its passage. I will sim-
ply say that there is no appropriation in it.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes the General of the Army and the Admiral
of the Navy, or in the absence of the Admiral
then the vice admiral, to inquire into the utility
and practicability of the Ryan and Hitchcock
mode of marine fortification, and to report to
Congress at the next session.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed:
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
imported copper.
.The House proceeded to the consideration
of the motion of Mr. Schenck, pending at the
close of the session on Monday last, to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of considering
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 1460) regulating the duties on imported .
copper and copper ores.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish it understood that
