8
TlIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
Senate was ready to proceed to business; also
that the Senate had appointed Mr. Dixon and
Mr. -Hendricks as a committee on the part of
the Senate, to join such committee as may be
appointed by the House of Representatives, to
wait upon the President of the United States
and inform him that a quorum of each House
has assembled, and that Congress is ready to
receive any communication he may be pleased
to make to them.
ORDER OF BU&HBSS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I,rise to a question of
PrMr.e1vASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me to offer a resolution of
inquiry?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to offer a resolution calling upon the Depart-
ment for information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain any resolution calling for executive inform-
ation until the morning hour shall have con-
cluded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has not
the morning hour now commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has not; but it will as
soon as the preliminary questions of privilege,
such as the swearing in of members, &c., shall
have been concluded.
additional member erom tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Tennessee believes that
by reason of her voluntary and unenforced
emancipation of her colored population she is
entitled to an additional memberof this House.
She has, therefore, elected Thomas A. Hamil-
ton, whose credentials I now present, and move
that they be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and that during the pendency of the mat-
ter before that committee Mr. Hamilton be
accorded the usual privileges of the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not object to the
reference, but I object to giving the privileges
of the floor to this applicant. ■
The SPEAKER. The uniform usage of
the House is to allow any person who claims
is an apparent paper title. As the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd] discloses the
case it is aft entirely new apportionment of
the State of* Tennesaee.
The SPEAKER. The paper will be referred
to the Committee of Elections if there be no
objection, after which the Chair will submit to
the House the question upou the motion to
extend to the claimant the privilege of the
floor.
No objection was made ; and the motion to
refer was accordingly agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
extend to Mr. Thouias A. Hamilton, of Ten-
nessee, the privilege of the floor of the House,
pending the consideration of his case by the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the credentials
of JVIr. Hamilton be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
State or Tennessee.
To <rtl who shall see these presents, greeting :
I, William G. Brownlow, Governor of the State
pi X cnnessee, do hereby certify that at a general elec-
tion opened and held m said State on the first Tues-
day of November, 1868, for the purpose of electing a
President and Vice President and Representatives
°il, fetate of Tennessee in the Fortieth Congress
of the United States, Thomas A. Hamilton, in the
county of Shelby, was regularly elected, in accord-
w?th the laws of the State of Tennessee and of
the United btates, Representative in said Congress
£■.1?6 ktate at large, and I do, therefore, by virtue
oi. the statute m that case made and provided com-
mission the said Thomas A. Hamilton, Representa-
.°,?Sr6ss as aforesaid, during tho term and
With all the powers, privileges, and emoluments per-
taining.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed
my name and caused the great seal of the State of
lenne&see to be affixed, at the executive depart-
ment, in the city of Nashville, this 26th day of No-
vember, 1868.
- WILLIAM G. BROWNLOW.
By the Governor:
A. J. FLETCHER,
Secretary of State.
- Mr. SPALDING. If the act of.Congress
provides for the election of a Representative
at large from the State of Tennessee then I
yield the question; otherwise I say it is an
incongruity.
Mr. MAYNARD. , I desire to say that this
application is made in the very best of faith,
bottomed upon a solemn enactment of the
Legislature of Tennessee and the action of
her entire voting population at the ballot-box ;
and I trust that the courtesy which is ordina-
rily extended will be extended to this gentle-
man.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is that this gentleman
shall be entitled to the privilege of the floor
of the House during the pendency of this in-
vestigation.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I quite agree
that when a gentleman comes here with proper
credentials duly certified from any district in
the United States the usual course is for the
House to allow him to take a seat upon the
floor until the validity of his election, if any
question be made about it, be determined by
the House. But by the law of Congress the
number of members to which each State is
entitled is fixed ; and when agentleman comes
here as a supernumerary from a Slate, there
being no district for him to represent, there is
no law by which he can be entitled to a seat
upon this floor. I suppose it to be true, Mr.
Speaker, that many of the States would, by
the ratio established under the last census, be
entitled to a considerable additional number of
Representatives; but it would, I think, be very
strange if Indiana or Illinois, or any of the
States whose population has so largely in-
creased, should, taking the ratio fixed by the
last census, elect so many more members at
large as the State would be entitled to in conse-
quence of the increase of population. And
although the general principle is that when a
man comes here claiming to represent a district,
and shows credentials proper upon their face,
he should be allowed to take his seat while the
question of his title is being considered, yet
a seat here upon an apparent paper title to /here there is no district; we have no 'legal
m Qrff1TV^?^ofti!,erfltior' , v |'knowledge that there is any population in Ten-
Mj. or ALDlNGr. We doubt whether thV nessee that entitles the State to more than the
number of Representatives that it already has
upon this floor.
Mr. N1BLACK. Will the gentleman from
Vermout [Mr. Poland] yield to me for a single
suggestion?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg to remind the gen-
tleman and,the House that itha3 not been the
uniform practice to admit to the privileges of
the floor every gentleman coming here with a
certificate claiming a seat. It will be remem-
bered that three years ago, when persons claim-
ing to be elected from the various southern
States recently in rebellion, and holding cer-
tificates from the acting Governors of those
States, presented those certificates and asked
to be admitted to seats in this House, they
were all denied the courtesy of the floor pend-
ing the consideration of their claims to seats,
although they held, as I have remarked, regu-
lar certificates. Such having been the policy
adopted by the House in reference to the gen-
tlemen then claiming seats, I beg to know why
a different policy should be adopted in refer-
ence to this particular case from the State of
Tennessee.
Mr. POLAND. I did not say, Mr. Speaker,
that such had been the uniform course.
Mr. NIBLACK. My remark was called
out by the remark which fell incidentally from
the Chair, to the effect that it had been the
-uniform practice to extend this courtesy.
Mr. POLAND. I have said, Mr. Speaker,
that the usual course—not the uniform course
—where a man has presented himself with
credentials regular upon their face, has been
to allow him to take his seat, although there
might be a question as to whether he bad been
legally elected. I am aware that an exception
has been made—whether properly or improp-
erly I have no occasion to give an opinion i
where a question was raised in relation to the
loyalty, the personal qualifications, of the
men presenting credentials: but those cases,
whether the decision of the House was wise or
unwise, have no application to the question
presented here. We might with the same
propriety come and claim that Vermont by an
increase of population was entitled to an addi-
tional member, and elect one by the State at
large. I say there is no legal information
before the House that Tennessee, under a new
apportionment, would be entitled to any more
members than she has already on the floor,
and no law whatever in existence that I know
of by which, until a new census is taken and a
new apportionment made for the State of Ten-
nessee, she can be entitled to any more mem-
bers than now represent that State.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I did not
propose to argue the question of right at this
time. It would be entirely premature; it would
anticipate the action of the committee and the
province of the committee-room. The ques-
tion now seems to be one addressed to the
courtesy of the House. I will remind my friend
from Indiana that the action taken in the case
to which he refers had no applicability to the
gentlemen themselves. It was not an appeal
to our courtesy toward individual gentlemen
that came here. The action of the House was
based on the attitude of the alleged State gov-
ernment under which they came. The action
had reference to those alleged governments,
and not to the gentlemen themselves. But I
will refer the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] to a precedent in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress which may possibly have escaped his
notice, as I believe he was not a member of the
House in that Congress. Under the general
apportionment law the State of California was
entitled to two members, and only two. She
however believed that she should be enti-
tled in that Congress to an additional mem-
ber,* and elected such a member, Hon. Mr.
Lowe, from that State. He came here; his
credentials were referred to the Committee of
Elections ; they examined his claim, reported
in favor of it, and he was admitted to his seat;
and my recollection is that pending the exam-
ination the House of Representatives extended
to him the same courtesy that is now asked.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend will allow me.
So far as the precise question before the House
is concerned, granting to this gentleman leave
to come upon the floor, he is correct. .Mr.
Lowe was admitted to a seat on the floor pend-
ing the question, but my friend is mistaken as
to the action of the Committee of Elections.
It was just the reverse of what he stated. But
after the reportof the Committee of Elections,
which was adopted by the House, a bill was
brought into the House, and a law passed
Congress allowing to California an additional
member; and then, after the passage of that
law, Mr. Lowe was admitted. It was passed
upon the allegation on the part of California
that there had been a great mistake in the
census, some of the census returns having been
burned up in a fire that took place somewhere
in the State, and the House became satisfied
in that case that, had all her returns been
made, California would have been entitled to
a third Representative. But the action of the
Committee of Elections was against the appli-
cant under existing law, though they recom-
mended, if I mistake not, the passage of such
a law as was passed, and under it Mr. Lowe
became a member of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is correct.
Inasmuch as the first application on the part
of Mr. Lowe was under the census of I860, tho
apportionment under which did not go into
operation till the next succeeding Congress,
they reported against him, basing his claim on
that ground. They, however, as the chair-
man of .the Committee of Elections correctly
states, reported a bill in his favor predicated
upon the grounds which the gentleman has
suggested. The bill passed, and Mr. Lowe was
admitted to a seat; but pending that applica-
tion he was allowed the ordinary privilege of
