0S0
THE. COMGRlSSIOTMi 'GLOBE.
February 8,
if the' motion prevails I shall simply move a
concurrence in the amendments of th^-Senate.
. Mr. P.IKE. Will the gentleman permit no
discussion ? ,. ,
' Mr. §CHJEITCK. No, sir; I think it hag been
sufficiently discussed. ..J will endeavor to get
the previous question seconded, and get it out
of the way. .
Mr. BROOKS. • Irise to a question of order.
What js the'e^act motion before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is to suspend the rules
for the purpose of considering the amendments
of the Senate to the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Not to agree to them ?
The SPEAKER. Not to agree to them.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not hear what reply
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] made
to the inquiry of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. -Pike] as to whether he intends to allow
debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. My reply was that this
mution is to suspend the rules to consider the
amendments of the Senate. If that motion
•prevails by-a vote of two thirds, I then pro-
pose to move to concur in the Senate amend-
ments. Upon that motion I shall ask the
previous question and submit to the House
whether they want farther discussion of the
copper bill. If the previous question is sus-
tained of course we shall come to a direct vote;
if it be not sustained, as a matter of coarse
the subject will be open for discussion.
_ Mr. BROOKS. Let me further ask if this
bill as an appropriation bill—for it is an appro-
priation bill-—can- be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It could he-
Mr. BROOKS. Will it be under the rules?
The SPEAKER. It would be nnder the
rules, but the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciienck] moves to suspend the rules for the
purpose of considering it in the House.
Air. BROOKS. If J. make the point of order
will it then go to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. Not if the rules are sus-
pended.
Mr. BROOKS. One more question. Canwe
lmve a division on the various amendments of
the Senate? There are eight or nine specific
amendments, but forty or fifty in point of face,
embracing the whole copper and brass manu-
facture of the country. 1 want to know if we
can have a division ?
The SPEAKER. The answer is found on
page 10 of the Digest. The Clerk will read it.
The Olerk Tead as follows:
"All amondmont reported from the Committee of
the Whole as an ontiro amendment is not divisiblo.
A or is an amendment of the Senate divisible."
Mr. BROOKS. As all discussion is to be
cutoff, I hope the House will not suspend the
rules.
Mr. NIBLACK. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 120, nays 50, not voting 52 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Beama , Beatty,Benjamin,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bowoii, Boyden, Broomall,
Buekland, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Churchill,
Header W. Clarke, Clifl, Cobb, Uoburn. Cbrley, Co-
Gove, Gravely, Haight, Halsey, Hardinpt. Ilanghev,
iieaton, Hill, llolman, Hopkins, Asahel VV.Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard. Hulburd. Hunter,, Ingersoll,
Johnson. Alexander IX. Jones, Kelley. Kellogg-, Kel-
sey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lash,George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Marvin,
Mayuard, McCarthy, McKee, Miller, Moore, Moor-
Morrell, Mullins, Newcomb, Koh-is, Nunn,
0 NbiU, Pettis, Pierce, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Poine-
roy, Fnce, Prince, Pruyn, Robertson, Boots, Sawyer,
bcnenck, boofield, Selye. Shellabarger, Sitgrenves,
bimth, Spalding,Stokes, Stover, Taffe, Taylor, Trovv-
■rr Jjpsou, Van Aernaui, Robert T.
Van Horn, yidal, \\ ard, Henry D. Washburn, Wfl-
}!am ^.Was'iburu, Welker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams John X. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wlmlom, and Woodbridge-J20
Allison. Baker, Banks, Beck,
1 ,?n Tin if Kapler, Sidney Clarke, Cul-
Pmv ii h Glossbrenner, QoIIa-
L. Jones Judd, Kerr. Knott, LogaVi,- Marshall Mc-
tornuck, Maugen, .Newsham, Kiblaok,- STiehoIeon
Orth, Berham, Phelps, Pikev Randall; Ross, Shanks,
Starkweather, Stevens, Taber, Thomas, Tift, John
Trimble, Van Aukeri, Van Trump, Cadwal^der C.
Washburn, JamesF.'Wilsori, Wood, Woodward;and
Y oung—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Anderson. Archer,
Arnell, Bailey, Barnes, Barn urn, Benton. Blackburn,
Blaine, Boutwell, BroinwelLBuckley, Benjamin F.
Butler, CaKe, Cary, Cook, Cornell, Delano, Dodge,
Eggleston, Pox, French, Ge'tz. Griswold,-Hamilton,
Higby, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Bioh,ard. D. Hubbard,
Julian, Laflin, Loughrjdge, Lynch, Mallory, McCul-
lough, Mercur. Morrissey. Myerfe, Paine, Peters, Pile,
Baum, Robinson, Stewart, Stone, Sypher, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Burt V;jn Horn. Van Wyek, Elihu B.
Washburne, and Whittfemore— 52.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the amendments of
the Senate were before the House,
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to concur in the
amendments of theSenate, and upon that motion
I demand the previous question. I would gladly
give way to my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Brooks] to enter into
general debate on these amendments, but I
think by this time the whole matter is fully
understood by the House, and it is too late in
the session to open the subject to general dis-
cussion.
Mr. BROOKS. I am sure the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Scuisxck] is too clever to
expect to force this bill through this House
without some explanation of it. I do not pro-
pose to make any speech or to enter into any
genfcral discussion of this bill; but I want the
House to understand in detail some of the
provisions of the bill; that is all I want.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] is just as clever
a man as I am, and his cleverness enables him
to understand that these running series of ques-
tions and answers are only debate in disguise. I
propose to ask the House to sustain the pre-
vious question ; if they do so it will be the judg-
ment of the House upon the propriety of my
motion. If the House vote down the previous
question there will then be an opportunity for
question and answer.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Ohio
is also clever enough to know that it will con-
sume far less time to discuss this bill a little
than to take the yeas and nays it may be neces-
sary to take.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call for the yeas
and nays on concurring in the Senate amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
seconding the previous question.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
theui were—ayes 73, noes 43.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 move that the amendments
of tho Senate be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That will carry the bill
also, if successful.
The question was taken ; and upon adivision
there were—ayes 42, noes 83.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. KERR and Mr. BROOKS called for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were thirty-two in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeasaud nays were ordered.
'I he question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 65, nays 110,
not voting 47; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes,
beatty. Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler
?,I.d?Py £lark?j. Cl!ft- Cullom, Dockery, Eldridge,
fields, Gotz, Glossbrcnner, Golladay, Goss, Grover,
Haight, Hardin?, Hawkins. Holrnnn, Hotehkiss,
Humphrey, Hunter, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian.
Kerr, Knott, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, McCor-
miek, Murigen, ISiblack, Nicholson, Norris, Orth,
Perharn, Peters, Phelps, Pike. Randall, Robinson,
Ross, bhanks, Starkweather, Stevens, Taber, Taffe,
John Trimble,Van Aukeu.Van Trump,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—65.
, Messrs. Aiues, Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashlev, Ax tell. Beam an, Benjamin, Blair, Boles, Boy-
don, Bromw'ell, Broomall, Buekland, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke,_Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Dawes, Delano,
Deweese, Dickey, Dixon. Dodne, Donnellv, Brings
Eckloy, Ela, Thomas D.Bliot, JamesT.Blliott, Fer-
-Tiss, Ferrv, Garfield;.Gravely, Ha,lsey, Haughey,
Heaton, lligby, Hill, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenokes, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketch.om, Kitchen,
Koontz, La-flin, Lash, Georee V. Lawrence, Williaju
Lawrence, Loan, Mallory, Marvin, Ma.yna.rd,McKee,
Miller, Moore, MpoEead. Morrell, Mullins, New-
comb, N ewsham, Nunn,O'Neill, Paine, Pettis, Pierce,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Rauro, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Soofield, Selye,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stokes, Stover, Sypher,
'Taylor, Trovtbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van,Aernaui,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T.-Van Horn, Vidal. Ward,
:Cadwalader C. Washburn, William Bi Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams. John T.Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—110.
K OT V OTIN G—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer.
Arnell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Benton, Bingham,
Blackburn, Blaine, Boutwell, Bowen, Buckley, Cake,
Cook, Corley, Cornell, Edwards, Eggleston, Farns-
worth, Fox, French, Gove, Griswold, Hamilton,
Hooper, Asahel W- Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Lincoln, Lynch, McCarthy, McCullough, Mercur,
Morrissey, MyerS, Prince, Roots, Smith, Spalding,
Stewart, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Wyck,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, and
Whittemore—47.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon concurring in the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. BROOKS. Let those amendpients be
read.
The Clerk read the first amendment of the
Senate, to insertafter the word " enumerated,"
in line four of the bill, the words "including
sulphate of copper, or blue vitriol."
Mr. BROOKS. Let the whole bill be read, so
that we can see what is the duty on blue vitriol,
which enters into every old lady's dye-pot in
the country.
The SPEAKER. The House bill is not now
before the House. The amendments of the
Senate are the only text before the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to know what duty
we are asked to impose upon blue vitriol.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
original bill.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides that
from and after its passage, in lieu, of the duties
heretofore imposed by law on the articles here-
inafter mentioned, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on the articles herein enumer-
ated and provided for, imported from foreign
countries, the following specified duties and
rates of duty, that is to say: on all copper im-
ported in the form of ores, three cents on each
pound of fine copper contained therein; on all
regulus of copper and on all black or coarse
copper, four cents on each pound of fine copper
contained therein; on all old copper fit only
for remanufacture, four cents per pound ; on
all copper in plates, bars, ingots, pigs,, and in
other forms not manufactured or herein enu-
merated, five cents per pound.
The second amendment of the Senate was
read, as follows:
At the end of the bill add the following-
On copper in rolled plates, called braziers' copper,
sheets, rods, pipes, and copper bottoms, eyelets, and
allmanutactures of copper or of which copper shall
bo a component of chief value, not otherwise herein
providedfor, forty-fivepercent.ciciMforem.- Provided,
1 hat the increased dutyimposedby this act shall not
ail-K the articlestherein enumerated which
shall have been m course of transit' to the United
btates and actually on shipboard on the 19th of Jan-
uary, 1869.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
ordering the yeas and nays on concurring in
the amendments of the Senate, the yeas and
nays having been demanded by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
m the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 56, not voting
54, as follows:
a IwS7^?ri; Ames' DDel0S R- Ashley, James M.
pi • W Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boutwoli, Bowen, Boyden, Broomall
r?nK pMff ButInr' Roderick n. Bailor!
Dawes,
H,,7Z?n , 'v.™11!. Uove, Halsey,
rh . ' n ?l>5',',IIin' HrtPkins, Asahel W,
K™J.Chester D. Hubba.d, Hulburd. Ingersoll,
lo£ K.&^ . Alexander H. Jones, Kelley. Kel-
? • K°tcham Kitchen, Koontz. Lash,
MwW. m 'La™«n<"e. William -Lawrence, Mallory,
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Miller, Moore,
