1869.
THE COiSi (xRESSlONAL GLOBE.
961
Moorhead, ^Morrell, Mullins, Newsham, Norris,
£unn,0'JfoUl, Paine,Perham. Pettis, Pierce, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Eaum,
?,° ,?rtson> R°ots, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye,
>She labarger, Sitgreaves, Smitb, Starkweather,
btokes, Tavlor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson. Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Vidal, Cndwalader 0. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn. Welker. Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson,
Stephen P. Wilson, \Sfimdom, and Woodbridge—112.
NAiS — Messrs. Allison, Baker, Barnes, Bcatty,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Gary, Ohanler, Cullom,
Dockery, Geta, Giossbrenner. Golladay, Ooss, Grover,
liaight, Hardin?, Hawkins, Holman. Hotohkiss,
Humphrey, Hunter, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kerr, Knott, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, MoCor-
mick, Mungen, Niblaek, Nicholson, Orth, Peters,
Pike, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Shanks, Stevens,
labor, TaiTe, Thomas, Tiffc, John Trimble, Van Au-
ken, Van Trump. Henry D. Washburn, James P.
Wilson, Wood. Woodward, and Young—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson,Archer,
Arnell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Benton, Blaokburn,
Blaine, Boles, Bromwell, Buckley, Cake, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell,
Eggleston, Ela, Eldridge, Farnswortli, Fields, Fox,
French, Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton,Hooper, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Laflin, Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Mc-
Cullough, Mereur, Morrissey, Myers, Newcomb,
Phelps, Pile. Pr.uyn, Spalding, Stewart. Stone, Sto-
ver, Syplier, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Wyck, Ward,
Elihu I!. Washburne, Whittemore, and William Wil-
liams—5-1.
So the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. Muxgen* oljtained leave of absence for
the remainder of the day.
b. b. mitchell.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, submitting estimate
of appropriation required to pay for services
of B. B. Mitchell, as detective to break up
cattle stealing in the Indian Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
collection districts.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, by un&u-
imous consent, reported from the Committee
on Commerce a bill (H. R. No. 1906) to estab-
lish the collection district of Aroostook, in the
State of Maine, and to more accurately define
the boundaries of the district of Newark, New
Jersey: which was read a first and second time.
The first section provides that that portion
of the State of Maine now included within tlie
limits of the county of Aroostook shall be con-
stituted a customs collection district to be
called the district of Aroostook, of which Houi-
ton, in said county, shall be the only port of
entry.
The second section provides that a collector
of customs shall be appointed for the said dis-
trict, who shall reside at said port of entry,
and shall be entitled to the same compensa-
tion that is allowed to other collectors of cus-
toms on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers of the United States by the
second section of the act approved .Tune 17,
1884, provided that the aggregate maximum
com pensation of the collector of Aroostook shall
not exceed $1,500, which shall be the entire
compensation allowed.
The third and concluding section provides
that the district of Newark, in the State of
New Jersey, shall be extended so as to em-
brace all the waters and shores of Newark bay
and the rivers and bays tributary thereto ; the
northern shore of the strait or passage known
as Kill Van Kull, and ail that part of the west-
ern shore of the strait or passage known as
Staten Island, or Arthur Kill, which lies north
of the northern boundary line of the town of
Eah way.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
40th C'oxc. 3;.i Skss.—Xo. 61,
steam engineering.
Mr. KELLBY, bv unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Secretary of the Navy bo di-
rected to inform the House what amount of money
has been expended in experiments on steam expan-
sion under the direction of the Department or the
Lureau of Steam Engineering, where said experi-
ments were made, and to whom the money expended
was paid, and to transmit to the House copies of the
vouchers produced for the several items.
leave 01? absence.
Mr. PitUYlf was granted leave of absence
from the evening sessions of the House.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to proceed to the consideration of
the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Ferry in thechair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1870.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Harding as modified by Mr.
Farnswortji, which was reported, as follows:
And provided further, Tha t so much thereof as may
be necessary shall be applied for the completion of
the upper portion of the Moline water-power at the
head of Rock Island, in carrying out existing con-
tracts.
Mr. BLAINE. Read the pending paragraph.
The Clerk lead as follows :
For repairs and improvements of armories and
arsenals:
For arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illinois,
SI,000,000: Provided, That one hilf of this amount
shall be applied to the construction of the bridge
connecting Rock Island with the cities of Rock Isl-
and and Davenport.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to state in regard
to this amendment that the Committee on Ap-
propriations are willing to accept it and to
incorporate"it into the bill. I hope, therefore,
it will be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Fegriss's
amendment, to strike out these words :
One million dollars : Provided, That one half of
this amount shall be applied to the construction of the
bridge connecting Rock Island with the cities of
Rock Island and Davenport.
And in lieu thereof to insert' 'S-30,000 so it
will then read;
For arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illinois,
$50,000.
Mr. FERRISS. I withdraw that amendment,
and move to strike out the entire paregraph.
Mr. Chairman, when I made the motion on
Saturday last in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union I stated that I made
it for the purpose of obtaining some informa-
tion in regard to what T regard as a most ex-
traordinary appropriation, and the debate of
Saturday has failed to satisfy me that there was
any necessity at this time to appropriate any
sum of money whatever for an arsenal or
armory or bridge at Rock Island, Illinois.
Allusion has been made to the obligations
we are under. Sir, I have failed to discover
either in the act passed heretofore or in the
contract entered into with the railroad com-
pany any obligation on the part of the (govern-
ment either to complete this bridge or to make
any of these appropriations. The railroad
company, as I understand it, were forced by
legislation to make an agreement that when
this bridge was completed they should tear j
down their old structure and pay $400,000 for i
the privilege of occupying this bridge. But j
do they want the bridge ? They have a bridge
of their own across the river there, and they
are notdesirous of paying this sum of $400,000
for another. So that there is no obligation on
the part of the Government to complete the |
bridge. When it is done—when the Govern-
ment does perform this work—-then this com-
pany must pay 34-00,000. But they are not
anxious it should be done.
So much for the obligation we are said to
be under. Now, what is the purpose of this
appropriation. It is to build an arsenal there
aud a bridge. Do we need an arsenal? -
Mr. MILLER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if the company are not bound to pay
the $400,000?
Mr. FERRISS. When the bridge is built
they are, but I. say they are not anxious to have
it built. We have forced them into a contract
by legislation; they did not enter into it by
their own volition. We have compelled them
to have their present bridge torn down.
Mr. MILLER. Is not that bridge an obstruc-
tion to navigation?
Mr. FERRISS. It may be an obstruction.
I am not discussing that question. It is urged
here as a reason why we should make the appro-
priation that we are under contract obligation
to build this bridge. Now, sir, in regard to the
arsenal, what necessity is there for building it
at this time'/ We are not now buying arms
and munitions of war, and we do not need
arsenal buildings to store them in. We have
ceased purchasing small-arms and munitions of
war. Whenever we need an arsenal in that
quarter that is the place where it should be
built. But why expend this large sum now for
the purpose of erecting these buildings. Gen-
tlemen have failed to show the necessity of it—
utterly failed. I have great respect for the
opinions of gentlemen who advocate this appro-
priation, but 
Mr. KERR. I would inquire of the gentle-
man in what state of progress the bridge at
Rock Island now is ?
Mr. FERRISS. I have been informed this
morning that the $200,000 heretofore appro-
priated by Congress to be expended in the
construction of that bridge has been expended
in the procuring of some material; but no por-
tion of the bridge has been built, nor has the
structure been commenced, as I understand.
Mr. KERR. Have not the piers all been
laid, or the foundations of them?
Mr. FERRISS. NoneatalLasIaminformed
by a gentleman who resides in that vicinity.
No work has been done except merely getting
together some materials for building the bridge.
Now, sir, I insist that we do not need these
arsenal buildings. All the purpose they can
be used for will be storing and protecting our
munitions of war. Well, inasmuch as we do
not need them now,why appropriate $1,000,000
when the nation is in debt, and that debt in-
creasing, according to the statement laid on our
table this morning, at the rate of $16,000,000
a month.
A Member. There are acres of munitions.
Mr. FERRISS. The gentleman says there
are acres of them. Well, sir, then put them
under shelter. It does not need an appropria-
tion of $1,000,000 to cover acres of these
materials and protect them from the weather.
It strikes me that the interest on $1,000,000,
ay, one tenth of the interest on that sum,
would cover up all the munitions we have there.
There is a way to prepare for war. We first
ought to pay our debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I did not
intend to enter into this discussion, but as my
constituents have quite an interest in this mat-
ter 1 beg the attention of the House. This
appropriation contemplates two objects : one,
the building of a bridge from Rock Island to
the main shore ; and the other, an appropri-
i ation for the construction of the arsenal being
I erected on Rock Island. My constituents have
i a great interest in the first portion of this
i proposition, the construction ofthis bridge, the
object of which is to compel the destruction or
removal of the present Rock Island bridge,
which is a nuisance and causes immense dam-
age to the commerce of the river above that
point.
Now, I do not regret to see this appropria-
tion scrutinized. I am glad to see it, and I-am
glad to see it scrutinized by my friend from
New York, as I shall all other appropriations.
But it is somewhat surprising to me that my
