1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOEfi.
0
coming upon the floor and holding conference
with members if he chose to do so. I trust
the samo courtesy—and the main question is
One of courtesy—will be extended to the case
of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. SPALDING. If this is only a question
of courtesy, I have nothing further to say. I
withdraw my objection. I only objected to its
being made a precedent.
Mr. MA YN ARD. That is all it can be—an
appeal to the courtesy of the House.
Mr. MUNG-EN. Mt. Speaker, I would not
say a word on this matter were it not for set-
tling a question of precedent in this Congress,
anticipating that the question would come up
from another State. I beg leave to call the
attention of gentlemen to the fact that this
question of the privilege of the floor is no new
one; that on the motion of Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, in the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
the House did admit to the privilege of the
floor the members elected from Tennessee;
and in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, when Col-
onel Johnson, who had been a colonel in the
Federal Army and had served three years, came
here claiming a seat from the third district of
the State of Arkansas, he was denied the privi-
leges of this floor. On motion of Hon. Green
Clay Smith, then a member from the State of
Kentucky, on the 13th of February, 1866, the
question was brought directly before the House.
There was no question as to the status of Colonel
Johnson as to loyalty, and Mr. Stevens admitted
(Congressional Globe, page 812) that Tennes-
see, the State from which the gentleman hails,
at that time was in the same condition as the
State of Arkansas, from which Colonel Johnson
claimed his seat. Now, I say that if a colonel
of a Federal regiment who had served for three
years in the Army could not get in here at all
for two years, I do not think we ought to let
this gentleman have the privileges of the floor
in this case. I say this only as a question of
precedent. I know nothing about this gentle-
man, but I do not want the precedent set, and I
shall vote against the motion of the-gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNAED. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put on Mr. Maynard's
motion; and there were—ayes 45. noes 85.
Mr. MAYNAED called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKEE. The morning hour has
now commenced. The business first in order
is calling the States in their regular order for
resolutions, during which call bills may be
presented for reference also. The call com-
mences with the State of Maine.
expansion and contraction of currency.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (H_. E. No.
1461) to provide against undue expansions and
contractions of the currency ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
drawback on vess15bs.
Mr. LYNCH also introduced a bill (H. E.
No. 14G2) to allow a drawback upon articles
used in the construction of vessels ; which was
read a first and second .time.
Mr. LYNCH moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLISON. That bill ought to go to
the Committee of Ways and Means. I move
that it be co referred.
Mr. LYNCH. I have no objection to that
reference.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
election os1 federal officers.
Mr. BOUT WELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1463) declaring who may vote for electors
of President and Vice President and for Rep-
resentatives in Congress; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
Mr. DAWES offered the following resolu-
tion ; upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any legislation is neces-
sary to secure to Government employes uniformity
of compensation under the eight-hour law and an
administration of the same according to its true
intent, and that they be authorized to report by Mil
or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
unreconstructed states.
Mr. BOUTWELL submitted the following
resolution ; upon which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved. That the Committee on Reconstruction
be directed to examine into the condition of public
affairs in Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, and to
report as soon as practicable what measures, if any,
are necessary for the better protection of life, liberty,
and property.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REDEMPTION OF GREENBACKS.
Mr. PIKE offered the following resolution;
upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House jus-
tice to the public creditor and sound policy demand
there should be no further delay in the payment in
gold of the United States notes commonly called
greenbacks; and the Committee of Ways and Means
are hereby directed to report a bill providing that
measures bo taken at once to effect that purpose.
Mr. FAENSWOETH. Is not that resolu-
tion mandatory?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FAENSWOETH. Well, I think it had
better be referred, and not adopted.
Mr. PIKE. Let us have a vote in the House
on it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained, and the resolution
will be referred.
•Mr. KELLEY. I propose to discuss the
resolution.
The SPEAKEE. The gentleman from Maine
has a right to demand the previous question.
If the previous question shall not be sustained
the gentleman can rise to debate the resolu-
tion, when it will go over under the rule.
The question was put; and the House refused
to second the previous question.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
FREEDMEN'S BUREAU.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (H. E. No.
1464) continuing the Freedmen's Bureau in
Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs.
Mr. ELIOT. I have here a memorial upon
this subject from the Governor and other citi-
zens of Virginia, which I ask may be referred
to the same committee by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKEE. The Chair cannot, during
the morning hour of Monday, ask unanimous
consent for anything. The paper referred to
by the gentleman can be presented as a paper
accompanying the bill, and will be referred
with the bill. , , . .
Mr. ELIOT. Very well; I ask that that
course be taken.
The paper wias accordingly referred.
TONNAGE DOTY ON SPANISH VESSELS..
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following reso-
lution'; -which was read) •considered,; and
agreed to: . : '
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire Into the expediency of repealing
the acts of July 13,1832, and June£0,1834, concerning
tonnage duty on Spanish vessels.
alabama claims.
Mr. WOOD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to: . .
llemlved, That the President bo requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, copies of the letters of instruction to
the American minister at London,relatiag to the
settlement of the eo-calied "Alabama claims," and
any subsequent correspondence with-him or the
British Government on that subject.
Mr. WOOD, moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
suffrage.
Mr. KELLEY introduced a joint resolution
{H. R. No. 363) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask that the joint
resolution be read at length.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the following article be proposed to the
Legislatures of the several States as an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
which, when ratified by three fourths of said
Legislatures, shall be valid as part of said
Constitution, namely:
Article —. No State shall deny to or exclude
from the exorcise of any of the rights or privileges
of an cleotor any citizen of the United States by
reason of race or colors
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEOOMALL introduced a joint reso- -
lution (H. E. No. 364) proposing an. amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
so as to prohibit qualification of suffrage
based upon race or parentage; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be read at length.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the following amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States be proposed to the
Legislatures of the several States :
Aetiole XV.—Neither Congress nor any State by
its constitution or laws shalldenyorrestriet the right
of suffrage to citizens of the United States on account
of race or parentage of such citizens; and all quali-
fications or limitations of the right of suffrage in the
constitution or laws of any State, based upon race or
parentage, are, and are hereby, declared to be Void.
Mr. BEOOMALL. I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
naturalization of aliens.
Mr. BROOMALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1465) amending the laws providing for the
naturalization of aliens; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that no certificate of naturaliza-
tion shall be issued to any alien except by a
competent court held in the county or parish
in which such alien has actually resided for
thirty days immediately preceding, and that
the proof of residence shall be made to the
satisfaction of said court by the testimony of
at least one competent witness besides the
applicant, who shall also be a bona fide, resi-
dent of the county or parish.
The second section provides that no certifi-
cate of naturalization shall be issued by any
court in any State within three months imme-
diately preceding the time fixed for holding an
election for State or United States officers in
such State.
