m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
friend should be unwilling to vote this appro-
priation, in which such vast publie-interests are
involved, when it seems that he was willing to
appropriate $0,000,000 to a private individual
todig a bole in the ground in the Territory of
Nevada. I am glad that, he has had an eco-
nomical streak come over him, and I hope it
will stay .with him,
>Ir. KERR. I would like to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Wisconsin. I would
be glad to have him explain as briefly as he
pleasefe the difference between the present "old
bridge," as'he ealls it, and the projected new
bridge.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
projected bridge is to be built some distance
below the present bridge, and as soon as it is
completed the present bridge is to be taken
down. I will state here that the commerce of
the Mississippi' suffers every year a loss of at
least $100, OQOby the continuance of that bridge.
For tbe reasow that we shaall thus secure
the removal of this obstruction I am extremely
desirous that this appropriation shall be made
and that the old bridge shall be removed.
Now, as to the other point, my friend from
New York asks what is the necessity of this
arsenal, I can say to him that had this arsenal
been- built, as it should have been, twenty
years ago it would have shortened the late war
very much by enabling us to supply our sol-
diers speedily with arms. I am very familiar
myself personally with this point. Twenty-
seven years ago 1 myself personally accompa-
nied a commission from the War Department,
consisting of General Armistead, Doctor Law-
son, Surgeon General,and Colonel Long, of the
engineer department, who were sent to inspect
this point for the purpose of the establishment
of a national arsenal. I recollect the objection
which they made to it then was that it was too
uear the British frontier and would be too much
exposed. The true reason, I have no doubt,was
that it was too far removed from the "peculiar
institutionit was too far north. Had they rec-
ommended the establishment of this arsenal,
and had it then been established and we had
had the facilities for the manufacture of arms
which we should have had, the war would have
sooner been brought to an end. I undertake
to say there is not a point upon the continent
of America so well adapted for the establish-
ment of a national arsenal as this point.
I will state further, in answer to the objec-
tion, X think made by the gentleman from
Peutisylvanianow before me, [Mr.Woouw.vuD,]
in regard to passing over the coal fields of
Pennsylvania, that this Rock Island is in the
immediate vicinity of vast coal-fields, and that
there is no point in the connh-y where the
materials for the manufacture of arms can be
brought together more easily and cheaply than
at Rock Island. There is not a more beautiful,
a more fertile, or a more healthy spot on the
face of the globe.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FERRISS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WELKELi. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That no part, of the sumberein appropri-
ated 1'or tbe arsenal and armory shall bo expended
upon any building uot now in process of construction.
One word by way of explanation. I see by
the items in the estimates that an appropria-
tion of $200,000 is asked for to build one new
building and an appropriation of $90,000 for
another, and several other items, which were
referred to on Saturday by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scopield. J My proposi-
tion is, that the appropriation shall not be ex-
pended for these new structures. I understand
that the Committee on Appropriations did not
intend that these new structures should be
commenced under this appropriation; and for
the purpose of preventing that, and making it
certain, I offer this proviso.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and in doing so I wish to answer some
remarks that were made here on Saturday by
various gentlemen in reference to this appro-
priation. I am somewhat astonished to see
the opposition manifested here to the appro-
priation proposed in this bill for tbe comple-
tion of the arsenal at Rock Island. It is con-
ceeded by every one who has ever examined
this position that there is ndne equal to it in
the United States for the purposes of an
arsenal, and the argument made by gentlemen
that there is no necessity at this time for the
erection of another arsenal is not a sound or
good argument. There is no soundness in it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If tbe gentleman will
look at the details he will see that there is no
estimate forthe erection of a newarsenal. On
the contrary, they say they have appropriations
enough to complete the arsenal now in process
of construction. They want $500,000 for tools,
&c., to stock it, and all the balance except
that for the bridge is for new works.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that; but that
does not change in the least particular the
right or the reason for this appropriation. An
arsenal erected without other buildings in con-
nection with it, without the implements or
machinery and without the tools forthe manu-
facture of arms, would be a very strange
structure, indeed, of a military character. The
very reason that has been given by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] is
one of the strongest reasons why this ar-
senal should be completed ; and not only the
arsenal, but all that is necessary, contiguous
to, connected with, or necessary for the carry-
ing out of the proposition. It is faraway from
the coast; it is far from hostile portions of the
country, if there should be any; it is in the
interior; it has the outlet of the Mississippi
river and the great railroads of all parts of the
country to supply it with ores and materials
of every kind necessary to carry on the works
that belong necessarily to an arsenal. More
than that, there is and ever has been a neces-
sity of this country for more than one great
arsenal. In this very bill we find appropria-
tions for different small arsenals in this coun-
try. The intention was that two great arsenals,
the one at Springfield, Massachusetts, and this
one at Rock Island, Illinois, should supply the
wants of the people of this country either in time
of war or prior to the necessities arising from
war. And I ask the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ferriss] whether or not there is the same
necessity for the completion of this arsenal
that there was prior to the war for the Spring-
field arsenal, the Harper's Ferry arsenal, the
Augusta arsenal, and other arsenals that were
captured by the rebels during tl\c war? There
was a necessity, when we had but eighteen regi-
ments of troops in this country, for four or five
arsenals to make arms and implements of war
to supply them. When our armies are expanded
to a number much greater, and we ask an appro-
priation for only two great arsenals, gentlemen
cannot see the necessity that was seen when
that necessity really did not exist.
Now, sir, in reference to this bridge. As
was stated by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Washburn]—and he did not state the
amount sufficiently high—there is lost, or has
been lost, $600,000worth ofproperty, destroyed
by this bridge, which is an obstruction to the
free navigation of the Mississippi river. This
appropriation is for the purpose not only of
erecting a bridge and for the purpose of re-
moving an obstruction that is the cause of the
destruction of much of the commerce that floats
down the Mississippi river 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order on the pending amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. And now, I will say  
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. LOGAN. How is that? Was that gen-
tleman recognized before me ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has had
his five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. Oil another amendment.
Now, I want this question decided?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It Jias beeji decided.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir j it has not. While I
am on the floor opposing the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welker,] at the>
expiration of my time, have I not a right to
offer an amendment and then to go on and dis-
cuss that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order
except five minutes for an&five minutes agaiir.s''
each amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that; and I now
propose an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will
suspend the Chair will give his decision of the
question. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Welker] proposed an amendment, and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has
spoken for five minutes in opposition to it. The
gentleman from Illinois now proposes a new
amendment. The Chair rules that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr, Scopield] is
entitled to be heard upon it, and when he is
through, if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logak] obtains the flooy, he can oppose the
amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. Oppose my own amendment I
No, sir; I will withdraw it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I renew the amendment.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] and
some other gentlemen who have spoken on
this subject have not' debated the question
really at issue. I suppose that nobody ex-
pects to remove that arsenal or to abandon it.
I think that for certain reasons it was badly
located, but too much mcuiey has been ex-
pended on the work to justify us in abandon-
ing it now, and I am not advocating its aban-
donment. I only say that every item of the
estimates which the Department sends in, pro-
posing this large appropriation, is entirely un-
necessary at the present time for the preserva-
tion ofthat work-, except the single one which
some gentleman has moved as an amendment,
for continuing the work upon the water-power.
All the other items are for new work, and I
think I can prove that all this new work would
be unnecessary even if our Treasury were full.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. One of the items in the esti-
mates is for a fire-proof building, I believe.
Now, I ask the gentleman whether he does mot
know that a fire-proof building for the preser-
vation of the records, profiles, and everything
of that kind connected with the arsenal is as
essential as any fire-proof building for thepro-
tection of the records of the Government?
Mr. SCOFIEfcD. Mr. Chairman, in the
book of estimates, page 231, to which any
member can refer, tbe items are first given, and
then there follow some comments upon them;
and it will be seen by reading those comments
that the work for which these estimates are
submitted is entirely new and entirely unne-
cessary, unless we have the most* abundant
means.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman read
those estimates?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did read them on Sat-
urday.
Air- WELKER. Read them again.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The first item is:
For barracks for enlisted men, fire-proof, and of
Joliet stone, $200,000.
We have no enlisted men there, and do not
want any for some time to come.
"For permanent offices, fire-proof, and of Joliet
stone, $90,000.
I cannot spend any more of my time in read-
ing these estimates, which every gentleman
mayrifhe chooses, refer to for himself, liose
to discuss tbe question with reference to three
bridges. There are two bridges. One is the
bridge to the eastern shore, a wagon-road
bridge, the estimate for which is $200,000.
Last spring that bridge was swept away. In
an act passed the 25th of last July we provided
that $100,000 should complete this structure,
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman is, I think,
under a misappreheusion. There is not one
dollar or one cent in this bill for that bridge.
