1714
mE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
himself ready to accept the governments that
have been established there, where he recog-
nizes the existing state of things as the state
of things which is to last and under which he
is, to live,* hold it to be an unwise policy, a
narrow policy, a short-sighted policy to keep
him under disability ; but that, on the other
hand, wise forecast requires that we should do
all we can to conciliate that class of moderate
men, men of conservative views—I speak of
the word "conservative" in a good sense and
not a bad one—men of conservative views with
regard to the Government of the United States
as exercised in those States. I trust, therefore,
that as this is clearly a case where there are
two opinions, and some of the most respectable
opinions are in favor, of the relief of this gen-
tleman, the name will not be stricken out.
Mr. NYE. It is well known to the Senate
that I have not been among the most anxious
to relieve these men from disabilities; and yet
there is a thing of public notoriety, and there-
fore I have a right to speak of it in this case,
that it seems to me that it is due to the Sen-
ate should be made known. The Governor of
the State of Virginia and the secretary of State
or treasurer, I forget which, but it can be
ascertained by reference to the Virginia stat-
ute, and the auditor represents the interest
of the State of Virginia, which amounts to
three fifths, in her great lines of railroads con-
structed in that State. It is charged that the
Governor of that State has entered into an
arrangement to sell the interest of the State in
these railroads to outside individuals. This
man Rogers, a native Virginian, desirous to
protect the interests of the State in these roads,
amounting to many million dollars, will not
consent; and therefore they desire to keep him
under the ban so that he will be removed, for
the purpose of bringing about, if what is charged
is true, one of the most nefarious things that have
been concocted in this country. He stands
therein defense of the rights of Virginia against
men who, as is claimed, are desirous to dis-
pose of the interests of that State, and for that
reason they desire to getrid of him. If that is
the case I protest against the Senate of the
United States becoming a party to any such
thing.
Mr. WILSON. Have you reason to believe
that is so ?
Mr. NYE. I have information that leads
me to believe it is so ; I have seen affidavits in
relation to it,, and there are persons here in
this city now representing to the incoming
President, the present commander of the
Armies of the United States, that it should
not be done. I hope therefore we shall not
be swift here to declare that this man shall not
have his disabilities removed if he is standing
up there with the laudable purpose of defend-
ing the substantial and material interests of
his own State. Of this fact I have been in-
formed this morning, and I have seen some
papers that will be made public to-day, I have
no doubt. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
not reject this application, but leave it at least
to be considered hereafter.
Now, sir, I have one word more to say. I
do not comprehend the Christian logic of the
honorable member from Nebraska, [Mr. Tip-
ton.] I cannot comprehend how it is sinful
for a man to ask God or man to pardon his
sins, and I do not see any good reason why he
should not ask for himself. I think that the
honorable Senator from Nebraska when he"
comes to review that logic will find that it is
unsound. We are directed in the Bible to ask
and we shall receive, to knock and it shall be
opened unto us, but there is no promise that it
shall be opened to anybody else who knocks
for us or that we shall be forgiven if anybody
else asks for us. We ask these things for our-
selves. and 1 call the honorable Senator from
Nebraska's attention to the tact that he had
better review his Christian logic; it will not do
for an enlightened Senator. Now, sir, I have
said all I desired to say.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
if any case has been sustained before the com-
mittee this case of Mr. Rogers has been. His
petition states, in speaking of the consequences
of the rebellion, "I accepted the result, re-
ceived pardon from the President, took the
oath of allegiance anew, and am now as loyal
to the Constitution and Government of the
United States as any man."
The Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Wil-
ley] certifies over his signature, "My inform-
ation and belief are that this gentleman is
worthy of the exemption he asks." The Sec-
retary of War, General Schofield, says, " From
personal acquaintance with Mr. Rogers I have
no hesitation in recommending the removal of
his political disabilities and selection in office."
General Stoneman writes to the General of the
Army, " recommending the removal of polit-
ical disabilities in this ease," and also in the
case of William C. Wickham. Then, we have
a letter from the district attorney, who was
nominated to and who was confirmed by the
Senate, recommending the same thing; and
then a petition from a number of the loyal
citizens of Virginia to the same effect. If,
when we have the renewed oath of allegiance
of the applicant, the recommendation of the
Secretary of War, of leading members of the
political party in Virginia, of the Senator from
West Virginia, all this is not evidence suffi-
cient when there is no evidence to the contrary
to remove political disabilities, you can hardly
ever expect to have a case presented to the
Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I accept
the statement as made by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey. I think it makes out a case ;
and if such statement had been made by the
honorable Senator from Illinois in lieu of the
aspersions cast on loyal men in that State I
should have been glad to accept it from him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated that we had the
papers, butlhadthemnotinmypossession, and
I sent for them.
Mr. CONNESS. I am speaking not of what
the Senator did not state, but of what he did
state, and I say he east aspersions on loyal men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not quite willing
that the Senator from California shall charge
me with making aspersions on loyal men. I
have done no such thing. I said that  
Mr. CONNESS. I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Go on, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not give way to a
lecture. I will give way if the honorable Sen-
ator wishes to make an explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can take my time to
reply.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, sir. What I
meant by aspersions was the sneers of the honor-
able Senator at the Grant and Colfax Club.
Does the Senator deny that he sneered at them ?
The tones of his voice were eloquent in that
direction. I am not quick to do anything at the
instance of political or other clubs. I did not
go upon the testimony of that club in what I
said ; but I do think, with great deference and
respect to my friend from Illinois, that those
men have a right to make requests here without
being held up to public scorn for doing it, and
that upon a subject of this kind they have a
right to be heard and treated with considera-
tion. My purpose in rising, upon the statement
made by the Senator from New Jersey, which
seems to comprehend the facts of this ease,
was to withdraw the amendment which I had
moved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall say but a word
after what the Senator from California has
said, and would not say one word except that
his remarks, whether intentional or not, would
have a tendency to place me in a false posi-
tion. The statement that I made was not a
sneering statement at loyal men. What I stated
was that the committee had this application
before it, and had recommendations, but I had
not the papers before me, that there were many
cases, and I was unable to state the particular
facts, but that I had assurances from reliable
men that this was a proper case for relief. In
the mean time, I sent for the papers and handed
them over to the Senator from New Jersey,
who has presented them, and they are satis-
factory, I am glad to say, to the Senator from
California. And this only shows how the Sen-
ator from California is misled by just such
a proceeding as this of a Grant and Colfax
club. I did not sneer at the loyal men. The
position I took was that the Senate should
not be prejudiced in its action on removing
political disabilities by the opinionsof a polit-
ical organization. If they state facts for our
government, of course they are entitled to
consideration, not because they are a Grant
and Colfax club, but because they present
facts which should govern us in the decision
we are to make.
But I do not wish to take up time about it.
I only wish to disavow any design or intent
(and I do not think my language warrants it)
of reflecting upon men because they belong to
a Grant and Colfax organization. I am very
glad they do belong to it, but I do not wish to
be governed by their opinions merely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
fixed for the special order has arrived.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A messsage from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 568)
explanatory of the act entitled " Anactdeclar-
ing the title to land warrants in certain cases
andan enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 469)
granting the use of military equipments for the
inauguration ceremonies ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had on this
day signed and approved the following en-
rolled bills :
A bill (S. No. 467) to confirm an entry of
land by Moses F. Shiuu ; and
A bill (S. No. 068) to authorize certain banks
named therein to change their names.
MISSION AT MADRID.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
Rpsnlved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if in his opinion compatible with the
public iuterest, to transmit to the Senate copies of
all correspondence on file in the State Department
between the minister of the United States at Madrid
and the secretary of the legation at the same place
within the last two years.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
suspending the sixteenth and seventeenth
joint resolutions of the two Houses during
the remaining term of this Congress, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The Senate subsequently concurred in the
resolution.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2014) in relation to bridges
over the Ohio river ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 470) in refer-
ence to the proper completion of the Pacific
railroads and branches.
ENROLLED RILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (H. R. No. 466) donating condemned
cannon and muskets for the McPherson mon-
ument; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
PAY OF COMMTTTUK CLERKS.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following res-
olution for consideration :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senato bo. aiul
he is hereby, authorized to pay to the -committee
