10
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
December 7,
Mr. BROOMALL. I understand that there
is a Committee on Revision of the Laws.
The SPEAKER. There was a select com-
mittee of that kind, which has been made a
standing committee of the House.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that this bill be
referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
recall 0¥ reverdy johnson.
Mr. MORRELL introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 365) requesting the President
to recall Reverdy Johrison, minister to England;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MORRELL. I desire the consideration
of this resolution at the present time, and call
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the joint resolution to be engrossed aud
read the third time, on which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morrell] demands
the previous question.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives,
&e„ That the conduct of Reverdy Johnson, minister
to England, is prejudicial to the interests and dignity
of this nation, and the President is hereby requested
to immediately order his recall.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the joint
resolution be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table takes precedence of the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it in order now to make
any remarks?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MOttKELL. I withdraw the call for
the previous question, and move the reference
of the joint resolution to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] withdraw the
motion to lay on the table?
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir. We are without
any facts to justify the assertion contained in
the resolution.
The motion of Mr.RANDALLwasnot agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion to refer the joint resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, if we vote
down the motion to refer, can we not afterward
have a square vote 011 the resolution?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to refer be
voted down, the previous question, under the
rules, will not exhaust itself until the vote on
the third reading of me joint resolution.
On the motion to refer the joint resolution
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs there
were—ayes 94, noes 41.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal revenue assessors.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1406) to reduce the number of assessors of
L nited States revenue; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
amendment op bankrupt law.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1467) repealing so much of the third sec-
tion of the general bankrupt law, approved
March 2, 1867, as directs the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States to
nominate and recommend registers in bank-
ruptcy, and to vest that appointing power in
the President of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
powers op conference committees.
Mr. RANDALL submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of introduc-
ing an amendment to the joint rules taking from
all committees of conference the power of increasing
in amount any item of appropriation bills in which
the two Houses have concurred, or of introducing any
new item of appropriation not previously considered
by the House or the Senate.
public affairs in georgia.
Mr. SCOFIELD submitted the following
resolution; on which he demanded the previous
question :
Resolved, That the Committee on Reconstruction
examine into the condition of public affairs in
(Georgia, and that the committee have power to send
for persons and papers.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
benjamin w. perkins.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I was not pres-
ent when the State of Massachusetts was called,
and I ask leave to offer a resolution which' I
promised the House last session should be pre-
sented, but which I was prevented from offer-
ing by an accident at the close of the session.
It is in pursuance of a promise I made to the
House.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to use
the good otFiccs of this Government for the purpose
of obtaining from the Russian Governmentaprompt
and just consideration and settlement of the claims
of Benjamin W. Perkins, and other citizens of the
United .States, arising under contracts with said Rus-
sian Government, made pending tho Crimean war.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have
some explanation of that resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will agree
to it.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope that resolution will
be referred to the Committee on Foreien
Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection. -Let it
be so modified. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
president's impeachment expenses.
Mr. ARCHER submitted the following reso-
lution ; on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciarybe
requested to report a bill appropriating the sum of
$50,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to re-
imburse President Johnson for the expenses incurred
by him in defendinghimself in the impeachment trial.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman think
that $50,000 wili reimburse all of the President's
expenses?
Mr. ARCHER. I do, sir.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution gives rise
to debate it must, under the rule, lie over.
The resolution was-laid on the table.
f. j. moses, of sodtii carolina.
Mr. WHITTEMORE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1468) to remove the disabilities of F.
J. Moses, a citizen of South Carolina; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
andrew ramsay, oe south carolina.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1469) to remove the disability of
Andrew Ramsay, a citizen of South Carolina;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. TIFT submitted a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Georgia petitioning Con-
gress to remove from every citizen of Georgia,
irrespective of party associations, all disabili-
ties imposed by the third section of the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution of the
united States known as "ArticleXIVwhich
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
improvement oe mobile bay and harbor.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1470) to provide for the improvement of
the bay and harbor of Mobile; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
naturalization lavs.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following
resolution; on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire what amendments to the laws
relating to naturalization are needed to give greater
security and purity to elections, and particularly
whether there ought not to be such provisions en-
acted as—
1. To confine the power of receiving declarations
of intention to become citizens and of issuing let-
ters or certificates of naturalization to the courts of
the United States and the higher courts of record of
the several States.
2: To require uniformity of proceedings in all such
cases in the several courts so authoiized.
_ 3. To require that each such certificate of declara-
tion or letter of naturalization shall be signed by the
judge presiding in the court from which the same
may be issued, as well as attested by tho seal of the
court and signature of its clerk.
4. To require, under proper penalties, a complete
record to be kept of all the steps and proceedings
had in the case of each such application, including a
full copy of the certificate of declaration issued or
letter of naturalization granted, and the testimony
m full-on which any such letter was) granted; and
also a full and convenient index of the names of
persons naturalized.
5. To authorize letters of naturalization hereafter
to be issued m four years after arrival in the United
states, but conditioned only to take effect so as to
confer rights of citizenship one year after the date
01 such issue;
And that the said committee be instructed to report
at as early a day as practicable by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting the Committee 011
Revision of Laws of the United States, in-
stead of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer to have it go to
the Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative yeas 82, nays 125, not voting
63 ; as follows :
n^?ASiTMeSSJ?- Adn™s- Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
rli;Boycr' SuIr{, PhanI?r- Ela> Eldridgo, Fox,
Glossbrenner, Hotehkiss, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr!
wfhlnAv Ph ? McCormick. McOulloupfh, Mungen,
_j\iblack, Phelos, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Taber,
W„^ienw 6f Jumble. Van Auken, Van Trump,
iS A-\Vof.(lwiu"'' "'r") Young—32.
ivr p;frs- Anderson, Arnell, James
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair. Boutwell. Boy-
den Broomall Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick B..
Pli-te S?jIe' > u<iry, Churchill, Reader ~W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley
Ouliom, Dawes, Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Donnelly!
iickley, Edwards^ Iiggleston, Eliot, l'arnsworth,
Ferriss, lerry, Frfids, French, Goss. Gove. Gravely,
Haughey, Heaton, flisby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins
Chester D Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, IngersolF
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Keliey'
&«VKt KT^he?' ?00ni kaflin. Lash,
George V.Lawrence,Lincoln,Loan, Lynch, Mallory
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur,
