1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not discussing the
main bridge, the one for which the estimates
propose an appropriation of $800,000. I am
discussing this other bridge, which comes in
as one item ; and I say that we last summer
made an appropriation of $100,000 for this
bridge, and provided that this sum should com-
plete the structure ; yet we now have an esti-
mate of $200,000 for the same bridge.
Mr. BLAINE. No; we have not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I have
studied this subject carefully, and I think I
know something about it. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, I want to say something about this other
bridge, for which an appropriation of $500,000
is asked. I agree with my friend from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] that the present bridge
is an obstruction to navigation and ought to be
removed. 1 do not doubt that at all. But the
question is whether the rich company which the
otherday divided among its stockholders thirty-
three per cent, in cash upon the stock in ad-
dition to the ordinary semi-annual dividends
shall be compelled to build its own bridge, or
whether we shall go on and build the bridge
forthem. The pretext is thatwe want a wagon-
road swinging under the bridge. But we can
get along very well without it. It is proposed,
at an expense of $1,000,000, $500,000 being
appropriated in this bill, to build this bridge
for this company.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. I desire to offer a substitute for
the entire paragraph. Strike out the para-
graph as it is in the bill, and in lieu thereof
insert the following:
For arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illinois,
$750,0011: Provided, That $500,000 shall be applied to
the building of abridge connecting Hock Island with
the cities of Rock Island and Davonnoi I, nod the re-
mainder to the construction of store-lioases tor arms
and machinery.
Mr. Chairman, in the establishment of this
arsenal at Rock Island I had no lot or part,
and whether it was wisely done or otherwise I
do not discuss now. And I have nothing to
say specially with reference to this arsenal ex-
cept this, and I ask the attention of members
to this fact, which has not yet been alluded to.
At the last session of Congress a law was
passed authorizing the Secretary of War to sell
the arsenal grounds in the city of St. Louis.
There is a very large amount of machinery,
tools, and ordnance of various kinds at that
arsenal. Having stopped all work there, and
no appropriation is now asked for that work,
the sale of those grounds will bring from
three hundred and fifty to five hundred thou-
sand dollars. But, sir, they cannot be sold.
It is left in the discretion of the Secretary of
War to sell them, but with the provision that they
shall not be sold until these tools and machinery
shall be transported to Bock Island. There
are no storehouses at Rock Island to receive
those materials for the purpose of storing them,
and until they have been received and stored
the sale of the St. Louis arsenal grounds can-
not take place. They are inside of the cor-
porate limits of St. Louis, and are surrounded
by a large population. There is no work going
on there, and they are withheld from sale,
■without any compensating advantage to the
Government—the Treasury not receiving one
dollar from them. The sale of the St Louis
arsenal will bring into the Treasury more than
the amount appropriated in my substitute for
the construction of these storehouses.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What has it to do with
Rock Island?
Mr. PILE. Unless these storehouses are
constructed at Rock Island to receive the ma-
terials, tools, machinery, ordnance, &c., now
at St. Louis, the arsenal grounds at the latter
place cannot be sold.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The estimates say that
this appropriation is asked for the construction
of new buildings to replace the old ones, and
yet we began this only two years ago,
Mr. PILE. I think the gentleman mistakes
the estimates, or the gentleman who made
them is mistaken, for I know that these build-
ings are not completed. 1
Now, I wish to say one word about this
bridge. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Soon eld] mistakes about this bridge.
He does not reach the point at all. The truth
is that this railroad company, through the un-
guarded legislation of Congress, has the right
of way over this bridge, and they cannot be
compelled to tear that bridge down and remove
it without some compromise. We liave tried
that already in the courts. Because of the" un-
guarded legislation of Congress this bridge was
erected there, imposing, as it does, a heavy taxa
tion upon our people every year. Every man,
woman, and child who passes over that bridge
does so at the imminent peril of his or her life.
A quarter per cent, of tax is laid in the way
of insurance on every foot of pine wood that
comes to St. Louis, because the pier of that
bridge stands diagonally to the current, and
the water goes through in such a whirl that
every raft and boat that undertakes to go
through is in peril of being smashed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the bridge be such an
obstruction to navigation it is an illegal struc-
ture and can be abated as a nuisance. I have
heard gentlemen from the West declare that it
is an illegal structure and ought to be abated
as a nuisance.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. I withdraw the amendment for
the purpose of letting the gentleman from Illi-
nois renew it.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment, and
I wish to reply to the remarks of gentlemen
in reference to this building, which it is said is
unnecessary. I wish the Committee on Appro-
priations would explain this thing as to why
they are so averse to building decent quarters
for soldiers. We are told because there are
no soldiers there we need no such quarters.
Explain to me whether there ever was an
arsenal in the world without barracks for the
accommodation of the soldiers necessary for
its protection in times of danger. It is neces-
sary also to have a place where prisoners may
besecured,and thousands of them were impris-
soned here during the war. Soldiers will have
to be kept there as guards for the protection of
the machinery and other property, and bar-
racks must be erected for their accommodation
and comfort. Now, what kind of barracks do
you propose to have ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. They have veryfinewooden
buildings there now, I understand.
Mr. LOGAN. I say to the gentleman that
he is mistaken. I have been at the Rock Island
arsenal, and I know they have no kind of
wooden buildings. You must have soldiers
there for the protection of the ordnance, and
you must have engineers and men at work.
The soldiers must have barracks and the offi-
cers must have quarters. Now, if you build
an arsenal there such as will be in character
with this Government, $200,000 is not an ex-
travagant appropriation. You do not want to
build houses that will last only six months;
you ought to build them of material that will
endure, because, this arsenal being established
there, it is expected to stand as long as we re-
quire arsenals in this country. It is cheaper
in the end to build such barracks as are com-
fortable, commodious, and healthful; and this
appropriation is not too much for that pur-
pose. What kind of barracks, pray tell me,
would §50,000 build? Will any man say that
two companies of soldiers would be too large
a number to be kept there for ordinary pur-
poses when this arsenal is in full operation and
the machinery in full blast turning out arms?
I presume not. What kind of a place would
you put two hundred soldiers in ? Would you
put them in a pen? Would you put them in
one room ? Why, sir, you must have a place
sufficientto accommodate them ; a place where
they can live and breathe, unless you want to
stifle them and cause them to die as men do
in miserable prisons. If you expect to protect
the health of your men, and act toward them
as this Government has tried to do toward its
defenders, you must allow them to have decent
barracks.
Now let me call the attention of the House
to the remarks made in the estimates in refer-
ence to this proposition:
"1. The present accommodations for enlisted men
are unsuitable for the purpose, being extremely tem-
porary, cold, and unhealthy, and entirely too small
for the number of men authorized to be stationed
here,, and which ought to be increased."
Here it is declared that the present accom-
modations are entirely too small, and are tempo-
rary, cold, and unhealthy; and yet we are told
by gentlemen here that no money must be ap-
propriated for the comfort and health of the
soldiers at these barracks. But further :
"2. The present offices arc tomporary, and very
cold and unhealthy in the winter season, it being
almost impossible to heat thom for comfortable oc-
cupancy.
*'3. The quarters now occupied by the subaltern
officers at this arsenal are of a very temporary char-
acter, are last deteriorating, and will be entirely un-
lit for occupation by the time permanent quarters
can be built. _
"4. There is no guard-house.no dark prison, or
means of properly confining prisoners here. It is
deemed better to build a permanent guard-house
ana prisons at once than to build temporary ones
now and permanent ones hereafter."
That is the true theory, in my judgment, in re-
gard to this work ; the structure should be one
of stability and usefulness, not such a one as
will berequired to be torn down in six or twelve
mftnths. Hence I say the appropriation is not
one that is sufficient, and if it was left to me
I should^ allow a larger amount. I know
something about soldiers' barracks and what
is necessary for the care and protection of our
men.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
And provided further. That a proportionate partof
this sum, sufficient for the purpose, shall be applied
to the completion of tiio Molino water-power at the
head of Rock Island, to carry out existing contracts.
I move that as an amendment to the original
text, not as an amendment to the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Missouri. The
committee wilt take notice that it is substan-
tially like that offered on Saturday, which I am
told was voted upon iu my absence this morn-
ing and without the notice of members of the
committee was declared to be lost. I desire a
vote on this amendment with the attention of
the committee directed to it. Now, I believe
it is not disputed that it is a part of the exist-
ing contract between the Government and the
Moline Water-Power Company that that power
shall he improved, and I hope that the Govern-
ment is not going to repudiate that contract.
The Moline Water-Power Company, as I said
on Saturday when the committee perhaps was
not as full as it is now, agreed with the Gov-
ernment to surrender all its right to improve
that water-power, and they surrendered every-
thing and deeded over to the Government the
entire thing, but upon the condition that the
Government should go on and make certain
improvements. The expenditures the company
had made were put in at so much, and iu con-
sideration thereof the Government agreed to
expend so much, and to make such and such im-
provements to this power, and the Government
is then to share with the Moline company the
use of it, the company to have one fourth of it.
Now, because the Government refuses or neg-
lects to improve the water-power, thereby aug-
menting and increasing it, the Moline company
are prevented from selling or leasing any part
of the power, as it otherwise might.
Now, I do not agree precisely with my col-
league who last addressed the committee, [Mr.
Logan.] I do not believe that it is necessary
that we should appropriate $30,000 to build a
guard-house of Joliet stone on the island. I do
not believe that a dark prison, which is spoken
of here in these note's by the officer who made
the estimate at a cost of $30,000 and to be made
of stone drawn one hundred miles upon the rail-
road, is necessary at that arsenal at this time.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me one wopd rjglij, tbere.
I am very much astonished th^t my colleague
should say that he differs with me about tljg
necessity qf building? of stc;i}e. J said nothing
gijowt ?tone.
