IHE -OON-GrRESSIOFAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not gay my
colleague said, anything about stone. I am
speaking of the estimates. I say I do not agree
with By colleague that it i® necessary to appro-
priate $30;000to build a guard-house, and I call
the attention oi' the comnaittee to the fact that
it is estimated for by the officer as follows:
"for,guard-house.,iire proof, and of Joliet stone,
$30,000," la the notes accompanying the esti-
mates he says:. " there is no guard-house and
dark, prison, 6r means of properly .confining
prisonersand that " it is deemed better to
build a pfrmafient guard-house at ©nee than to
IfflilA a, teippory one now and a permanent one
h«reafteyi'' I am not aware that they have got
a single -prisoner to guard, or anybody that it is
accessary to put in a dark prison, and especially
one made of Joliet stone, to be hauled one hun-
dred'miles. When I tell the committee that
the manufacturers at Moline build heavy fac-
tories of the stone, which they quarry upon-the
ground, it will seem a little more extraordinary
that the officer should put in such an estimate
as this. He proposes also to build barracks
for enlisted, men at $200,000. Money is cer-
tainly worth ten' ,per cent., and tbeije is $20,000
u. year by way of rental for barracks for enlisted
jnen, and they haye got, I understand, very fair
barracks there now, and no enlisted men thore.
[Here the hammer fell.]
,Mr. JUDD. It seems to me that if the com-
mittee could understand precisely wtiere they
are there would not be quite so many side
issues made upon this report of the Committe.e
on Appropriations. My colleague [Mr. Far.vs-
yvorth] has just been discussing the question
of buildings. He will allow me to call his
attention to the fact that the estimates of the
War Department amounted to $1,550,000.
Allow me to call his attention to the further
fact that the report of the committee is for
only $1,000,000. All of the items estimated
for in the report of the Secretary of War have
been stricken out by the committee, and only
that sum left in the bill which is necessary to
carry out the contracts of the Government to-
day—the plighted faith of the Government.
Mr. FARNSW0 RTH. I desire to correct
my colleague.
Mr. JUDD. I have only five minutes, and
I cannot yield. I desire to explain what 1
mean by that. There is a bridge there, as has
been stated, belonging to the railroad compa-
nies, crossing the island. Gentlemen here have
called that bridge a nuisance. I have no in-
terest in it now, tout years ago I was connected
with it, and I defended that old structure for
eight long years through all the courts; and
although my friend from St. Louis [Mr. Pile]
and my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn'] say it is such a nuisance, they have
been unable for eight years to get any court,
State or Federal, to declare it an obstruction
to navigation.
Mi-. WASHBURN, ofWisconsiu. You had
too much money at your backs.
Mr. JUDD. Itis not good taste on the part
of my friend from Wisconsin [Mr, Washburn]
to come here and charge corruption upon the
judiciary of the country.
Mr. WASHB URN, of Wisconsin. I do not.
Mr. JUDD. It seems to me that such an in-
sinuation is in bad taste. Besides that, I have
*10 personal interest in this matter, nor has any-
body else that I know of, at the present day.
The Government said the structure of the rail-
road company across the island and river was
in their way. The company was contented to
let it remain as it was, but the Government
said", "You must get out of our way;'' and
Congress by its action compelled the company
to enter into a sealed agreement with the Gov-
erment of the United States to take away the
old bridge upon condition that the Govern-
ment should joiu in building a new bridge. So
that to-day there is a contract between the
railroad company and the United States, for
which this ip800,000 is demanded to carry out
the contract.
One word further. Th& other $200,000 of I
this million goeg to the little town-of Moline. II
In order to carry on its work th« Government
demanded the water-power at Moline. That
water-power was the property of the individ-
uals who constituted the company. Under the
action of Congress those individuals surren-
dered their property and deeded it to the Gov-
ernment of the United States upon condition
that the Government would make certain im-
provements in the water-power. This $200,000
is to carry out that contract.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I think this question has
been debated about enough. At all events I
will test the sense of the committee by moving
to rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
the gentleman will yield to me for a moment
to reply to some remarks make by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Jtod.]
Mr. BLAINE. Very well; I will yield to
the gentleman for two or three minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Notwith-
standing what my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Judd] has said, I undertake to say here that
the navigation of the Mississippi river above
this bridge suffers an annual loss of $1,000,000
in consequence of the maintenance of the
bridge. And thanks to his ability as a lawyer,
and thanks to the power of the railroads which
have stood behind him, he has been able to
break down my constituents, who, poor and
humble as many of them are, have been com-
pelled to go into the courts, where they have
been broken down and worn out by the power
which has sustained my friend from Chicago,
[Mr. Jron.] In saying that I do not intend
to impugn the integrity of the courts, nor did
I so intend in any remark I before made. I
am bound to say, after looking over these esti-
mates, that I think some of them are extrav-
agant ; at least those for purposes not con-
nected with this bridge. For instance, the
item of $200,000 for barracks is too large ; I
think one half of that amount might be dis-
pensed with. But I will not discuss that mat-
ter, holding the floor, as I do, by the courtesy
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
Mr. BLAINE. At the suggestion and re-
quest of various gentlemen, I move that the
committee now rise for the purpose of closing
the debate on this paragraph. I have no desire
myself to arbitrarily stop debate on this bill.
But this paragraph was debated a long time
on Saturday last, and it has been debated for
a considerable time to-day. Therefore I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose of
closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and, Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Ferry reported that the com-
mittee, according to order_, had had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 1803, making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June SO, 1870, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
business FOR to-NIGHT's SESSION.
M!r. BLAINE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of WaysandMeans, [Mr. Schexck,] not
now in his seat, suggested to me that, inasmuch
as their preparations in regard to the tax bill are
not yet quite completed, the session of this even-
ing be devoted to a continuance of the consid-
eration of the Army bill. That will be entirely
agreeable to me if it is to theHouse. Itherefore
ask unanimous consent that the order for busi-
ness for this evening be changed in accordance
with that suggestion of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BOYER. Does that require unanimous
consent ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It does.
Mr. BOYER. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. I move, then, to suspend
the rules for the purpose of making the order
I have indicated.
The motion was agreed-to, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof;) and the order was accord-
ingly made.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that- when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of the Army
appropriation bill all debate on the pending
paragraph shall be closed' in fifteen minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the
motion by striking out "fifteen minutes" and
substituting "one minute."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Blaine was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to resume the consideration of the
Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Ferry in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (EL JR. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 80, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN. By the order of the
House debate upon the pending paragraph will
terminate in fifteen minutes.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Chairman, a simple state-
ment of the facts in reference to the matter
ought, it appears to me, to settle it, although
probably it will not in the minds of some gen-
tlemen. In 1804 Congress passed a law pro-
viding for the appointment of a commission to
examine Rock Island, the principal part of
which belongs to the United States, to ascer-
tain whether it would be advisable for the
Government to purchase the remainder of that
island and hold the whole of it for military
purposes. A commission was appointed, of
which General Scofield, the present Secretary
of War, was the president. The commission
was also charged with the additional duty—if
they should report in favor of the Govern-
ment acquiring the whole of the island—of
reporting whether a bridge should be con-
structed to the main land; and if so, where it
should be placed, what kind of a bridge it
should be, and how much that bridge should
cost. General Scofield and the other commis-
sioners went upon the ground, spent a great deal
of time there, returned to Washington, and
made their report that in their judgment it was
for the interest of the Government that the
whole island should be owned by the United
States for military purposes, and that a bridge
should be built, specifying where it should be
built, of what materialit should be constructed,
and how much it should cost. In pursuance
of and in conformity with the report of that
commission Congress passed an act making an
appropriation to buy that part of the island
that was not already owned by the Government.
The money was paid, and the Government thus
acquired possession of the entire island. All
the legislation since had on the subject, and all
the work that has been done have been in pur-
suance of and in conformity with the recom-
mendation of that commission. Now, I submit
to gentlemen who have never visited that island,
and whose knowledge of the subject is only
theoretical, whether the opinion of the present
Secretary of War, who, when he was an officer
of the Army was' charged specially with the
duty of examining that ground with reference
to these questions, is not entitled to considera-
ble weight in this matter? With this sugges-
tion I leave that part of the question.
Now, I want to say to gentlemen that the
estimates which have been read here, both from
the desks of members and from the Clerk's
desk,about "officers' quarters, $200,000," "a
dark prison," and a good many other things
that I cannot remember, are, it is true, to be
found in the book of estimates ; but not one
dollar of appropriation for such purposes is
contained in the bill as we have it before us
to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man when I have so little time. - -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The statement just
