jtiw
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
these appropriations, become the property of
the United. States, without farther treaty, with-
out further expenditure of money, and that
those who are on them—the wild Indians, un-
controlled and governed by no law—may be
eon trolled and, governed by the law that is put
in operation by the movements of the Army
as determined by those appropriations.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know, sir, that
this amendment is of much importance one
way or the other, but it strikes me as intro-
ducing into oar legal code a principle which
has not hitherto been recognized by the United
States, a principle which is, in my view, an
anomaly not founded exactly injustice, accord-
ing to my imperfect vision. There are still
vast tracts of country within the jurisdictional
limits of the United States occupied by wild
Indians who exist in the shape of tribes with
whom we are in the habit of almost daily dip-
lomatic intercourse—tribes which we recognize
as possessing certain national powers. Even
the Constitution itself recognizes the Indian
tribes as nations or communities capable of
entering into treaties with the United States.
That has always been the practice of the Gov-
ernment up to this day. Whatever injury or
injustice may have been done to the Indians
heretofore in our past history—and those inju-
ries have doubtless upon occasion been great
and flagrant, as I admit—still we have recog-
nized the Indian tribes as political bodies
possessing certain elements of national inde-
pendence. If they had not been so regarded
by the framers of the Constitution they would
not have been careful to insert a clause in the
Constitution authorizing us to enter into trea-
ties with Indian tribes, as is done in express
terms.
Now, sir, the law which has prevailed in
relation to Indians from the time of the dis-
covery of the continent down to the present
time is, in general terms, this: the Indian
tribes are recognized as possessing the right
of occupancy of the soil where they subsist,
and ail the right acquired by the Government
of the United States or of any European nation
over them was the right of preemption to their
lands. It is not, perhaps, strictly true to say
that the nations of Europe and the United
States have recognized in the Indian tribes the
fee-simple title of their lands, but all our his-
tory shows that we have regarded them as
entitled to the right of occupancy until they
had parted with that right by a formal treaty
of cession. This amendment, however, de-
clares that all territory lying within the United
States which has not been ceded by the Indian
tribes to the United States, which lies wild and
unoccupied by white men, shall be the absolute
property of the United States. I think that is
the language of the amendment. If I am
wrong I would thank the Chair to correct me.
Is not the expression " absolute property ?"
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. Not "absolute."
Let the amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
An<l In' U further enacted. That the public domain
within the jurisdiction of the United States, other
thsin that guarantied by treaty to Indian tribes or
otherwise heretofore granted by law, be, and it is
hereby, declared the solo property of the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. " Sole property." There
is not much difference, lam not sure that there
is auy appreciable difference between the two
expressions, " absolute property," which is the
phrase! used, and "sole property" which is
the language of the amendment. Now, sir,
I can never give my consent to such a proposi-
tion as that. I think that under the law3 of
nations and under tbe Constitution land which
has not been ceded by the Indians to the Uni-
ted States and which lies in its original wild-
RG&i pf nature is not the sole property of the
United States, and we cannot make it so by an
act of Congr«8# without a gross usurpation of
fte rights of the Indians recognized by our
own Constitution as well as by the principles
of humanity upon which this Government has
ever endeavored to act toward the Indian tribes.
I object therefore to the enactment of the
clause which seems to usurp a title, a juris-
diction, and a property, so to speak, which
has never been recognized in the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I am inclined to think that
it is doubtful whether the amendment ought to
be adopted. I do not know how it might affect
the right of preemptors to go on to*Indian res-
ervations, nor do I know how it might affect
railroad grants or the ,rights of railroad com-
panies that have grants £o take up lands now
within the possessory limits of Indian tribes—
lands for which they have no paper title what-
ever. I see no good that could grow out of it,
but possibly considerable danger to the rights
of Indian tribes who may be holding lands with-
out any paper title whatever. I think it is too
important to come in in this way without ex-
amination by some committee of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I think so.
Mr. SPRAGUE. One object that I had in
proposing the amendment was for the beuefit
of the Indian tribes themselves, for it has be-
come a public scandal that of the money appro-
priated to carry into effect the Indian treaties
little or none of it reaches the tribes themselves.
The United States Government is satisfied when
it has paid the money, and from that time there-
after the Indians may starve or be destroyed ;
the Government cares not. I do not intend by
this amendment to take away one dollar of
money that it is proper to expend in the care
and in the proteciion of the Indian tribes; but
it is my object that at first these lands, under
cover of a dodge, shall not be stolen, and that
after that the money which is appropriated for
that stealing shall go to the tribes themselves
for their protection, security, and benefit.
This amendment may not have all the ele-
ments necessary to carry that object into effect;
but it is pertinent. Every child who can read
a newspaper knows that our Indians in the
West are first recognized as nation, and then
are destroyed by citizens of the United States,
whose doings are connived at by the operations
of the Government of the United States. I
have occupied a seat here and witnessed that
kind of operation with disgust. I see here in
your appropriation bills large appropriations
for the movements of your armies in the West
toward occupying the lands in the interior
of this country and in the center of this conti-
nent, and we are soon to take possession of
Alaska. There hundreds of millions of the
people's money are to be appropriated in trea-
ties for the repurchase of that territory, to be
received by whom? By the Indians? No, sir;
by those who go to Alaska and make the trea-
ties with the Indians—-the lobbyites who are
concerned in such operations. These are the
men who are to receive the people's money
for lands that we assume to purchase from the
Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt that the
Senator's purpose was patriotic and in every
sense honorable to his head and heart; but I
can think of cases where this amendment might
operate directly to the reverse of what the Sen-
ator intends. The amendment declares, if 1
have understood its reading correctly, that all
public lands not ceded to Indians by treaty, or
declared to be theirs by law, shall become
public domain. Now, there are Indian tribes
who are settled on lands set apart by the Pres-
ident of the United States by a simple execu-
tive order; and I am not sure but that there
are others located on what are called reserves
by orders from the Interior Department who
are not supported directly by any law or any
treaty stipulation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to my
friend from Rhode Island, as this is a declara-
tion of a principle of law which does not seem
to be entirely germane to this bill to withdraw
it. I should take it as a favor if he would
withdraw it now and offer it at some other
time on some other bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. My .object has been at-
tained, and I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill by
inserting the following additional section :
And be it further enacted, That officers of the Army
when retired on account of wounds or other dis-
ability received in the volunteer service shall bo
tetired under the sameconditions as though they bad
been serving in the regular Army at the time suoh
wounds*or disability were received.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the effect of that?
Mr. WILSON. The effect is to put the men
who have served in the volunteer service, and
have been wounded or broken down in the
service on the same footing that they would be
if they had been serving in the regular Army.
We have some such officers. In fact very many
regular Army officers were wounded in the
volunteer service, and we have some such offi-
cers who have been appointed in the Veteran
Reserve corps, whose wounds after healing up
have reopened so that they are in a condition
where it is proper that they should be retired.
This puts them on the same footing with other
officers.
Mr. GRIMES. What is that? Full pay?
Mr. WILSON. The same as to other officers
who are retired. There should not beany dis-
crimination made against them, because they
received their wounds or disabilities in the
service of the country.
Mr. GRIMES. How much additional pay
will it give ?
Mr. WILSON. Take the case of an officer
in the Army who two years ago, when we in-
creased the regular Army, was appointed from
the volunteer service. He was wounded badly,
perhaps, and put in the Veteran Reserve corps.
Now he can be mustered out of service with-
out having any pay. That has been the con-
struction. I want to put him on the same
footing as though his wounds were received in
the regular line of the Army. I think it is
right and proper.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if this affects any other officers
than those appointed in the Veteran Reserve
corps ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that it affects
any other officers than those in the Veteran
Reserve corps ; but if there are any volunteer
officers who have received wounds who have
been appointed into the regular Army from
the volunteers, and their wounds should break
out afresh, or they should in consequence of
them become unfit for service, so that they
ought to be retired, they should be retired
on the same footing with officers who were
wounded in the regular service.
Mr. CORBETT. It leaves out the officers
who may be wounded and may now be unable
to do any service who have not been appointed
in the Veteran Reserve corps. It does not give
them any pay.
Mr. GRIMES. No; and that is the inequi-
table thing about it. To-day out of all the offi-
cers in the volunteer service of the United States
during the war who were wounded there have
been selected enough to officer four regiments
of the Veteran Reserve corps. They were gen-
erally wounded men, but they were selected
not merely because they were wounded and
disabled officers, but because they were friends
of men who had influence. They would ordi-
narily go on to the retired list when they became
entirely disabled and get half pay. Now, it is
proposed that they shall all be retired with full
pay. That is the meaning of it; but there is
no proposition to pay the man who was in the
volunteer service but who was not a favorite so as
to be promoted into the Veteran Reserve corps
anything additional to the pittance of a pension
he is drawing under your pension laws.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to ask a
question of the Senator from Massachusetts as
to the effect of this amendment. Suppose an
officer to hold the rank of captain in the regular
Army and the rank of major general in the
