1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1717
volunteer forces, if he is retired under this sec-
tion may he not take his choice and be retired
as a major general with the pay of major general
instead of that of captain ?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the Senator from Massachusetts not to give his
assent to that proposition, but it seems to me the
amendment is susceptible of that construction.
Mr. GRIMES. By reference to the one
hundred and fifteenth page of the Army Regis-
ter it will be seen exactly what this proposes
to do. Here is a list of " officers retired upon
the full pay and rank of the command held by
them when wounded, in conformity with sec-
tions sixteen and seventeen of the act of August
3, 1861, and section thirty-two of the act of
July 13, 1866." A man who held the rank of
brigadier general in the volunteer forces up to
the close of the war and then was appointed to
acaptaiiicy in the Veteran Reserve corps, would
be retired under this amendment according to
the rank he held at the time he was wounded.
Mr. CORBETf. He would receive half pay
according to that rank, so that if he was a brig-
adier he would receive half a brigadier's pay,
while if he served as a brigadier and did not
get into the Veteran Reserve corps he would
receive only a pension of thirty dollars a month.
One gets $360 a year, while the other who is
able to secure a position in the Veteran Re-
serve corps gets perhaps $2,000 a year. It
seems to me that is unjust. There ought to be
some uniformity in this matter, and the pro-
vision we make ought to apply as well to those
who have not been assigned to the Veteran
Reserve corps as to those who have.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment
for the present.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
ROY.) The question is on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole; and the question will be taken on all
the amendments collectively unless some Sen-
ator desires a separate vote. *
Mr. MORTON. I move to strike out so much
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts from the Military Committee as
refers to brigadier generals.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
then desires a separate vote on that particular
amendment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted from the general vote of
concurrence.
The other amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment reserved at the suggestion of the Senator
from Indiana will now be read.
The amendment was read, being to add to
the bill:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the President
is hereby authorized anddirected to reduce the Army
of the United States as rapidly as the iuterests of the
public service will permit, in the manner and to the
extent hereinafter specified. The number of infan-
try regiments shall bo reduced to thirty by consolida-
tion, and no more enlistmentsshall bemade into the
infantry or artillery until thenumberof enlisted men
in each regiment tails below the minimum number
prescribed by law, and thereafter the number of en-
listed men shall not exceed the minimum; and no
appointment of brigadier general shall be made until
the number be reduced to less than eight, and there-
after there shall be but eight brigadier generals in
the Army.
Mr. MORTON. Imove to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "and no ap-
pointments of brigadier generals shall be made
until the number be reduced to less than eight,
and thereafter there shall be but eight briga-
dier generals in the Army."
By the section the reduction of the Army is
left entirely to the discretion of the President,
and it is proper also to leave to the President
the discretion of filling these vacancies or not.
1 he chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs will make no objection to my amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. The effect of the prop-
osition I understand to be to leave the number
of brigadier generals as at present authorized
by law.
Mr. MORTON. Tes, sir; and to leave it in
the discretion of the President whether he will
fill up any vacancies.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana may or may not remember that on a recent
day the Senate by a very large vote adopted a
provision not only in harmony with this clause
as it stands, but going somewhat further—a
provision recalling, I might say withdrawing
altogether the power to till up the two existing
vacancies in the grade of brigadier general
until the further direction of Congress. It was
then the clear judgment of this body that the
action I speak of should be taken. I do not
remember whether the Senator from Indiana
was in his seat or not. The provision which it
is proposed to strike out, although it does not
go so far, is in harmony with that action; and
now the Senator proposes to obliterate this so
as entirely to dispense so far with all idea of
reduction of the Army. I hope it will not be
stricken out.
Mr. MORTON. That bill has not become
a law.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it has become a
law.
"Mr. MORTON. There are reasons why I
think this provision ought to be stricken out
and the matter left to the discretion of the
President to determine whether he will fill
these vacancies or not. The reduction of the
Army is left in his discretion. He may have
occasion to reduce it in the next year or two
or he may not. It has therefore been wisely
concluded to leave with him the solution of
that question, and it should be left with him to
determine the question whether these vacan-
cies be filled or not. He may find it important
to fill these vacancies, and I think it very likely
he will. It is for that reason I move to strike
out that clause so as to leave it with the Pres-
ident as the rest is left with the President.
Mr. CONKLING. Consistency throughout
would be perhaps too much to exact even from
a body so eminent as this; but I submit to the
Senator from Indiana and the Senate that it
would look very strange, it would be a curious
specimen of legislation if on the statute-book,
divided in date by only a few days, should be
found two enactments, one providing abso-
lutely that the grade of brigadier general should
not be filled until Congress should hereafter
so direct, and the other a few days later, not
only obliterating that provision, but standing
against, as far as it indicates at all, all reduc-
tion by Congress of the Army in that regard.
It would be a very broad intimation, I submit,
to the President, not that he was to exercise
his discretion, but that Congress reversing its
judgment, although within a few days, had come
to the conclusion that the time bad arrived
when these vacancies ought to be rilled up. I
am sure the honorable Senator from Indiana
does not mean that; and unless we have lights
on that subject which we had not the other day
when the action to which I refer took place,
we ought not to reverse it.
Since this suggestion was made a Senator
asks me in conversation whether the action I
speak of was anything more than a direction in
reference to the particular persons then nom-
inated. I will say that I refer to no action in
executive session, but to a provision incorpo-
rated in a bill reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs which declared as a proviso, in
so many words, that no nomination whatever,
no appointment at all, should be made to fill
existing vacancies in the grade of brigadier
general until Congress should in future so
provide.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator is rightabout
that I ask him what is the use of reenactingit?
If that has already been declared by law why
reenact it in this section? What I propose
simply leaves silence on the subject. If that
which he refers to has become a law it does
not affect it one way or the other. It is wholly
unnecessary to reenact what he says has already
been effected; but I think the Senator is mis-
taken on that point. I hope the section will
be stricken out. I do not know what law the
Senator refers to. I was not present when it
was enacted and have no knowledge of it; but
if he is right abont.it, then it is unnecessary to
reenact it, and striking this clause out will
simply leave the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts silent on the sub-
ject and will not affect the other provision at
all; it certainly will not repeal it.
Mr. FERRY. I hope that this clause will
not be stricken out of the bill. It seems to me
that any one conversant with the present amd
prospective condition of the Army must be
fully aware that it is and will be unnecessary
to fill the two vacancies existing in tire office
of brigadier general. All of us know that in
the demand now so prevalent in the country for
retrenchment, perhaps the strongest element is
a demand for retrenchment in the expenditures
of the Army, and the proposition to strike out
this clause is substantially a proposition to ere:
ate two more sinecure life offices. I shall be
unwilling that this clause shall be stricken out
without a division upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORTON. If it has been already en-
acted, as the Senator from Nfew York says it
has, it would be a rather remarkable op'eration
that striking out this clause and leaving the sec-
tion silent would repeal the other act. I con-
fess I cannot understand that. It simply leaves
this section silent on this point. The Senator
from Connecticut says it is well Understood
that these vacancies need not be filled. I submit
to my friend that the General of the Army and
the President of the United States who will
soon be inaugurated, will understand that ne-
cessity quite as well as he or I, and if he should
think it necessary to fill these vacancies he
should have the power to do it. If he thinks
it unnecessary he will not do it. We have left
the question of reducing the Army from forty
thousand down to about twenty-five thousand
with him ; we have left it to bis decision, and
why not leave to him this question just as well?
If he is competent to decide the one he'fs just
as competent to decide the other.
Mr. FERRY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Before the vote is taken
on this amendment I should like te-be informed
as to whether or not there has been a bill
passed at this session declaring that there shall
not be any more than eight brigadier generals
in the Army. I think we ought to know that
fact so that we can act understanding^ on this
amendment. If such a law has been passed,
there is certainly no objection to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Indiana.
If there is no such law, then it may be a ques-
tion as to whether it is not advisable to enact
such a law so as to restrict the number of
brigadier generals to eight. But there seems
to be a controversy about that, and the whole
question turns uport that fact. I wish to be
advised, if anybody can inform me, as to the
exact condition of this question now at this
time before the vote is taken on this amend-
ment. I would ask the Senator from New
York what information he can give on that
subject as to whether or not any bill has passed,
restricting the number of brigadier general^,to
eight.
Mr. CONKLING. I drew the amendment
myself—and that is the reason I have rbind
upon it—at the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. The amend-
ment, as well as I can remember the words—
I will not be sure of them, but I <Saa repeat
the substance—was to this effect: "Andpro-
vided further, that no appointment shall be
made to fill the ex-isting vacancies in the grade
of brigadier general of the Army until Congress
shall otherwise direct," or "until this pro-
vision shall be repealed'!^the precise phrase-
ology I am not sure <?f. ■:
Mr. MORTON. What bill did it go into ?
Mr. CONKLING. Into an Army bill re-
ported from the Committee on Military A flairs
of this body.
