1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
american citizens abroad.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask consent to submit
the following resolution: -
Be it resolved by this House, That the President of
the United States be requested to inform this House
■what correspondence, if any, in addition to the dis-
patch of the Secretary of State to Mr. Moran. our
acting charge d'affaires in London, furnished by him
June 22, 1868, in answer to the resolution of this
House of June 15,1868, and to furnish to this House
copies of any such correspondence for the immediate
action of Congress.
I ask consent to be heard a few minutes
upon this resolution. As this is an early hour
I trust the House will not now adjourn, but
will hear an important statement I have to
make in reference to a letter published by
Lord Stanley, in relation to a subject which
involves a high question of privilege for our
citizens now suffering imprisonment abroad.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Robinson] will allow the reso-
lution to go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ROBINSON. If I cannot be heard on
it now I will withdraw the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York asks consent to be heard now on the
resolution.
Several members objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I withdraw the
resolution for the present; but_I shall get it
in very soon as a question of privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at two o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mitlees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Com-
modore Junius Boyle,United States Navy, for
compensation due his late father for services as
Acting Secretary of the Navy, while chief clerk
of said Department.
Also, the petition of J. F. Decker, Wile &
Kramer, and others, of Laporte, Indiana, ask-
ing an amendment in the tax law relative to
cigars and tobacco.
Also, the petition of Mrs. James Hinds, of
Arkansas, asking that the salary of her mur-
dered husband, till the end of this Congress, may
be paid to her for the support of his family.
By Mr. BINGHAM: Petitions for removal
of disabilities from AVilliam (J. Wickham, J.
W. McKinsey, Thomas M. Kimbaugh, S. B.
Wright, John W. Benton, R. S. Burton, R. H.
Smith, and Robert Boiling, of Virgina.
By Mr. CAYANAUGH : The petition of
Thomas Thoroughman and others, for the relief
of William M. Stafford, late acting United
States district attorney for the Territory of
Montana.
By Mr. ELIOT : The petition of L. E. Dudley
and W. H. Samuel, of the State of Virginia,
prayingfor the continuance of the Freedmen's
Bureau in that State.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Abraham
Jacobs, for compensation for conveying the
mail tri-weekly between Prebla and Trinidad,
Colorado, from 1st April, 1867, to 30th June,
1868-
By Mr. HULBURD: The petition of Messrs
Smithers and others, citizens of Lisbon, St.
Lawrence county, New York, to erect a dam
across one of the channels of the St. Law-
rence river. _
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 50
women of the District of Columbia, praying
Congress to protect them from being debarred
the exercise of their right of suffrage. _
Also, the petition of 139 men of the District
to the same effect.
Also, the petition of 138 men and 78 women
of Ionia, Michigan, to the same effect.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Wil-
liam H. Burns, H. W. Holdway, L. P. McCon-
nell, and Charles R. Vance, citizens ot bcott
county, Virginia, praying relief from certain
disabilities.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of John
Goodman and Elizabeth Goodman, asking for
an amendment to the pension laws.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Clarissa
K. Grant, for pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of certain
officers of the Army, asking for the passage
of bill introduced by General Schenck "to
fix and equalize the pay of officers, and to
establish the pay of enlisted soldiers of the
Army."
Also, the petition of Arthur W. Irving,
bugler company C, one hundred and fourth
regiment New York volunteer infantry, for
invalid pension.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The
petition of citizens, cigar dealers, and manufac-
turers, of Freeport Illinois, foj the repeal of
so much of sections seventy-eight and ninety-
four of the act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits, tobacco, &e., approved'July 20, 1868,
which provide that after January 1, 1869, all
smoking and chewing tobacco and snuff; after
the 1st of J«ly, 1869, all other manufactured
tobacco of every description; after April 1,
1869, all cigars shall be taken to have been
either manufactured or imported after the pas-
sage of the said act, and shall be stamped
accordingly, the petitioners claiming that the
time given to dispose of and consume the
stocks manufactured before the passage of the
act, and now on hand, is insufficient.
Also, the petition of the New York and Vir-
ginia Steamship Company, to refund certain
tonnage duties paid twice, once at the port of
New York and once at the port of New
Orleans.
notice OB a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. SPALDING : A bill for the relief
of Alexander W. W. Connell.
Also, a bill providing for the speedy resump-
tion of specie payments by the United States
Government.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 8, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Orris S. Ferry, of Connecticut; Hon.
James A. Bayard, of Delaware ; Hon. Jambs
R. Doolittle, of Wisconsin, and Hon. Thomas
W. Tipton, of Nebraska, appeared- in their
seats to-day.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating correspondence in re-
lation to the destitute condition of the Yankton
Sioux Indians in Dakota; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the chief clerk of the Court of Claims, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, a statement of the
judgments of the Court of Claims rendered by
the court for the past year; which was ordered
xo lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Commissioner of Patents, communicating,
in obedience to law, a statement showing the
amount of expenditures in the United States
Patent Office from the 20th of July to the 30th
of November, 1868, inclusive, and a statement
of moneys received from the 1st day of July to
the 30th day of November, 1868, inclusive;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Glencoe, McLeod
county, via Silver Lake, to a point near Lake
Howard, on the St. Paul and Pacific railroad,
near'Norway Lake; which was ordered to lie
on the table. . . , .... x
Mr. FESSBNBEN presented the petition,-®*
S. C. May berry, praying for the passage of a
law providing for the election of President and
Vice President of the United States by ballot;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the Army, praying for the pass«ge-af the bill
to equalize and fix the pay of officers, and to
establish the pay of enlisted soldiers in, the
Army ; which was ordered to lie, on the table.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I pre-
sent a memorial, signed by a large number of
citizens of Tennessee, praying for an, appropri-
ation for the improvement of the Tennessee
river, which I ask may be laid on the table for
the present, until the committees are appointed.
I also desire to have it printed, as it is very
short.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print requires unanimous consent. Is there
any objection?
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the petition
about?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
regard to the improvement of the Tennessee
river. If there be no objection the petition will
be ordered to be printed. No objection being
made, the order to print will be entered.
withdrawal of papers,
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That M.N. Radovich have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unaniihous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 655) granting a pen-
sion to Paulina Jones, of Greene county, Ten-
nessee ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
Resolution (S. R. No. 182) extending the oper-
ation of the Freedmen's Bureau for a limited
period in certain States ; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 184) for the removal of politi-
cal disabilities; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed. ,
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 656)
to remove political disabilities; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked', and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 657) to abolish the_ franking privilege;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a^ bi 11
(S. No. 659) to relieve from legal and political
disabilities certain persons engaged in the late
rebellion; which was read twice by lts^ title,
and ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 183) to extend the provisions of the
act of July 4,1864, limiting the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims to the loyal citizens of the
States of Louisiana and Arkansas; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to he on the
table and be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 658) to relieve from disabilities
Franklin J. Moses, a citizen of South Caro-
lina ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNEll. I ask if there is any ob-
jection to the consideration of that bill now ?
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] has
usually had charge of such matters, and I
desire to call his attention to this bill. ^ It is a
bill to relieve the disabilities of the chief jug-
