968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
tteman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
Offers a substitute for the whole paragraph.
There is one substitute already pending, that
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken as to the nature of my amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. We shall simplify the mat-
ter by voting directly on the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Air. Welker. ]
That brings the main question before us.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will observe
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] that there is already a substitute pend-
ing, offered by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Pile,] and a second substitute cannot be
entertained.
•Mr. SCOFIELD. I used the word <! sub-
stitute" in offering my amendment, but it is
not a substitute. It is a change of phrase-
ology. I was so much- interrupted that I did
not get the whole of my amendment read.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman talks about
the "friends of the bridge." He is a friend
of the bridge. Let him talk about the friends
of the people.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, friends of the peo-
ple.- I offer the amendment in this form :
3for arsenal and armory at Rook Island, Illinois,
awl for the development of the water-power,
$125,000.
tfor tho construction of a bridges connecting Rook
Islftad with' tho cities of Hock island and .Daven-
port, '8500,000,
That is my amendment. But I want a sepa-
rate vote upon the two branches of it. I shall
vote against the last part of it myself, but those
who want the bridge can vote for it.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish the committee to
understand that the gentleman does not under-
stand this bridge matter at all, or he would not
offer the amendment in that shape.
The CHAIRMAN, Does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania intend hia amendment as a
substitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr, Welker?]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yea, sir; and I ask for a
separate vote upon the two divisions of the
amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Scofield's
amendment to the amendment; and it was
disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Welker, to add to the text of
the bill the following proviso:
Provided further. That no part of tho sum hereby
appropriated lor tho arsenal and armory shall bo ex-
pended upon any buildings not now in process of
construction.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
02, noes 25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FA ENS WO RTJI. I now offer my
amendment to come in at the end of the para-
graph, as follows:
And provided further. That a proportionate part
of this sum, sufficient for the purpose, shall bo applied
to tho completion of tho Moline water-power at tho
head ot Rook Island, to carry out existing contracts.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg to make a single sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Illinois. That
proviso, if put in at the end of the proviso in
the text of the bill, would seem to require that
this sum should be taken out of the $500,000
appropriated for the bridge.
Mr. FA R NS WOIITH. Oh, no.
Mr. BLAINE. It will come immediately
after the proviso that one half of the amount
of the appropriation shall be applied for the
construction of a bridge, and hence it would
seem to provide that a proportionate amount
ot that sum shall be used for this purpose.
Mr. FAHNSWORTH. I mean it to apply
to the remaining sum.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he insert the words "of the re-
mainder of." That will remove all ambiguity
and doubt. & '
Mr. 1ARNSWORTH. I will modify it in
that way.
1 he amendment, as modified, was read as
follows:
And provided further. That a proportionate part
oi too romaiuder of this Sum, sufficient fur the pur-
pose, shall be applied to the completion of the Moline
water-power at the head of Rock Island* to carry out
existing contract.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Farnsworth; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out the
entire paragraph as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. There is already pend-
ing a substitute offered by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile] for the paragraph as
amended.
Mr. PILE. I modify my substitute so that
it will read as follows:
For arsenal at Rock Island, Illinois, $750,000: Pro-
vided, That $500,000 shall be applied to building the
bridge connecting Rock Island with the cities of Rook
Island and Davenport, and the remainder to the con-
struction of, store-houses for arms and machinery,
and to the completion of the Moline water-power to
carry out existing contracts.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by striking out " $750,000" and insert-
ing " $200,000 j" and also by striking out all
of the proviso.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevens ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 60, noes 44; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevens and
Mr. Pile were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 76, noes 45.
So the amendment of Mr. Stevens was
agreed to.
The question was upon the substitute, as
amended.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the sub-
stitute so that it shall read: "For preservation
and repair of arsenal and armory at Rock Island,
Illinois, §50,000."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My point of order
is that what the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Phelps] styles an amendment to the substi-
tute is a substitute for the substitute, and not
germane thereto.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PILE. Can I not withdraw my substi-
tute ?
The CHAIRMAN. Tho substitute having
been amended by vote of the committee, it can
be withdrawn only by unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by striking out "$200,000" and insert-
ing "$50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the substi-
tute as amended; and upon, a division there
were—ayes 58, noes 00.
Before the result of the vote was announced.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Phelps and
Mr. Blainb were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 69, noes 04.
So the substitute as amended for the para-
graph of the bill as amended was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING. 1 move to further amend
this paragraph by adding to it the following:
The title acquired by the United States to the
Moline water-power by deod from the Moline Water-
Power Company, in consideration solely of an agree-
ment to devolop the same, is hereby relinquished to
said company.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say to this com-
mittee that 
Mr. BLAINE. No debate is in order on
this paragraph.
Mr.'HARDING. Then I hope the commit-
tee will have the magnanimity to adopt my
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the point of order
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Harding] proposes additional
legislation, which is not in order on this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to further amend
this paragraph by adding to it the following:
And $500,000 to bo applied to the construction of
the bridge connecting Rock Island with the cities of
Rock Island and Davenport.
That will bring up before the committee the
bridge appropriation disconnected with all the
other propositions.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that this proposition has already been voted
upon.
Mr. BLAINE. It has not before been
made as a separate proposition, apart from
any other.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] will reserve his
proposition until we get into the House, when
we can get a vote upon it.
Mr. BLAINE. We can vote on it here.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that this has already been voted on in Com-
mittee of the Whole, upon the proposition of
my colleague on the other side. [Mr. Soo-
field,] who called for a separate vote on the
various clauses of his proposition.
Mr. BLAINE. Noseparate vote was taken ;
it was voted upon as a whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The question was complex,
and no division of it was had. The amend-
ment o f the gentleman from Maine [ Mr. Blaine]
is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a point of order.
My point is that the amendment is not ger-
mane to an Army appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The same subject-matter has
been entertained by the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, and I will state my reason for doing so.
We of the State of Illinois for thirty years asked
the Government to cede to us Rock Island, and
it refused to do so ; and now it is proposed to
withhold the appropriations which the Gov-
ernment is under an obligation to make. I
move to amend by adding, " that the island of
Rock Island be and is hereby ceded to the
State of Illinois."
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a point of order,
that this amendment is not in order because it
proposes independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The question is upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the paragraph with reference to
which debate was limited has been disposed
of; that the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine is an independent proposition, and is
therefore debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This amendment is in the
nature of an addition to the paragraph.
The amendment of Mr. Blaine was not
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move an
amendment which I think ought to be adopted.
There is property on that island which must
go to ruin unless it be sold. I move to amend
by adding to the paragraph, as amended, the
following:
And all mills, machinery, and other property upon
said island, belonging to the Government and not
required tor the public service, shall be sold at pub-
lic auction, after due notice given, to the highest
bidder for cash, under the direction of the Secretary
of War: and the amount paid therefor covered into
the Treasury of the United States,
Mr. BLAINE. I raise the point of order
on this amendment that it is independent legis-
lation. °
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I think the amend-
ment ought to be adopted. I believe my friend
from Maine would not object if he knew the
facts.
Mr. BLAINE. I think that we should not,
on account of a temporary defeat, let the whole
matter go to the dogs. Wemav "live to fight
another day."
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Thereisa mill there
which cost the Government $25'S3t)'0.
