14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
tice of South Carolina, recently chosen by the
Legislature. I beg to inquire whether the bill
may not be proceeded with to-day ?
Mr. STEWART. I know no reason why it
should not. The Legislature has extended the
time for his taking the oath, and I understand
has extended it five months, which will expire
on the 29th of this month, I think. It is im-
portant that the bill should be passed soon.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill be consid-
ered now if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. ■ I ask that the bill be con-
sidered.
Mr. STEWART. There is no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
can only be considered at this time by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill must go over under the
rule.
RELATIONS WITH SOUTH AMERICAN POWERS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States,
if in his opinion it shall not be incompatible with
the public interest, be requested to communicate to
the Senate any information possessed by the Depart-
•ment of State concerning recent transactions in the
region of tho La Platte affecting the political rela-
tions of the United States with tho republic of Para-
guay, the Argentine republic, the Oriental republic,
and the empire of Brazil.
PROMOTION OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. YATES submitted the following resolu-
tion :
llemhed by the Senate of the United States, That the
Secrctaiy of the Navy is hereby requested to furnish
the Senate, if not incompatible with public interests,
a copy of the proceedings of the board of admirals
which assembled in Washington under the act of
January 24, 18155, to examino and recommend for
promotion officers of the Navy who distinguished
themselves by gallant and rooritorious conduct dur-
ing the rebellion, together with a list of all officers
recommended for promotion by said board, and the
names of those who were promoted upon such
recommendation.
Mr. GRIMES. Let that resolution lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to its present consideration, the
resolution will lie over.
CONBTDKRATtOS OF INDIAN TIMATIKS.
Mi". DRAKE. Is it in order now to call up
a resolution amending the rules of the Senate
which was offered last July and lias been lying
on (he table ever since?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it is in order.
Mr, DRAKE. I ask that the resolution be
taken up.
Mr. ANTHONY. Lctit be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. DRAKE. It is a resolution that I
offered last July amending the rules of the
Senate so as to require all Indian treaties to
be considered in open session of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the
statement of the Senator, the Senate under-
stand what it is that he proposes to take u p. Is
there any objection to taking up the resolution
for consideration at this time?
Mr. SUMNER. It can be taken up on
motion.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand that it
rests on a solitary objection, but the resolution
can be taken upon motion.
'J'he PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion :
Revolved, That rule thirty-eight be amended by
mldinpr thereto tins following: "Treaties with In-
dian tribes or parts of tribes shall be considered ajid
pj^ed upon in open setsion."
Mr. DRAKE. I do not know that, it is
nec'ssary to make any debate upon that prop-
osition. I have spoken conversationally with
many Senators upon the subject since the res-
olution was introduced. I am under the im-
pression that there is a general feeling in the
Senate in favor of the proposition. I think
that the treaties with the Indian tribes belong
in no sense to that class of treaties which re-
quire any secrecy in the consideration of t-hem
or require the Senate to sit with closed doors
when they are considered. I am of the opinion
that a great many things have been done
through the Indian treaties here in secret ses-
sion to the detriment of the country which
never would have been done if the treaties had
been considered in open session. Guided by
these views I desire to see that amendment to
the rules made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr.
Henderson] does not appear to be in his
seat this morning; and as he might have some
objection to the proposition, or might desire to
say something on the subject, I suggest to the
Senator from Missouri to allow the resolution
to lie over until the chairman of tho commit-
tee is in.
I am by no means certain that upon the con-
sideration of this question it would be thought
desirable at the present time to continue mak-
ing treaties with the Indian tribe§. I am not
certain that it is not best to dispense entirely
with that mode of communication or dealing
with them. There may have been in the earlier
peiiod of the history of the country a neces-
sity for it. I am inclined to think that both
the sentiments and the circumstances under
which these treaties originated have changed
materially. I doubt exceedingly whether it is
necessary to continue this system with these
tribes, and I suggest to the consideration of
the Senator whether he will not reach his
object as well by allowing this resolution to
pass over, and in the end referring the whole
subject to the Committee on Indian Affairs
with instructions to report whether it is not
expedient to dispense entirely with this method
of dealing with these tribes. I content myself,
however, for the present with the suggestion
that the subject be laid over until the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs is in
his seat.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no objection to the
matter being passed over until the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs shall be
present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
postponed unless'there be objection?
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to observe
that this change of the x-ule would involve a
change in two or three other rules of the Sen-
ate ; and as the Senate had a committee at the
last session, of which the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] was chairman, to revise
the rules, I think this resolution and all res-
olutions relating to the rules should be referred
to that committee. Let any one Senator pro-
pose to amend any one rule, and then it may
be in conflict with several other rules. We
have tried to revise the rules so that all of them
shall be in harmony with each other. We had
various conflicting rules until the last session.
I should like to have this resolution go to the
committee of which the Senator from Rhode
Island is chairman, aud let them report it by
amending one or two other rules, and then we
shall have our system of rules so that we can
understand them. But we have got several
rules relating to traaties, and they are new
rules adopted at the last session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the further consideration
of the resolution until to-morrow ?
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be referred
to the committee of which the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island is chairman.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
no committees at present.
Mr. POMEROY. That was not a standing
committee, but a special committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it go over.
Mr. POMEROY. Ido not know that special
committees expire with the session ; I am not
sure. However, I have no objection to its
lying over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution will be postponed, unless objection be
made,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 8, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read aud
approved.
duty ON COPPElt.
The SPEAKER. The first question before
the House is the unfinished business pending
at the adjournment last evening, which is
House bill No. 1460, regulating the duties on
imported copper and copper ores. The ques-
tion is, under the operation of the previous
question, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
As I understand the facts on the record, it was
in July last that this bill was before the House,
and pending action upon it at that time, under
the previous question, the House adjourned.
I believe I am correct in that statement of
fact. Since that time there has been what the
House calls a session in September, and an-
other in November. At the September ses-
sion a considerable amount of business was
transacted, as the record of the House shows.
At the November session I was not present;
but certain action was taken on the part of
the House indicating the transaction of busi-
ness. Yesterday there was a large amount of
business done, not only during the^ morning
hour, but subsequently to the morning hour.
The question of order which I wish to suggest,
without any particular desire to press it, but
rather for the purpose of being informed by
the Chair, is that this bill cannot be^ consid-
ered as unfinished business now, having pre-
cedence over all other business, because under
the ruling of the Chair at the September ses-
sion, at the November session, and at this
session other business has been transacted by
the House, thus superseding the unfinished
business of the July session. That is the
point which I desired to suggest to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order suggested by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and will state
the grounds of his ruling. By a concurrent
resolution adopted by the two Houses in regard
to the adjourned session of the Fortieth Con-
gress it was provided that at the meeting of
the two Houses in September, October, and
November, certain transactions, and only such,
should then be in order. Those proceedings
were in their nature highly privileged, every-
thing relating to the adjournment of Congress
having always been held by presiding officers
to be of a highly privileged character. Noth-
ing, therefore, transpired during the sessions
of Congress held in September, October, and
November except the business which had been
contemplated by the concurrent resolution of
adjournment adopted by the two branches of
Congress. If, however, other business had
been transacted, that circumstance would not
sustain the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from New York ; for the House is familiar
with the fact that even during the operation of
j the previous question propositions are often
' entertained by unanimous consent, no objee-
I tion being made to their introduction,
j In regard to the most vital branch of the
! point of order stated by the gentleman from
; New York, which is as to the business trans-
j acted yesterday, the uniform usage has been
that unfinished business pending at the close
| of a week should be taken up at the conclu-
sion of the morning hour on the succeeding
Monday. Old members, like the gentleman
from New York, are familiar with the fact that
since the adoption of the rule in regard to the
morning hour on Mondays, which has been in
operation some seven or eight years, no busi-
