THE ;00MJRESSI03ST:AL' GLOBE
Mar^h'll
• Jttr., WILLIAMS.. MtStMs; not yet been
aCtedonby the other'Ho use.
:Mr. CONKLING- That I cannot be sure of.
,Mr-:FBBS.¥« It is not yet a las?.
T11e question/being taivco bj yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12,, nays 30; as follows :
.YEAS—Messrs. Abbott<3nle, Keilogg, McDonald,
MotriU of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Robert-
son, Ross, Van Winkle, and Warner—12.
N A YS Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Conkling, Con-
ness.Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Ferry, K«;sen-
den, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Hend-
ricks, Howard, MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Ramsey, Rice. Sherman. Sprague,
Sumner, Vickers, Willey, and Williams—30.
" ABSBNUMessrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Ghaodler. Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Fowler, Hen-
derson, Howe, Nye, Pool. Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spen-
cer, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade,
Welch, Whyte, "Wilson, and Yates—24.
So the amendment to .the amendment was
rejected. 1
Mr, NORTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out after the word "hereby,"
in line two, down to the word "permit," in
line four, and to insert the words "directed
and required to reduce the Army of the United
States;" so as to make it read:
That the President is hereby directed and required
to reduce.the Army of the United Stares in them,lu-
ll er and to the extent hereafter specified, &c.
The amendmentas it stands leaves the reduc-
tion of the Army discretionary with the Presi-
dent. He may reduce it or not as he pleases.
The country very evidently and Congress
desire the reduction of the Army. All there
is in the Constitution of the United States on
the subject,, with the exception of the single
fact that the President shall be Commander-in
Chief, is left with Congress; Congress has the
power to raise armies, the power to declare
war, the power to provide and maintain a Navy,
and to make rules for the government and
regulation of the land and naval forces, and
all there is in the power of the General Gov-
ernment with reference to an Army is with
Congress, except, as I said before, the fact
tbatthe PresideutisCommander-in-Chief. No
one can question but that the country expects,
desires, and needs a large and an actual reduc-
tion of the Army. With the view, then, to
bring that about, and not leave it to the dis-
cretion of any man whether this reduction shall
take place or not, I move this amendment, and
upon it I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 37 ; as follows:
.YEAS—-Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Hend-
ricks, MeCreery. Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Snmner, and Vickers—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cole, Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Howe, Kellogg, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart. Thayer, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—37.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cattell, Chandler, Cragin, Edmunds. Fowler, Hen-
derson, McDonald, Nye, Pool, Rice, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Spencer, Tipton, Wade, Whyte, and Yates.—20.
, So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer an amendment to
insert a new item to be added to the first
section:
For the purpose of cutting out a road from Duluth,
in the Bois6 Fort Indian reservation, in Minnesota,
there is hereby appropriated the sum of §10,000, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War.
I explained this proposition to the Senate
some time ago on another bill. I hope they
will reeollect what I then said. This is a body
of Indians, six or seven hundred in number,
located on the Bois6 Fori, reservation, in the
northeastern part of Minnesota, back from the
lake or from any water communication or from
any road some'one hundred miles. Their an-
nuities are extremely small, but still, for the
lack of roads and the lack of water communi-
cation thei agent; is compelled to bring them
down -to the towns on the lake to pay their
annuities, and as a consequence everything is
there squandered. A little contribution from
the national Treasury of this kind would relieve
the Indians in their little means as well as in
their morals.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What commit-
tee does it come from ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is recommended by the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew the motion I
made in committee. It is on the desk of the
Secretary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
'The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and required to audit and
fix the interest accounts of Maine and Massachusetts
for advances made by Massachusetts, then including
Maine, for tbe United States during the war of
1812-15 with Great Britain, upon the basis that the
claim for these advances belonged after the separa-
tion of the two States one third to Maine and two
thirds to Massachusetts, and reckoning interest at
six per cent, per annum, and that he is hereby au-
thorized and directed to nay to Maine and "Massa-
chusetts out of any money in theTreasurynot other-
wise appropriated such sums as lie sball ascertain to
be due to these States as herein directed to be audited
and fixed: Provided, That in lieu of payment in
money the Secretary of the Treasury may at his dis
cretion issue to these States bonds of the United
States, payable in thirty years, bearing interest at the
rate of six per centum per annum, payable semi-
annually the principal and interest—
Mr. CONKLING. I raise a question of
order, and I object to the reading of this amend-
ment. I inquire of the Chair if this is not the
amendment which the Senate by a vote de-
termined to be out of order on this bill. If it
is, until that action is reversed, I object to its
being read or entertained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it is tbe same amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask the Chair
to decide whether, it having been determined
by the Senate and announced by the Presiding
Officer to be out of order, it is in order to offer it?
Mr. SUMNER. At the second stage of the
bill? Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. At the second stage of
the bill! I wonder if the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is serious in that.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose it had not been
left to the Senate, and the Chair alone had
decided that a certain amendment, because, if
you please, it was not germane, or for any
other reason, was not in order upon a certain
bill, would it be any more in order at one stage
than at another? If the objection was that
that was not the stage some other stage might
make it in order; but when the objection is
that the rule of the Senate prevents its being
offered at all as an amendment to this bill what
difference does it make what the stage is at
which it is offered, first or last?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has not decided the question; but the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole decided the
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. A question of order is
never referred to a committee. The Senate,
as the Senate of the United States, decided the
question that this was not admissible. It was
not referred to a committee at all; the bill was
in committee; but the Senate have decided
deliberately; and now the question is whether
the Chair will carry out the vote of the Senate
and enforce the order of the Senate. This, it
seems to me, is the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio make the point of order on
the question whether it is proper to consider
in the Senate what was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole?
Mr. SHERMAN. That point of order was
made the other day, and was decided by the
Senate. As a matter of course, it is the duty
of the Chair to execute that decision of the
Senate. It so strikes me.
Mr. SUMNER. But I would ask whether
the Senate may not five minutes after it lias
ruled one way rule the other way? It may re-
consider its action. It may in a fuller light say
that it has ruled wrongly, and rule differently.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can undoubt-
edly move to reconsider; but until that is done
I appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts on
this question of order, until the Senate does
reconsider its action is not the Chair bound to
enforce the order of the Senate that this is a
private claim without putting a Senator again
to the necessity of making the point of order?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator. The Chair may do now as the Chair did
formerly, refer it to the Senate. The question
raised is in order to defeat the proposition. It
has been voted on once in Committee of the
Whole ; but it maybe raised in the Senate and
voted upon again; and how often does it occur
that an objection made in the committee is not
continued in the Senate? Again and again
propositions that fail in the committee are
carried in the Senate; and I think that this
may be in the end no exception to that rule
which occurs so often. I see no reason why
the Senate should not act directly upon this
now that it is moved again as it acted directly
before. The question now is a new one.
Because the Senate has decided a rule of order
one way yesterday that is no reason why a prop-
osition should be excluded in conformity with
that decision. The whole question is open
again to another vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the rule is, as
a rule of practice in the Senate, that a proposi-
tion moved once upon a bill and rejected can-
not be offered atrain until that decision has
been reversed ; but that does not apply to the
same proposition when offered in Committee
of the Whole and again offered in the Senate.
If this had been offered in the Senate once and
objected to and ruled out, taking the substance
of it, it could not be offered again until that
decision was reconsidered. There is the dis-
tinction between the Senate and the committee.
Nothing done in committee is binding upon
the Senatl. We act upon bills in committee
for that very reason, that it shall not he consid-
ered binding until we get into the Senate. The
same proposition, in totidem verbis, is offered
over again without objection simply because
the action of the Committee of the Whole is,
just like the action of a committee, out of this
body instead of in it.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if the
decision of a point of order in committee is
ever binding in the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I was
coming to. How you can make a distinction
between a point of order and a proposition
acted upon severally in the committee and in
the House I cannot understand. The idea of
our acting in committee is that nothing done
there is binding conclusively upon a bill, be-
cause we must get into the Senate before the
action is conclusive. It is not a Senate when
we are acting upon a bill the first time, and it
is so considered. That rule has precisely the
same application to a point of, order raised as
it has to a proposition made, and it is for the
purpose that T have spoken of and to accom-
plish the object I have referred to. Therefore
the point taken by the Senator from New York,
enforced by the Senator from Ohio is an en-
tirely new point of order. I never have heard
it raised before. You must come to the ques-
tion of the capacity in which we were acting
and not the proposition. The capacity in
which we were acting at the time was as a
committeeof theSenate ; now we are acting as
a Senate, and that makes the difference.
Mr. CONKLING. The point suggested by
the honorable Senator from Maine is a point
which at least we can appreciate. It is very
hard to appreciate the suggestion which was
made before. This question of order was acted
upon once under the rule of the Senate. It
was the right of any member of the body within
the period prescribed to jnove to reconsider.
That no member of'the body did, and the time
