1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ness, whether unfinished business or business
of any other character, has been allowed to
interfere with that morning Jhour; and the
only interference yesterday' arose from busi-
ness appurtenant to the opening of the session
of Congress—the call of the roll and the swear-
ing in of members whose seats were uncon-
tested, that they might have the privilege of
voting on questions arising during the morn-'
ing hour. As soon as the morning hour was
ended, and the other question of privilege
that the Chair then laid before the House was
disposed of, the resignation of the Doorkeeper
taking effect on Monday, and the office being
necessarily to be filled for the convenience of
the House, as well as the transaction of busi-
ness, the Chair called up the unfinished busi-
ness pending at the adjournment in July.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest as a matter of
fact, according to my recollection of the record,
that in the September session a resolution for
the appointment of a special committee for the
investigation of whisky or revenue frauds was
moved by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] upon which a large amount of ac-
tion was taken, pending which 1 came into
the House and disclosed to it the fact that
there was 110 quorum present, upon which
there was a call of the House ordered, and
subsequently a repeal of the order for the call
of the House, showing, as I understand, the
fact that the Chair entertained the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio for the appointment
of a special committee to investigate the rev-
enue frauds.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is correct. Bat if he will examine the
Globe of the following day he will see in the
proceedings that the Chair stated to him, or to
some gentleman on the right of the Chair, that
business had been transacted during that entire
day by unanimous consent, no person object-
ing, a quorum being therefore presumed to be
in attendance. And last evening also, when
the copper bill was pending, members on both
sides by common consent allowed various other
matters to be acted upon until they were cut
off by the objection of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] which arrested
all business.
Mr. BROOKS. I bow to the decision of
the Chair; but so long a time has intervened
since July, and we have forgotten so much
about this copper bill, that I suggest by general
consent that the bill be read.
The SPEAKER. Any member has a right
to call for, the reading of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. The roll was being called
at the adjournment in July. Can it be inter-
rupted by the reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The roll was called down
to the letter H, when that was interrupted by
the adjournment of the session. It must be
resumed, if at all, in full. That is the uniform
usage. Therefore, so far as the final calling of
the roll is concerned, the order is null and void.
Mr. GARFIELD. Suppose some person
had died whose name appears on the upper
part of the roll, would it be counted?
The SPEAKER. It would not be counted,
as the roll-call would have to be resumed from
letter A.
The bill was read at length. It provides that
from and after the passage of this act, in lieu
of the duties heretofore imposed bylaw on the
articles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the articles herein
enumerated and provided for, imported from
foreign countries, the following specified duties
and rates of duty, that is to say: (5n all copper
imported in the form of ores, three cents on
each pound of fine copper contained therein ;
on all regulus of copper, and on all black or
coarse copper, four cents 011 each pound of
fine copper contained therein ; on all old cop-
per fit only for remanufacture, four cents per
pound; on all copper in plates, bars, ingots,
pigs, and in other forms not manufactured or
herein enumerated, five cents per pound.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is the bill open to
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order. This
is not the next parliamentary day after the
vote ordering the main question was taken.
Mr. PIKE. Has 'the bill received its first
consideration in Committee of lie Whole ?
The SPEAKER. It has been reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means without
objection. That point was raised by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. • Banks] on
the last day of the session in July.
Mr. BROOKS. One further question of
order. This is an appropriation bill, doubling
and trebling the duty on some articles of cop-
per for the purpose of raising money, and if
the bill has not been considered in Committee
of the Whole it must go there.
The SPEAKER. It is a bill in the nature
of a tax bill. If the point had been made when
it was reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means in July last it would have been in order,
and a single objection would have sent it to the
Committee of the Whole. It was received, how-
ever, by unanimous consent. Afterward the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
suggested that had he at the time noticed
the character of the bill he should have ob-
jected.
Mr. BANKS. I understood this should have
its first consideration in Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. That question is not now
pending. The yeas and nays are ordered, and
the Clerk will call the roll.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 51, not voting
63 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Axtell. Banks, Beaman, Beatty. Benja-
min, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Boyden,
Broomall, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick B. Butler,
Oake.Caliis, Gary, Header W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Clift, Cobb, Coburn. Corley, Covode, Dawes, Delano,
Beweese, Bickey, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Ferries, Ferry, French, Gar-
field, Goss. Gravely, Haughey, Ileaton, Higby, Hill,
Hopkins, ChesterD. Hubbard, Hunter, J enckes, Alex-
ander II, Jones, K el ley, Kctoham, Kitchen, Koontz,
Lash, George V. Lawronee, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy,
Mcliee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Nowshnm, Norris, O'Neill, Paine,
Pettis, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Rob-
ertson, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stover, Sypher,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Cnd-
walader C. Washburn, Henry 1). "Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Baker,
Baldwin, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler,
Churchill, Cook, Cullom, Eldridge, Fields, Fox,
Glossbrenner, Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kerr, Knott. Lynch, Marshall, McCormick,
Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Perliam, Peteis,
Phelps, Pike, Randall, Robinson, Sitgreaves, Stewart.
Taber, Tafi'e. Thomas, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Van Auken,Van Trump, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, James F. Wilson, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—51. , ^ .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Dclos R Ashley, Bailey,
Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn, Blaine, Boutwell,
Bromwell, Buckland, Buckley, Cornell, Dockery,
Dodge, Edwards, Ela. Eliot, Getz, Golladay, Gove,
Griswold, Grover, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Holman, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulhurd, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Kellogg, Kelsey, Laflin, Logan,
Loughridge, McCullough, Morrissey, Newcomb,
Nunn, Pierce, Pile, Plants, Pruyn, Raum, Roots,
Ross, Sawyer. Selye, Shellabarger, Stone, Taylor,
Trowbridge, RobertT. Van Horn, Van Wyck.Vidal,
Ward, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Woodbridgo—63.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: I vote "No" on
this bill because I look upon it as a tax on
'•copperheads." [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, stated that his col-
league [Mr. Dodcb] was detained at his room
by sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
. The latter motion was agreed to. ■ .
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE- TREASURY.
The SPEAKER laid before, the House the
annual report of Ehe Secretary of the Treasury
for 1868; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and owtered to be printed.
judgments of court oif claims.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the chief - clerk, of the
Court of Claims, transmitting, in oompliftttce
with the act of June 25, 1868, a statement of
the judgments rendered by that court during
the past year; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
paupers in the district of columbia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Surgeon General
of the United States Army, reporting the con-
tracts made by him for the care, support, and
treatment of sixty transient paupers in the city
of Washington, in accordance with the ant of
July 27, 1868; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
patent office.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Commissioner of
Patents, transmitting a detailed account of the
receipts and expenditures of his office from
July 20, 1868, to December 1, 1868, in com-
pliance with the act of July 20, 1868; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
destitute indians.
The SPEAKER also kid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, with a letter'from
P. H.«Conger, agent for the Yankton Sioux
Indians of Dakota, relative to the destitute
condition of the tribes of the Upper Missouri ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
louisiana contested election.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
Jones vs. Mann; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
georgia legislature.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the memorial of members of the Legislature
of Georgia and others, relative to the illegal
organization of that body under the recon-
struction laws; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
senators from oregon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has had sent
to him, by the presiding officers of the two
branches of the Oregon Legislature, the res-
olutions of that Legislature relative to their
Senators in Congress. He lays them before
this body because the State Legislature has
requested him so to do. The title will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolutions of the Legislative Assembly of Oregon
instructing their Senators in Congress to l esign, hav-
ing voted for measures plainly and palpably uncon-
stitutional, which have overthrown civil liberty and
free government, and consigned the citizens of
eleven States to odious and despotic military dic-
tatorship, &c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The title
is enough. I move that the paper be returned
to the source from which it came.
Mr. MULLINS. I second that motion*.
Mr. WOOD. Let the resolutions be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that he
presented the paper because it came from a
State Legislature.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] will add to
his motion, " because it is indecorous.
Mr. WOOD. How can we tellwhether it is
indecorous or not until we hear it ready, .
Mr. GARFIELD. The title i*enougt>.
