1120
ffiB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarClil*,
1849: It- was on' the Army appropriation bill.
Mr.Hunter, chairmanof the Finance Com-
mittee, said as follows—I quote his precise
words
• "This amendment proposes an appropriation for a
claim of' a State, and should go on some other bill
than the Army bill."
It will be observed that Mr. Hunter's objec-
tion was, not that the motion was out of order
on a general appropriation bill or because it
came from a State, but that it was out of place
on the Army bill,. He did not call it a private
bill. Now, what was said by the chairman of
the Military Committee at the time, Mr. Wel-
ler ? Here are his words.:
"Ido.nofc know wIhtb this amendment could he
placed except upon the Army bill, It is for the pay-
ment of military service."
The amendment was then agreed to without
a decision. That appears in the Globe. Then
there is another case which I have before
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. I understand it to be the rule of the
Senate that all questions of order are to be
decided without debate. The Chair would so
decide if it were submitted to him; and now,
as it is submitted to the Senate, I insist that
the Senate must decide this question of order
without debate.
Mr. SUMNBE. I have no desire to say any-
thing more. The other day we discussed it at
great length. I am merely adducing some
additional precedents. I am perfectly willing
to have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All ques-
tions of order submitted to the Chair must be
decided without debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I ask for a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
the custom, however, when a question is sub-
mitted to the Senate for the Senate to take the
privilege of debating it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to make an
inquiry. Is this the identical question which
was decided the other day that we are now to
decide upon, or is it a question whether or not
the Senate is bound by the decision of the
Senate in committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands this to be the identical question
decided in Committee of the Whole whether
the amendment is germane to the bill, and
whether it can be put on an appropriation bill
under the thirtieth rule of the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 20; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony,Cameron,Corbett,
Gragin, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler, Harlan, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye. Os-
born, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Rice,
Boss, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumner, Tipton,Warner, and
Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew,Chandler,Conkling.Da-
vis, Drake, Perry, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hender-
son, Hendricks, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson of Tennessee, Robertson, Sherman,
Trumbull. Van Winkle, Willey, and Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Cole, Conness,
Dixon, Edmunds, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg,
Pomeroy. Pool, San'sbury, Sprague, Stewart.Thayer,
Vickors, Wade, Welch, Whyte, and Yates—21.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
decide that the amendment is in order.
Mr. GRIMES. Questions of order having
been disposed of, I suppose now this proposition
stands upon its own merits.
Mr. President, there are some exceedingly
interesting things in connection with thispropo-
sition, some exceedingly interesting develop-
ments that have been made in regard to it, and
there are some that have not yet been made,
which I wish the Senate and the country to learn.
In the first place, it will be particularly pleas-
ant to know how the claim originated. Accord-
ing to the history I have read I had supposed
that Massachusetts was not exceedingly enthu-
siastic in favor of the war of 1812-15. At any
rate it took that State forty-seven years to con-
vince Congress that she had made any advances
at all, according to the statements that have
been made both by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Scmneb] and the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mjr. Patterson,] who is in
part the representative of this claim on this
floor; for they say that the principal of the
claim was not paid until 1859. At that time
the Government of the United States settled
finally as it supposed with the States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine. There was no claim pre-
ferred by either of those States, so far as the
record appears and so far as has been stated
by either of the Senators who have advocated
the claim, on the subject of interest. The mat-
ter of interest was an afterthought. It was
never presented by these exceedingly patriotic
States, these States that claim to have suffered
so much in behalf of the country during the
war, until about five or six years ago in the midst
of the civil war, when the energies of the coun-
try were crippled for the want of money. Then
it was that through the instrumentality of some
gentlemen who represented a railroad company
in the State of Maine that has since dissemi-
nated itsinfluences into Ohio and Pennsylvania,
the States of'MaineandMassachusettsappeared
before the country claiming a payment for in-
terest upon the advances that they had made
of money during the war of 1812-14.
Then, Mr. President, there are some exceed-
ingly interesting things in connection with the
way in which the matter has been conducted
here. When this claim came to the Senate,
instead of being referred to the Committee on
Claims or the Committee on Military Affairs
to investigate a question of this sort, as would
be the ordinary course of proceeding, it seems
to have been referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, where there happen—which
does not occur in any other case in connection
with any of our committees—to be a Senator
from the State of Massachusetts, another one
from the State of Maine, and another from the
neighboring State of New Hampshire. I know
how that is said to have occurred. The States
of Maine and Massachusetts had several claims.
They were combined in one petition. They
were sent to committees while they were in
that combination. All the claims have been
allowed except this particular one, which did
not relate to anything that had arisen under
the Ashburton treaty, but related to an entirely
separate and independent matter. At the
instance of the Senator from Massachusetts, I
believe, it was referred to his committee.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I beg your pardon.
I had nothing to do with the reference.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, at the instance of
some gentleman who was in favor of this claim
it was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. That committee has not honored
us or enlightened us with a report on the sub-
ject. We do not know anything about the
facts. One gentleman who has talked to us in
favor of the claim tells us that there is a pre-
cedent, and only one; and that is the precedent
of the State of Maryland. Another one, the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patter-
son,] who is also a member of that commit-
tee, says that there are several States that have
been allowed interest on their claims, and that
one of them is his own State of New Hamp-
shire, and that Maine should be allowed inter-
est in this instance. Where are the facts'?
Why do they not put themselves on the record
on that subject? Why was it referred to the
committee but for the committee to give us the
enlightened judgment of that collective body?
We have nothing that goes on record to show
what the facts are.
It is true that this matter was referred to a
committee in the House of Representatives in
the Thirty-Eighth or Thirty-Ninth Congress. I
have taken the trouble to examine their report.
Five of the members of that committee united
generally in favor of a claim of interest. At.
that time, I believe, it was understood that this
interest amounted to only $170,000. Four gen-
tlemen of the committee united in an opinion
saying that it was wholly unauthorized and un-
exampled for a State to demand a claim of this
kind. The majority of the committee, of which
the Senator from New Hampshire was the
organ, only referred as a precedent to the
Maryland case to support the claim in this in-
stance.
But, Mr: President, not only has the claim
itself which is made against this Government
expanded and enlarged, but the influences that
control it and that are relied upon to carry it
through Congress have been enlarged and ex-
tended. This claim is not for the benefit or to
go to the government of the States of Maine
and Massachusetts. The States of Maine and
Massachusetts have already, owning as they
claim to do according to the proposition before
us two thirds in Massachusetts and one third
in Maine, conveyed their title to a railroad cor-
poration ; and I saw some of the directors of
that railroad corporation on the floor here to-
day using the courtesy, I suppose, of the body
to enlighten the minds of Senators in behalf
of this claim.
I know that we have been in the habit of
dealing in large sums of money, so much so
that we are accustomed to regard seven hun-
dred thousand or one million dollars as a mat-
ter of very small consequence; but let me
admonish Senators that there is vastly more
than that involved in this claim. You are
going to establish a principle by passing it
which will involve scores of millions of dollars.
I know of claims in the pockets of Senators
here to-day, ready to be presented upon the
strength of the precedent you are goitig to
establish in this case. There are States that
claim to have made advances for one thing and
; another during this war to the amount of eight
1 or ten million dollars each, each of whom
will claim not only the amount which they are
said to have advanced, but interest and com-
pound interest upon that amount, and you will
never get to the end of such claims.
I do not know that I have any special inter-
est in this case, or that my constituents have
any special interest in the case any more than
the people of any other State, except that we
have defrayed the expenses of our government;
we have carried our State through the war
upon our own resources, supporting ourselves
by our own taxes; and if we have got to pay
interest upon everything that has been ad-
vanced, and interest upon sums upon which
there has been what was understood to be a
final settlement and conclusion of the whole
claim, it may be rather oppressive upon the
people of my State, as the Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] may in some future time
find it is oppressive upon the people of his
State.
Mr. SUMNER. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from Iowa seem to turn, so far as I appre-
hend them, on two points. The first was a
suggestion with regard to the conduct of Mas-
sachusetts at the time when these claims oc-
curred ; and the second was another suggestion
that'if this interest account was recognized it
would be a dangerous and costly precedent to
the country. As to the first suggestion of the
Senator, I am not here to discuss the conduct
of Massachusetts on that occasion. It does
not belong to the case. Itbelongs to the history
of this Republic; and there I know it forms a
not uninteresting chapter; but it has nothing
to do with the merits of the question now before
us. It has already been amply discussed in
Congress and out of Congress. In Congress
it has received a formal adjudication from which
there can be no appeal. Twice over have those
claims been thoroughly, most profoundly dis-
cussed in Congress ; and twice over have they
been recognized as among the valid claims on
the Government. And now, when the question
at this late day arises as to the payment of in-
terest on those claims, not as to the payment
of any part of the claims themselves, but sim-
ply as to payment of interest on the claims,
the Senator from Iowa goes back of the ques-
tion of interest, back of the question of the
claims, and impeaches the conduct of the State
of Massachusetts. Sir, I repeat again that does
not belong to the case; it has nothing to do
with it; it is settled. Some things must be
treated as settled in the conduct of legislative
