1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
additional compensation therefor. The Secretary
ot War shall also detail an officer not below the rank
of colonel to fill the office and discharge the duties
ot Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Officers of the
Army designated to perform the duties of commis-
sioner, superintendent, agent, or sub-agent shall not
be required to give the bonds now required of civil
appointees, but shall be responsible for any neglect
or maladministration according to the Rules and Ar-
ticles of War. All contracts for transportation con-
nected with tlie Indian service shall hereafter be
made m thesamo manner and ac the same time pro-
vided for transportation for the use of the Army,
llie Secretary of War shall be authorized to with-
hold all special licenses from traders, and under
regulations to be by him prescribed, to provide the
times and places at which all traders complying
therewith may present themselves for bargain, bar-
ter, and exchange with the several Indian tribes,
according to the laws of the United States regulating
the same.
Mr. WINDOM. If I do not lose my right
to raise pqints of order on this amendment I
will yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to make a point of order which
he desires to make.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from.
Minnesota [Mr. Windom] will be heard upon
his point of order when he makes it. -
Mr. WINDOM. Then I yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BUTLBB, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand this amendment is offered as an entirety,
as a whole. Do I understand aright ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe it is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
I understand that the last portion of this amend-
ment proposes to transfer the Indian Bureau
from the Interior Department to the War De-
partment. Unanimous consent was given to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to
bring in an amendment for the reduction of
the Army, and for that purpose only. There-
fore this being offered as an entire amendment,
as lie says, it is out of order, as it undertakes
to legislate regarding the Indian Bureau.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am entirely willing to
leaye that point without debate to the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Imake apointupon
that portion of the amendment relating to the
Indian Bureau. I undestand permission was
given to the gentleman to offer an amendment
for the reduction of the Army. He now offers
an amendment for the reduction of the Army
and also some sections in regard to the Indian
Bureau.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish simply to
make this point of order: that 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain two points of order at the same time. The
point of order made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is that the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs
[Mr. Gaufield] has admitted that his amend-
ment is offered as an entirety; that the unani-
mous consent given was for the reporting of
an amendment for the reduction of the Army,
and that a part of the amendment relates to a
different subject. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the Chair rule
out the whole amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD. Do I understand the Chair
to say that because of an objection to one sec-
tion of the amendment all the other sections
are ruled out? Of course it is an amendment
with sections; but it is an entirety, so far as
the report of the committee is concerned.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will reply
that if the gentleman 
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the Chair whether
the amendment I have offered is or is notdivis-
ble?
The CHAIRMAN. Tlie amendment is divis-
ible ; but the gentleman has claimed it to be
an entirety.
Mr. GARFIELD. I claimed it to be an
entirety only in this, that it is the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment is
offered as an entirety the Ohair must sustain
the point of order and rule out the whole
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand a division of
the amendment into its sections, and if any
member objects to any section I insist that the
point of order must be made on the section
objected to, and not on the whole.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Ohio now offer his amendment in that
manner ?,
Mr. GARFIELD. If it be necessary I will
offer the amendment by sections so as to obvi-
ate the objection.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a point of order,
which 1 will state in a single word. The gen-
tleman from Ohio had permission the other
day to offer an amendment for the reduction
of the Army, and for no other purpose. He
afterward asked the House whether he would
be allowed to offer his proposition for the
transfer of the Indian Bureau, and when mem-
bers generally discovered this manifestation of
his monomania they actually laughed at the
proposition. The gentleman now offers what
was notincluded in the permission which was
given to him, and I claim that it should be
struck out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
that point of order, for the gentleman from
Ohio now proposes to offer his amendment by
sections, separately. The Chair will entertain
that proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer it as 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. My point of order is this :
that the chairman of the Military Committee
had leave to bring in a bill for the reduction of
the Army as an amendment to this appropria-
tion bill. Under the leave of the House he has
brought in such a bill, and it has been ruled
out of order. In the mean time, or rather be-
fore his amendment was presented, 1 presented
in the House, by unanimous consent, a bill for
the reduction of the Army, aud it was referred
to the Committee of the Whole to be considered.
I now claim the rightful precedence for my
amendment. The gentleman from Ohio has
exhausted the privilege which was granted to
him. He now desires to offer another and
a different amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Allow me to say a word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I take it
that the Chair will not allow the gentleman to
interrupt me until I get through the statement
of my point of order. I say that he now offers
another and a different amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
debating.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist that you are.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am stat-
ing my point of order. The gentleman from
Ohio has withdrawn his amendment, and he
offers another amendment, not from the com-
mittee, but on his own motion. I insist, as my
amendment was placed before the committee by
order of the House, that it shall take prece-
dence.
Mr. GARFIELD. I say that I have not
withdrawn my amendment. On the contrary,
I demanded at the time that the Chair should
decide as to my right under the point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise a point of order
that in reporting this amendment the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have not followed
the instructions of the House, but that they
have incorporated in the amendment matters
in reference to which they had no instructions
whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
that point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask to be heard.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am not debating.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman is
debating.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will now rule
on the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlbr.-] By ref-
erence to the Globe, the following will be found
to be the proceedings in the House :
" Mr. Bctlkk, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, offered a series of amendments to the Army
appropriation bill; which were ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole to be
considered with the bill."
The gentleman from Ohio was instructed, by
unanimous consent, to report from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs amendments for the
reduction of the Army. The Chair ruled out
the amendments which were submitted by the
gentleman from Ohio/ taken as an entirety;
but before the gentleman had taken his seat,
reserving his right to the floor, and without the
gentleman from Massachusetts pressing his
rights, he submitted, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, the first section of
his previous amendment, which is in relation
to the reduction of the Army.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
see how I yielded any right I had, for 1 was
calling out to the Chairman all the time.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to understand what
was the ruling of the Chair in reference to the
point of order I-made?
Mr. GARFIELD. If I am recognized as
entitled to the floor I will yield for a question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes
the gentleman from Ohio as entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield for a question.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to know whether
the gentleman has offered as an amendment
this last section?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has
offered the first section of his amendment.
Mr. BUTLBR, of Massachusetts. Let him
debate that, then, and nothing else.
Mr. PAINE. Are we under the five-minutes
rule in the discussion of this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. No; the five-minutes
rule does not prevail. The Chair was under
the impression that there was a special order
in reference to this subject; but he is informed
that the five-minutes rule does not prevail.
The Chair, however, was under the impression
that the order of the House for the five-minutes
rule did not apply to the amendments to this
subject.
Mr. BLAINE. If the Chair will allow me
to make a statement, my motion was, and it
was on my motion that the House gave direc-
tion to the committee, that the five-minutes rule
should prevail until the Army appropriation
bill proper should be finished, which has been
done, but that there should be no limitation of
debate when the committee came to consider
these amendments for the reduction of the
Army. This morning I proposed that the gen-
eral debate should be limited to one hour, hut
as it was objected to by several gentlemen I
did not press my motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The understanding of
the gentleman who has charge of the bill is the
understanding of the Chair, and he will so rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that neither the gentleman in charge
of the bill nor the committee itself can change
the rules and records of the House, and when
the general debate has once been closed upon
a bill and it has been put under the five-min-
utes rule we cannot go back to the general
debate without *he committee rising and going
into the House for that purpose.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, the Journal will show
whether that is so. I take it the gentleman
will not claim that if the motion was made
in the House and the records of the House
show that it was adopted in the House it does
not now prevail in committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman can
show that that was ordered we should have our
rule.
Mr. BLAINE. If it does not show it then
my word amounts to nothing. It is a were
matter of record.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But in committee
we certainly cannot do it.
Mr. BLAINE. Of course not. I am only
talking about proceedings in the House. I
know I made the motion in the House, and it
