1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
tirety to amend the Army appropriation bill by
reducing the Army. The House in the same
language on the record allowed me to offer an
amendment which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole. The gentleman offered
his bill as an entirety, and the Chair ruled it
out. I then insisted that my amendment came
in, and I understood the Chair to rule that that
was right, except that the gentleman had a
right to divide his bill and debate the first
section of the bill. Now, after my bill has
been read—and I pray you to mark that I have
given up no right; I do not know what I have
lost—he proposes to withdraw a portion of his
bill, and substitute a new bill and put it in
front of mine. I insist that mine shall come
first, and that is my point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I did not desire to in-
terrupt the gentleman by raising a point of
order on him, but I wish to inquire of the
Chair if the gentleman from Massachusetts has
been recognized as having a bill now under
consideration before this committee? It is
true that the House permitted the gentleman
to introduce what he proposed as an amend-
ment and refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and it is now
in'posse'ssion of that committee, but the gentle-
man never had any right which impairs the
right of the Committee on Military Affairs to
report this bill, and to make the modifications
which I have proposed.
Mr.BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One single
observation further, and that is. that the bill
now offered is not the bill of the Committee
on Military Affairs at all.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is absolutely the
same with the exception of the parts I have
omitted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Abso-
lutely the same except where it is different, I
agree. [Laughter.] It is now a new bill with
all there was in it left out; because all there
really was in the bill was the Indian depart-
ment. The rest was only a sort of skeleton
to hang the Indian department on. Now the
whole meat has been taken out of the bill, and
it is not the same bill that the committee re-
ported.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state,
in reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that by unanimous consent the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs was per-
mitted to report an amendment providing for
the reduction of the Army. On the next day
the gentleman from Massachusetts obtained
this order:
"Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, otfered a series ot amendments to the Army
appropriation bill; which were ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole, to bo
considered with the bill."
The gentleman from Massachusetts did not
claim the floor to consider his amendments
until afterthe gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] had obtained the floor and moved his
amendment by sections. He has since modi-
fied it, as lie had a right to do. Every gentle-
man has a right to modify an amendment be-
fore a decision upon it. The Chair, therefore,
overrules the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, and the gentleman
from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. After having come up
through great tribulation I understand that the
Committee ou Military Affairs has now a propo-
sition in the form of an amendment as an
entirety to the Army appropriation bill before
the Committeeof the Whole,andthe chairman
of that committee has the floor. I am now
requested by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] to yield the floor to him for some
purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire the gen-
tleman from Ohio to yield the floor to me, that
I ma> move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD. State for what purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My purpose is this:
there is now-on the Speaker's table a concur-
rent, resolution passed by the Senate to-day
with reference to the announcement of the
electoral vote on next Wednesday by the Pre-
siding Officer of the joint convention of the
two Houses which will then convene for the
purpose of counting the votes and announcing
the result. And as this is the only day on
which I can make the motion to suspend the
rules before Wednesday shall have come and
passed, I desire to make the motion at this
time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Ferry reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole, according to order, had had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 1803, making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1870, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
eluctokal vote of georgia.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
move to suspend the rules 
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. ROSS. My point of order is that by
agreement of the House the business for this
evening was to be confined to the consideration
of the Army bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understandsthatthegentlemanfrom Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] is about to submit a motion to sus-
pend the rules for a particular purpose, which,
if made and adopted, will suspend that as well
as all other rules that stand in the way of the
object desired.
Mr. ROSS. I refer to an agreement or un-
derstanding of the House ; not to any rule.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A general
understanding and agreement is always re-
garded as a rule.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now move that
the rules be suspended in order that the con-
current resolution of the Senate, in relation to
the electoral vote of Georgia, may be taken
from the Speaker's table and agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the concurrent
resolution be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas the question whether the State of Georgia
has become and is entitled to representation in the
two Houses of Congress, is now pending and unde-
termined; and whereas by the joint, resolution,of
Congress passed July 20,1868, entitled "A resolution
excluding from the .Electoral College votes of States
lately in rebellion, which shall not have been reor-
ganized,"it was provided that no electoral votes from
any of the States lately in rebellion should be re-
ceived or counted for President or Vice President of
the United States until, among other things, such
State,should have become entitled to representation
in Congress pursuant to the acts of Congress in that
behalf: Therefore,
Resolvedly the Senate,(the House ofKepresentatives
concurring,)That on the assembling of the two Houses
on the second Wednesday of February, 1869. for the
counting of the electoral votes for President and
Vice President, as provided by law and the joint
rules, if the counting or omitting to count the elect-
oral votes, if any, which may be presented, as of
the Stateof Goorgia,shaH not essentially change the
result, in that, case they shall be reported by the
President of tho Senate in the following manner:
where the votes presented, as of the State of Geor-
gia, to be counted, the result would be, for —;— for
President of the United States, votes; if not
counted, for for President of theUnitcd States,
 votes; but in either case is elected Presi-
dent of the United States; and in the same manner
for Vice President.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman front Iowa [Mr. Wilson] a ques-
tion ?
Mr. ALLISON. I think that would be in
the nature of debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is
in order upon a motion to suspend the rules if
obiectioti is made.
'Mr. ALLISON. I will not make objection.
Mr. RANDALL. The question I desire to
ask is whether 
Mr. SHANKS. I renew the objection to
debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Iowa 
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I will make a par-
liamentary inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will hear the inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD; Would it be in order to
move to amend this concurrent resolution of
the Senate so as to make it apply also to tha
State of Louisiana?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
is to suspend the rules for the purpose of tak-
ing from the table and agreeing to the resolu-
tion. That precludes all amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish the gentle-
man from Iowa would simply move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of taking tip the reso-
lution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I prefer my motion
as I have submitted it.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry of the Chair.
The .SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his inquiry.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the Chair view this
resolution as in the nature of a law, if passed,
requiring the signature of the President to make
it of any force ?
Tho SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not entertain that as a parliamentary
question.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I would like to have
the Chair or somebody else decide that ques-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Iowa to modify his motion so as to
permit an amendment to this resolution to
include the State of Louisiana.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I prefer not to
do so.
The question was upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules, upon which Mr. Woodward
had called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were seven in the
affirmative.
The SPEAKER^ro tempore. The yeas and
nays are not ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. BEAMAN. My point of order is that
pending a motion to suspend the rules a mo-
tion to adjourn is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn, and
there were eleven in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. WOODWARD. I called for the yeas
and nays on the motion of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to suspend the rules. The
next thing I heard in regard to my call was the
announcement by the Chair that the House
had refused to order the yeas and nays. Now,
I submit that the question of ordering the yeas
and nays must be submitted to the House so
that we may have a vote on the question. I
have not voted upon it, nor have I heard the
question submitted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
counted those voting in the affirmative, and
there were only six. The Chair stated that in
his opinion there were not enough. No objec-
tion was made to that decision; and the Chair
announced the result.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish the Chair to
understand the point I make. I do not deny
