IT2-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
that the ©haiu announced the result. I com-
plain that he did not state the question so that
1. Iwsard it, Qriuew the vote was being taken.
The first 1 heard was the announcement of
the result. I did not vote on the question at all.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the reporters have the matter
recorded.  s stated by the Chair.. If the gen-
tleman failed to hear the putting of the ques--
tion -{he Chair regrets it.
Mr. RANDALL. I.demand tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House resolve
itselt into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the Army appropriation bill.
. The SBEAKEB, pro tempore. That motion
is not in order pending the motion to adjourn.
The question is on ordering tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to;
there being—ayes 14, noes 99.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order,
that on the vote just taken less than a quorum
voted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Less than a quorum
can refuse to adjourn.
Mr -BAND ALL. But it requires a quorum
to. saapebd.the rules.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The vote last
taken was on the motion to adjourn.
, Mr. RANDALL. I waive the point for the
present.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, to suspend the rules for
the purpose of adopting the concurrent resolu-
tion, there were—ayes 95, noes (i; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilsox, of
Iowa, and Mr. Woodward, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I suggest that the call for
a division be withdrawn, with the understand-
ing that by general consent the yeas and nays
ehull be taken upon the motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move that the
House adjourn. .
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the yeas and nays be taken on the
motion to suspend the rules.
There was no objection.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
TKe question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 17, not vot-
_ ing 107 ; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Allison, Amos, Banks, Beaman,
Bcatty, TSen.iaimn, Benton, Blnine, Blair, Boles,
Bowon, Boydon, Brootnnli, iiuoklaml, Benjamin IT.
Butler, llodoriok R. Butler, Churchill. Clift, Cobb,
Colmrn, Corloy, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Doweese,
Dickey, Dixon, Dodge, IScklev, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry,
SarfieW, Halsoy, Harding, llo.iton, Higby, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins. Cheater D. Hubbard, Ilulburd,
Jonokes. Julian. Kolloy, Kellogi?, Kelsey, Koontz,
l.afliti, William ljawronco, Lonrt, T,o^un, Lough ridge,
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, MeKec, Miller, Moore,
Moorlioad, AluUins, iJorris, Paine, Perliam, Peters,
Pioreo, Pile, PI an ts, Prifto, Piince, liauni, Roots, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Sco field, Shanks. Sho!l;ibargei\Stark-
weather, Stevens. Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Kypher,
Taylor. Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Rob-
ort T. Van llorn.Vidal, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William Wil-
liams, Jaiaes F. Wilson, John X. Wilson, and Win-
dom—98,
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Boyer Fnrnsworth, Gets,
Holmail, Hotchkiss. Johnson. Thomas L. Jones, Nib-
lack, Phelps, Randall, Boss, Tabcr, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Woodward, and Young—17.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Anderson Archer,
Arnell, Delos ft. Ashley, Jamos M. Ashley, Axtell,
'Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Bariium, Beck, Bingham,
Blackburn, Boutwell, Broinwell, Brooks. Buckley,
Burr, Cake, Callis, Cary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Covodo. Dockery, Don-
DriKgs, Edwards, Egsrleston, Eldridge, Thomas
D. iiliot, Jamesl.Elliott, Fields,Fox, French, Gloss-
brenner, Golladay, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold,
Grover Haight, Hamilton, Haughey, Hawkins, Asa-
xr / ' "Ubbard, KiehardX). Hubbard, Humphrey,
Hunter, loeersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kerr,
Ketcbam, Kitchen,Knott. Lash, George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, MoCormick, Mc-
Cullough, Mercur, Morrell. Morrissey, Mungen. My-
ers, NewcomK^ Nunn, O'Neill,
Orth, Pettis, Pike, Poland, Polslev, Pomeroy, Pruyn
Robertson. Robinson, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Stone,Taffe, Tift, John Trimble. Lawrence
S. Trimble, Van Aernam. Burt Van. Horn, Van WyeK,
Ward,' Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne. Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
and Wood'bridge—107. '
So the motion to suspend the rales was agreed
to, and the concurrent resolution was adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also moved that fhe
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion wa. agreed to.
SALE OF THE STEAMER ATLANTIC.'
Mr. BLAINE. There is a joint resolution
on the Speaker's table, returned from the Sen-
ate with an amendment, in which the United
States is deeply interested, and I have been re-
quested by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] to move to take it up for the purj
pose of concurring in that amendment of the
Senate. It relates to the foreclosure of the
rights of the United States in the steamer Atlan-
tic on an old mortgage. It passed the House
unanimously, and it comes back from the Sen-
ate with a verbal amendment, the consideration
of which will take but a very few minutes. It
is a matter of very great interest to the Treasury.
There was no objection ; and the House took
up the Senatg amendment to joint resolution
(H.R. No. 372) directing the sale of the steamer
Atlantic.
The amendment of the Senate was read. It
strikes out all of the resolution after the fourth
line in the following words:
Sell, without further delay, in accordance with the
terms of the said mortgage, the said steamship Atlan-
tic, now lying in the portot New York, and to finally
close up the said trust, and report fully to Congress.
And inserts in lieu thereof the following :
Proceed at once, in such mode as the law and deed
of mortgage may authorize, to cnforce the-lien upon
said steamship Atlantic, with a view to the imme-
diate payment of the expenses of the trust and any
other balances that may bo duo and owing upon the
said mortgage.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have the
joint resolution read, so that the House may
know what it is we are voting on.
The resolution was read. The preamble to
the resolution recites that on the 6th of Feb-
ruary, 1849, an agreement in the nature of a
chattel mortgage was entered into between the
Secretary of the Navy of the United States and
the assignees of the Collins contract, by which,
after reciting the acts of March 3,1847, and
August 3, 1848, and that the assignees of the
contract had launched two vessels (the At-
lantic and Pacific, still unfinished,) and had
applied for advances under the act and were
willing and desirous to secure the repayment
or refunding of the same from the annual com-
pensation of the ships by a lien on the ships,
it was witnessed that the assignees bargained,
sold, and conveyed the two vessels to Prosper
M. Wetmore upon trust; that the assignees
should retain possession of the vessels and
employ them in execution of the contract, and
if after the expiration of one year from the
commencement of the performance of the ser-
vice under the contract the assignees should
have failed to repay in money or to refund out
of one year's compensation such outstanding
balances due and unpaid or unrefunded of such
advances as the Secretary of the Navy might
have made prior to the end of one year from
the commencement of the performance of the
service, then Wetmore was, after advertising
for six months the time and place of sale, to
sell the steamships at public auction, and out
of the proceeds pay the expenses of the trust,
the balances of advances due the United States,
and the surplus to the assignees ; that the deed
of mortgage is still binding on the Atlantic,
one of the steamships; that a large amount
is still due on the mortgage for expenses in-
curred in executing the trust, which amount it
is claimed the Government is liable for ; and
that the sale of the steamship Atlantic has
been duly advertised according to the terms
of the mortgage, but never sold. The Secre-
tary of the Navy is therefore directed to cause
the trustees named in the deed of mortgage to
sell without delay, in accordance with the terms
of the mortgage, the steamship Atlantic, now
lying in the port of New York, and to finally
ciose up the trust and report fully to Congress.
The amendment of the. Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REDUCTION OF ARMY PAY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
by unanimous consent, that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be in-
structed to consider an amendment to the Army
appropriation bill reducing the pay of the
Army.
Mr. BOYER. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose indicated.
The rules were suspended; and the order was
accordingly made.
INTERNATIONAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Roads .and Canals have
leave to report on Thursday next in reference
to the International Pacific or the Cairo, Little
Rock, and Fulton railroad.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, as I understand
there is a subsidy in that bill.
HAYTI AND SAN DOMINGO.
Mr. BANKS. I move, by unanimous con-
sent, that there be an evening session on
Thursday for debate only on that part of the
President's message relating to Hayti and San
Domingo.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Thursday evening has
already been fixed for the consideration of
pension bills.
Mr. BANKS'. I will say Friday evening,
then.
Mr. UPSON. The President's message is
not yet before the committee.
Mr. BANKS. We only ask that Friday
evening shall be set apart for a discussion of
that subject. We do not ask that the Presi-
dent's message shall be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
If gentlemen prefer it, I will submit the reso-
lution which has been prepared by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Oetii.]
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I desire to ask if
this consent will have the effect of bringing the
resolution before the House.
TheSPEAKER pro tempore. Itisproposed
to liavo a session for debate only.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Will it bring the
resolution into the House for subsequent ac-
tion?
The SPFiAIvER pro tempore. The Chair
does not so understand it.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Be it resolved hy the Senate and House of Rex>resent~
atives,&e., That the territory belonging to the Do-
minican Republic shall, upon the application of the
Government and people of said republic-, be admit-
ted into the Union as a territory of the United States,
to bo called the Territory of San Domingo, upon the
conditions and in the manner following: first, the
people of that republic sho.ll adopt a republican form
of territorial government by deputies in convention
assembled for that purpose; second, such action by
the people shall bewith the cousentand cooperation
of the existing Government of said republic ; third,
such form of government shall thereafter be submit-
ted to the Congress of the United States for its ap-
proval; fourth, the admission of said territory shall
be made with a view to an ultimate establishment of
a Stato government republican in form in and over
the said territory in conformity to the Constitution
of the United States and with the approval of Con-
gress: Provided, Thatnotbinghereincontamed.shaU
be held and construed to assume any debt or indebt-
edness of the Dominican Republic or undertake the
payment of any sum of moneyfor any purpose what-
ever.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules,
then, for tke purpose of setting apart Friday
evening next for debate on this subject.
- Mr, FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that auy gentleman can discuss that or
