20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
that they may go out and take care of them-
selves and their families. I do not say it is
uniformly the ease that such are the appoint-
ments ; bat as a general rule that is the way iti
which men are rewarded for political services.
When thus appointed Indian agents, they run
a career long or brief as the case may be, pick-
ing up some money by collusion with contractors
or cheating the Indians or getting up wars;
and they retire from office with or without much
in their pockets, according to the chances they
may have had. Whenever they are ready to
retire, they retire by resignation ; nobody can
prevent their retirement; and there is an end
of the matter. If you seek to hold them respon-
sible upon their bonds for any malfeasance,
you are not likely often to collect anything
either from them or their securities. But when
an officer of the Army is detailed for this ser-
vice and enters upon the duty, he puts at stake
his commission, which is his support for life.
He puts at stake his reputation. He is liable
to summary trial and punishment by a court-
martial for misconduct in connection with
Indian affairs as he would be for any other
misconduct in the field or in the garrison;
and I would not give the security derived
by holding a court-martial over the heads of
one of these officers, and the danger of his
losing his commission by sentence of court-
martial for any misbehavior, for all other se-
curities that by bonds or otherwise you can
require of any of these agents you may send
to do this work. I hope, therefore, this prin-
ciple will be preserved.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. He says you cannot touch
Indian ulhiire without being contaminated. Is
that the particular reason why lie would send
a military officer to take charge of those people
in future? And why does he wish to vary the
ordinary rale? Had you not better take all the
security you can? Why should you dispense
with the present security and require another?
Mr. SCLIENCK. Because we substitute a
better security in its place.
Mr. WINDOW. Why not take both?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not see the necessity
of taking one which is inefficient when we can
substitute another which we think perhaps will
be efficient.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether ho proposes to increase the
pay of regular Army officers employed under
this bill ?
Mr. SCIIENCK. No, sir; and for that
reason the gentleman will find, if he consid-
ers that point in the case, that it runs right
into a question of great economy, to be effected
by adopting 1 his bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. GARFIELD. I have agreed to yield
five minutes to the gentleman from California.
_ Mr. II1GBY. Mr. Speaker, if we are to
give credit to the argument in favor of this bill
it amounts to about this : that there is no virtue
in this nation except it be in the Army of the
United States. There is a great outcry against
the present system of administering our Indian
affairs through the civil department. But, Mr.
Speaker, the grand difficul'y is that we have
no system at all, and are seeking a remedy for
the want of one by transferring the Indian
Bureau from the Interior to the War Depart-
ment, simply changing its administration from
one class of men to another. Now, sir, in my
judgment this attempted remedy will prove a
failure. This nation will find itself in as bad
a condition, if not a worse one, after you have
made the change than it is now. Until we
devise some system by which the department
shall be administered, and have its checks and
balances, we shall find ourselves in just as
much trouble as we are now and have been for
years.
Sir, I do not believe in the doctrine that men
in one department of life are more honest than
they are in another; and when I am told that
•because these men are in the Army during
their lives that will be a check upon them and
an inducement to perform their duties hon-
estly, I do not believe it. I do not believe
we have more honest men there than in other
departments of life. I think there are just as
good men there as elsewhere, and no better.
The chairman of the committee tells us that
it is not the object of this bill to give power or
to increase the military force. I think I see
in it that there is to be a direct connection be-
tween the War Department and the adminis-
tration of Indian affairs—that is, a w,ar power
is to be exercised over the Indians. Sir, we
have got to return, in our manner of dealing
with the three hundred thousand Indians in
this country, to some system of honesty and
integrity like that carried out by William Penn,
who came single-handed and alone into this
continent and dealt successfully with the Indian
tribes around him.
Mr. WOODWARD. By deeds of peace.
Mr. H1GBY. Yes, sir, by deeds of peace,
as my friend well says. He came among them
with 110 weapon of war, and he secured a last-
ing peace. Lot this nation profit by his example.
But, sir, it is not from the Indian Bureau
that the trouble comes; it comes from other
sources. There is 110 power in that depart-
ment to check the evil, because there is no sys-
tem in the administration of Indian affairs, and
you do not create a system by simply transfer-
ring it to the War Department. I differ from
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] in
reference to that question. He says it was be-
fore the Thirty-Ninth Congress. It was more
or less, but it has not been before the Fortieth
Congress for its investigation. There are many
members here now who were not in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and I think it would be well
for them to have an opportunity to consider
this subject. It is now only the second day of
the session, and this bill, which is one of great
importance, is brought forward to be passed
here simply on an hour's debate. I hope it
will not pass.
Mr. GARFIELD. How much time have I
remaining ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has eleven
minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I will
conclude this debate by calling attention to
two or three points that have b'een made.
And first, let me correct my friend from Min-
nesota in regard to the decision of the Indian
commission which sat last year and made a
report in reference to Indian affairs. Thai
commission was divided on the question of
transferring the bureau to the War Depart-
ment, and they finally, in the hope of main-
taining peace with the Indians, recommended
first, that for the present the bureau should
not be transferred to the War Department, but
should be made a separate, independent depart-
ment ; and, in the next place, that Congress
be asked to pass an act fixing a day not later
than the 1st of February, 180'J, when all sub-
ordinate officers, superintendents, and agents
of Indian affairs should be dismissed from
their positions because they had become so
mixed up with frauds that they could not be
trusted. All this, however, was based 011 the
hope that peace might be maintained with the
Indians. But the commission very distinctly
say that if we are to have war the bureau
ought to be transferred to the War Department.
Now, what are the facts ? The commission-
ers concluded several treaties with the In-
dians. And here let me say that it seems to me
a sort of mockery for the representatives of
the great Government of the United States to
sit down in a wigwam and make treaties with
a lot of painted and half naked savages, only
to have those treaties trampled under foot the
very moment our officers are out of sight.
This whole matter of making treaties with our
wards is ridiculous. Still, I will not enter
upon that subject.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would ask the gen-
tleman if the peace commission itself did not
state that in a great majority of cases the first
infraction of the treaty came from the whites
instead of the Indians?
Mr. GARFIELD. I happen to hold in my
hand a much later document tha,n the report
of the peace commission, and I will read from
it. It is the official report of Lieutenant
General Sherman, dated November 1, 1868, in
which he gives a detailed and elaborate account
of what has transpired in the Indian country
since the peace commission sat, and he tells
the reasons why the peace commission took
the course it did. He says that soon after the
conclusion of the treaties, without any new pro-
vocation on the part of the whites, the Indians
by a concerted action began this terrible war
upon the frontier. This report very fully an-
swers the suggestion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoll,] that all aggressions
are made by the whites. After giving a de-
tailed account of the Indian hostilities and
what has been done to repress them, he argues
the subject elaborately, and says:
" I have to recommend that the Bureau of Indian
Affairs should be transferred back to the War De-
partment, where it belonged prior to 1849."
That is General Sherman's official report
of November 1, 1868.
Mr. WINDOM. What paper was it printed in?
Mr. GARFIELD. It has been printed in
the papers generally. I am now reading it as
printed in the National Intelligencer, a file of
which is kept in the Clerk's office.
Mr. WINDOM. I have never seen the
report.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if the peace commission toas
not divided upon this question at Chicago ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not know how it
was divided at Chicago. I know it was divided
last year, and that the majority was against the
transfer of the bureau. It may have been
divided this year, but the commission report
in favor of the transfer now.
Mr. MUNGEN. Did not General Sher-
man state, when he was before the Committee
on Indian Affairs of this Iiouse and the joint
Committee of the two Houses last session,
that if the appropriation for the annuities, or
rather the advancement of the annuities, was
not made last May, according to the arrange-
ment, it would bring on a war, and did not the
failure to make the" appropriations produce the
war?
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot say whether he
did or did not. If he did I am not aware of
that fact. I know that General Sherman says
in his recent official report that this war was
brought on, not by any fault of the whites, but
by the faithlessness and wickedness of the
Indians themselves.
Now, General Grant sends his annual report
to the Secretary of War under date of Novem-
ber 24, 1808, only two weeks ago, and in it
uses this language :
" I would earnestly renew my recommendation of
last year that the control of the Indians be trans-
ferred to the War Department. I eall special atten-
tion to the recommendation of General Sherman on
the subject. It has my earnest approval. It is un-
necessary that the arguments in favor of the trans-
fer should be restated. The necessity for it becomes
stronger and more evident every day."
Thus it will be seen that the General of the
Army approves the reports of General Sher-
man and General Sheridan. All this is really
in accordance with the report of the peace
commission; for they say if we are to have
war the bureau had better go to the War De-
partment. And in the same report, from which
my frien d from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] read,
there is a description of the constant difficulty
we are now in. It is in these words :
."As things now are, it is difficult to fix responsi-
bility. When errors are committed the civil depart-
ment blames the military: the military retort by the
charge of inefficiency or corruption against the offi-
cers of the bureau. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs escapes responsibility by pointing to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, while the Secretary may well
respond that, though in theory he may be responsi-
ble, practically he is governed by the head of the
bureau. We therefore recommend that Indian
affairs be committed to an independent bureau or
department. Whether the head of the department
should be made a member of thcPresident's Cabinet
is a matter for the discretion of Congress and your-
self, and may be as well settled without any sugges-
tions from us."
That report was made a year ago. With this
