1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
years refused to pay that very amount, would
he not think that his State of New Jersey was
entitled to the interest, and if he stood upon
this floor as a Senator from New Jersey would
he not claim it? Sir, I know he would.
Now, a word as to what he says about the
settlement of 1859. Settlement! Why, the
settlement was in 1837 ; that is to say, the
liquidaiion of the balance due was then made.
Nothing could be said then about interest and
nothing was. As I said before we claimed it
persistently from that time ; and what did we
do in 1859? Did we make a new settlement?
No settlement was made then; no adjustment
was made : we simply said, " Make an appro-
priation to pay that which you admit to be
due." That was all. So far as the liquidation
was concerned, that was twenty years before.
We asked for an appropriation to pay that
which you then admitted to be due.
The Senator says that I admit that we were
afraid to claim more. Sir, the Senator knows
very well how difficult it is to get a claim
through Congress. The Senator knows how
hard it is ; that if you put anything on it that
may be carped at you peril the whole claim.
We were glad enough after twenty years to get
the principal at that time. And then he says
we said nothing about the interest for ten years
after that. Sir, we said it every year; and does
not the Senator know as a lawyer that if a suit
is pending in court time does not run, that no
laches, no delay, no carelessness, nothing that
would make a legal objection can be made to
a suitor who is constantly in court? We were
in the only court to which we could come, and
that was the Congress of the United States. '
We were there from 1815 down, every year, all
the time making the claim; and now it is
thrown in our faces by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey that because Congress would
not pay for ten years after we demanded it
therefore time runs against us who were de-
manding it and ought to have had it before.
He would not make such an argument as that
in a court of law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask permis-
sion of the Senate to make a motion for a
recess from half past four o'clock until half
past seven o'clock this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entertained if there be no objection. It
is moved that the Senate take a recess from
half past fourto half past seven o'clock to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the danger
of this kind of legislation will he illustrated
before the discussion of this claim is closed.
I suppose the case will be so clearly presented
before the discussion is closed that this claim
and all similar claims will fail as amendments
, to bills of this kind, as I think they ought to
fail. The proposition as submitted by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts involves an appropria-
tion of over five million dollars. He himself
would be staggered at the magnitude of Ihe
claim as presented by him. I have made a
computation, which is accurate, showing that
the amount of the claim as presented by him is
over five million dollars.
Mr. SUMNER. How does the Senator
make it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to
read the amendment as the Senator offered it.
Mr. SUMNER. It has been read several
times.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Sumner.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that,
as the proposition was offered by him, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is bound to take the
amount due to the State of Massachusetts for
expenditures during the war of 1812, amount-
ing to $843,000, and compute interest at the
rateofsix percent., deductingpaymentsalready
made and allowing interest on the balance. I
have a statement here showing the aggregate
of that claim. The report of Mr. Poinsett,
■which is before me, under date of December
23, 1837, shows that the amount of the claim
in exact figures was $843,349 60. Taking that
amount as due in 1814, assuming that to be
the average year, and computing simple inter-
est on it at six per cent, up to the time of the
payment in 1831, and then computing, accord-
ing to the terms of this proposition, interest
on the balance then due to 1859, deducting
the amount then paid, and computing interest
on the balance until this time, and it makes
$5,270,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to correct the
Senator. He exaggerates the original claim
as allowed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have it before me.
Mr. SUMNER. The claim was over eight
hundred thousand dollars, but the allowance
was only six hundred and odd thousand dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Eight hundred and forty-
three thousand dollars is the amount stated in
Mr. Poinsett'sreport. Every dollaroftheprin-
cipal has been paid. I have before me an official
report of the Third Auditor's office, showing
that there was paid to Massachusetts in 1817
$11,000, on the 2d March, 1831, $419,748 26,
and in 1859, $227,176 49; so that the whole
amount has been paid. But even if the Sen-
ator will take it upon any other basis he will
find that the sum due upon the principle of
computation adopted by him would stagger the
Senate. But there is a carefully prepared re-
port on this subject accompanied by a bill
submitted by the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and it is but just to say that the amend-
ment suddenly offered here is a very different
proposition from that reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations by the Senator
from New Hampshire. That does contain cer-
tain restrictions which confine the computation
of interest to the sums of money on which the
State paid interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all we ask.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely say that if we
had gone blindly to work and adopted the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
as offered there is no earthly power except
Congress that could prevent the payment of
over five million dollars. The proposition re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations
contained this restriction: " that interest shall
be allowed to Massachusetts and Maine on such
sums only on which those States either paid
interest or lost interest by the transfer of an
interest-bearing fund." In other words, this
applied to the case, the rule applied to the
State of Maryland. Now, what is this claim,
even within these limits? It amounts to
$1,500,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN How does the Senator
know that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have it here in a report
of the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire. That report contains a statement of
the claim, si^ffed by George M. Weston, and
this statement was made by a gentleman whose
interest it was to reduce the claim as much as
possible. He was the agent of the State of
Maine to get the claim through Congress, and
of course his object was to reduce it as much
as he could in order to get it through ; and yet
in 1864 he states the charge of Maine to be
$353,732, and adding interest on the principal
sum up to this time it would be about four
hundred and fifty thousand dollars ; and Mas-
sachusetts has twice the interest Maine has.
Then, upon the statement of Mr. Weston, the
amount due is three times $450,000.
It is apparent, then, that even if you attach
to this amendment the limitations presented
by the Committee oil Foreign Relations the
claim amounts to, $1,400,000, and if you attach
to it the limitation of the Senator from Iowa
it is even greater. This shows that our at-
tempt to legislate on a question of this kind
at the closing period of the session when every
member speaks against it with fear that he
may injure the appropriation Bill—when we
are rushing through bills with little time to
examine a question of this kind involving so
large an amount directly—is dangerous legis-
lation which ought to startle us. Bat, sir,
remember, if this is adopted, you must apply
the same principle to every State ©f the Union.
We allowed the State of Missouri only a little
while ago $7,000,000 for expenditures during
this war and no interest was allowed her.
That claim was pending three or four years
unpaid. Why not allow Missouri nearly two
million dollars interest on her claim? Ohio
expended millions upon millions and was
finally reimbursed the principal sum, but not
until years after the money was paid out. So
the three per cent, funds of some States ex-
isted for thirty years accumulating in the hands
of the General Government unpaid. This prin-
ciple if carried out would involve payments of
fully $100,000,000 to the States. If you once
apply the rule to interest it oaght to be paid
to the States for all debts, due to them, and
then the proposition to limit the debt of the
Government to its present amount must be at
once abandoned j we must enlarge our arrange-
ments in regard to the public debt.
But let me go further. Although we ought
not to be called on at this late period of the
session to go into a matter of this kind I must
go back somewhat into the history of this claim.
My general recollection of it was only a gen-
eral recollection of the history of the war of
1812. My honorable friend from Maine has
reminded us a little of this matter. I have
before me the message of Mr. Monroe, of Feb-
ruary 1, 1824, communicating the items of
this claim to Congress. He begins his mes-
sage by stating in the first- place -that when
every dollar of this expenditure was made it
was made by the State of Massachusetts for
local defense merely, the State of Massachu-
setts taking the ground that under the Consti-
tution of the United States she had a right to
officer her militia, and that when that militia
was called out it was under the command of
State officers and that the Federal officers could
not take command. I believe that was the claim
then made by the Federalists. That ground
was afterward renounced by Massachusetts,
but when these expenditures were made they
were made upon the claim of the Governor of
Massachusetts that her troops were State troops
to be paid by State authority and not to be
controlled or governed by Federal authority,
and the Governor refused to obey the orders
of President Madison as Commander-in-Chief
of the United States forces. It is true that
Massachusetts subsequently renounced this
ground, as I gather from the message of Mr.
Monroe, but Mr. Monroe communicated the
claim in a message setting out the historical
fact. Mr. Monroe says thatsince Massachusetts
had renounced this heresy, as he then claimed
it to be, although all the South took the same
position afterward, Massachusetts ought to be
placed on the same footing as the other States,
and he recommended to Congress to pass laws
to pay Massachusetts precisely on the princi-
ples applied to the other States. Now, what
is the charcter of the claim ? In the message
he sets out the items giving the particulars,
and here they are in these great folio volumes
of State Papers that are preserved, I suppose,
for future ages.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Let them be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will refer to but p. few
of them. In the month of March, 1814, there
was an alarm at Mount Desert, below Penob-
scot, and a detachment of militia was ordered
down from Ellsworth and vicinity, and the ex-
penses of that expedition is one of the items,
being $511. Then, several cannon and a large
quantity of powder were furnished to the town
of Kennebec in April, 1813, and in May small
arms and cartridges and shot for cannon were
furnished to Portland by request of the select:
men, as several British ships were near that
place, and that expense was included in the
bill of items although there was no actual
attack. In April, 1814, Captain Hull was ap-
prehensive of an attack on the vessels of the
United States at Portsmouth, and he applied
to General Dearborn for protection. , General
Dearborn requested that the militia.of Massa-
chusetts might be ordered oat for the purpose^
