1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
anything else in Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union without any special
order.
Mr. BANKS. I only ask a session for Fri-
day evening for debate on this question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands that it is for debate only on the
subjeet-matter of the resolution, without any
action and without the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I do not object to that.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to know whether
that resolution is considered as being intro-
duced, then?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not so understand it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will an agreement to dis-
cuss it be considered as an introduction of the
resolution?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I reserve the right to
object to the introduction of the resolution at
any time.
Mr. BLAINE. If it is merely referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, of course that puts it beyond the
power of being reached this session.
Mr. BANKS. We do not ask action ; only
a session for debate.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Does this motion
require that the debate shall be exclusively
upon that subject?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair so
understands it.
Mr. BANKS. Several gentlemen want to
speak.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Is it in order to move
an amendment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not
before the House.
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Banks, there were—ayes 65, noes 22.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
leave of absence.
Leaveof absence was granted to Mr. O'Neill
for to-morrow.
And then the motion of Mr. KELSEY was
agreed to ; whereupon (at nine o'clock and
thirty minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AXTELL : The petition of Captain
William A. Parker, United States Navy, to be
restored to the active list of the Navy of the
United States.
By Mr. BEAMAN: A petition of the Ameri-
can Philosophical Society, for an appropriation
of money to provide for observations of the
total eclipse of the sun in August next.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Ellen
Stewart and 49 others, of Mansfield, Ohio,
asking Congress to adopt measures for amend-
ing the Constitution of the United States.
By Mr. BINGHAM: A memorial of 500
citizens of Harrison and Guernsey counties,
Ohio, praying an amendment to the Constitu-
tion so as to acknowledge Almighty God as the
source of all power in civil government, the
Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among nations,
and His revealed will as of supreme authority,
in order to constitute a Christian Government.
By Mr. BOUTWELL: The petition of Han-
nah M. Brown and William E. Bassett, for the
extension of a patent for a grain and hay har-
Byilr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition of
Rev. J. II. Boyd and others, citizens of Clin-
ton county, Ohio, praying an amendment to
the Constitution distinctly recognizing Almighty
God as the source of all civil power of the Gov-
ernment.
By Mr. DELANO : The memorial of Rev.
S. C. Boyd and 006 others, citizens of the thir-
teenth congressional district of Ohio, praying
an amendment of the Constitution so as to
acknowledge Almighty God as the source of
all power in civil government, the Lord Jesus
Christ as the ruler among nations, and His
revealed will as of supreme authority in order
to constitute a Christian Government.
Also, a separate memorial of 100 Christians
of New Concord, Muskingum county, Ohio,
to the same purpose, tenor, and effect.
By Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts : The pe-
tition of Nathaniel H. Whiting and 218 others,
citizens of Plymouth county, Massachusetts,
for a post route from Hanover, by East Pem-
broke, to Marshfield.
By Mr. KELLEY : The petition of William
T. Clark, of Danville, Virginia, for relief from
the political disabilities imposed upon him by
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States and the reconstruction
acts of Congress.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
Two petitions from citizens of Beaver county,
Pennsylvania, asking foramore definite recog-
nition of God in the Constitution of the United
States.
By Mr. MILLER: A memorial of sundry
citizens of the United States, asking an appro-
priation in aid of the National Homestead, at
Gettysburg, for the orphans of soldiers and
sailors of the United States.
By Mr. MOORIIEAD : A memorial signed
by 19G citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying an amendment of the Consti-
tution acknowledging Almighty God as the
source of all authority and power.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Henry
Dumnor, of Alexandria, Virginia, praying the
intervention of Congress to protect all engaged
in the oyster trade from illegal taxes by laws
of Virginia as modified by General S. M. Scho-
field in his General Order No. 64.
Also, the petition of 30 owners and masters
of vessels sailing to and from Providence,
Rhode Island, praying the intervention ot
Congress to protect all engaged in navigation
from illegal exactions by State and municipal !
corporations.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial of citizens
of the United States, numerously signed, ask-
ing that the Constitution may be so amended as
to positively declare in it that Almighty God is
the source of all civil power and that the Lord
Jesus Christ is the supreme ruler among the
nations.
By Mr. PERHAM: The memorial of Sarah
R. Dick, for a pension.
By Mr. PETTIS: A petition of citizens of
Clarion county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
adoption of measures for the amendment of
the Constitution of the United States sothat
it may contain an acknowledgment of Almighty
God as the source of all authority and power
in civil government, and of the Lord Jesus
Christ as the ruler among nations, &c.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, for the same purpose.
Also, apetition of citizens of V enango county,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. SAWYER: The memorial of Eze-
kiel Lindsay, a crippled soldier of the late war,
asking for the remission to him of the internal
revenue tax on his peddler's license.
By Mr. SCHENCK : Amemorialofthe offi-
cers of the Army at Columbia, South Carolina,
praying Congress to grant them an increase
of pay.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Catharine Barny,
for naval invalid pension.
Also, the petition of Adams Jewett and
284 others, citizens of Dayton, Ohio, praying
Congress to repeal the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Adams Jewett and 164
others, citizens of Montgomery county, Ohio,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. STEVENS : The petition of Captain
ij William A. Parker, for restoration to the active
i; list of the United States Navy.
;; By Mr. TWICHELL: Petitions from sundry
|i towns in Massachusetts, in relation to woman
jj suffrage.
!; ' Also, the petition of John and George'W.
i' Prescott, for extension of a patent.
IN SENATE,
Moxday, February 8, 1809.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the- Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
coast survey report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting the annual report of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey for 1868, to which is ap-
pended a note:
The manuscript of this report has been sent to the
House of Representatives. It is now in the hands
of the Congressional Printer.
J. E. HILGARD.
In charge of Coast Survey QMce.
February 8,1869.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following resolution in relation to the report
just laid before the Senate by the Chair ; it is
the usual resolution:
Resolved, That thero be printed of the report of
the Superintendent of the United States Coast Sur-
vey for the year lS6Sone thousand copies extra for
the use of the Senate, and one thousand eopies for
distribution by the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of New
Mexico, praying for the establishment of a mil-
itary post in that Territory for the protection
of the* inhabitants of the counties of Socorro,
Valencia, and Bernallis; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam A. Parker, Captain United States Navy,
praying to be restored to the active list; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
lie also presented the petition of William
Rutherford, of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, praying reimbursement for loss sustained
by fire at Yorktown, Virginia, in 1863, while
endeavoring to save Government stores; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Asa O.
Butman, administrator of James A. Cutting,
deceased, praying for the renewal of letters-
patent of James A. Cutting for an improve-
ment in composition for making photographic
pictures; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of W.
H. Bartholomew, in behalf of the inventors
and patentees of the United States, praying an
amendment to the patent laws so as to remove
obstructions and encourage inventors to dis-
cover and bring into public use such improve-
ments as will benefit our country; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the petition of Horace L.
Emery, of Albany, New York, praying that the
Commissioner of Patents be authorized to hear
and determine upon his application for an ex-
tension of his patent for an improvement in
the endless chain horse-power; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. DRAKE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Missouri, in favor of aid by the
General Government in the construction of
railroads to the Pacific ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, pre-
sented the petition of ^ illiainA. Parker,captain
United States Navy on the retired list, praying
to be restored to the active list; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
also present a petition from many of the lead-
ing business men of Washington, praying for
the repeal of the old law of Maryland relating
to usury in the District of Columbia, or that
Congress will provide such a modification of
that "ancient law as will permit supply and de-
mand to regulate the rates of interest in this
District; and suggesting that the rate fee spe-
cifically stated in each ease by a written agree-
