1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
triple-headed monster managing Indian affairs,
neither one knowing how much he has to do,
each one throwing the biame of every failure
on the other; with the events of the past sea-
son and the war we are now suffering, and with
the recommendation of all those mostintimately
acquainted with the subject; with all these facts
before us, I hardly think the case needs fur-
ther argument.
I desire, however, to say a word in reply to
my friend from California, [Mr. Hicby.J He
says we should have an Indian policy first and
make the transfer afterwards. I think-not, Mr.
Speaker. Let us meet the present necessities
of the case by making one department of the
Government wholly responsible, and call to
the work officers who are amenable to military
laws, and we shall have taken a great step
toward reforming abases. After that we can
go forward and determine what shall be done
with the Indians ; whether they shall be con-
fined to reservations and not have any rights
which white men are bound to respect when
they leave their reservations, or whether we
shall make a rule that no white man who enters
an Indian reservation without authority shall
have any rights which an Indian, is bound to
respect. Whatever we do ought to be the
result of deliberation and examination.
I will now yield to the gentleman from Min-
nesota for a question.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to make a single
remark. I wish to say that I have never seen
the report of General Sherman which the gen-
tleman has read. I did not know there was
any such thing in existence. But, sir, I do
not feel any sort of interest in this matter. I
never had a friend of any kind in the Indian
Bureau. And I will ask the gentleman from
Ohio a question. What was the motive of re-
lieving these Indian officers from bonds? Why
discriminate in their favor in that respect?
Mr. GARFIELD. I am glad that my friend
has called my attention to that point, and I
will take up the minute and a half left to me in
replying to it. It is a mistake to suppose that
the bill makes any discrimination between mili-
tary officers employed in the Indian service
and those on otlier duty. There is a class of
officers of the Army charged with the disburse-
ment of public money or the safe-keeping of
public property who are required to give bonds
for the faithful performance of their duties. If
they do any duty under the provisions of this
bill, they will be under bonds, as now provided
by law. But if an unbonded officer be sent to
the Indian country in command of troops or
on other duty, I do not think he ought to be
required to give bonds, unless the same duty
performed elsewhere required bonds also. The
rule for army officers should be uniform.
Mr. WINDOM. Does not the agent pay
out money, and yet he is not required to be a
bonded officer?
Mr. GARFIELD. The bill does not require
any addition to the bonds the officer gives as
an officer of the Army. He will give the same
bond wherever be may serve.
Mr. WINDOM. You expressly provide that
this officer shall give bonds for other duties,
but when he comes to do this duty he shall not
give bonds.
Mr. GARFIELD. Not at all : but that he
shall not be compelled to give additional bonds
because he goes into the Indian country. It
seems to me that we should find great diffi-
culty in carrying out the bonded system now
in use in the Indian department after the
transfer. * Officers of the Army are bonded
under very different regulations. Moreover, I
have more faith in courts-martial than bonds
to secure faithful conduct. I riow demand the
previous question.
Mr. WINDOM. Is it in order to move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs?
The SPEAKER. _ It is not, pending the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WINDOM demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 33, not vot-
ing 72; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Archer
Arnell, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks, Bearnan, Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boydon, Boyer,
Broomall, Buekland, Roderick R. Butler, Callis,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Corlcy, Covode, Callom, Dawes,
Dickey, Dixon. Donnelly, Driggs, Eckloy, Edwards,
Eggleston,Ela,Eliot,Farnsworth,Fcrriss,l?ields,Gar-
field. Gravely, Haughey, Heaton, Hill, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hun-
ter, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsev, Ivetcham, Koontz, Lash, George V.
Lawrcnee, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McKeo, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill. Ortli,
Paiue,Perhaui, Peters, Pettis, Pholps, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Robertson, Schenck. Scofield, Sit-
§ reaves. Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens,
tewart, Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Thomas, Tift, John
Trimble, Upson, Van Aernatn, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyek, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wkittemorc, William Williams, James I1'.
Wilson, Wood, and Young—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Barnes, Brooks, Burr, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Deweese, Eld-
ridge, Ferry, Fox, French, Glosabrenner, Iligby, In-
gersoll, Jenekes, Thomas L. Jones. Kerr, Marshall,
McUormick, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Norris,
Ross, Taber.Taffe, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump. Windom, and Woodward—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Barnum, Beok, Benjamin,
Blackburn, Boles. Boutwcll, Barren, Bromwcll, Buck-
ley, Clift, Cornell, Delano, Dockery, Dodge, Gatz,
Golladay, Goss, Gove, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Hal-
sey, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins, Holrnan, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, John-
son, Kitchen, Knott, Laflin, Logan, Mallory, May-
■nard, McCullough, Mercur. Morrissey.Mullins, New-
comb, Newsham, Nunn, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Price,
Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robinson, Roots,
Sawyer, Selye, Shanks, Shcllabarger, Stone, Taylor,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal,
Ward,Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson,Stephen F.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—72.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had expired.
Mr. ROBINSON took the floor, and yielded
to
Mr. SCHENCK, who said: Mr. Speaker, I
wish to state to gentlemen of the House who
have business upon the Speaker's table that I
propose on Thursday morning, after the morn-
ing hour, to move to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table, so as to dispose of
the bills which have accumulated there.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
get to the Speaker's table at once, so as to take
up and pass a Senate joint resolution canceling
a contract with Messrs. Dempsey & O'Toole,
which is a fraud upon the Government.
amendment of the constitution.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 371) pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
swamp lands.
Mr. ORT1I, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, (H- R. No. 1483) in reference to
swamp lands; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
DEMPSISY AND o'lOOLE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ If it is in
order I now move to go to the business upon
the. Speaker's table, so that we may take.ijp
and act upon the joint resolution to which I
have referred.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that will be done.
The SPEAKER. Thef gentleman from New
York [Mr. Eobihson] is upon the floor; but
the Digest says that any member can be taken
from the floor at the expiration of the' morning
hour by the motion to go to the business upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move,
then, that we go to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Robinson,]
but he does not know for what purpose he rose.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise for the purpose of
offering a resolution concerning citizens im-
prisoned in Great Britain. The Committee on.
Foreign Affairs, whom I intend "to walk into
gently," pledged us ten months ago to report
on the subject, and they have not done so. I
wish to show such a state of facts as will
demand the attention of this House and the
country.
The SPEAKER. That is not now in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will rise every five min-
utes between this and the next 4th of March
to get the floor on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The State of New York
was called for resolutions yesterday.
Mr. ROBINSON. I wished to be heard on
it, and therefore I withdrew the resolution at
that time, as debate was not then allowable.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois moves that the House proceed to business
upon the Speaker's table, which is first in j
order.  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to take up that joint
resolution to which I have referred, and pass
it now.
Mr. ROBINSON. My friend will excuse
me, but I rise to a parliamentary question. Can
I move that the gentleman from Illinois be
censured as one of the Representatives of the
people who are putting oft' the question I have
referred to and thereby bringing disgrace upon
this country?
The SPEAKER. The remarks about mem-
bers " bringing disgrace" is not parliamentary.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not mean it with
regard to any individual member. I say that
if we delay longer to do justice to our impris-
oned citizens, to protect them when they need
protection, we will be disgraced.
The SPEAKER. The rule is as follows:
" It is an invariable practice to permit a member,
upon the expnation of the morning hour, to tako
the floor even though another may be occupying it,
to mako the motion to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table."
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to be allowed to take the floor.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his motion. 1 ask
it as a favor to American citizens who are
suffering abroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How long
does the gentleman desire ?
Mr. ROBINSON'. I will lake any time
from ten minutes up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How much
time do you want?
Mr. ROBINSON. Perhaps thirty or forty
minutes. I will take any time that you may
allow to those who are suffering abroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman object, or does any gentleman
object, to taking up the joint resolution to
which I have referred ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I have never objected
to anything. If the gentleman had asked me
to yield to him the lloor to take up a resolu-
tion I would have done so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table Senate joint resolution No. 175, relative
to the recent contract for stationery for the
Department of the Interior.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
