22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
J
Mr. WASHBUliNE, of Illinois. I move to
go to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood the gentle-
man from New York had the floor and was
about to proceed with Ris remarks when I made
the announcement I did. I was aware it was
proper we should before long clear the Speaker's
table, and not wishing to disturb the gentleman
from New York in making his remarks at a
time when business was not pressing, I thought
it due to the House and to the members inter-
ested iu hills upon the Speaker's table to give
notice of the time when the motion would be
made to proceed to business upon theSpeaker's
table. It was a mere matter of courtesy to
gentlemen all round the House, so that they
should hare notice of this motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois insist on his motion ?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I do. I
wish to get at tin's joint resolution and to pass it.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. What is the relative
position of that joint resolution; how many
are there before it?
The SPEAKER. There are twelve in ad-
vance of it.
The House divided; and there were'
50, noes GO.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to proceed to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask leave to submit
my remarks now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflliinois. How long?
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 do not think I ought
to he restricted.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice after the gentleman from New York
concludes I will renew my motion.
Mr. EARNS WORTH, 1 hope it will be the
understanding that no further business is to be
done this evening.
'lliere was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON'. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to renew the following resolution which I sub-
mitted yesterday:
Tie it rcnolvnl by this House, That tho I'resident of
the United (states bo requested to inform this House
what cinrosiumdonco, it imy, in addition to tho dis-
patch of the K<>cr tnry ot tilato to Mr. Moran, our
-ayes
■ • ..J   •> i'kivv, i*ii v* t \r 1 1.1 i it loll
to tins UouMi copies of any such correspondence for
tho immediate action of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, on the l.">ili of June, 1808, I
had the honor of offering a resolution, which
was adopted by this House, "requesting the
I residentto take such measures as shall appear
proper to secure the release from imprisonment
of Messrs. Warren and Cost.eilo. convicted and
sentenced in Great Britain for words and acts
spoken and dene in this country, by ignoring
our naturalization laws, and to take such other
measures as will secure their return to our flag
with such ceremonies as are appropriate to the
occasion." The President referred the resolu-
tion to the Secretary of Slate, and Mr. Seward
wroteadispatehto Mr. Moran, our acting charg6
d affaires at the English Court, which was on
I lie 22d ot June, 1868, transmitted by the Pres-
ident to this House, and which was communi-
cated to Lord Stanley by Mr. Moran on the 9th
ot July,*1808. This dispatch states that the '
correspondence of the legation of the United I
States at London is full of remonstrances and >
expostulations, which by tho President's direc- I
tion he bad addressed to her majesty's Gov- '
eminent, against the imprisonment of Messrs j
. Warren and Costello. Mark you, Mr. Speaker,
our legation at London was full of correspond- j
ence ten months ago on this subject, and Eng- >
land was as undisturbed over them as a summer
morning, and we seemed then, and seem now,
perfectly contented with the situation, though
a wliol i legation full of correspondence lay
unnoticed and despised in the waste baskets of
British diplomacy.
Mr. Seward, in this dispatch, also calls atten-
tion to the resolution of this House of the 15th
of June, and also to the passage through this
House of the bill for the protection of Ameri-
can citizens, including the wholesome reprisal
clause so unfortunately struck out by the Sen-
ate. To this dispatch Lord Stanley, on the
28th of J uly, 1868, writes an answer, which the
Daily Chronicle of this city, of the date of Sep-
tember 4,1808, copies from the English papers,
addressed to- Mr. Thornton, the English minis-
ter here, to be read to Mr. Seward, with whom
a copy is ordered to be left, in which answer
Lord Stanley takes exception to the allegations
in our resolution, and denies that Messrs. War-
ren and Costello were sentenced for words
spoken and acts committed in the United
States.
Now, then, either this House, misled by me
in the wording of the resolution which 1 offered,
and which this House unanimously adopted, or
my Lord Stanley is—to use the mildest phrase
—in error. We assert, and he denies that these
two men were convicted and are now suffering
imprisonment for words and acts uttered and
done in the United States ; and I contend here
that every day that outrage continues to be
perpetrated on two of our most worthy citizens,
whose blood is on our battle fields, without
demand for their liberation, we suffer ineffable
disgrace in the eyes of mankind.
it so happens that we have the official report
of the trial ot Warren, obtained from the Brit-
ish authorities in Ireland, and forwarded to our
State Department by our minister, Mr. Adams,
and published in the voluminous correspond-
ence sent to this House by the President Feb-
ruary 10, 1808, in answer to another resolution
winch 1 had previously offered, and which was
adopted November 2o, 1807. It will be found
in part one of that correspondence, commenc-
ing at page 217, and is entitled "lleportof
the trial of John Warren for treason felony,
at the county Dublin commission held at the
court-house, Green street, Dublin, commenc-
ing the 30th October, 1867, reported for the
Crown by William G. Chamney, esq., barrister
at law.''
I shall quote from this official copy facts
which will settle the question of veracity be-
tween this House and Lord Stanley, and will
give the original official pages of the British
report, preserved in the correspondence pub-
lished by this House.
On arraigning the prisoner tho clerk of the
Crown said:
"You, stand indicted that you on tho 1st day of
' "s r " feloniously and wick-
edly did compass and intend to deprive and depose
our lady the queen," &a,—J'age 0.
Now, (he entire evidence given in this offi-
cial report of the trial shows that at that date,
an J until April 12, 1807, John Warren was in
the United States.
From page (i to page 19, both inclusive, the
report is taken up with a lengthened argument
between the court and the lawyers on both
sides, whether Warren, being a naturalized
citizen ol the United States, was au alien in
Great Biitain, and therefore entitled to a jury
de mediatate Unguis, or whether he still owed
allegiance to the queen (wherever he might
be) m defiance of our naturalization laws de-
claring otherwise, and therefore liable to be
tried for his acts and words done or said abroad
when he returned to the jurisdiction of his
original ruler or sovereign. After numerous
technical^ objections the able counsel of Mr.
Warren finally put in the following plea :
And thereupon tho said John Warren savs that
he W!L3 born in Cork, in Ireland, of Irish parents, and
under the allegiance of his late majesty King Wil-
Iham IV. andthatheisaciti2cn of the United States
oi America and has been such citizen of the United
states of America from the 1st day of October, in
tho year of our Lord 1866, and stilt is a citizen of the
said United States of America. And he says by rea-
son ot the premises, and not otherwise, that he is an
alien, and ho prays the writ of our said lady, the
queen, to cause to come here twelve good and lawful
men of said country by whom tho truth of the mat-
ter may be better known, and who are of no affinity to
the said John Warren, to recognize upon their oaths
I and inquire whether the said John Warren be guilty
of the felonies in the said indictment above specified
or either or any of them, or not guilty, and so forth,
whereof one half to be of natives and the other half
to be ofaiieus, to wit, born in the said United States
of America, uuder the allegiance of the said United
States ^of America, to try the issue of said plea."—
Page 15.
This plea, that he had thrown off his alle-
giance to Great Britain by being naturalized
here, was instantly and almost insolently de-
nied by Chief Baron Pigot, Justice Keogh
concurring, quoting Blackstone where that
writer says that a British subject removing to
foreign countries—
"Owes the samo allegianco to tho king of Eng-
land there as at home, and twenty years hence as well
as now; for it is aprinciple of universal law that the
natural born subject of one prince cannot by any
act of his own, no, not by swearing allegiance to
another, put off or discharge his natural allegiance
to the former."—Ptxgc 17.
And the chief baron, after further quoting
from Story and Kent to sustain this doctrine
.as laid down by Blackstone, concludes in these
words:
" I think it is desirable that they who in America
formed views—I will say no more now than that—
with respect to what is passing or what is expoeted
to pass within the dominions of the Crown of Eng-
land should be awareof the obligations imposed on
them if they have ever been under the allegiance of
the Crown of England ; and how, according to the
laws of England, they may be dealtwithwhen they are
found here."—Page 10.
Italicising cannot sufficiently emphasize the
declaration. Had Lord Stanley read the de-
cision of his own chief baron, who presided
at Warren's trial, when he dared to question
the veracity of this House in declaring in its
resolution that Warren was tried for his acts
done here? I might add here, further, that War-
ren and Nagle were prisoners together, "both
in every respect alike guilty or otherwise, both
being off the bay of Sligo and both landing in
the county of Waterford, and only that Colonel
Warren's American citizenship, proved by his
naturalization papers, produced in court under
the seal of a court of Massachusetts, was held
of no avail, and that he was liable as a British
subject for acts done by others in Ireland,
which, by words spoken here, he had seemed
to approve, and thereby became liable imme-
diately on his return, he could not have been
tried in Dublin, but must have been sent to
Sligo for trial, as Colonel Nagle was, or to
Waterford, the only spot they touched, and
where alone the venue lay. If my Lord Stan-
ley had thought it worth his while to look into
the trial, as officially reported for her Majesty,
before questioning the veracity of this House,
he would have seen that no crime was com-
mitted by Warren or any one else in the county
of Dublin after his arrival there ; that he had
not been in the county of Dublin at all for years
before his trial, except as a prisoner, and that
it was only by ignoring and trampling upon
our laws conferring citizenship, and holding
him as still a British subject, liable at all
times and in all places for his words and acts ;
that he was tried and convicted in Dublin for
participating in an emeutt lu that county which
occurred while he was in tho United States,
because, in Boston, he had expressed senti-
ments consonant with those uttered by parties
supposed to be guilty of creating the disturb-
ance in Dublin.
The right to a jury, in part foreigners, being
denied him on the ground that he could not
divest himself of allegiance to the queen, the
prisoner protested as a citizen of the United
States against being "tried as a British subject,
and added:
I instructcounsel to withdraw from' tho case,
and I place it in the hands of the United States
Government, which Government has now become tho
principal."
Noble sentiment! but misplaced confidence,
ihat sentiment was uttered by a gallant sol-
dier of this Republic who had a right to expect
that the flag for which in so many battles he
had fought and received honorable wounds
would protect him from foreign trespass upon
its jurisdiction. It was uttered over the tram-
pled seal of American nationality on the 30th
of October, 1867. Day by day through those
iour hundred days and upwards since then,
