974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
merit, and when no such agreement exists that
the rate of lawful interest be six per cent,
per annum, I move the reference of this peti-
tion to the Committee on the District of Col-
umbra.
The motion -was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, also
presented a petition of officers of the Ameri-
can Philosophical Society, praying an appro-
priation of money to providefor observations
of the total eclipse of the sun in August next,
to be expended under the direction of the chief
of'the Bureau of Navigation or of the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of
citizens of Vermont, praying such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United Stales
as will fully acknowledge the obligations of
the Christian religion ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MCE presented the petition of Charles
P. Redmond, praying that the Secretary of the
Treasury he authorized to refund to him cer-
tain moneys paid by him to the United States
direct tax commissioner for Arkansas for the
purchase of a lot in Little Rock, Arkansas, he
having failed to get possession of the same ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
over eleven hundred citizens of the State of
Ohio, residing at Utica and Oxford, of a char-
acter similar to that presented a moment ago
by the Senator from Vermont, praying for an
amendmentof the Constitution acknowledging
Almighty God as the source of all power and
authority in civil government. These are only
a portion of a great many similar petitions that
I have presented from my constituents. It is
evident from these petitions that they come
from a common movement of the religious
people of this country, looking to some recog-
nition in the Constitution ofa Supreme Being.
It has always seemed to me, in viewing the
recent events, and the wonderful providences,
I may say, that have transpired in the history
of our country in the last few years, that it
would bo well, now that we are amending the
Constitution and recognizing the logical con-
sequences of those events, i'or us to place in
that instrument some recognition of the Provi-
dence of Almighty God, and a recognition of
the further fact that this nation and its institu-
tions have beon built upon Christian civiliza-
tion. Jt seems to me, therefore, the move-
ment of those religious people might now well
be considered by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. It is rather remarkable that the Con-
stitution of the United States contains 110 such
reference, when all the documents framed by
the men who formed the Constitution, includ-
ing the Declaration of Independence and all
the documents of that period, had such recog-
nition in various forms. I can see, myself, no
reason why the proposed amendment should
not be placed in our fundamental law. I move
the reference of this petition to the Committee
on the J ndiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of William
A, Parker, captain United States Navy, on the
retired list, praying that he be restored to the
active list; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. POOL presented a petition of Eliza
Shelton and others, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate at this time, although I
know it is a little in advance, to take up the
resolution I had the honor to introduce on Sat-
urday, respecting the form to be pursued in
counting the electoral vote of Georgia on the
day alter to-tnorrow. I make that request at
this time because all gentlemen will see the
importance of settling, if we can, the thing in
such a way as to avoid being obliged to decide
without debate and instantly, as we should on
that day otherwise, whether under the circum-
stances Georgia has been completely restored
to the Union or not. It is known there is
a difference of opinion in this body, and
undoubtedly in the otrher, upon that point. I
hope, therefore, Senators will consent to take
up that resolution and consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up and consider the res-
olution mentioned by him. Does any Senator
object?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear what
it is first.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to present some
petitions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of D.
J. S. Meng, praying compensation for services
rendered in taking care of the destitute sick at
Vidalia, Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented nine petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
recognizing the obligations of the Christian
religion ; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania praying an appropriation to the
funds of the National Homestead at Gettys-
burg for the Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors of
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Education.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
William A. Parker, captain United States
Navy, on the retired list, praying that he be
restored to the active list; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNKR. I also present the petition
of John Cram, a citizen of the United States
and a resident of Boston, who represents that
lie has received a patent for an improvement
in the towel stand and clothes-horse, such being
an invention of much value and importance—■
so the petitioner says; that he has asked for
an extension of this patent at the Patent Office,
where he thinks he has received injustice; and
he now appeals to Congress for an extension
of his patent for the further term of seven
years, and accompanies his petition with papers
on the subject. I move the reference of the
petition and accompanying papers to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of William Looney, of Alabama, submitted a
report thereon, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
900) granting a pension to William B. Looney,
of Alabama. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Otis Hemenway,
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 901) granting a pension to Otis
Hemenway. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. R. Callahan, of
Chariton, Iowa, submitted a report thereon,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 902) granting a
pension to J. R. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Horace Peck, of
Charlton, Massachusetts, submitted a report
thereon, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 903)
granting a pension to Horace Peck, of Charl-
ton, Massachusetts. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Benjamin T. Raines,
of Indiana, submitted a report thereon, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 904) granting a pen-
sion to Benjamin T. Raines, of Indiana. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Clark Hall, sub-
mitted a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 905) granting a pension to Clark Hall.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth Clarke,
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 900) granting a pension to Eliza-
beth Clarke. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth Whiting,
submitted a report thereon,.accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 907) granting a pension to Eliza-
beth Whiting. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. B. W. Haynes,
of Union county, Ohio, submitted a report
thereon, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 908)
granting a pension to J. B. W. Haynes, of
Union county, Ohio. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Anne R. Voorhees,
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 909) granting a pension to Anne
R. Voorhees. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 815) granting a
pension to Julia Whistler, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a written report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 846) granting y,
pension to Charlotte Crane, reported it with
amendments, and submitted a written report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 655) granting a
pension to Paulina Jones, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a written report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1745) for the
relief of the estate of Isaac Philips, deceased,
wifo was a private in the revolutionary war,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. G71) to authorize
the payment of arrears of pension to Charles L.
Willey, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, asked to
be discharged from theirfurtherconsideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs ; which was agreed to :
The petition of Mrs. Ellen Callanan, praying
to be allowed a pension ;
The petition of Patrick Moore, praying to be
allowed a bounty of $100, which he alleges to
be due his son, Thomas Moore, late a private
of company H, one hundred and fifty-first regi-
ment New York volunteers ;
The petition of Anson Morse, private com-
pany K, twenty-second regiment Massachu-
setts volunteers, praying to be allowed a bounty
of $200; and
The petition of Miles Carlisle, private com-
panyD, third regiment Maine volunteers, pray-
ing to be allowed a bounty of $200.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, reported
adversely thereon :
The^ petition of William Wood, of Macon,
Georgia, praying to be allowed a pension as
heir and assignee of his mother-in-law ;
The petition of John Russell, a soldier of
the war of 1812, prayingfor arrears of pension ;
and
The petition of Robert D. Brown, praying
an increase of pension.
