1869.
the congressional globe.
975
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am also directed
by the same committee to report adversely on
the petition of Mrs. Mary Lincoln, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which I ask may be
printed and lie on the table. A bill has been
reported from the committee in reference to
that matter.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Sir. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Ellen J. Brosman, praying compensation for
property taken and converted to Government
use, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, to whom was referred the petition of
Dr. J. G. Cooper, of San Francisco, California,
praying compensation for services as naturalist
of the Northern Pacific railroad expedition
and survey in the years 1855-56, asked to
be discharge^ from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, petitions, me-
morials, resolutions, and message, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 176) in aid of the Union
Pacific Railway Company, eastern division,
supplemental to an act entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved July 1, 18G2, and the acts
amendatory thereof;
A bill (S. No. 885) to aid in the construction
of the Pacific Central Transit railway and tel-
egraph from the city of New Orleans, Louis-
iana, to some point on the Rio Grande river,
Texas, in the direction of San Bias, on the
Pacific coast;
A bill (S. No. 820) additional to an act grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from Lake Superior
to Puget sound, on the Pacific coast, by the
northern route;
A bill (S. No. 801) to amend an aet entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
States of Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific
ocean," approved July 27, 1866, and to facili-
tate the early construction of the Atlantic and
Pacific railroad, the Texas Pacific railroad,
the Union Pacific railway, eastern division, t'he
Southern Continental railroad, and the South-
ern Pacific railroad, of California ;
A bill (S. No. 515) in relation to the Union
Pacific railway, eastern division ;
A bill (S. No. 778) to aid in the construction
of a southwestern railroad and telegraph line
to the Pacific ocean, with branches and con-
nections ;
A bill (S. No. 769) to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Rio
Grande to the Pacific ocean ;
A bill (S. No. 764) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Arkansas and Pacific railroad;
A bill (S. No. 660) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Oregon Branch Pacific railroad ;
A memorial of the Legislature of Minne-
sota, in favor of granting aid in the construc-
tion of the Northern Pacific railroad;
A memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Dakota, praying for the ex-
tension of the Sioux City and Pacific railroad
to Yancton, Dakota Territory ;
A memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
the' State of Oregon, praying that an equal
amount of lands and money be granted to aid
in the construction of the Salt Lake and Co-
lumbia River railroad as guarantied to the
Union Pacific road ; ^
A memorial of William Cornell Jewett, that
all subsidy in United States bonds, money, or
lands be withheld from the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company until the present road is made
complete and safe;
A memorial of the Philadelphia Board of
Trade, praying the passage of a lawgiving aid
to the Kansas Pacific railway;
A memorial of the Legislature of Minne-
sota, in favor of an appropriation to aid in the
construction of the Northern Pacific railroad;
A memorial of the Legislature of Oregon,
in favor of aid for the construction of a rail-
road from Salt Lake City to the Columbia river,
Portland, and Puget sound, and for a railroad
from the Big Bend of the Humboldt river, in
the State of Nevada, to the Klamath lake;
A petition of citizens of Wisconsin, praying
that aid be granted for the speedy construction
of the Northern Pacific raiiroad;
The petition of Franklin Haven and others,
representing that they will undertake the con-
struction of the Northern Pacific railroad, and
of the eastern division of the Union Pacific
railroad, upon receiving the same land grants
now given to these companies with a Govern-
ment subsidy of $15,000 per mile with the
right of mortgage to the same amount;
^ An indorsement of the Union Merchants'
Exchange of St. Louis of the memorial of the
stockholders, &c., of the central branch of the
Union Pacific railroad of that State, asking to
be recognized as a national road;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Wisconsin,
in favor of an appropriation to aid in the con-
struction of the Northern Pacific railway;
A resolution by Mr. Kellogg, calling for an
abstract of all the surveys for a railroad to the
Pacific;
A report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of December 21, 1868,
information in relation to the reports of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company and its
branches; and
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the 16th of December, 1867, relative
to the amount of the United States bonds
issued to the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and branches.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 181) in relation to the
grades of General and Lieutenant General in
the Army and Vice Admiral in the Navy, re-
ported adversely theron.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 766) to grant a
portion of the military reservation at Fort
Leavenworth to aid in the construction of a
railroad and wagon bridge across the Missouri
river, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1323) for the
relief of Walter D. Plowden, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 278) to amend
the act of April 10, 1806, for establishing rules
and articles for the government of the armies
of the Uuited States, reported it without amend-
men t.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I again ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up the
matter to which I have called its attention.
If it be taken up I shall not object to gentle-
men introducing bills and presenting petitions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up for consideration
the resolution mentioned by him. Does any
Senator object?
Mr. DAVIS. What is it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The con-
current resolution in regard to the electoral
vote of Georgia. It will be read.
'Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I hope that
resolution will not be considered this morning,
or ever.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to its consideration?
Mr. DAVIS. I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to ask the Sen-
ate to take up House bill No. 788, to regulate
the appraisement and inspection of imports in
certain cases, and for other purposes. I think
it can be passed in a short time in the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. GRIMES. I object. I want to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of the morning hour of Saturday last.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made the bill cannot be considered now.
Reports of committees are in order,
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the.bill (S.
No. 780) for the relief of William Pitt Putnatifi
and David Putnam, of Ohio, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. The same committee, hav-
ing had under consideration a bill (S. No. 877)
to remove the charge of desertion from certain
soldiers of the second North Carolina mounted
infantry, instruct me to report it back with-
out amendment. I ask that the bill be con-
sidered at the present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I .feel obliged to object
on account of the pressing matter that I wish
to get up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made it cannot be considered now.
Mr. W1LLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
8C0) for the relief of Wright Duryea, reported
it with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up a bill that was
considered the other day partially—Senate bill
No. 626.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be
read by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that it is
necessary for the Clerk to hunt up that bill,
because I shall be compelled to object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to take
it up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order until
we have gone through with bills and resolu-
tions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in order until the morning business is disposed
of. It can only be done by unanimous consent,
it being against the rule.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator will not.
object to this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel obliged to object,
I will tell my friend, for the reason thatl think
it of great importance that the Senate should
act on the resolution to which I have referred,
and as soon as we go through the morning busi-
ness I shall ask the Senate, if I can get the
floor, to then take up that resolution and con-
sider it in preference to anything else.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is possible that I may
get the floor to move to take up the other bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say "if I cau get the
floor."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The intro-
duction of bills is in order.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, nnd by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
910) granting pensions to the minor children
of Martin N. Slocum, deceased; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 911)
to amend an act making a grant of lands to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the construction
of a railroad from St. Paul to Lake Superior,
and the several acts amendatory thereof; which,
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 912) to refund to the States the interest
and discount on money borrowed to equip,
pay, supply, and transport troops for the ser-
vice of the United States in the recent war %
which was read twice by its title, referred to
