976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
913) authorizing the National Bank of Com-
merce of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
to change its location ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered'to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and bv unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 914) to Secure the copywright of paintings,
drawings, statuary, and models ; whicih was
read twice by its title, referred to tbe Commit-
ted on the Library, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No_. 915) to incor-
porate the Irving Library Association of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
916) to establish lines of American steamships
between tbe United States of America and
Europe I which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
; On motion by Mr. PATTERSON, of Ten-
nessee, the bill (H. R. No. 1872) providing
for the payment of Captain Goldman Bryson's
pjounted infantry was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
ELUOTOBAI- VOTE OF GEORGIA.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there are no further
bills or resolutions, I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lution named by me.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Edmunds on Saturday last:
"Whereas tho question whcthertho Stato of Georgia
lias becomo and is entitled to representation in the
two IIousos of Congress is now pending and unde-
termined; and whereas, by the joint resolution of
Congress, pulsed .J uly 20, 1868, entitled "A resolution
oxoluding from tho lilectoral College votes of States
latoly in rebellion which shall not have been reor-
ganized," it was provided thatno electoral votes from
any of tho States lately in rebellion should bo re-
ceived or counted for President or Vice President of
tho United States until, anions other things, such
State should hftvo beoomo entitled to representation
in Congress pursuant to acts of Congress in that bo
half: i'lierotoro,
Resolved by tho Senate, (tho House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That on the assembling of the two
Houses on tbe second \Vednesday of February, 1869,
for the counting of tho doctoral votes for President
and Vice President, a1* provided by law and the joint
rules, if the counting or omitting to oount the eieot-
oral votes, if any. which may bo presented as of the
State of Georgia shall not essentially change the re-
sult, in that enso they shall bo reported by tho Pres-
ident of the Sonato in the following manner: wero
the votes presented ns of tho .State of Gcoigiu to bo
counted, tno result would bo, for for President
of the United States, votes; if not counted, for
  ~ for President of tho United Slates, votes;
but in either ease is elected Pi osident ol the
United States; and in tho same manner for Vice
President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise merely to say a
few words on the subject, not to occupy tho
time of the Senate, because I hope the resolu-
tion will meet with unanimous approval. By
the rules as they now stand, having been so cre-
ated after the difficulty of 1857 about count-
ing the vote of Wisconsin, if the vote of Geor-
gia should he objected to in the joint conven-
tion—if I may so style it—next Wednesday, it
will be necessary for the Senate to retire im-
mediately and to consider without debate llie
question whether Georgia had complied with
the reconstruction acts of Congress and the
resolution of the 20th July excluding her vote
frortl being counted until she should have
become entitled to representation. That, of
course, involves the whole question as to the
condition of Georgia, whether she has become
entitled to admission into this Chamber and
into Congress, and has complied with the con-
ditions of the laws on that subject. Of course
that is a question of the gravest import. It is
a question about which there isd difference of
opinion, as is seen in the two reports from the
Judiciary Committee upon that subject. It
appeared to me, inasmuch as we know morally
that the question whether Georgia be counted
or not will make no difference with the result,
that we ought not to decide so important a
question instantly and without debate-, but that
we ought to leave the question where it stands
now, for fair discussion and deliberate action.
This resolution, therefore, provides that if the
vote of Georgia shall make no difference in the
result, the Presiding Officer shall announce it
bypothetically, which obviates all difficulty;
and I may say it is precisely the course that
the two Houses took in 1821, under a similar
resolution, in thecaseof Missouri. That State
claimed to have complied with the act admit-
ting her into the Union, and voted for President
in the fall of 1820, and her votes were forwarded
here. It was claimed by one party in Con-
gress that she had not complied with the act,
and that her votes ought not to be counted ;
by another, that she had complied, and that
her votes ought to be counted. It turned out
that it would make no difference in the result
of the election how that question was decided,
although it came within three or four votes of
making a difference, and the two Houses, to
obviate the difficulty, agreed upon a resolution,
which is almost literally the one I have pre-
sented. I hope, therefore, that this resolution
will meet with general approval.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
know that I shall seriously object to the passage
of this resolution in the state of existing facts ;
but it really seems to me that, prima facie, at
least, these votes should be counted; and I sub-
mit to the Senator from Vermont, who intro-
duces this resolution and bases it upon tbe
assumption that it is immaterial whether the
vote of Georgia is counted or not, and states
that we all know that it will make no difference
in the result, if that be so, why should not the
vote be counted as prima facie valid until Con-
gress acts? It would seem to be very clear that
Georgia was entitled to vote for President. The
resolution that was passed at the last session of
Congress provided—
"That none of the States whoso inhabitants wero
lately in rebellion shall bo entitled to representation
in tho Electoral College for the choice of President
or Vico President of the United States, nor shall any
electoral votes be received or counted from any of
such States, unless at the time prescribed by law for
tho ohoies of electors the peoplo of such States, pur-
suant to tho acts of Congress in that behalf, shall have,
since the 4th day of March. 1867, adopted a constitu-
tion of State government under which a Stato gov-
ornmont shall havo been organized ani shall be in
oporation, nor unless such election of electors sha.ll
havo been hold under tho authority of such constitu-
tion and government, andsuch State shall havealso
become entitled to representation in Congress pur-
suant to tho acts of Congress in that bohalf."
Now, sir, we all know that since the 4th of
March, 1867, the State ofGeorgiahas "adopted
a constitution ofState government under which
a State government has been organized and is
in operation." So much of this resolution is
complied with. " Nor unless such election of
electors shall be held under the authority of
such constitution and government." It is
riot denied that the election in Georgia was
under the constitution and government organ-
ized since March, 1807, "and such State shall
have also become entitled to representation in
Congress.'' Not that it shall be represented
in Congress, but that it shall have become
"entitled to representation in Congress pur-
suant to the acts of Congress in that behalf."
Now, by turning to another act of Congress,
passed on the 25th of June, 1808, we find that
Georgia is declared to be entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress. That act is in these
words:
"That each of the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, tieorgia, Alabama, and Florida
shall be entitJed and admitted to representation in
Congress as a State of the Union when the Legisla-
ture of such State shall have duly ratified tho amend-
ment to tho Constitution of the United States,"
known as article fourteen, and also in tho case
of Georgia having stricken out a provision of
her relief clauses, so called. We have the evi-
dence before us, in pursuance of this act, that
Georgia has du'ly ratified the constitutional
amendment, the Same as the other States of
South Carolina, North Carolina, Alabama, and
Louisiana. The Presidenthasissuedhisprocla-
mation in pursuance-of this act of Congress,
declaring the ratification of the - fourteenth
amendment by the Legislature of Georgia in
the game manner that it has been ratified by
the-other States. We have also the evidence
that Georgia complied with the other condition
required of her by striking out a certain pro-
vision in her constitution known as the relief
clauses—clauses inserted fot the purpose of
prevent! ng the collection of debts. Prima facie
it would seem that Georgia was entitled to rep-
resentation and entitled to vote for President.
Congress has not yet set aside these proceed-
ings. Tbe question will arise hereafter whether
Congress can set them aside, and upon that there
will be some difference of opinion, I appre-
hend. It is known that there is a difference
of opinion ; but at this time, prima facie, she
is entitled to have her vote counted; Bat,- as
has been said by the Senator from Vermont,
it will make no difference in the result; and he
proposes to avoid any decision about it. I do
not know that I shall seriously object to the
passage of the resolution in that view. But,
sir, it is a very dangerous proceeding that we
are adopting; and if the result depended on
this vote of Georgia I do not know but that it.
might involve this country in civil war. It is
a very delicate matter to undertake to determ-
ine here in advance the votes from what
States shall be counted and what not, when
those States have east their votes in pursuance
of the laws of the land ; and to do that before
any act of Congress has beenpassed declaring
in any way that they are not entitled to vote,
and to do it by resolution in this way, seems to
me a dangerous precedent.
My only object in rising was to call attention
to the precise condition of Georgia at this time
and to make the statement that I have made
in regard to this electoral vote, and to express
the opinion that inasmuch as it would make
no difference in the result, and as, prima facie
at least, Georgia had a right to vote, it would
be better to count the vote without raising the
question at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
time, because my friend from Illinois does not
really object to the passage of this resolution.
I merely rise to say that I entirely disagree with
my friend as to the prima facie state of the
case. I believe it is capable of demonstration
not only that Georgia is not prima facie entitled
to have her vote counted or to be represented
as a State in this Union, but that the evidence
is conclusive the other way. But this is not
the time to discuss that, because, as I said before,
it is a grave question that requires calm discus-
sion and time for deliberation. I only propose
this to avoid the difficulty that my friend sees
will arise unless we agree to this resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to submit to the
Senate whether the two Houses ought in advance
of the count of the vote to assume to kt*iow who
is elected President?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not assume to
know by the resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Ver-
mont says they do not assume to know that.
Then I do not understand the resolution. The
resolution is that the President of the Senate
shall announce as follows:
Were tho votes presented as of tho State of Geor-
gia to be counted, the result would be. for lor
President of the United States,  ■ votes; if not
counted, for for President of the United States,
 vote3; but in either case is elected Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend has omitted
to' cast his eye oil the four or five preceding
lines, which state that if in the counting the
result shall not be changed he shall announce
it in this way. If it turns oat to be otherwise,
we shall be obliged to meet the question, of
course.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is the* announce-
