1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
977
ment that the President is to make upon the
presentation of all the votes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If Georgia's vote makes
no difference in the result.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When Georgia is reached
in the call of States, what announcement is the
President to make in regard to it?
. Mr. EDMUNDS. Not any, until he gets
them all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then it is not to be
counted in its order,?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; it will be counted
the same way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand from the
Senator from Vermont that when Georgia is
reached in the call of States the vote of Geor-
gia is not to be announced as counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Indiana
does not quite understand the purport of this
resolution, I think. It merely directs the Pres-
ident of the Senate that in making his announce-
ment, (and he announces the final result all at
once of the whole vote, as the practice has
always been,) if the vote of Georgia makes no
difference he shall so announce it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to know 0f the
Senator from Vermont, when Georgia is called,
is her vote to be counted by the tellers?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose the tellers will
count the votes and announce that the vote of
the State of Georgia is so and so, but when
the final footing up takes place and it is found
that that number of votes makes no difference
in the result the President will then announce
it in this form. If it is found that it does make
a difference in the result, then unquestionably
the vote of Georgia will be objected to, if I
happen to live at that time, and can get the
floor ; and then we shall be obliged to decide,
as I have said before, under the joint rules,
the dangerous question that my friend from
Illinois alludes to, without debate and without
consideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, for a while,
Georgia is to be counted, and finally she is not
to be counted, under this resolution. That is
the proposition of the resolution. The tellers
are to count the votes, and call the States as
completed, and then the Chair is to announce
substantially that Georgia is not counted. That
is the substance of it, because ho is simply to
announce that if it were counted then the re-
sult would be thus ; if Georgia were not counted
then it would be thus; so that if the announce-
ment of the Chair is any part of the proceed-
ing and of its substance Georgia is not to be
counted. This resolution is to that effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is such an announce-
ment to be made upon the ground that the
counting or not counting of that vote will
make no difference inthe result? Is the Sen-
ate prepared to say, in regard to a State, that
she may not be counted and shall not be
counted, because itwill make no change in the
result ? As I understand the case of Georgia it
stands thus: Congress by law has declared
her entitled to representation and a State of
the Union, upon two conditions ; first, that
she should ratify the fourteenth constitutional
amendment. That she has done, and we have
the evidence, which is regarded as conclusive
on that subject I believe, of the proclamation
of the Secretary of State ; and thesecond con-
dition was that her Legislature should pass a
law repealing certain provisions of the con-
stitution of the State in regard to relief to
debtors. She has done that, as is shown by
her records. So that upon the conditions pre-
scribed by Congress in the law there is no
question of fact in the case of Georgia. I un-
derstand that the objections to the admission
of Georgia to representation in this body are
not based uponhernon-compliance with either
of these conditions. The objection rests upon
other grounds, the conduct of her Legisla-
ture, the conduct of her people; and in sup-
port of this proposition I refer the Senate to
the report of the Committee on the Judiciary,
made by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stew-
art,] in which the grounds are .stated, and I
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 62.
believe in that report it is not assumed that
the Legislature has failed to comply with either
of the conditions. The Legislature having
complied with both conditions, and that being
known to the Senate, upon what ground now
is the Senate ready to say that Georgia shall
not be counted?
It is not enough to say that the vote will not
change the result; you cannot stand upon that
position. My colleague and myself could not
sit here to day quietly and consent that the
vote oflndianashould notbecounted, although
it would not change the result. We could not
consent to a resolution like this, because for
the time being it would be stripping her of
one of her rights under the Constitution. If
Georgia is a State in the Union, then we can-
not pass such a resolution as this. I cannot
vote for it, whatever its effect may be upon the
result.
Mr. WHYTE. I do not see with what pro-
priety the Senate could adopt a resolution with,
such a recital in it as is contained in the reso-
lution now under consideration in the Senate.
It starts with an allegation which, in my hum-
ble judgment, is wholly incorrect, and one
which could not receive my support:
Whereas the question whether tlie State of Geor-
gia lias bec-orao and is entitled to representation in
the two Houses of Congress, is now pending and un-
determined.
I do not understand that question to be
pending and undetermined anywhere but in
the Senate. So far from there being any ques-
tion as to the representation of Georgia in the
two Houses, members from the State of Geor-
gia are now acting in the House of Represent-
atives, and voting upon the passage of bills
which come from that House into the Senate
Chamber.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to make a remark?
Mr.- WHYTE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. There is a delegation
sitting from Georgia in the House of Repre-
sentatives, but that delegation was elected long
antecedent to the time at which the questions
to which he adverts arose; and in the House
a resolution had been passed instructing the
committee having charge of that subject to
inquire into the right of Georgia to be repre-
sented for the present or the future in that
body. Therefore, I remind the Senator that
the question has been made not only here, but
in the other House.
Mr. WHYTE. May I ask the Senatorfrom
New York to tell me whether those Represent-
atives from Georgia have not been admitted
into the House of Representatives since the
announcement of the acquiescence by Georgia
in the requirements set down by Congress ?
Mr. CuNKLING. I am not able to speak of
the date at which the actual admission took
place; but the election occurred in April,
which was months before the convening of the
Legislature, and therefore before all of the
things which constitute the impediments, if in
truth impediments exist, to the right of Georgia
to representation.
Mr. WHYTE. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York does not answes, or, as he
states, cannot answer the question whether or
not those members have not been admitted as
Representatives from Georgia since the require-
ment by Congress of the adoption of the four-
teenth constitutional amendment. I venture
to affirm that they have been admitted since
that period of time, and the Senators presented
themselves here for representation in this branch
of Congress, desiring to take their seats. But
in the meanwhile, between the admission of
the Representatives in the other House and
the presentation of the credentials of the Sen-
ators, a resolution was passed by the^ Geor-
gia Legislature with regard to the eligibility of
negroes to hold office in that body. But ante-
rior to that time, and since the acquiescence by
Georgia in the constitutional amendment, her
right to representation in the other House was
acquiesced in and settled. Whether the
House is pondering the questiou whether it shall
take steps backward and now unseat the gen-
tlemen I do not know; but that she has been
admitted to representation, recognised as enti-
tled to representation, and consequently entitled •
to vote at the presidential election, there can
be no doubt. ,
The PRiJSIDENTijro tempore. $iw morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomps tl^e duty
of the Chair to announce that the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amend- •
ment to the Constitution of the united States
is now before the Senate as.in Committee of
the Whole; and on that question the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Saclsbpry] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Delaware to give way to let the unfinished
business be laid aside until we can dispose of
this resolution. I think it will not lead to any
further debate.
Mr. STEWART. I shall object if it is to
lead to debate.
Mr: SAULSBURY. _ If it does not lead t®
debate I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the vote be taken on
the resolution. I hope gentlemen will consent
to that,.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to debate that, resolution.
Mr. STEWART. If it is to be debated I
object to lavins; aside the special order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
Delaware, then, give way until I can move to
lay the constitutional amendment aside in order
to dispose of the other ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay upon the
table for the time being this constitutional
amendment, with a view to finish the consider-
ation of the resolution we had under consider-
ation and that being disposed of, I will move
then to take up the constitutional amendment
again.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I prefer that that shall
not be done, as it may take so long that it will
throw mc into the evening. Senators say that
they will debate the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business will lose its place unless it is
passed over by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDWARDS. I think this resolution
will not occupy us long, and I submit the
motio'n if the Senator from Delaware yields for
thatpurpose, though if he insists I cannot do so.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I prefer to go on now.
I should like to oblige the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Delaware
will permit me, I desire to offer an amendment
to the pending resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read for information. The Chair is not aware
that there is any amendment pending at the
present time.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to offer one.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to insert at the end of the
amendment offered by Mr. Stewart the fol-
lowing :
But Congress having authority to propose amend-
mcnts to the Constitution of the United States oniy,
this provision is not intended to apply to or m any-
way to affect the principles and forms of tlie govern-
ments of the'several States as organized by their re-
spective constitutions.
Mr. SAULSBURY addressed the Senate.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Nevada and other Senators, m view of the
immediate approach of the necessity for action
upon the question of counting the votes for
President, to let this joint resolution be laid
upon the table for a few minutes in order that
we may take the vote of the Senate upon the
resolution which we had under discussion this
morning. For that purpose, unless my friend
from Nevada feels obliged to oppose it—and 1
hope he will not, because we shall sit out his
measure to night—I move to lay the pending
measure upon the table.
Mr. STEWART. If no gentleman will make
that an excuse for not sitting out the constitu-
tional amendment to-night, I should be^ will-
ing to let it be informally laid aside until the
