mo
MarMra
the northern part of the State of Main©, ant
that claim was set up simply because England
discovered the necessity of a military- rdad from
her lower provinces to her-upper provinces.
In order to escape from the railroads which
will be built northward from this Iitfe of road,
running from St. John to Bangor, the English
Government has appropriated $15,000,000 in
order to build a road along the northern shore
of the lower provinces and through the valley
of the Ristiquouchi from Halifax to Quebec;
but that will not be accomplished if' this road
is built from St. John's to Bangor, because
branches will run northward to the line of
Maine, so that it will be- easy for the United
States to throw her troops northward to inters
cept troops who may be passing from Halifax
to Quebec. If you close up this line of com-
munication between the lower and the northern
provinces of Canada you close up military com-
munication between England and her Ameri-
can provinces for five months of the year; New
England is not the only section of the country
that will derive advantage from this, for in an-
other war with England the attack would not
be made upon the line of New England, but
upon the line of the great lakes and far west
of New England; and it is quite as desirable
for the West to.break up this military road
from the lower to the northern provinces as for
New England.
But, sir, there are other considerations—the
political considerations. It will give us a com-
mercial union with those lower provinces; and
when we have got this commercial union es-
tablished a political union will soon follow.
This may not be a very great advantage in the
eyes of the gentleman from Iowa, but it cer-
tainly is in the eyes of many people in this
country. I cannot see therefore why because
this amount of money is to be used in the
building of a railroad it should be refused if
it is a just and honest claim, as I think every-
body must admit that it is.
One objection made by the gentleman from
Ohio was that this money which was advanced
by Massachusetts in the war of 1812 was ad-
vanced in order to defend the State of Massa-
chusetts. It strikes me that is rather a singular
objection. I supposed that under the Consti-
tution the Government of the United States
was bound to defend every State against an
attack from abroad. Suppose a hostile fleet
were to land to-morrow in Boston harbor or
in New York harbor, would it rest upon the
State of Massachusetts or New York to defend
the State against such an invasion? It would
rest upon the United States to defend those
States under the Constitution. It is upon this
ground that the original principal of the amount
advanced lias been paid to Massachusetts and
Maine and the other States for the advances
which they made in the war of 1812.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall be compelled to
occupy the time of the Senate for a few min-
utes on this subject. I desire to submit some
remarks, and as preliminary to those remarks
I will ask the Clerk to read the report which I
send to the desk. It is very short. I was lis-
tening to the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, as 1 always do, with satisfaction ;
and he attracted my attention particularly as
he reached thepoetical point of overstating the
amount of land granted to the West for the
construction of railroads. I ask the Secretary
to read the report I send to the desk, and I ask
the honorable Senator to listen to it. It is
very brief.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 80th of January, information in relation
to the quantity of land certified to States and
corporations ta aid in the construction of rail-
roads, wagon-roads, and canals:
, Department of the Interior,
washington, I). C., February 2,1869.
Sir : I have received the resolution adopted by the
Senate on the 30tli ultimo. In answer thereto I have
the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a letter
from the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
dated the 1st instant, giving the quantity of land esr-
tified to States sfcnd corporations to" aid id1 the con-1
struetion of railroads, wagon-roads, and canals.
I am, sic, very respectfully, your abedientser v an t,
• o:h.bko wring,
■ - Secretary:
Hon. B. I'. Wadb, President protanpore of the Senate,
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office, February 1,1869.'
Slit: In resolution of the Senate of the United
States, adopted on the 30th ultimo, it is_ ordered " that
the Secretary of the. Interior be requested to inform
the Senate the quantity of public lands certified arid
patented to: States and Territories and corporations
to aid in the construction of railroads, wagon-roads,
and canals," and the improvement of rivers and har-
bors, indicating the Quantity thus certified and con-
vey, ed within the limits of-.eaeh State and Territory,
naming the corporation to be benefited thereby, and
the quantity of land received by.oy.ch. of suoh cor-
porations,"
Pursuant, to .fbo Secretary's reference, the follow-
ing is respeotfttlly submitted in reply: ;
The aggregate quantity actually certified under ex-
isting laws for railroads and wagon-roads up to
June SO, 1867, is, acres    21,561,6c>4.06
For canals   4,405,986.00
25,967,640.06
The quantity certified to the follow-
ing named States since the30th of June,
1867,is—
Minnesota, forrailroads  670,695.48
California, for railroads  26,562.09
Wisconsin, for wagon-roads... 72.133.4T ..
Oregon, for wagon-roads-  .19,153.73
Michigan, for canals  280,290.92 '
   1,068,835.69
Total    27,036,475.75
The estimated quantity that will eventually inure
to States and corporations under existing grants is
185.591,894.67 aeres.
With great respcet, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. O. H. Browning, Secretary of the Interior.
, Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the gentleman will allow me I will send to the
Secretary's table to be read an abstract taken
from the Land Office report for the present
year, not yet published.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"As given in the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office for 1868—printed, but not yet
distributed—the land grants for the West, as esti-
mated at the Land Office, are:
For railroads .182,108,581
3?or canals  4,405,936
Sor wagon-roads   3,782,213
Aggregate .190,296,780
"Of the acres included in the railroad grants
58,108,5S1 acres were granted to the States for rail-
roads, and 124,000,000 aeres were granted directly to
Pacific railroad corporations.
"Whatwas leftof the public domain after theenor-
mous swamp land grants to the new States, and after
the above appropriation of 190,296,780 acres for west-
ern canals, railroads, and wagon-roads, has been set
apart to invite emigration to the West under the
homestead act,"
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
There are only a few words more.
Mr. CONNESS. But this is not from the
report of the. Land Office. This is the lan-
guage of somebody who characterizes the legis-
lation of the country.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
said it was an abstract from the report of the
Commissioner of the Land Office.
Mr. CONInESS. The figures may be part
of an abstract; but this language is not used by
the Commissioner of the Land Office. Now,
Mr. President, I have this remark to make 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish, as the gentleman says my language is
poetical, that he would allow those figures to
be read. He will find that it is the poetry of
fact.
Mr. CONNESS. They have been read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The whole
paper has .not been read. Is there any. objec-.
tio'n 1o the reading of it ?
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection. Let
it be read.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading, as
follows:
" During the last fiscal year two million'tbree hun-
dred and twenty-eight thousand nine hundred and
twenty-three aeres were taken under that act, (the
homestead act.) In all, down to June 30,1888, nine
million five hundred thousand acres had been taken
under it."
Mr. CONNESS. That relates to the home-
stead act, aftd'bas nothing to do with the ease.
Mr.-President, it 'will "be observed that the*
amount certified and patented up to 'the pres-
ent time to States, Territories, and corpora-
tions for the construction of roads and canals
is twenty-seven million acres. The enormous
figures that my friend has presented here to
the Senate are -made up of grants, so called,-
made to the Pacific Bailroad- Company,; the
large grant that is made to the Northern^Pacific
road, not one acre of, which is taken* sand may
never be; .the grant made to the Union, and
Central Pacific Railroad companies, which
that gentleman or & nation .can buy . back
again at not more than, twenty;iive .cenis. an.
acre, and the cojnpa,nies will be very gtad to
sell and, give title for it; the grant made on
the southern route to the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company and a company in Califor-
nia . over the desert parts of this country,
amounting in reality to nothing. Those'.fig-
ures are brought in here from time to time and
paraded,as the enormous grants of empires fo£
the purposes of railroads and other improve-
ments in the West. ' All the grants made up to'
this time have consumed twenty-seven million
acres of the public lands. * ' '
Mr. STEWART. I will ask the Senator
from California if that is any expense to the
Government under the plan which has been
adopted ?
Mr. CONNESS. I have not gone into that;
We all know the plan upon which these grants
have been made, but I desired for once to call
public attention to the looseness with which
those statements are made. I do not care
about the argument, so far as it applies to the
pending question, at all.
Mr. DAVIS. If I understand the proposi-
tion before the Senate, all the principal for
moneys advanced by Massachusetts in the war
of 1812 has been reimbursed to her, and the
claim is now barely and simply for the interest
upon the advances that Massachusetts made for
the common military defense in the war of
1812. The honorable Senator from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, read
two or three items that made up the amount of
this charge, and they were merely for impro-
vising a local militia force upon some alarm of
an irruption of the enemy across the frontier,
which alarm was not realized, and when the
alarm subsided of course this improvised militia
returned to their residences. And for,,such
service as that the account of Massachusetts
in part is made out against the General Govern-
ment. But, sir, there are other items in that
charge of a more serious character and larger
in amount, to which I will refer.
The honorable Senator from Maine [Mr.
I?essenden] spoke truly of the difference be-
tween the State authorities of Massachusetts
in that war and the Government of the United
States as to the principles upon which the
militia of that State should be employed in the
service of the United States. We remember
that Governor Strong issued his proclamation
forbidding the militia of the State to go under
the control and direction of United States
military officers; in other words, he refused to
submit the militia'of the State to the govern-
ment of the Commander-in-Chief of the armies
of the United States. We remember that wheii
Plattsburg was assailed- by one of the most
formidable forces that was ever collected by-
the British during the war, under General Pre-
vost, and the militia of New York and Ver-
mont, and a few regular forces were congre-
gated there to make a defense of the place, the
Governor'of Massachusetts was called -upon
for his quota of militia, and he issued "a proc-
lamation forbidding the militia commanders'
ta march to the defense of Plattsburg. That
is a historical fact. ' -
Now, this claim of Massachusetts for'moneys
advanced in the service of the United States'
results partly from this consideration: the mili-
tia, to whom Governor Strong issued his proc-
lamation forbiddiug their marching to the de-
fense of their country, were in the employment-'
of that State, and that State advanoed the'pay
