1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
House do now adjourn. I simply wish to offer
m_v resolution to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By the SPEAKER: The memorial of Wil-
liam C. H. Waddell, of New York, relative to
a reduction in the cost of international ocean
postage.
By Mr. ARCHER: The memorial of Wil-
liam Cornell Jewett, declaring the proposed
censure against Hon. Reverdy Johnson as pre-
mature and calculated to destroy the peaceful
relations now existing between England and
America, setting forth the diplomatic wisdom
and dignity of the representation of the Amer-
ican minister as unexampled, and praying for
deliberation before resorting to threatening
legislation toward England.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of D. M.
Richardson and others, of Detroit, Michigan,
asking that action may be had at the present
session on the civil-tenure bill, on the new tax
bill, &c.
By Mr. BURR: The remonstrance of R.
M. Bell and others, against the modification
of the tariff on wool.
By Mr. MOOIIHEAD : The memorial of
George Given, of Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
that a pension be granted him.
By Mr. MYERS : The petition of letter-car-
riers in the Philadelphia post office, for an
increase of their salaries.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: The petition of Wil-
liam S. Chapman, of Wilmington,' Delaware,
for extension of a patent.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of letter-
carriers of the Philadelphia post office, for in-
creased compensation.
By Mr. PJ3RIIAM : The petition of Lewis
E. McLaughlin, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. WH1TTEMORE: A petition for the
removal of the political disabilities of Andrew
Ramsey, a citizen of South Carolina, indorsed
by R. K. Scott, Governor of South Carolina.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 9, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
lion. Cornelius Cole, of California; Hon.
George Vickers, of Maryland; and Hon. Wil-
lard Saulsbcry, of Delaware, appeared in
their seats to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Treasurer of the
United States, communicating copies of his
accounts of receipts and expenditures for the
fiscal year ending June 80, 1865; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Treasurer of the United States, communi-
cating copies of his accounts of receipts and
expenditures adjusted for the fiscal year ending
June 30, I860: which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Surgeon General of the United States Army
of the expenditures forthe completion of Provi-
dence Hospital up to December 1,1868; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Surgeon General of the United States Army,
relative to a contract made by him for the care,
support, and treatment of sixty transient pau-
pers in the city of Washington, in accordance
with the act approved July 27, 1868; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Comptroller of the Currency, communicat-
ing, in obedience to law, his annual report;
which was ordered to lie oil the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY. I present the petition of
fifty-five citizens of Maine, praying that if any
amendment to the Constitution shall be pro-
posed the right of suffrage may be extended
to males and females equally.
I also present a similar petition from C. A.
Stevens and sixty others, citizens of Massa-
chusetts.
I move that they lie on the table for the
present.
. The motion was agreed to.
•_ Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Vir-
gil C. Gilman and others, praying that a pen-
sion be granted to Daniel B. Lewis, of Nashua,
New Hampshire ; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
George Given, a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask leave
to withdraw the papers of George W. Tarleton
from the files of the Senate. It appears that
there was a report made in 1866 upon the case,
but no action was taken thereon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Was the
report favorable ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no rule in regard
to withdrawing papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be made if there be no objection.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and hy unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 660) to aid in the construction of the Ore-
gon Branch Pacific railroad ; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
661) for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel John
W. Davidson, of the United States Army;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 062) to carry out the reconstruction acts
in the State of Georgia; which was read twice
b^r its title, and ordered to lie ou the table and
be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 185) for the relief of William B.
Whiting, a captain, formerly a conimandor in
the Navy of the United States on the reserved
list; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
MESSAGE i'KOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1460) regulating the duties
on imported copper and copper ores ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1482) to restore theBureau
of Indian Affairs to the Department of War.
DISABILITIES OF FRANKLIN J. MOSES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If it be in order, I
move to take up for consideration the hill (S.
No. 658) to relieve from disabilities Franklin
J. Moses, a citizen of South Carolina.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which proposes to remove all
political disabilities imposed on Franklin J.
Moses, a citizen of South Carolina, by reason
of the third section of the fourteenth article
of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I objected to the con-
sideration of this bill the other day, because I
was not advised of the fact3 upon which it
rested. I have since .been informed, from a
source which entirely satisfies me, that this gen-
tleman is deserving of this clemeney, and that
the loyal people of that State desire that it
should be extended to him; and I have, tlgre-.
fore, now 110 objection to the passage of the
bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire .that the bill
should pass for the following "reasons; Judge
Moses was a State senator in South Carolina
for twenty-five consecutive years before fed"
during the war. At the end of the war he was*
elected one of the circuit judges of the State.
His decisions were satisfactory to both parties;.
so much so that upon the reassembling of the
Legislature, after the passage of the reconstruc-
tion act, he was elected by a large majority
chief justice of the State of South Carolina,
and this by the Union men of the State. That
court is in session at this time ; and I may say
that the ends of justice in the State of South
Carolina are blocked in consequence of the
court not having the proper presiding officer.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will consent
to pass this bill at present without objection.
Mr. DAVIS. As the bill is short I ask for
the reading of it again.
The Chief Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I move as an amendment to
the bill to iusert after the words " South Caro-
lina," in the fifth line, thewords " and all other
citizens of the State of South Carolina;" so
that the bill will read:
Be it enacted, rf;c., (two thirds of each House
concurring therein.) That all political disabilities
imposed on Franklin J. Moses, a citizen of South
Carolina, and all other citizcns of tho State of South
Carolina, by reason of the third section of the four-
teenth article of the Constitution of the United
States, be, and the same are hfireby, removed.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas, 9, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Ferry, MeCreery, Norton, Patterson of Temiessoe,
and Saulsbury—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness.Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds.Fessenden.l'owier, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson
of Now Hampshire, Poraeroy, Ramsey,Uice, Robert-
son, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Yan Winkle. Wade, Warner,
Welch, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—44.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard. McDonald, Morton, Pool, Ross,
Sawyer, Sprague, Vickers, and Wbyte—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. Ibelieve there is a verbal
alteration which should be made in the bill.
As it now stands it.proposes to remove all
political disabilities imposed on this gentleman
"by reason of the third section of the four-
teenth article of the Constitution of the United
States." The article referred to is not the
fourteenth article of the Constitution, but the
fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution. After thewords "article of the"
the words "amendments to the" should be
inserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be made, if there be no objec-
tion, it being a mere verbal alteration.
Mr. DAVIS. This bill would be more ac-
ceptable to me if the amendment which I pro-
posed had been adopted ; but as it stands I
shall feel myself constrained to vote against
it upon this ground: I hold that there is no
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
The proposition which purports to be the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution I hold
has never been ratified by three fourths of the
States, and therefore it is no part of that
instrument, and gives no authority to Congress
to pass any such measure.
The biil was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the cfmendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to he engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on tho passage of the bill.
