1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
and military equipments for the benefit of this
militia, the Governor of which State had for-
bidden them to enter into the defense of our
common country ; and after this money had
been advanced by the State of Massachusetts
it was made out and charged as a portion of
the claim advanced by that State for the benefit
of the United States in the war of 1812. Now,
sir, is that a character of expenditure that is to
be paid, not only the principal, but interest for
forty or fifty years ? Let me draw a parallel to
this case.
In the late rebellion the position of Ken-
tucky was about parallel to the position of
Massachusetts in the war of 1812, but not so
strong. Two to one of the white soldiers from
Kentucky went into the Union Army. A ma-
jority of the people of Massachusetts in the
war of 1812 were against their country, were
against the armies and the triumph of their
country, and gave their sympathies, and their
active sympathies, to the enemy. Among those
men who sympathized with the enemy was
Governor Strong, and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts knows full well that that Governor
issued his proclamation forbidding the militia
of the State to march to the defense of Platts-
burg. He knows furthermore that the State
of Massachusetts paid this militia and its mili-
tary equipment herself and then filed it as an
item of her account against the General Gov-
ernment for moneys which she had advanced
in the military defense of the country.
Now, let me put a case. Suppose in the late
war of the rebellion the Governor of Kentucky
sympathized with the rebellion as Governor
Strong in the war of 1812 sympathized with the
British enemy; suppose that troops had been
enrolled and mustered into the service in the
State of Kentucky to march into the more
southern States to put down the rebellion, and
the troops were ready and willing to march,
and Governor Magoffin issued his proclamation
to forbid those troops from marching across
the line of the State and being placed under
the command of the officers of the United States
Army, and in consequence of this obstruction
those militia failed to march and rendered no
service in the common defense of the country
and the common suppression of the rebellion ;
but notwithstanding this failure of duty on the
part of the Governor and militia of Kentucky
the State settled the account of that militia
force, paid the soldiery and the officers, and
met the expense of all the military equipment
of the command, and after having done that
produced an account against the Government
of the United States for an expenditure of
money in that sort of performance of duty,
where would be found the Senators from Mas-
sachusetts in the consideration of such a claim
as that?
That is an analogous case to the present.
This money that was advanced by Massachu-
setts was in part for the militia that the Gov-
ernor refused to have march to the frontier.
He submitted the question whether it was the
duty of himself, as Governor of the State, to
place the militia of his State under the com-
mand of the United States forces solemnly
and officially to the supreme court of Massachu-
setts, including Governor Parson and others,
and the four membersof that court rendereda
formal opinion that in their judgment the Gov-
ernor of the State of Massachusetts had aright
to withhold the militia of that State from the
command and control of the United States
military forces. That is one of the ingredients
of this claim. Sir, the principal of the debt
that was thus advanced by Massachusetts to
pay off militia that her authorities would not
permit to go to the field for the common defense
of their country never should have been paid,
and it is an outrage now upon justice and patri-
otism to demand the payment of interest upon
"flint sum.
But the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts says that his State ought to be put on a
line with Maryland, with New York, with Del-
aware, with Virginia; and that those States
have all received remuneration and reimburse-
ment for money that they thus advanced for
military defense of the country. I ask the hon-
orable Senator if that part was ever played by
the Governor of any of those States or by the
people of those States? Did they ever fail or
refuse to breast the iron storin that the proud
mistress of the seas was in that day hurling
against our infant country? No, sir; instead
of repressing the military and patriotic ardor
of their people and their soldiery they encour-
aged it; and so did a general in the State of
Maine encourage it. General William King,
a brother of Rufus King, who at that time
commanded some militia that was raised in the
district of Maine, defied the order and procla-
mation of Governor Strong and marched his
troops to meet the enemy. For these troops
and the charge that has been made for their
services I feel a profound respect. But when
the constituted authorities of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, who gave all their sympathies and
aid to England, our common enemy, to come
forward and trump up a charge for moneys
advanced to the United States in that war, a
charge which includes the payment and mili-
tary supplies of the force of Governor Strong,
whom he prohibited from marching to meet the
enemy, I say they ought to be well satisfied that
they have got the principal.
Let me give one other illustration. We have
recently had a war. The Government was put
to great strait or pretended to be put to great
strait to raise forces. What did it do? It
offered a bounty of $300 to the loyal owner of
every negro who would volunteer into its armies.
That measure, if I recollectaright,was.brought
forward by the vigilant and able chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. The prop-
osition was solemnly submitted to Congress,
and if I recollect aright every Senator from the
New England States voted in favor of that prop-
osition. You solemnly made this contract and
entered it upon your statute-books as a law of
the United States. You said, "If the loyal
owners of slaves will permit or encourage their
slaves to enlist in the United States Army we
will pay you, loyal owners, $300 for each one
of the slaves." At the same time, to give more
impetus and force to this movement, you pro-
ceeded to liberate the wives and the children of
the slaves. What was the consequence? The
owners in Kentucky brought forward about ten
thousand of their young negro men, the fittest
material that ever wore a black skin for mili-
tary operations. Their bounty promised by you
according to your solemn contract amounted
to the sum of about ten million dollars. You
did not pay it. You required a bounty fund to
be paid into the Treasury in order to meet it,
and that bounty fund was paid into the Treas-
ury to an amount sufficient to meet it by white
men who sought exemption from military ser-
vice. You pocketed the $10,000,000 thus
received, and with the avowed purpose of pay-
ing it over to the loyal owners of the slavgs
who had entered into your Army ; but yon did
not pay it. We then brought forward a prop-
osition appropriating money out of the public
Treasury to Kentucky, to Maryland, to Ten-
nessee, and to Delaware ; and that law appro-
priating the money was passed, and enough of
you voted for it to pass it.
Here, then, was contract filed upon contract,
to meet the moderate and meager claims of
the owners of Slaves that were worth SI,000
apiece by paying them $300 apiece. You per-
mitted the appropriation bill to pass. There
was then a solemn contract between you and
the loyal slave-owners of the United States
that you would pay them this sum of $300 a
head forthose negro slaves. You then entered
into another contract, and you directed your
Treasury officers peremptorily and positively
to pay it; and after you had done this what
did you do 1 You turned around and extended
indefinitely the payment of this money which
you had twice so solemnly contracted to pay.
All New England did this; that is, the New
England Senators. If any of them failed to do
so 1 should like to know who he was, that I
may honor his name.
I recollect that the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance was once speaking
upon the kindred subjectofliberating the wives
and children of the negro soldiers, and he said
then that at a future day he would not only
be -willing to compensate for these soldiery
themselves, bnt for their wives and children,
that the act of Congress took forcibly, as it
were, from their owners and liberated. Sir,
the thirty-five thousand slaves from Kentucky,
the most valuable young men in the State of
that color, instead of being worth nine or ten
million dollars were worth from thirty-five to
forty million dollars. Here is a positive pro-
vision of the Constitution which declares that
private property shall not be taken for public
use without just compensation made. You
repudiate that solemn provision of the Consti-
tution. You do that after you pledged your-
selves twice by solemn legislation to pay $300
for each of these volunteer slaves. After that
has been your course in relation to our rights
and our property, and in relation to your own
repeated and most solemn obligations to pay
for that property, you expect us to vote for the
payment of interest upon a claim on which you
have long since received the principal, after a
lapse of forty or fifty years—an aeeount made
up in part, as this account has been, by Massa-
chusetts? After the Massachusetts Senators
and other eastern Senators—I do not know of
any who acted differently—thus paltered in a
double sense with the slaveholders, whose
slaves they encouraged to enlist in the armies
of the United States, after they have twice so
solemnly repudiated it, after they have been
guilty of the offense of incorporating this prin-
ciple of repudiation in the Constitution of the
United States in one form of the fourteenth
amendment, I say it is neither reasonable nor
just nor decent for those gentlemen now to ask
for this stale claim for interest to be paid.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I cannot but
regard this claim, in its intrinsic character and
in the manner of its presentation here, as one
of the most extraordinary that has come under
my observation during my service in this body.
In the last days of the session, without any
previous examination whatever by the Senate or
by any committee of the Senate, it is attempted
to attach to an Army appropriation bill a pro-
vision which wiil take out of the Treasury of
the United States an amount of money which
no Senator on this floor is able at this time to
give, even conjecturally, the exact figures of.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow
me to correct him, I will say that I am able to
give it, and will give it to the Senator if he
desires it; and I will say further, in reply to
him, that the claim has been carefully con-
sidered and reported upon more than once by
a committee of this body.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to see the
report of a committee of this body upon this
claim as now presented to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It was made during the
present session.
Mr. DRAKE. Where?
Mr. SUMNER. It is on the table of the
Senator.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
be so good as to refer me to it?
Mr. SUMNER. It was made by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and I had the
honor of making the report myself in the form
of a bill, which was adopted by that committee
after careful consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. Was there a written report
connected with it?
Mr. SUMNER. There was not. It is not
customary to make written reports on bills.
Mr. DRAKE. It is customary, Mr. Presi-
dent, to make written reports on bills which
are to take an indefinite amount out of the Treas-
ury and which are to reopen settled accounts
of the Government and to make the Govern-
ment liable for interest. I do not suppose
there is a claim reported upon here by the
Committee on Claims that is not "accom-
panied" with a written report. And now we'
are asked here, in the closing hours of the ses-
