28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 0,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On that
question the yeas and nays must be taken, it
requiring a two-thirds vote to pass the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 46, nays 6 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conklinpr, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinshuysen, Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice. Robert-
son, Ross, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Warner, Welch, Whyte,
Willey. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler,
MoCreery, and Saulsbury—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Buckalew,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, McDonald, Pool,
Sawyer, Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, and
Wade—14.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
having voted in the affirmative, the bill is passed.
house bills.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were read twice by their
titles, and ordered to lie on the table:
A bill (H. li. No. 1460) regulating the duties
on imported copper and copper ores ; and
A bill (II. U. No. 1482) to restore the Bureau
of Indian Affairs to the Department of War.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore.. There is a
bill on the table which the Chair understands
was not read al all at the last session. If there
bono objection it may have its first and second
reading now.
There being no objection, the bill (II. R.
Is' o. 127(5) for the sale of the Hot Springs reser-
vation in Arkansas was read twice by its title,
and ordered lo lie on the table.
recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move tliat the Senate
take a recess until one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
At the expiration of the recess the President
pro tempore resumed the chair.
the calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have had laid on our
tables l h is morning the Calendar, and it contains
some seventeen or eighteen pages of matter,
various resolutions and bills and reports of
committees, many of which are adverse reports,
and many resolutions that now have no signifi-
cance or importance. It is very desirable that
theCalemlar should be reduced. It is difficult
to find anything upon it while it is so large, and
much of this matter might as well be removed
from it. f move that the Secretary be directed
to place (he Calendar in order, and that we
dismiss irom it all the matter which may not
properly come under consideration at this ses-
sion.
Mr. SU.MNEIl. Matter to the striking out
of which there is no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; with a view
to reducing the Calendar.
The L'RESIDENTpro tempore. If there, be
no objection the Calendar will be reduced in
that way and those matters left off. No objec-
tion being made, it is so ordered.
president's message.
William G. Moonu, esq., the President's
Private Secretary, appeared at the bar and
said:
Mr. President, I am directed by the Presi- i
dent of the United States to deliver to the !
Senate a message in writing. ;
George C. Gouiiam, esq., the Secretary of I
the Senate, thereupon proceeded to read the :
annual message of the President, and having |
read one fifth part of it, to the following sen- |
lence: I
" One hundred millions annually are expended for !
the military force, a large portion of which is cm- '
ployed in the execution of laws both unnecessary ■
and unconstitutional; fl50,000,000 are required each I
year to pay the interest on the public debt; an army
of tax-OMi herers impoverishes the nation ; and pub-
lic agents, placed by Congress beyond the control of
the Jixecutive, divert from their legitimate purposes
laree sums of money which they collect from the
people in the name of the Government"—
he was interrupted by
Mr. CONNESS. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the message, and that
it be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope not. That is an ex-
traordinary motion in reference to the annual
message of the President. I hope it will be
read through.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, in
support of the motion I make, I undertake to
say that no such message has ever been re-
ceived from a President of the United States.
From the commencement of its reading up to
the present moment it has consisted of a tirade,
including loose statements, against the Con-
gress of the United States, and assumptive
declarations touching the unconstitutionality
of laws passed by Congress. In all respects
it is an offensive document. Certainly time
can be better employed than in hearing it
read. I hope we shall dispense with its further
reading.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me that the mes-
sage has confined itself to a simple and bare
statement of facts. It is no otherwise offen-
sive, I think, than the facts make it so. I hope
that the message will be read through.
The PRESlDBNTpro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion to dispense with the further
reading of the message, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr.CONNESS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I did not make this motion,
but I shall vote for it, and I have only a single
word of explanation to urge in support of that
vote. I know the Constitution requires the
President to give information annually to Con-
gress of the state of the country ; but I do not
think that it was intended to authorize the
President of the United States to lecture the
Congress: and I cannot for my life think that
the language employed in this message is re-
spectful to the body with which he is commu-
nicating. it does strike me in the light of a
lecture. It does strike me as a labored effort
to reproach one of the coordinate departments
of the Government. I supposed that the Con-
stitution intended simply to authorize the Pres-
ident to communicate such facts to the Legis-
lature from year to year as he might become
possessed of as the Executive of the nation ;
and it was not intended to authorize him to
animadvert, in ternjs of reproach, at least,
upon the acts of the Legislature itself. Cer-
tainly Congress must be supposed to know as
well what it has done as the President can
know. 1 know of nothing, either in the laws
of the United States or in the language of the
Constitution itself, which makes it obligatory
upon us to sit here and hear a message read
from the President any more than any other
paper; and inasmuch as I do conceive that
the language employed here is not respectful
toward Congress, I shall vote to dispense with
the reading of it. The country gets the bene-
fit of it all the same.
Mr. WIIYTE. I trust that for the sake of
maintaining that respectful attention which the
country demands upon the part of the legis-
lative branch of the Government the message
of the President may be read in the hearing
of the Semite. He is called upon to discharge
a great public duty, and in pursuance of the
demand made upon him by the Constitution
of the United States he seeks to give inform-
ation to the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives of the stale of the country. He may
use language strom; in its character, as Sena-
tors often in the discussion of subjects before
the Senate may use ; he may use language that
may be irritating in its character ; but, never-
theless, lie occupies the high and exalted posi-
tion of the President of the United States; he
is communicating, in the discharge of his duty,
that which he conceives ought to be communi-
cated to this, a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment ; and I trust that at this, the beginning
of a new session, or a continued session of
Congress, we may have a cordiality in senti-
ment, or at least a respectful attention to the
views and sentiments of those who may differ
with regard to the manner in which the Gov-
ernment should be conducted. I trust, sir,
that the motion made by the Senator from
California may not prevail.
Mr. WILSON. I think the message is dis-
respectful and untruthful. There cannot be a
doubt about the one or the other. But it is the
last annual message of a public officer whom
the people have condemned all along, and
have most emphatically condemned at this
time. The issue between him and the Con-
gress of the United States has been pronounced
upon by the American people, and there is
no appeal from it. This message is the utter-
ance of a disappointed, bad man, who has dis-
turbed the country, and who has been_ con-
demned by not only those who were politically
associated with him and rejected by them, but
has been condemned by the American people ;
and there is no question about it that the ver-
dict of history will be against him. But he has
sent in his message here, and I think we had
better have it read, and proceed as we ordi-
narily do on such occasions. I have no anx-
iety about the judgment of the x\merican peo-
ple as between the Congress of the United
States and Andrew Johnson, and therefore I
think we had better proceed as we usually do
in the matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think if the Presi-
dent of the United States desired to secure a
universal reading of this document by the peo-
ple he would desire the success of the motion
made by the gentleman from California. The
proposition is, that the President of the United
States, in the discharge of his constitutional
duties, shall not be allowed to discuss the con-
duct of Congress; and when Congress says
that to the country it will secure the universal
reading of the President's views upon the sub-
ject. I say, Mr. President, that in my judg-
ment it is not disrespectful to Congress to ques-
tion either the wisdom or the policy that it has
adopted, or the constitutionality of its meas-
ures, as a basis of recommendation for legis-
lative reform. If the President of the United
States feels that the legislation heretofore is
unfortunate to the country, or in violation of
the provisions of the Constitution, it is not
only his right, but it becomes his duty, in com-
municating annually to Congress, to express
his views upon the subject.
Now, sir, the President is discussing a ques-
tion of great interest to the people—a question
upon which the people are feeling deeply at
this time—the question of the public expendi-
tures. lie has stated the enormous sums that
are being expended. Does any Senator say
that that statement is not correct? If the
President be in error in regard to the amounts,
that, of course, is a proper subjcct of discussion
in the future ; but error on the part of the Presi-
dent in the statement of amounts, as lie gets
them from the Departments, is certainly not
a reason for the rejection of the document.
The President is going on, at the very point in
the message at which this motion is made, to
discuss questions of reform, retrenchment,' and
a return to economy. These are proper sub-
jects for the President's discussion) proper
subjects for the Congress of the United States
to consider, proper subjects for the people to
hear from the President upon, and proper
subjects for the people to hear from Congress
upon. I do not think that the dignity of the
office, or respect to the present Chief Magistrate
is involved in this message. The adoption of
this motion will be the expression by Congress
of an unnecessary sensitiveness on its own part
when, its conduct becomes the subject of
criticism. No great body shields itself fiom
public responsibility by showing an excessive
degree of sensitiveness when its conduct is ques-
tioned.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Indiana is a little in error when he
attributes the motion that I made to sensitive-
ness at the discussion of the topics contained
in the discussion proposed by the President.
