980
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
this "general pofeitiOtt^ebthe fourteenth amend-
ment does not aid bis argument, as it makes
no provision for rights by that name ; a priv-
ilege is a different thing from a right. It is a
right granted by liiw. The nobles of Great
Britain have the privilege of being tried by
their peers. The members of Parliament have
the privilege.of being exempt from arrest. , It
ia a fight granted by law. And we thus come
back to the old Constitution before it was
amended, and ask whether there is any right
for the national Government to regulate suf-
frage in the States granted in that instrument 1
I think there is not. The word "immunity"
does not cover what is claimed.- An immunity
is an exemption from a duty ; not the guar-
antee of a right. ,But the second section of
the faurtsenth article of .the amendment is
quite conclusive on this subject. It .provides—
"Thatwhen the right to vote at any election for
the choice of electors of President, &c., is denied to
any of the male inhabitants of such State, being
twenty-one years of age and citizcns of the United
States, or in any way abridged, except for partici-
pation in rebellion or other crimes, the basis of rep-
resentation therein shall be reduced in the propor-
tion which the number of such raalo citizons shall
bear to the whole number of male citizens ovbr
twenty-one.'' ' .
In other word's, the very amendment- con-
templates, after its iadbptiou, a state of things
in which tire States will withhold from a cer-
tain class of male adults the right to vote, and
it does not attach a penalty or a1 punishment
as for a violation of the amendment, but makes
Bimply a provision as to the mode of repre-
sentation utider that state of things. I cannot,
therefore, conclude that the fourteenth amend-
ment confers 011 Congress the right to regulate
suffrage. We want a further amendment.
1 do not desire to bo considered as indiffer-
ent to this great subject, because I cannot dis-
cover our constitutional power where, in my
opinion, it does not exist. The most desirable
thing ia not to possess the greatest liberty or
to have the greatest, number of rights. It is of
much greater importance to have our liberties
and our rights secured, guarantied, chartered,
written in the Constitution; so that we can
maintain them and leave them to our posterity.
Therefore I desire to see the important measure
we aro now considering made a part of the
fundamental law of the land. And while speak-
ing of chartered rights, I will say that there is
a class of thoughtful men in society who some-
times are thought to be a little technical,
sometimes sticking in the bark, but who only
do stick in the bark because they find it is a
position where they can the better guard and
protect that vitality which is at the heart.
They are a class of men who have done as much
for civil liberty and human rights as the heroes
of history; those men are common-law law-
yers.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I certainly
admire the close of my honorable friend from
New Jersey, for it was very handsome and but
just to the common lawyers. I only regret
that his whole argument was not in consonance
with the eulogy which he passed upon the
common law and common lawyers. However,
Mr. President, I propose to debate this sub-
ject at some length, perhaps for an hour or so;
and if it is the pleasure of the Senate to take
a recess I would myself prefer that course.
Mr. SUMNER. A recess has been ordered,
to commence at four o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. It is now very nearly four
o'clock; within a minute or two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky has the Moor; and if he
will give way the Chair will lay before the Sen-
ate a eomnmnication from one of the Depart-
ments which will consume the time up to the
recess.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication, transmitting a
copy of a letter, dated the 8th-instant, from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, submitting
an -estimate of appropriation* required to pay
for services of B. B. Mitchell while employed
as a detective to break up cattle stealing in the
Indian territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The hour of four o'clock having arrived, the
Senate took a recess till seven o'olock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
P.- m-
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of tlie Navy, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the 30th ultimo, inquiring whether
the docks at the Pensaeola navy-yard are suf-
ficient for the accommodation and necessities
of the Navy in the Gulf of Mexico, and
whether further legislation is requisite before
the docks can be made sufficient, and if so,
what legislation is necessary ; which, on mo-
tionof Mr. RAMSEY, was referred to theCom-
niitt.ee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
committee service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Harlan as an additional member to serve
on the Committee on Indian Affairs.
knk0llhd bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had sighed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 1400) regulating the
duties 011 imported copper and copper ores ;
and it was thereupon sigued by the President
pro tempore.
stjkl'kagu constitutional amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the
Senator from Nevada I have a small bill which
I should like to pass while the Senate is col-
lecting. Does the Senator assent to it?
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; I cannot do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402)proposinganamend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, by the cour-
tesy of the Senator from Kentucky, I have but
a few remarks to make. I am permitted to
occupy the floor on the condition that he re-
sumes it after I conclude.
Mr. President, I do not intend to discuss this
question at. any length, much less with reference
to its legal aspcct, but rather to give a general
expression of opinion in regard to it as it ap-
pears in my own mind. When we incorporate
the principles of this proposed amendment
into the Constitution we are only applying and
carrying out the very earliest assumptions of
the men who laid the foundations of our polit-
ical system. Recent events within the nation
for which few, if any, in this Chamber were
responsible, and which threw forward to the
front questions which had been remote, have
rendered it necessary for the nation ts take this
additional step toward the establishment of
the rights of men. I refer, of course, in thus
speaking, to the events of the late war. While
the principles on which this amendment is
based were well understood and definitely an-
nounced in the inception of the Government,
in declarations which could not be misinter-
preted, the opportunity, or rather the necessity,
for planting them in the fundamental law had
not until lately-arisen.
The war, succeeding' the great intellectual
controversy of which it was the consequence,
made four and a half million slaves free. Being
free they were citizens, and being citizens, all
the theories which underlie our political struc-
ture^ demanded for them the same rights and
privileges as other citizens, and consequently
gave them the ballot. This political privilege
was accorded, it may be true, to the former
slaves from asort of necessity, owing to the
fact that the other portion of the people of the
insurgent States were not in a temper to aid in
an equitable readjustment of affairs; but the
action was, nevertheless, in accord with the
doctrines 011 which the first movements toward
the organization of our Government were preel
ieated, and it had only come after the tardi-
ness of a century.
The question for us to consider now is,
whether we shall move still further in the same
direction and confer equal political privileges
upon all our citizens wherever found. In con-
sidering this matter the following quest-ions
necessarily present themsevles to our minds :
First. Have we a constitutional authority to
doit?
Second. Is it equitable to do it under the
terms of the Constitution?
Third. Is it expedient to do it ?
As to the first question, there is not enough
of doubt to admit of discussion. We are bo-and
by no obligation of fundamental law not to
insert this provision in the Constitution. On
the other hand, it is expressly provi-ded in that
law how it may be changed or amended ; and
we are pursuing the mode prescribed to ac-
complish the result toward which we are aim-
ing. Our Constitution having been made b.y
the people, may be modified by the same
authority. Nothing is more false than that the
organic law of a nation may not grow with tha
growth of a people. It has a right to take
coloring from t.he development of civilization,
and especially, as in this case, when all the
prescribed formulas are complied with. I there -
fore dismiss that point without further notice.
The second question, whether it is equitable
under our governmental compact to insert this
amendment, is broader and involves the whole
question of political rights under our Govern-
ment or as modified by our political compact.
Whether each man has a natural right to par-
ticipate in controlling society, which is govern-
ment, is not a question which it is necessary to
examine here. Various opinions are held 011
this subject; one class believing that the right
to vote is a natural and inherent right correla-
tive with the inherent right of liberty, of which
a man cannot be rightfully deprived by any
eompact or bargain among men ; and the other
believing that it is a mere conventional right,
which maybe withheld or conferred according
as it may be deemed a benefit or an injury to
the State. Whichever of these opinions may
be correct, it is certain that this Government
was founded on the idea that all politisal power
was vested in the people—not a third or a half
or any fraction, but all the people. Hence it
was said in the Declaration of Independence
that all men were "created equal; that tliey
were endowed by their Creator with certain
inalienable rights;" and that " to securc these
rights governments were instituted amongmen,
deriving their just powers from the eon seat of
the governed." And hence the preamble of
the Constitution declared that "we, the peo-
ple of the United States"—not a part, but all—
for certain purposes proceed to establish enr
fundamental law. And these original declara-
tions, uttered in the stress of impending trials,
are now fortified by the utterances of a eentury,
wherein all our legislation and the sayings of
our wisest and best statesmen and philosophers
have given them assent. It is true that in
practice we have made distinctions depriving
certain classes in different States of the privi-
leges of participating in public affairs, and
until recently depriving a whole race of those
privileges, all of which has been in conflict
with the declarations of the foundnrs of the
Government. The founders of this nation un-
doubtedly meant what they said, that this was
a Government of the people, deriving its just
powers, from the consent of the governed, not
one, but all. So much for the equity of the
matter as considered in connection with our
system of government.
I now proceed to consider the expediency
of passing this resolution; and I shall -take
latitude enough possibly to examine farther
whether the right exists outside the compacts
of Government, as well as the expediency of
