1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
the interest which by the act of 1826 she was
entitled to? She was not an abolition State.
Mr. SUMNER. The answer is very easy.
If the Senator will look at the statute of 1826
relating to Maryland he will find that it relates
exclusively to interest which was provided for.
The subsequent provision in 1857 was to re-
open these interest accounts. It proceeded on
the idea that interest had been paid to Mary-
land, but that there was a mistake in adjusting
this interest. At that early day Massachusetts
had not received her principal. Of course there
was no provision for her interest. The cases
are entirely different. And now, thanking the
Senator for the interruption with which he
honored me, I will proceed with my remarks.
I was observing that the anti-slavery warfare
which commenced in these two Chambers was
led by an illustrious Representative from Mas-
sachusetts, and that the State paid the penalty
of devotion to a great cause by drawing upon
itself an inexorable opposition. When I had
the honor of entering this Chamber in 1851
one of my first cares was to procure the final
settlement of this claim. I counseled then
with my distinguished colleague, who will be
remembered personally by some whom I now
address—there is the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, who I know knew him well—the
late John Davis, my first colleague in this
Chamber, and what was the reply of that wise,
sagacious, and experienced Senator? Said he,
''It will do no good to pursue this claim now;
the power that predominates in this Chamber
is adverse to Massachusetts, and you must wait
for a better hour." After a protracted strug-
gle in 1859 the anti-slavery sentiment had in-
creased in power. Under its enhanced influ-
ence Massachusetts succeeded in ingrafting on
an appropriation bill a provision for the final
payment of the principal of her claim. That
is all. Nothing was said about interest. Mas-
sachusetts still felt the ban under which she
was placed; and now, after enduring for so
long a time that ban, which she suffered from
the part she took in the great warfare by which
you have all profited, you turn around upon
her and say that her claim is stale. This is
very hard, especially from Senators here. Mas-
sachusetts appears tardily, I know; but it is
only recently that she has been able to appear
and'ask for justice in this court.
And here, sir, I have to say that I represent
no cause in this Chamber, whether it bears the
name of Massachusetts or any other name,
which is not the cause of justice. I scorn to
make myself the attorney of an unjust claim.
I know the character and the value of this
claim too well to fear to encounter any Sen-
ator, even the Senator from Missouri, who at-
tacks it. I know, sir, that this claim is just. I
know that if the Senate applies its attention to
the question there can be but one answer.
And now, sir, pardon me if I turn to Sen-
ators who have spoken on this matter. There
is my distinguished friend, the Senator from
Ohio, whose speech was compounded of sun-
dry different elements; first of history, which
was entirely inapplicable to the case; secondly
of figures, absolutely exaggerated so as to be
worthless; and thirdly of menaces of danger
if the Senate should do justice on this occa-
sion, all of which was entirely out of place.
First as to his history, which I say was en-
tirely inapplicable. He treated us to messages
of James Monroe, criticising the conduct of
Governor Strong. There is no occasion to crit-
icise the conduct of Governor Strong, nor is
there any occasion to defend it. The case does
not present any question on his conduct. The
question of the principal of this claim has
already been settled by the legislation of Con-
gress. Twice over by solemn acts you have
recognized it; twice over in two different in-
stallments has the principal been paid; and
yet Senators enter into this debate and fly back
of these two acts of Congress in order to criti-
cise the conduct of Governor Strong. It has
nothing to do with the case. Governor Strong
may have acted well or ill; history will make
the record with regard to him; but this Sen-
ate now has r/o jurisdiction over that question.
Something in this world must be considered as
settled; and the liability of the national Gov-
ernment for the principal of this claim belongs
to this class. There have been two judgments
in court which you cannot set aside; and yet
Senators, in the face of these judgments recog-
nizing the principal of this claim, undertake
to arraign the conduct of Massachusetts out
of which the claim arose. Impossible! It is
not in the case.
But the Senator from Ohio goes further, and
descending into minute criticism he undertakes
to say that the claim of Massachusetts is
founded on an allegation of services not actu-
ally rendered to the nation, being merely of a
local character for which the national Govern-
ment is not responsible. Here, permit me to
say, the Senator from Ohio shows how little
be has studied this question. He shows that,
though generally so well informed on those
questions that come within his particular prov-
ince, he has not mastered the present question
on which he has spoken so fervently and posi-
tively. Sir, the class of claims to which he
referred is not included in the list of the Mas-
sachusetts claims; that class was expressly
ruled out. The claimsof Massachusetts already
paid, and on which she now asks interest, were
all included in those classes where the liability of
the national Government has been recognized
in the settlement of the claims of other States,
and on which interest has been paid. That I
may not seem to speak without authority, allow
me to read a part of the act of Congress dated
May -31, 1830, making the first provision for
these claims.
Mr. HOWARD. TV ill the Senator be good
enough to read the whole act?
Mr. SUNMER. 1 will read the whole ; and
if the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
will give me his attention he will see that this
statute answers—I say it with all respect—his
whole speech. Itis entitled " An act to author-
ize the payment of the claim of the State of
Massachusetts for certain services of her militia
during the late war
" Be it enacted, &c.t That the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, under the superintendence of
tlie Secretary of War, be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized and directed to audit and settle the claims
of the State of Massachusetts against the United
States for the services of her militia during the late
war"—
How ?
"in the following cases: first, where the militia of the
said State were called out to repel actual invasion or
under a well-founded apprehension of invasion"—
That is the first case.
"Provided, Their numbers were not in undue pro-
portion to the exigency; secondly, where they were
called out by the authority of the State and after-
ward recognized by the Federal Government; and
thirdly, where they were called out by and served
under the requisition of the President of the United
States or of any officer thereof."
That is the basis on which the Massachu-
setts claims were settled, and every claim that
was paid was included within these terms, and
these are the very terms on which the claims
of all the other States for advances made dur-
ing the war of 1812 were settled. If the Mas-
sachusetts claims were bad, then were the kin-
dred claims of all the other States bad.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will state that the payment made in 1831,
the year following, covered that class of claims,
amounting to some four hundred thousaud dol-
lars. All that was subsequently settled, in-
cluded in the report of Secretary Poinsett, was
for claims that were not embraced in that class-
ification. It seems to me that that classifi-
cation includes every kind of claim that the
United States ought to have paid to the State
of Massachusetts, but after that, upon the re-
port of Mr. Poinsett in 1837, and upon the
urgent recommendation of the Senator himself
in IBS'?), the United States paid over $200,000
on claims not included in that classification.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, again -the
Senator will pardon me; he is mistaken. He
is mistaken in this statement of fact, as I shall
show in a very few minutes how grievously he
to mistaken in his figures and estimates. The
payment in 1831 was of $430,478 20, and it
was for claims coming precisely within thb
terms of the act of 1830, which I have just read.
Now, the Senator will bear in mind, if he looks
at the report of the Secretary of War, Mr.
Poinsett, that at the same time Massachusetts
did prefer another claim, being the very claim
which the Senator criticises. But I am not
here to represent that claim. It is not in issue.
That claim is not now before the Senate. It
has never been paid. It was thrown out, and
' therefore there is no present question of inter-
! est upon it. The claim of interest now before
the Senate is on account of a claim where the
principal has already been paid and which came
within those general terms applicable to all
the States that made advances to the national
Government during the war of 1812. Every
State was held to these terms. When Massa-
chusetts came forward with her advances she
was of course held to them, and she complied
with them. She brought her claims within
the required conditions. The claims were
audited and adjusted, and now the question of
interest is before you. That is my answer to
! that part of the argument of my honorable
f'.-iend the Senator from Ohio; but by way of in-
tensifying his opposition, byway, as some law-
yers in old days said, of aggravating the case,
my honorable friend went so far as tt> say that
there was a great distinction between the case
of Massachusetts and the case of New York
and the case of Virginia and the case of Mary-
land, because her soil was never trod by hos-
tile foot, as was unhappily the case with those
States.
Sir, one of the pleasantest sayings of an-
tiquity is that which comes down from the
Spartan matron who boasted that she had never
seen the smoke of an enemy's camp. I wish
that the children of Massachusetts could enjoy
that boast. They cannot. The State of Maine,
which was at that time apartof Massachusetts,
bone of her bone, flesh of her flesh, was in-
vaded and in large part occupied by the public
enemy. A famous case will be found in your
law books growing out of the occupation of
the port of Castine by the British in the war of
1812; but from that place they carried their
flag still further into the interior and much of
that State was under constant menace. Nor
was that all. The British fleet was cruising
off the harbor of Boston, the harbor of Marble-
head, and the harbor of Salem, so that all
these different towns were compelled to make
provision against the common enemy. The
guns of the Shannow^in an encounter with
the Chesapeake, were heard in their echoes
along the coast of Massachusetts. Talk with
the old citizens there and they will tell you of
the sadness of that hour when gathered on
hill-tops or in steeples they could espy the flag
of the enemy and heard the boom of his can-
non. Under such circumstances Massachusetts
was driven to make provision not only for the
national defense, but for the defense of her own
ports and towns; and now when she comes
forward at this late day she is told that her
claim for advances on account of these services
is worse than nothing ; that itis most extraor-
dinary that it should now be brought forward ;
that it is absolutely without foundation.
The Senator from Ohio, making himself the
representative of the Opposition, frightens or
tries to frighten the Senate by sayingthat if you
recognize this claim you will open the door to
claims to the amount I would say of innumerable
millions, and the Senator from Missouri takes
up the menace. Now, sir, I deny the whole
conclusion. The claim of Massachusetts, I
have already said, had two parts; the first,
$430,748, liquidated May 31, 1830, and then
further $227,176, which was appointed to be
paid by the statute of 1859, making $657,924.
There you have the claim all told, and on that
the question of interest arises.
To the allegation of Senators that this interest
account would extend to many millions the
answer is easy. It is entirely unnecessary that
I should go into details, but I am ready to affirm
that after careful estimates  
