1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februaiy 8,
This objection, stripped of its verbiage and
stated syllogistically, reads "as follows: intel-
ligence and virtue are indispensable to the safe
exercise of the right of suffrage j the African
.race in this country is inferior m respect to
intelligence and virtue; and consequently it
should be denied the-right of suffrage.
Now, the fallacy of this reasoning ought to
' be apparent upon fts simple statement. The
premise with which it starts nobody denies.
It is, indeed, an axiom lying at the basis of
•oar republican Government and national pros-
•perityi But intelligence and virtue are not the
•<fistkretive characteristics of races; they are
«ot peculiar to'any race ; they are not mon-
opolized by jior wholly excluded from-any peo-
ple oV the round earth. Intelligence and virtue
are individual possessions, inconstant qualities
varying ad infinitum, am'ongthe individuals of
-every people, attaining their highest manifesta-
tions in the great and the good and being par-
tially or wholly wanting in the degraded and
the vicious. Those constant qualities which
•mark the different races are mainly physical,
■consisting of peculiarities of color, feature,
figure, and the like ; but as these peculiarities
•are"not the qualifications for the voter, nor
indicate the - presence or absence of such
qualifications, they cannot without absurdity
•be assumed as the ground for withholding or
^bestowing the right, of suffrage. I do not share
the prejudice of Senators against race ; my
prejudices are for or against individuals accord-
ing to their merits or demerits.
But suppose the question of the inferiority
or superiority of races be admitted as possible
or pertinent to this discussion, we need not
shrink from such conclusions as can be reached.
In what respects, let us ask, are the southern
negroes, for example, inferior to the southern
whites? They are certainly in social position
.far below a large class of white citizens, but
they are, on the other hand, the social peers
of another class found everywhere throughout
the .South. But social distinctions, whatever
they are, do not confer political privileges in
this free land ; otherwise American women who
are our social superiors would outrank us all.
Then, again, as to intelligence the freedman
holds tlie same relative position as in regard
to social standing. We grant that he is infe-
rior intellectually to the educated whites. It
is the legitimate fruit of slavery and not adefect
of race. Bat if he he inferior to one class, he
is most assuredly equal or even superior to that
otherclass known as the poor whites ; and if his
intelligence in general be limited, it is encour-
.aging to know that there are many exceptions,
instances of learning and culture, which indi-
cate capacity. 'The present secretary of State
of Klorida is a gentleman of talent and learn-
ing, and yet he is an African pure and simple.
The important question, however, is not as to
the comparative, intellectual or social status
of the" negro, for intelligence and refinement
and social elevation alone do not avail to make
the genuine American citizen. The crowning
virtue of American citizenship is patriotism,
Nothing is more clearly written in the history
of the immediate past than that intellect be-
comes the instrument of treason when patriot-
ism is wanting. Just here the southern negro
appears to decided advantage. lie possesses
this indispensable virtue. Intellectually and
socially below the dominant class, but equal, at
least, to the poorer class of southern whites, he
is, if weexcept the southern loyalists, who are
limited in number, infinitely superior to them
alt as a patriot; and I weigh my words well
when I say that if his ignorance were as ray-
less as the darkest midnight, if he never had a
dozen thoughts in all his life and never changed
'J1?1*' coarse, hia steady, unflinching love of
this Union would render him a far safer depos-
itary of the right of suffrage than he who has
compassed all knowlege and all science and
nates his country.
If. then the characteristics of race are not
the qualifications of voting nor indicates the
presence or absence of these qualifications ; if
that special intelligence which perceives that
| honesty and faithfulness to our national flag is
j the best policy is a better quality in the citizen
than any degree of intelligence that fails to
perceive this; if a love of the Union that "has
never failed or flinched in time of trial is su-
perior to any general virtues where patriotism
is wanting; if all these constitute the qualifi-
cations for the exercise of the elective fran-
chise, then I earnestly hope that an amendment
■will pass which, when ratified' by the requisite
number of States, will secure to the negro the
right of suffrage now, henceforth, and forever.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Several Senators: Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read tbe amendment of Mr.
Davis, which is to add to the amendment of
Mr. Stewart—
But Congress having authority to propose amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States only,
this provision is not intended to apply to or in any
way to affect the principles and forms of the govern-
ments of the several States as organized by their
respective constitutions.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now offer the following
amendment as a substitute for the report of the
committee:
Congress Khali have power to abolish ormodify any
restrictions upon the right to vote or hold office pre-
scribed by the Constitution or laws of any State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is
a substitute for the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. WARNER. I ask if a motion to strike
out is now in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not to
strike out.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, conscious of
my inability to handle instructively a subject of
such magnitude as the one under consideration,
I had determined to remain a listener, and to
cast a silent vote for the proposed amendment.
But feeling that no one can bo excused from
the exercise of what influence he may possess,
though it be never so small, for the correct
decision of a measure fraught with such results,
I am constrained to add the little that I may
to swell the volume of the wave of that polit-
ical reform which 1 deem so essential to our
strength and perpetuity as a na' ion. I approach
the subject with a hesitancy due to a measure
involving such grave consequences to the future
of our country.
Mr. President, believing, as [ do, that Con-
gress has already entire control over the ques-
tion of suffrage in the States, I had hoped to
have an opportunity of voting for the passage
ofalawduringthecurrentsession, which should
declare that power and establish equality of
suffrage in all the States.
_ I hold that suffrage is one of those natural
rights, which, like the right to traffic, to emi-
grate, to possess aud own property, the right
to the fruits of one's labor, or the thousand
other undisputed rights which pertain to us as
responsible persons, are inherent, and guaran-
tied by the spirit if not by the letter of the
Constitution. The right to vote is the most
necessary and the most sacred of all rights,
because it underlies all, and without which we
are secure in the enjoyment of none.
There is no middle ground in this question.
We must concede the right of suffrage to every
one who stands as our equal in the scale of
creation, or we must deny it to all. It is uni-
versal suffrage or autocracy. If we deny the
one we are of necessity forced back to the
other. To deny it we must concede that some
were designed by nature to be above others in
the scale of political right. If any one race
has the exclusive right by nature to make the
laws of the country, then we are forced by the
same system of logic to admit that some one
class of that race is specially endowed with
this sacred gift, for if one race is so endowed
the same must be true of classes, families, and
individuals, and so we find ourselves reverting
back to the most absolute forms of monarchy.
From this there is no escape, exeept upon the
broad ground that the right of suffrage is one
of nature's ordination, and therefore universal,
not to be restricted except for incompetency
or the commission of crime—circumstances
which render that restriction imperative for
the preservation sftid well-being of-society and
of government. It is upon'this'principle that
all forms of republican government and law
are based, and without which those forms would
be tyranny and oppression, in that they would
deny the right of the individual to participation
in the formation of laws for his protection and
for his government.
Being a natural right, it is not legitimately
within the power of the Government, State or
national, to withhold or restrict it, while the
national Government especially, as the sover-
eign head, has or .ought to have the power, as it
is its duty, to'see that every person, who con-
fesses to it allegiance, is protected in the exer-
cise of that right.
Suffrage is the basis of republicanism—under-
lying our entire political structure; and to deny
that the General Government has entire juris-
diction of the subject is to deny that it has the
power to protect the citizen in one of his most
sacred and most solemnly guarantied rights.
To admit that the individual State may of
its own volition deny or abridge a right so es-
sential to the preservation of personal and po-
litical liberty in defiance of the General Gov-
ernment would be to concede the doctrine of
State rights in its most odious form—that the
lesser has power over the greater—that the
subordinate parts of the Government may
usurp the powers of (hat Government, and
dimmish its force by circumscribing and event-
ually destroying its base, which is the right of
suffrage.
No process of reasoning can convince me
that there is any power in the State to thus
diminish and take away the popular foundation
of a Government made by th'e people, upon the
people, and for the people.
It is by this process of reasoning, and to me
it appears conclusive, that I am convinced that
no form of Government accomplishes fully the
purpose of its institution until it is sustained
by and administered through the suffrages of
all its people ; that the duty of protection in all
natural rights on the part of the Government
is coextensive with the duty of allegiance on
the part of the citizen, ncuwiatter of what race,
color, or sex.
So long as the States are permitted to estab-
lish and maintain these distinctions in respect
to suffrage, there can be no uniformity of polit-
ical right. That clause of the Constitution is
practically nullified which declares that—
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
The first section of the fourteenth amend-
ment declares that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States,subjectto the jurisdiction thereof, aro citizens
of the United States and of the State wherein they
reside."
Again, that—•
" No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge any privileges or immunities'of citizens
of the United States."
Now, a black man in Alabama, twenty-one
years of age, is a citizen of the United States
and of the State in which he resides, and is
invested with the rig-ht of suffrage by the laws
of the United States. If New York, or Ohio,
or Kansas denies that man in their States the
same right, do they not abridge a most im-
portant privilege? Port-he correction of this
abridgment of privilege I would interpose the
speediest means within reach—-a congressional
enactment, clearly authorized, it seems to me,
by the fourth section of the same article. But
if gentlemen prefer the other and perhaps more
effective though less speedy remedy—an amend-
ment of the Constitution—let us have that. But
if that is to be done, let us make it complete ;
give Congress the power to correct all inequali-
ties by empowering it to compel the most tardy
to keep pace with the most advanced on this
important question. The immediate purpose
