1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1735
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I have not
the slightest faith that the House will agree to
it without a long contest. I am satisfied that
we shall debate this question for this whole
night aud to the jeopardy of the general legis-
lation of the country. I think the Senator
from Massachusetts in pressing this claim with
so much persistence actually prejudices it in
the minds of the Senate. Holding fast on this
appropriation bill and preventing the progress
of public business, it seems to me, has a tend-
ency to east a slur on the claim itself, on
which I do not pretend to pass any judgment.
I hope, therefore, that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will be content to withdraw the
claim at this time, for I am quite certain that
it cannot become a law at this session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, after
the suggestion made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, I am satisfied the Senate might as
well consent to pay this claim as not. He says
the prosecution of this claim before Congress
is not to cease while he is a member of this
body. Of course the claim has been rejected
before by the Senate. A day or two ago the
Senate decided that it was not in order at all
to consider it; but that has been taken back,
so persistently did he demand it, and now he is
going to persist in this demand, and of course
we shall witness the spectacle that has been
so frequently seen here of a change in the
determination of the Senate because that Sen-
ator demands it. Why not pay it, then, at
once, aud be done with it? I do not think it
is right, but then it has got to be paid, you
know, Mr. President; the Senate knows it.
Now, whyshould Senators oppose it after they
know that after a little they will go for it. So
frequently have I seen this that I know what is
to be the result of this claim. This is only six
or seven hundred thousand dollars. The prin-
cipal was paid long ago, paid in full, and every-
body thought it was settled. Nobody made a
claim of interest until four years ago, accord-
ing to the statement of the Senator; but it never
can die. I do not know whether a payment
would kill it or not. That is the only death it
is to meet, according to his statement and
according to what I have witnessed so often in
the Senate—it is to be paid. Why not pay it at
once?
Mr. President, I am not going to discuss the
question whether the Government, which is
presumed always to be ready when a claim is
properly presented, ought to pay interest or
not. But our policy, with a few exceptional
cases, has been not to pay interest. When the
Government has owed a private citizen for
many years and has delayed him in the appli-
cation, and oftentimes allowed him to meet
with financial ruin before it complied with its
just obligations to him, still it has refused to
pay him interest; and why? Upon the theory
that the Government is always ready to pay its
debts when properly presented. But it seems
in this case that there was no claim for interest
presented; it was not demanded. The Sen-
ator says that the slave power was in the way.
Why, sir, the slave power paid Massachusetts
all she asked. Did the Senator from Massa-
chusetts expect that the slave power would go
beyond the asking and voluntarily pay more
than Massachusetts wanted?
Mr. President, I think this claim ought to
be put upon the ground that Massachusetts
was so earnest in her support of the war of
1812. It does appear that she did not advance
anything, according to the argument of the
Senator, until the booming of the cannon was
heard just beyond the hills that line her coast
and until her own soil was invaded ; and then
it seems she raised a militia for the purpose
of protecting her own borders, not to aid in
the general cause except so far as the defense
of her own borders was connected with the
general cause; and I suppose she paid this
militia that was called out for the -special pur-
pose of protecting her own borders, not like
Indiana iu the recent war, not like Ohio in the
recent war, advancing funds so as to fill the
Army immediately to fight the battles of the
country upon other than her own soil; but
Massachusetts, showing her devotion to the
cause and the flag of the country in the war of
1812, did not want her own soil invaded, and
she took active means, prompt steps to pre-
vent that, and she paid that particular force
for that particular service and then she asked
Congress to pay it back. It was paid. It was
paid a long tirne before a good many other
claims arising in that war were paid, very long
before. Why, sir, as young a man as I am
myself I recollect when I was a member of
the House of Representatives to have pre-
sented a claim for an old gentleman whose
vessel had been taken under such circumstances
that Congress had to pay for it, and yet nobody
thought of paying him interest.
He was a young man in command of his
vessel upon the Delaware when it was taken
from him, and he was left without the means
of support almost, except his hands; and when
it was paid he was old and gray and blind, and
Congress never thought of payinghiminterest;
and when it was asked the slave power, as the
Senator says controlling Congress at that time,
would not listen to him. He lived in Indiana,
and it never occurred to him that it was the
slave power that was opposed to the blind, gray-
headed old man who did not get interest. Why ?
Upon the theory that the Government of the
United States is always ready to pay when a
claim is established to the satisfaction of its
conscience. When did Massachusetts present
her claim in such form as that it could not be
questioned any longer? Was it before 1820?
It seems that in 1820 she presented it in such a
shape that there was a partial allowance made.
Did Massachusetts in 1820 present the claim so
as that the conscience of the Government was
in default in not paying the whole ? Then in
1836 some additional evidence was presented
and additional payment was made ; and then
in 1859 a final allowance, when the State hav-
ing presented all the evidence she could pro-
duce received the money from the Government
upon a declaration that it is the last payment
that is to be made. But that is a mistake. It
is not the last. The Senator says he will not
stop at all. Why did he allow that to go into
the law and into the reports that this is upon the
balance, the final payment ? He did not intend
it I suppose. Now, the truth of the business
is that m 1820 the State of Massachusetts pre-
sented her evidence as well as she could, I
suppose, and she was paid according to the
claim then established; in 1836 she added to her
evidence, I suppose, and she was paid accord-
ing to the claim as then presented.
Mr. MORTON. I inquire of my colleague
if there was anything in that appropriation
bill saying that this is in payment and discharge
of the debt. Was that language used ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. As read by the Sen-
ator from Ohio I observed it. I have not read
that appropriation bill myself.
Mr. MORTON. I ask whether the appro-
priation bill contained a declaration that this
was in final discharge and payment of the
whole debt?
Mr. SHERMAN. It refers to the report of
Mr. Poinsett.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear that.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of my
friend I will read it. I do not want to take
time. The language of the law refers to the
report of Mr. Poinsett. I will read that, for it
is only a few lines :
Department or War, December 23,1837.
Sir : In compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives of March, 1836, X have examined
the claims of the State of Massachusetts for militia,
services and expenditures during the late war with
Great Britain, and have now the honor to report:
The original amount of these claims was $843,349 00,
whieh, by a payment of $11,000 in 1S17 and one of
$419,748 26, in 1831, was reduced to ?412,601 31, whieh
is still claimed, Of this sum it appears, upon apply-
ing the same principles which have governed this
Department in the settlement of similar claims made
by other States, there will be due $272,71614. of whieh
$45,539 66, being (or arms and accouterments pur-
chased by tho State, arms, &c., to the value of that
amount must bo charged to the State and be with-
held from its quota, under the act of 1808, for arming
and equipping the militia. And all war like stores
remaining in the State, whieh are paid for by the
General Government, must ho delivered up te the
possession and use of the United States.
Very respectfully, your most obedient servait,
„ T _ J- £• POINSEtT.
Hon. James K. Polk.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
The sum there found due has been paid
•under the act of 1859.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes; but I wish to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio whether he has at
hand the statute making the appropriation for
the payment of that balance. I have not got
it at hand. I would thank him to read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read it. It is the
act of 18-50:
"And be it further enacted. That for the purpose of
executing aresolution approved May 14,1836, entitled
'A resolution to authorize the Secretary of War to
receive additional evidence in support of the claims
of Massachusetts and other States of the United
States for disbursements, services, &c., during the
late war,' the Secretary of the Treasury be. andhe is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Massachu-
setts out, of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated the sum of $227,176 48, reported under
saidresolution to be due to such State by J. R. Poin-
sett, late Secretary of War, in a, report dated the 23d
of December, 1837, made to the House of Representa-
tives the 27th day of December, 1837: Provided, That
in lieu of payment in money tho Secretary of the
Treasury may in his discretion issue bonds," &o.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, before he proceeds, to let
me remind him that beside the import of that
act in extinguishing this claim it is obvious
that there is no reservation of interest; and I
remind the honorable Senator that that is the
legal question here, whether when the principal
was received the claimant reserved any right
to demand interest. As I understand the law
unless that was done whatever be the terms of
the payment the interest is estopped.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is the rule
between individuals.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the request of the Sen-
ator from Indiana I will read the report of
Mr. Wilson, the Third Auditor, who states in
his letter of June 28, 1866 :
" It does not appear by either of the settlements
(copies of which I hand herewith) that any interest
was allowed, nor is there any evidence on file in this
office that any demand was made by the State for
interest."
This was years after the last payment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, Mr. President,
until four years since there was no claim urged
by the State of Massachusetts for interest; but
she received the money as it was appropriated
by Congress, upon a statement made by the
Secretary of War and referred to by the law,
that that was the balance of the claim. The
one side, that is, the Government, in her legis-
lation and by her Department ascertains that
this is the balance; and the State accepting
it upon that statement, in my judgment, is not
now in a condition to demand interest.
But, Mr. President, this law of 1859 shows
the fact to have been as I supposed it to be,
that in 1820 the State of Massachusetts was not
in a condition to demand all that was due to
her from the Government; in other words, she
had not presented herclaim to Congress in such
form as satisfied the conscience of Congress
that this payment ought to be made ; so that
in 1836 there was a resolution passed author-
izing the State of Massachusetts to present
evidence in support of her claim. Up to that
time she had not presented evidence. I ask
the Senator from Massachusetts if the Govern-
ment of the United States is under any moral
obligation to pay interest to a State or any
other body or person until that person or State
is in a condition ts demand the money? If the
accounts of the State when presented are not
supported by such evidence as makes it the
duty of the public officers to pay the money is
the Government in default? This was service
rendered peculiarly under the eye of Massa-
chusetts. This military service was not under
the control and management of the officers of
the United States, but it was her own militia
upon her own pay-rolls, as I suppose, and it
was for her, if she had a claim against the Gov-
