$84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
in that? Howlongcau we.expectto maintain a
democratic form of government if we determ-
ine that such unjust' distinctions shall con-
tinue to exist ? Even the man whose parri-
cidal hand has been raised for the destruction
of the Government that'has nurtured and pro-
teeted him niafy forswear his crime and bo re-
ceived into' full felldwship in the political fold,
reinvested with all the political privileges and
prerogatives which his'treason had forfeited;
yet the man who bared his breast to the blows
of that same traitor far the preservation of a
Government whose entire enginery had been
used to rivet the chains of servitude upon him
is told to stand back, thkt this is a white man's
Government; that he is of too dark a hue to
be safely intrusted with the exercise of those
rights for which'hfe spilled so much of his
blood, as precious to him as ours is to us.
During the war we were all very glad to
witness the alacrity with which the negroes
flocked to oar standard. He was deemed good
enough to stand shoulder to shoulder with us
on the bloody field, but now that the time of
trial is past too many are prone to forget the
lesson learned in the hour of danger, and to
concliide that the negro, though good enough
to die for liberty, is far too inferior a being to
enjoy its .fall blessings now that it is perma-
nently Von. ' What encouragement do we give
to his patriotic Impulses by such a coarse?
We cannot expect to enjoy a perpetual immu-
nity from war; and with a race in our midst
numbering many millions thrust back from the
enjoyment of rights which it has fairly earned,
and which every consideration of justice and
even expediency prompts us to accord, told
that they are good enough to fight but not
good enough to Vote, where may we look for
that splendid reserve corps in an hour of trial
like the last?
If we would strengthen the nation in the
arts of war or of peace we must foster and
encourage every element within it that is cal-
culated to yield strength. We must concede
to the negro race that which it has so signally
earned By its services in the field, by its mod-
eration in victory, and its commendable ambi-
tion displayed in its efforts for intellectual
advancement. We must confess its rights and
claimsupon us, as the dominant race, by reason
of its common origin, common interests, and
common humanity.
It is objected that tho passage of this reso-
lution would be an act of bad faith toward the
States; that tjie issue of negro suffrage was
not made in the election of the members of
the several Legislatures which will be called to
act upon it, and therefore that it should be
postponed until that issue can be tried before
the people in some future election of their
State Legislatures. Gentlemen forget that this
has been a standing issue in every State of the
Union for tho past three years; that it has been
actively and everywhere discussed during that
time. It has been voted upon in several States,
and already adopted in two.
There is another point, Mr. President, which
gentlemen forget, in speaking of the observ-
ance of good faith. It may be a pertinent
inquiry whether we have kept faith with the
negro in this matter. Has he not, after all,
more to complain of than anybody else, in the
continued deprivation by the States of a right,
privilege, or immunity, whichever you choose
to call it, guarantied to him in the most solemn
and binding form by the Constitution itself?
Personal liberty is of little moment to him
without the power to maintain it by the ballot.
In ten States, in the District of Columbia, and
in the Territories we have decreed to him the
ballot. Are not his rights as sacred in all the
other States as in these ten ? Is he any less a
man in those ten States than in the others whose
representatives here have enacted him a voter
there ? Every man who voted for the enact-
ment of negro suffrage in those ten States and
the lerritories stultifies himself unless he also
votes to enact it in his own State. His enfran-
ehisement in the South was an implied pledge,
at least so regarded by me at the time, giveti' in
the name and with the approbation of the
people we represent, that the same thing should
be done everywhere under the jurisdiction of
the Federal Government. That pledge yet
stands unredeemed, and the people of the
States now withholding this right should be the
last to complain of bad faith in' the adoption
of the pending proposition.
It is objected, also, that the proposition is
centralizing in its. tendency; that the investi-'
ture of Congress with power over suffrage in
the States will disturb the equilibrium subsist-
ing between the State's and the General Govern-
ment and result in the absorption by the latter
ofprerogatives properly belonging to the former
thus endangering the cardinal principles of
republicanism underlying our political system.
I cannot but regard ground for this appehen-
sion as exceedingly remote. In my judgment
the greatest dang«r that our system of govern-
ment ever has or ever will be called upon to
meet is not centralization, but the reverse;
that it is upon diffusion, and not upon any prob-
able concentration in'the central Government
of political power that we may look with appre-
hension in our political future.
Mr. President, I am not a friend of the prin-
ciple of decentralization, as it is termed—I call
it disintegration—which for so many years
characterized our form of government. One
of the inevitable sequences of our great civil
war was the demonstration of the necessity for
a strong, centralized Government, such as we
never had, and such as Washington, and Ham-
ilton, and many of the fathers contended for—a
Government able to act promptly and effect-
ively when assailed from within or without; a
Government able to protect itself against all
contingencies, near or remote, liable to threaten
its existence or embarrassment.
Decentralization under the specious guise of
State rights and State sovereignty was implanted
in our ibrms against the judgment of some of
the wisest men of our formative period. The
people and statesmen of that day proceeded to
the erection of a political fabric smarting
under tho burning wrongs they and their fathers
had endured under the crushing tyrannies of
the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, and
it is not surprising that the tendency of public
sentiment should have forced the framers of
the Government toward the other extreme
and approximated that decentralization which
brought anarchy upon the ancient republics,
and will bring anarchy upon all republics which
fail to maintain in the central powertho ability
to protect not only itself, but also the source
of its power, the individual; for as every indi-
vidual is a component part of the Government,
with whose consent only that Government
exists, so the more completely the individual
is protected in all his rights the more perma-
nent and enduring becomes the central and
supreme political power of the country.
To illustrate : our Government is based upon
the confessed theory that the citizen is the sover-
eign source of all political power; that in sub-
mitting to the restraints of law and yielding his
adhesion to established forms of government
he does so upon the express condition that in
the enjoyment of the rights he does not sur-
render he shall be protected and made more
secure by that Government. But how is it
with tho dearest of all his rights, the right of
suffrage—the right of one man to be in all
respects politically the peer of another? Tho
Constitution guaranties that there shall be no
infringement of individual rights by the States.
Is that guarantee regarded by the States or
enforced by the General Government? Cer-
tainly it will not be contended that it is while
one third of the citizens of the southern States
are denied the rights of citizens of many of the
northern States, or while one of the States of
the Union ejects from office persons whose
right to official position is undisputed in many
others, or while Massachusetts requires the cit-
izpn of Illinois to possess a prescribed degree
of education before she will admit him to her
polls, or while New York compels the voter
in Iowa and Minnesota to show a fixed amount
of real property before he is allowed to vote
under her laws.
These irregularities existing, who is to be
the umpire between the several States for the
settlement of controversies which are liable to
arise out of them ? Who is to stand as the
champion of the individual and enforce the
guarantees of the Constitution in his behalf as
against the so-called sovereignty of the States?
Clearly no power but that of the central Gov-
ernment is or can - be competent for their
adjustment, and it is equally clear that unless
that power may be enforced by the central
Government; that Government fails of the ob-
ject of its institution and develops within itself
the seeds of its own disintegration ; for when
Government fails to protect the individual in
any of his rights, it forfeits to the degree of that
failure its claim upon his allegiance and sup-
port. This may be the direct and legitimate
result of withholding from the General Gov-
ernmentthe very power which itis now proposed
to assert, and which is opposed from appre-
hension of a centralization of political power
in the Federal Government. .
It is, of course, impossible to say what would'
have been the effect of a larger investiutre of
power in the Government at the formation
of the Constitution; but this much is clear,
that all the political disturbances of the coun-
try from that day to this have been the fruit,
more or less directly, of the decentralizing
policy which obtained in the Convention.
Tried in the fiery crucible of civil war, that
principle has been divested of much that gave
it weight in the minds of the early patriots, and
its unsoundness in theory and dangerousness in
practice most fearfully demonstrated. It had
its origin in the lied Republicanism of revolu-
tionary Prance ; transplanted to our shores, it
■was fostered in nullification, and reached full-
growtij perfect development in treason and
rebellion.
Under the crucial tests of that rebellion
our system has been largely divested of the
alloy which found a lodgment through the pre-
judices and honest fears of its framers. We
have practically ceased to be a confederacy,
and have become essentially a nation. That
loose, undefined, and hybird sovereignty which
was once supposed to reside in the General
Government, but which was the constant prey
of another sovereignty supposed to reside in
the States, has given way in the popular mind to
a well-defined, compact, and undisputed juris-
diction on the part of the General Government
over all questions involving the political status
and political rights of the individual—to a
popular confession of all powers in that Gov-
ernment requisite for its own protection and
maintenance or for the protection of all its
citizens.
Thus it is that that gigantic rebellion, before
whose awful front the stoutest hearts quailed
and the firmest lips grew pale, has been over-
ruled to a far higher purpose than many had
dreamed of. That purpose was not the mere
confounding of the malcontents who for a gen-
eration had been plotting the destruction of the
Republic, not merely to demonstrate to the
world the vitality and effectiveness of the re-
publican principle of government, but to crys-
tallize and solidify us into a complete, compact
nationality, the medium of amore enlarged and
perfect liberty than any nation or race hail
hitherto enjoyed. It has demonstrated the fact
that the power and usefulness of human gov-
ernment rests, after all, with the people, not
with a part of the people, not with any dis-
tinctive race or class which may happen to pre-
dominate, but with all the people; that no part,
owing allegiance to the Government and sub-
ject to its laws can be denied a fair and equal
participation in the exercise of its functions
without detracting from its efficiency and en-
dangering its perpetuity.
It is this lesson, evolved from the teachings
of the last eventful decade, which has given
such stimulus to the project of enfranchisement
throughout the country. It is this which has
forced the conviction upon- the minds of so
