32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
do also ratify the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
as provided by your existing laws, a great
result will have been attained. And I beg leave
to say advisedly, having read the constitution
presented to the people of Virginia for their
ratification, that from the day of the first
attempt to establish republican government on
this continent to this hour a more truly repub-
lican form of government has never been
adopted by the people of any State. I am -will-
ing to risk it, and I ask, therefore, that the House
will respond to the action of the Committee on
Reconstruction—to its unanimous action, as it
gwes me pleasure to say—and let the people
of Virginia have an opportunity to speak, and
to speak at an early day.
Mr. BROOKS rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to my col-
league on the Committee oil Reconstruction.
Perhaps I ought not to have said what I' did
just now.
Mr. BROOKS. I should not have risen to
say a word on this subject if the gentleman
had not made that lemaik.
Mr. BINGHAM. I repeat that perhaps I
ought not to have said it.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish it to be un-
derstood that we approve of everything in
which we are constrained to acquiesce. 1 am
not blind to the course of events. For exam-
ple, I am conscious, sir, that the popular voice
by a large majority has declared in favor of
your removal from this Hall to another branch
of the Government. I am not insensible to
existing events. I acquiesce frequently in
what 1 do not approve.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am thankful to the gen-
tleman for the correction. It would have
given me pain to have stood on the record as
misrepresenting anything. But the gentleman
is kind enough to say that ho acquiesced, and
that is all that I meant. I did not think there
was any opposition to the measure; and, in-
deed, 1 did not think there could well be any
opposition.
Mr. KLil)RIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire what he meant by saying that
certain States were in revolution—"nothing
less than revolution?"
Mr. BINGHAM. I thought I had made
myself understood ; but I will state the propo-
sition again.
Mr. KLDRIDGK. What I wish to under-
stand is, whether the gentleman meant to say
that if the States to which this constitutional
amendment was submitted should, acting ac-
cording to their own judgment, reject that
amendment, it. would he an act of revolution?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. If the gentle-
man had attended to my words—perhaps they
were not important enough to demand his
attention—he would have understood me ; for
I generally make myself understood. And I
venture to say here now that when the question
is broadly made before the American people—
and if this movement goes on it will inevitably
be made before that people, the only tribunal
on earth that can decide it finally—whether
any State that undertakes to repeal its action
upon an amendment of the Constitution after
the Legislatures of three fourths of the sev-
eral States have ratified it, is guilty of revolu-
tionary action, the people will, by an over-
whelming majority, declare that such action is
revolutionary. And to make myself fully under-
stood, J desire to say that before the action of
Oregon in September last, professing to repeal
the ratification theretofore given by the people
of that State, through their Legislature, to the
fourteenth article of the amendments, three
fourths, and more than three fourths, of the
States of this Union had solemnly ratified that
m tide, and the fact had been proclaimed by the
Secretary of State. This aet of ratification on
the partof those Legislatures, resting upon the
proposition ot two thirds of the Congress of the
United States, is what the Constitution itself de-
clares to be an aet of amendment of the Consti-
tution. The subsequent action of the Congress
of the United States is no part of the act of
amendment. It is simply the solemn authentica-
tion, under the great seal of this country, of what
the people of the country have done. It puts
an end to all inquiry ; it silences all challenge ;
it concludes all courts ; it concludes everybody
until the people, in the mode prescribed by the
Constitution, shall hereafter reverse their own
solemn action. That is what I meant. I say
that Oregon, by the act to which I have referred,
is guilty of revolution. Suppose that every
State of the Union should imitate that bad\
example. It might he done in regard to not
only the fourteenth article but the thirteenth,
and, the twelve preceding articles of amend-
nmet. That is no way to change the Constitu-
tion of the country. It is not authorized by the
fundamental law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is, at all events, a way
to prevent a change.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; it is no way to
prevent a change. Such a proceeding is for-
bidden by the Constitution. It is an aet of
revolution ; it is a step toward anarchy; and
for one 1 desire to hasten such action on the
part of the people of Virginia as, by the aid of
this House, will result in putting an end there-
after to any further controversy about this
question. That is one .reason I desire to see
this bill passed, and passed speedily, so that we
may have an end of this strife. If the people
oftlie United States desire to repeal that amend-
ment, they know how to do it in the mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution. Let them send
here a Congress that will, by a two-thirds vote,
propose to the Legislatures of the several States
an amendment repealing the fourteenth article,
and let three fourths of those Legislatures ratify
the amendment. But let us at least have some
decent regard to the substance as well as to the
forms prescribed by the Constitution of the
country. And in making this remark I cast no
reflection upon any gentleman on this floor, for
nothing has dropped from the lips of one of
them to indicate any purpose to recommend any
reverse action on the part of the Legislature of
any State after three fourths of the States have
solemnly ratified an amendment to the Consti-
tution.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will my colleague
yield?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to ask my col-
league, so far as the attempted ratification of
the Legislature of Ohio is concerned, whether
that was a consummate act until the certificate
of the Secretary of State of the United States
was furnished according to law?
Mr. BINGHAM. Undoubtedly it was, if
the gentleman means by that the certificate of
the Secretary of Stale to the public at large, for
the reason that the Secretary of State is but
the registrar of the people of the United States
speaking through Congress. What he did he
did under the requirement of the aet of 1818,
if I recollect right, and the legislative power
that conferred that authority upon him con-
ferred it upon him as a mere registrar. What
he has certified to is only an authentication of
what has been done. The point I desire my
colleague to notice is that the certificate of the
Secretary of State under the existing law is no
act toward the ratification of an amendment to
the Constitution, because the Constitution of
the United States concludes the whole matter.
It simply declares that the presentation by way
of proposition of an amendment to the Consti-
tution by the vote of two thirds of the Congress
shall be to all intents and purposes a part of
the Constitution when ratified by the votes of
the Legislatures of three fourths of the States
of the Union. That is what the Constitution
says, and that ends the argument.
.Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask my colleague
whether, from the time of the ratification of the
proposed amendment up to the time of the
issue of the Secretary of State, under the broad
seal of the United States, the whole subject of
ratification is not in lucus penilentice 1
Mr. BINGIIAM. Not at all. The point I
made is—and that was the significance of my
remark before—that until there is an authorita-
tive authentication of theainendment, it may be
challenged in your courts; but if it is authori-
tatively authenticated, either by a direct act of
Congress or under the seal of existing law, no
court can challenge it at all. A court can no
more challenge an authenticated act—the fact,
in other words, of the ratification as certified
to the courts under existing law—than it can
challenge the fact of an act of the Congress of
the United States. The courts cannot sit in
judgment upon the question at all. It is no
"part of their duty. It is not within their juris-
diction, and it is just precisely because of the
necessity of putting an end to what is goin" on
in this country, everybody setting himself up
in judgment upon the great people and assail-
ing the amendment to the Constitution, that I
desire this action of Virginia. It will put an
end to the controversy when put in connection
with the subsequent action of this House. That
is what I want done. I do not admit, by any-
thing I have said, that the action of Ohio, New
Jersey, and Oregon is valid. I think it is revo-
lutionary. But I desire to put an end to these
revolutionary movements and to give quiet and
peace to this great people. I yield to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Faknswokth,]
who desires to make some remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman from Ohio withdraw his demand
for the previous question, and permit me to
offer the amendment I indicated, so that the
House may pass upon it.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. No previous ques-
tion is now pending.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will allow the gentle-
man to offer his amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is still speaking, but he has a right to demand
the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I allow the gentleman to
offer his amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment to sub-
stitute the fourth Thursday in May for the time
named in the bill will then be considered as
pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I can
state in one minute, I think, the reasons which
control my judgment and persuade me to favor
this bill. 1 think we ought to order an elec-
tion in the State of Virginia before this Con-
gress adjourns, so that if the constitution is
not adopted, such action may be taken by Con-
gress as may be needful in the premises. It
is said to be doubtful whether the people of
Virginia will adopt this constitution or not.
If they do adopt the constitution it matters not
whether the election is held in winter or in
summer. If they do not adopt the constitu-
tion we ought to know it before Congress
adjourns, in order that further legislation may
be had. It is the opinion of the committees
from the State of Virginia who have had this
matter in charge that the people of the State
will adopt the constitution by a large majority.
I believe that is the prevailing opinion of the
committees which have communicated with
the Committee pn Reconstruction of this House.
This controls my judgment and convinces me
that we ought to order an election during the
winter. If they do not adopt the constitution,
we will then take such further steps as are
necessary, and which steps ought to be taken,
in order to reconstruct and bring this Stale
into its former relations with the Union. We
have left it out long enough. The people
there require reconstruction and order. They
want peace and prosperity, and the sooner the
election is held the better. This is all I desire
to say upon the question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield now to the gen •
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] for
five miuutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to call the attention of the
House to one or two facts in connection with
this bill which may influence our actions, but
principally as to the time of the election. By
its provisions the election is to be held witlnn
twenty days of the time when, by the usage of
Virginia, contracts are made for labor during
