1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
the year, and when those contracts, as a means
of coercirg the votes of the laboring classes,
ave most potent. It is to beiujld at a season
of the year when, if men will not make con-
tracts, it is in the gower of the land owners to
starve them without injury to themselves. It
is to be held at a time when we have no cer-
tainty fit all of the cooperation of the Execu-
tive iii restoring (jr'maintaining order or pun-
ishing Violence. It'is to be held at s, time when
we'have iio'assurance but what the scenes ac-
companying the late elections in Louisiana arid
Georgia, and of Texas, Arkansas, and Missis-
sippi, will be reenacted.
Now, I would like to offer an amendment
providing that the election'shall be held on the
fourth Thursday in May, the usual day of elec-
tions in Virginia. - At. that time if men are
turned away from employment because of their
votes they can live in spite of the land-owners
who may attempt to control them. At that
time we shall have an Executive that will sup-
port law and order. At that time we shall have
the power, which we have not now, of punish-
ing murder and riot. At that time we can
insure the people of Virginia, the loyal men
of Virginia, what they never yet have had, at
least since 1860, afree and fair election. While
I concur in all that comes from the Committee
on Reconstruction in regard to the details of the
bill, yet I believe, for the reasons that I have
assigned, the judgment of the House will agree
to a further postponement of the election. I
have no special desire for one day more than
another, except to get the election into the nex;t
Administration and out of the inclement season
of the winter. I propose, therefore, to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbcrjte] by inserting "the fourth
'Thursday in May," the day on which the peo-
ple of Virginia, in 18(51, voted an acceptance
of the ordinance of secession; and there may
be some significance in the anniversary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If tlie gen-
tleman will permit me, 1 will state that I indi-
cated the second Tuesdayin April, as being a
time subsequent to the!4th of'March. I do not
know but that the time which the gentleman
from Massachusetts suggests is a "better time.
I am not particular about that ; but I do think
that to order this election on the 20th of Janu-
ary is to throw the State inevitably into the
hands of the other side; and there will be not
a single man elected from Virginia who will
not be opposed to the reconstruction acts and
everything connected with them; and if the
negroes should attempt to vote under all the
difficulties which tlie gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has stated, you will see such another
scene of blood and violence and terrorism
as the country witnessed with indignation in
Georgia and Louisiana and Arkansas and other
States. It is our duty, then, for the protec-
tion of those colored men to whom wo have
given the ballot, to fix the election at a time
when the strong arm of a loyal Administration
will protect them. I will now modify my
amendment so as to make the day the " fourth
Thursday in May."
Mr. BINGHAM. I now-yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio' [Mr. Bingham] to accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. WASHurnxE] as he has modified it?
Mr. BINGHAM. No. I do not accept it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot accept any amendment to the bill under
consideration, it having been reported from a
committee.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I have a word to say,
and to express a hope that the House 'will
adopt that amendment. We need go no fur-
ther than the State of Georgia, which I want
to hold up as an example to this House, to
learn that we here, in the name of the United
States, must secure to the citizens of African
descent in the States to be reconstructed their
rights, or they will be withheld from them.
To fix the election in Virginia at the time
40TH COXR. 3D SESS.— NO. 3.
designated by this bill, as the gentleman from J
Illinois [Mr. Washbuiixe] has just said, would
be to invite another series of massacres such j
as have disgraced Louisiana, Arkansas, and j
Texas, and another piece of political chicanery i
such as disgraced the partially-reconstructed
State of Georgia. This election, should be set
at a time vyjien tlio services of the. colored
laborer are of value to his employer; not in
the winter, when they can be turned off tem-
porarily with a threat of permanent discharge,
without, detriment to the interests of the em-
ployer. We should throw around them every
guard that, we can, and not toss them as vic-
tims before their oppressors and betrayers.
The conduct of the Republicans in the Legis-
lature of Georgia has made me doubtful of
those who claim to be the friends of recon-
struction in that State ; and I am glad to have
this early and brief opportunity of holding up
to obloquy, and as a warning to the Repub-
licans of this House, the treachery of the Re-
publican leaders of Georgia, in order that we
may guard the freedmen of Virginia against
such treachery in that State, and give them a
chance to vote freely and fairly. That done,
let them exercise their rights as men, and I
care not, when it is of their own choice that
they do it, with which political party they may
act.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutweu.,]
my colleague ou the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Iam sorry to be obliged
to confess that having ventured into Pcnnsj 1-
vatlia, evening before last, I was not able to
return in season for the meeting of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction this morning. I can-
not, however, neglect to say to the House, that
for the moment, without further information
than I now possess, [ regret that this bill lias
been reported.
It will be remembered that on Monday last
the Committee on Reconstruction was charged
to inquire into the condition of public affairs in
the States of Georgia, Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas. After the experience we have had
in regard to Georgia I think it would be better
to defer any positive action in regard to either of
the three Stales not now represented here until
the committee has completed the inquiry with
which it has been charged by the House. For
myself I consider that the action we took in
regard to the State of Georgia was a mistake.
We have beyond all question put the loyal peo-
ple of that State into the custody of the rebels.
I am not inclined, after this experience, to
pursue the same policy in regard to the remain-
ing unreconstructed States until we have an
assurance on which we can rely that when
those States shall have been reconstructed and
admitted to representation in Congress polit-
ical power can be kept in the hands of the loyal
people of those States.
What measures may be necessary in regard
to either or all of those three States 1 cannot
now say. But if the Committee on Recon-
struction is to inquire into the condition of
public affairs in those States, it is for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether they are lit to be
reoresented in Congress. In my judgment that
is'a question which depends upoir the fact
whether the majority of the people there are
loyal, and whether the peace can be preserved
so that the loyal people of those States can
exercise their political rights. Manifestly it, is
of no consequence that a majority of the people
are loyal it' that majority is to be intimidated
or coerced or the expression of their will pre-
vented.
I am very clear that nothing should be done
looking to the reconstruction of these States
through the action of the people until we have
an Administration here which will use the
powers of* the Government to enablo^tlie loyal
people to exercise their rights. Therefore,
if pressed to a vote this morning, I am
in "favor of the amendment. But without
knowing what considerations may have been
urged upon the committee this morning, I wish
they could see their .way clear to asV the
House to recommit the bill until these investi-
gations have been carried so far as to enable
the committee to have an opinion based upon
the results of the inquiry witli which the
House has already charged them. 1 do- not
make any ra'otiou to recommit, but I wish that
the gentleman having charge of tke bill would
submit such a motion.
Mr. BINGfiAM resumed the floor.
message 17r0m tub senate.
A message from the Senate, Iiy 'Mr. Ham-
lin, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed art act (S. No. 658) to relieve
from disabilities Francis J. Moses, a citizen
of South Carolina; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
president's annual message.
Mr. William G. Mookl', Private Secretary
of the President of the United States, being
introduced, presented the annual message of
the President.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T hope
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgiiam,] who
holds possession of the floor, will give way and
allow the message to be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has twenty five minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to allow the mes-
sage to be read.
The Clerk read the annual message of the
President of the United States. [It will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. , I move
that the message be laid oti the table and
printed. I suppose that upon the motion to
print discussion is in order; but I do not, intend
to avail myself of that privilege to-day, except
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the motion to lay on tlie table would make the
whole proposition undebatable. If that motion
be withdrawn, the question of printing will be
open for debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ,1 with-
draw, then, the motion to lay on the table, and
make simply the motion to print,. I will say
to my friend from Ohio, [Mr. BtMHAM.] who is
entitled to the floor on the bill pending when
the message came in, that I propose to occupy
only a moment. 1 desire merely to call the
attention of the House and the country to that
portion of the President's message on pages
11 and 12 of the pamphlet copy, in regard to
the various plans proposed for the payment of
the public debt. I consider the proposition
there recommended by the President of the
United States plain, undisguised repudiation ;
and, for one, I wish to take the earliest oppor-
tunity to enter my emphatic protest against it,
and to denounce it as a disgrace to the country
and to the Chief Magistrate who has sent in
this message.
Mr. GARFIELD. Willthegentlemanallow
me t,o offer a resolution?
Mr. BINGllAM. 1 hope we shall go on
with the bill which was under consideration
when this message came in.
The SPEAKER. Tlie gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washiut.ne] is entitled to thefloor,
and the pending motion is the motion to print
the message.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _I yield
lo the gentleman from Pennsylvania _ [Mr.
Broomalt.] that be may offer his resolution.
Mr. WOOD. [ rise to a question of oider.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] I
believe, had the floor, and I submit that he
cannot, be taken from it in this manner without
his consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, but it is not applicable to the
present, case. The gentleman from Ohio was
upon the floor, and could not have been taken
from it, without hW consent even by the Presi-
dent's message. P>ut he voluntarily surren-
dered the floor that the message might be read,
and it is now before the House.
