986
THE: GONGBESSION'AL GLOBE.
February 8,
now enjoying, under an act of Congress and
under an amendment of the Constitution ofthe
United States the rights of citizens of the
United States. We have made them such.
"Whether it be for their benefit or our benefit,
for their disadvantage or our disadvantage, the
fact has become fixed ; they are free and are
citizens ofthe United States, endowed with all
the civil rights which belong to white men who
are citizens of the United* States, and the only
question now before us and before the country
in reference to them is, shall they not only be
•allowed their civil rights, but shall they for all
future time'find in the Constitution of their
country'a guarantee of their political rights as
citizens and as political equals with you and
me?
Sir, it is impossible in the very nature of things
that so large aportion of citizens of the United
States as the black portion now are can for any
considerable length of time remain in our midst
without enjoying the right of suffrage. That
•would be a great anomaly in our condition. It
would be a state of things entirely inconsistent
with the genius and mild, beneficent, demo-
cratic spirit of our Government. Sir, if they
are to remain citizens of the United States, to
have the right of eating the bread which they
earn, of having a title to the clothes which they
earn; if tliey are to be permitted to purchase
houses and lands, to become fathers and moth-
ers, with all the domestic rights which pertain
to that condition belonging to them, we must
sooner or later see to it that they are citizens
possessed of the right to vote and to be repre-
sented in the legislative bodies who have con-
trol of their persons and their property. Upon
the principle of republican government they
are entitled thus to be represented ; and it will
be impossible for the American people, how-
ever strong maybe the spirit of caste, however
odious the black man may be in the eyes of
some of our fellow-citizens—it will be utterly
impossible to continue this black race in a state
of pupilage, of inferiority in respect to political
rights for any considerable length of time; and
I think, therefore, for their security, for our own
security, as an act of justice to them and of
security and strength to the Union itself, and
the glory of the American people, this thing
ought to be done, and I am prepared to vote
for it.
Mr. President, much has been said against
the present proposition being made at the
present time. We are told that this proposition
has been suddenly and unexpectedly sprung
upon the country; that it has not been a sub-
ject of discussion, and was not at the last pres-
idential canvass. Well, sir, I recollect very
well that another measure of considerable im-
portance at least was sprung upon the country
without any previous discussion. 1 do not
think, however, that this proposition has thus
been sprung, or that it is a surprise upon the
people of the United States by any means.
Certainly the Democratic party cannot make
any such complaint against the .Republican
party. They remember too well the Kansas-
Nebraska act, which was passed in the month
of May, 1854—a measure that was taken up
suddenly, discussed but briefly in Congress,
as to which there had been no advice given
beforehand to the country, and for which the
public was utterly unprepared; and that, the
most important measure that had passed Con-
gress for many and many a year, was thrust
through both Houses of Congress and became
a law without having been previously discussed
at theprimary meetings of even the Democratic
party.^ I think that party has suffered some-
what in consequence of practising that surprise
upon the country.
But, sir, it is said that this measure is not
admissible under the Chicago platform, and
that the whole Republican party represented,
as it is properly supposed to have been, arc
estopped in pais, I suppose, as^he lawyers say,
from urging it upon the consideration of Con-
gress, and the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, in bis zeal and fervor to make a strong
point upon the Republican party ia that regard,
called our attention very fervidly, very em-
phatically, to the language of that platform. I
think myself'ifhe will reread that portion of the
platform upon which he made comments so
severe, I will not say offensive, he will discover
that there was no ground whatever for the cen-
sure which he threw out upon that convention
and upon the Republican party. He told the
country in emphatic tones that that party, if it
should adopt this amendment of the Constitu-
tion, would beguilty of perfidy, under the weight
and disgrace of which they could not endure.
I do not profess to repeat his language, but
such was the substance of it—that it was a de-
sertion of the platform and the principles of
the platform. Now, sir, what does the plat-
form say? The second article of the platform
is in the following words:
"The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to
all loyal men at the South"—
That is, to the colored men at the South, of
course, for they were loyal. The honorable
Senator will confess that—
"was demanded by every consideration of public
safety, of gratitude and of justice, and must be main-
tained."
That is, the guarantee by Congress of equal
suffrage to all loyal men at the South. What
are we endeavoring to- do here by this very
amendment now under discussion but to carry
out that same principle of guarantying to all
loyal men at the South as well as at the North
the principle of equal rights ?
" While," proceeds the article, "the ques-
tion of suffrage in all the loyal States properly
belongs to the people of those States."
Certainly, Mr. President, it belonged to the
people of the loyal States, but it did not belong
to the people of the States recently in rebel-
lion. The question of suffrage, so far as the
rebel States were concerned, had passed from
them, and had by forfeiture, produced by re-
bellion, attached itself to the Congress of the
United States, whose duty it was to deal with
that question as to the rebel States according
to the principles of justice.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President 
Mr, HOWARD. The Senator will excuse
me.
Mr. NORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Michigan a question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan does not yield.
Mr. IIOW ARD. 1 have no objection, if the
Senator from Minnesota wishes to put a ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan yields the floor.
Air. NORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Michigan if the intention, the meaning
of that platform was that suffrage in the loyal
States was merely a question of propriety or
of right; whether it properly as a matter of
propriety belonged to them or belonged to them
as a matter of right ?
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, the
honorable Senator has got a little ahead of the
game, and if he had not been so impatient and
allowed me to proceed with my remarks I
possibly might have given him an answer. I
will endeavor to do so now:
" While the question of suffrage in the loyal States
properly belongs to the people of those States."
Does anybody doubt it? Did anybody ever
doubt it? It properly belonged to those States
because the Constitution ofthe United States,
which was in full force as to the loyal States,
recognized it as one of the reserved rights of
the States at that time. And it not only prop-
erly belonged to the people of the loyal States
at that time, but constitutionally belonged to
them'. There is no doubt about that. Why,
then, do we hear so much said about the per-
fidy of the .Republican party in now seekifig to
make an amendment by which suffrage shall be
regulated in the various States? The quibble
turns upon the little word " properly," which
was plainly, taken in connection with its con-
text, used in the sense of " constitutionally."
That was all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator has just
now said" that no one ever questioned that that
was the proper construction of it, and that of
right under the Constitution, as it then was and
still is, the right to regulate suffrage exclusively
belongs to the States. I think the Senator ia
mistaken in saying that no one doubted that.
I think one of the most distinguished of his
party, the Senator from Massachusetts, does
hold that Congress, for the northern as well
as the southern States, can regulate suffrage.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator refer to
me?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I have never taken the
ground which the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Frelingiujysen] this morning undertook
to answer, nor the ground attributed to me now
by the Senatorfrom Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.]
I have never raised the question whether a
State had the power to regulate the suffrage
or not; but I insist that under the Constitution
ofthe United States, conceding to every State
the power to regulate the suffrage, there is no
power to establish an oligarchy of the skin;
and I say that to claim such a power for a
State, merely under the power to regulate the
suffrage, to my mind is an insult to the Con-
stitution, to its framers, and to common sense.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not wish to mis-
represent the Senator, and I do not think I
did. Does the Senator not claim that? Has
he not in debate claimed and by bills proposed
the exercise of a power by Congress to regulate
suffrage in the States?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
If he will read the bills—I have introduced a
great many—they have always gone to the
single point that under the Constitution of the
United States no State had a power to deny
suffrage on account of color. There is where
I stand. I raise no question of the potver of
the States to regulate suffrage ; I go into the
question of the meaning of the Constitution
of the United States, and I insist that under
that yon cannot without falsifying every rule
of interpretation which will be found in any
book of jurisprudence, without falsifying every
sentiment of the heart, say that under the
power to regulate you can disfranchise a race.
Every presumption is to be in favor of human
rights. Some of the bravest sentiments of
English jurisprudence have all gone in that
direction, even to the extent of saying that
that man is impious and cruel who does not
favor human rights. There I stand. In every
interpretation of the Constitution, in the con-
struction of every word and phrase in it, I
give to it a meaning in favor of human rights;
and when I am asked what is meant by the
term "to regulate," I say to determine the
manner of elections, not to disfranchise a race.
When I am asked what may be qualifications,
I say clearly those things which may be ac-
quired, those things which are attainable to
human effort, not those things that by the
providence of God are unattainable. Sir, it
is an insult to God and to humanity to say that
such a thing can be a qualification. There I
stand. Therefore, let the Senator understand
me. I have been very clear and explicit from
the beginning. I never have claimed for Con-
gress under the existing Constitution the power
to regulate. I never have ventured to deny
it, because much can be said even in favor ofthe
power to regulate. But I do insist that under
the power of making regulations you cannot
disfranchise a race, you cannot degrade the
country, you cannot degrade the age.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to im-
pose upon the Senator from Michigan, but I
hope he will allow me just one word further.
I do not think I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts now, though he is the master
of language. That I may understand him I
will ask him one further question. Has^he not
claimed that where the States have denied the
suffrage to the negro people Congress may
interfere and give in those States the suffrage
to the colored people?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course I have.
