34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Mr. "WOOD. I rise to another point of
order; and it is that the gentleman from Illi-
nois has been using unparliamentary .language
which this House ought not to tolerate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New :
York will state what language he objects to.
Mr. WOOD. The language in reference to
the President's message, in which he said that
it was disgraceful to the country and to him,
and tending to a direct recommendation of
repudiation, when the message is not suscept-
ible of any such construction.
Mr. GARFIELD. Iriseto apointof order.
The SPEAKER, Only one point of order
can be received atatime. The gentleman from
New York raises the point that it is not in
order for the gentleman from Illinois to char-
acterize the message of the President of the
United States in the language he has. This
being a country of free speech, the Chair thinks
that members who have been elected to repre-
sent the people of the United Slates have the
right to criticize the official conduct of those
who are clothed with public trust, provided it
is done in language not indecorous or person-
ally offensive—a right exercised in this message
in referring to Congress.
Mr. WOOD. Then the Chair overrules my
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. The point of order I
wished to raise was that the objection comes too
late, as business had intervened.
Mr. WASHBURNli, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to offer the
resolution he sends to the O.etk's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
a moment to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means?
Mr. BROOMALL. As soon as my resolu-
tion is read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish the floor now. I
wish to have read, as a part of that to which I
propose to call to the attention of the House,
that portion of the President's message, as
printed in the pamphlet laid upon our table,
to bo found 011 pages 11 and 12 which I have
marked.
The Cleik read as follows:
"Our national credit should bo sacredly observed;
but in making provision tor our creditors wc shouid
riot I'orgot wlnit is duo to the mii^M'Sot tho people.
It may bo assumed that tho holders of oar Beuuritios
havo already received upon their bonds a larger
amount than their original investment, measured by
a &old standard. Upon this statement, ot' i';iot,s it
would seem but just and equitable that tho s.ix per
cent, interest now paid by tho Government, should
bo applied to the reduction ot' the principal in semi-
annual installmorjts, which in sixteen year? and oi?bt
mouths would luiuidato tho ontiro national debt.
Six }>cr cent. 111 /.old would at present rates bo equal
to iinio per cent. 1,; currency, and equivalent to tho
payment ol'the debt one and a half tune in a traction
less than seventeen years. This, ill connection with
all tho other advantages derived liom their invest-
ment, woiltd nfiord to tho public creditois a fair and
liberal eomponsation for the, n>.o of rhoir capital, and
with this llicysliould be satislied. Tiie lessons of the
fast HiUnuuirli the lender that it is not well to oe
over anxious in exacting from tho borrower ligid
compliance with the lettur of the bond."
Mr. BROOMALL. I cannot yield further
until my resolution is read. What has been
read is a part, of the resolution itself. I ask
that the resolution be read, and if objection
be made to its introduction 1 will have it read
as a part of my remarks.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask that it be read as
a poition of my remarks.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. YV ASHB URNE, of Illinois. I have the
floor for an hour, and have the right to yield.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlcman from Penn-
sylvania objects to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask that it be read as
a p.nt of my remarks, the floor having been
yielded to me by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the motion to print
and lay upon the table debatable?
Mr. BROOMALL. The motion to lay upon
tie table has been withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK. The resolution is not in
order to the motion to print,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. BROOMALL. As part of my remmks
its reading is in order.
Mr. WASHBU11NE, of Illinois. And I
have 3'ietded, the floor to the gentleman for
that purpose. I yield to him to offer it; but
if it is objected to, X then yield to him to ;read
it as a part of his remarks.
The SPEAKER. It has been objected to ;
but if it relates to the President's message the
gentleman can have it read as a part of his
remarks.
Mr. BROOMALL. It does relate to the
President's message) and I give notice t shall
offer it at the earliest moment it is in order,
and press its adoption.
The SPEAKER, It will be read as a part
of the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not the gentleman
able to read his own remarks? I object.
Mr. ROSS. He ought not to ask the Clerk
to make his remarks.
The SPEAKE LI. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania insist on his objection ?
Mr. RANDALL. I do.
The SPEAKER. The usage has been to
allow the (Jlerk to read such papers.
Mr. RANDALL. This is an unusual pro-
ceeding altogether, and requires unusual rem-
edies to keep gentlemen in check.
Mr. BnooMALL took a position at the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to another point
of order. The gentleman is not in his seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The rule provides that a gen-
tleman can apeak from the Clerk's desk or
from his own seat.
Mr. BROOMALL. If my colleague will
allow me, 1 will let the Clerk read the reso-
lution.
Mr. RANDALL.^ AVe have had a point of
order, and the Chair has given his decision.
Mr. Broomall then read his resolution, as
fallows :
Whereas tho Prescient of tho United States, in
his annual message to tho Foitieth Congress at its
third session, says: "It may be a-suuiert that the
holders ot our securities have already received upon
their bonds a larger amount than their original in-
vestment, measured by a gold standard. Unoa this
statement of facts it would seem but just and equita-
ble that tho six per cent, interest now paid by the
(Government should bo applied to the redu-tion of
the principal in semi-annual installments, which in
sixtoim years and eight months would linuidato tho
entire national debt. Six per cent, in gold would at
present rates be t-qual to nine per cent in currency,
and equivalent to the payment of the debt one and
a half time in a. fraction ies^ than seventeen years.
This, in connection with all the other advantages
denved iiotn their investment, would ailord to the
public creditor.-* a fair and liberal compensation for
tho use of their capita!, and with this they should be
satisfied. The lessons of the past admonish tho
lender that it i.s not well to be over anxious in exacting
fiom the boi rower rigid compliance with the letter
of tho bond;" and whereas such sentiments, if per-
mitted to go to the world without immediate protest,
may be understood tobfi I he sentiments of tho people
ofthe United StatesandtheirKepresentativesin Con-
giess: Therefore,
JltHolved, That all forms anddegreesof repudiation
of national indebtedness arc odious to the American
neople. And that under no cirtum=tanccs will their
Representatives consent to offer the public creditor,
as full compensation, a less amount of money than
that which the Government contracted to pay him.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I now
demand the previous question on my motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 ask tlie gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I return my profound thanks
for this privilege. I am notgoiug to engage in
any squabble here as to who shall or shall not
express opinions in regard to this message, on
the motion now before tho House. I am glad,
however, to see that, as far as yet indicated, the
only earnestness seems to be developed from
the intense desire of each one who has spoken
to mark with proper reprobation that which
this message contains on the point indicated.
I rose for a purpose which these gentlemen will
entirely agree with me in. I had that part of
the message rend with a view to state—not from
any particular weight that may be given to what
I may say from my position as an individual
Representative of the people upon this floor,
but it is possible that, having been honored
with a place as chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, 1 ought to express my opin-
ions decidedly on the subject—that I look upon
that portion of the message as the most gross,
shameless, infamous proposition to repudiate
the debt of the country that 1 have ever yet
heard impudently avowed from any quarter,
unless it may possibly be in the columns of the
paper of liBrick" Pomeroy, which I believe
has spread before the public this morning this
message in full in advance of other papers,
showing possibly a kindred feeling on this
subject.
There is another part of the message to which
I wish to direct attention. On page 25, as
it lies upon our table, will be found a para-
graph reflecting on the action of Congress in
terms similar to those used by the Legislature
of Oregon. It is only necessary i'or me to
recall the attention of the House to tbe fact
that yesterday when such language came (rom
that source we stigmatized it as slanderous,
scurrilous, and indecorous. I do not know any
license the President of the United States bus
to speak thus of our legislation that cannot as
well be accorded to the Legislature of Oregon;
and I therefore class them together in that
reprobation which this House has already
passed upon one of them.
Now, sir, I trust there will be no printing
of this message. Let it take its chance in the
public piints. I trust it will be merely laid
upon the table as not fit to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or any of the committees of this
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is right.
Mr. SCHENCK. I trust, also, that no gen-
tleman will be deterred from voting against
referring it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the supposition that
it is necessary in order to give jurisdiction to
the several committees of the House afterward
when its several parts shall be referred to those
committees. There is nothing in the message
of which the standing committees may not
obtain jurisdiction by the ordinary process of
reference of petitions, bills, and resolutions to
them. There is no necessity, therefore, for
referring this to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the usual pur-
pose of distribution to standing committees.
There is no need of this being printed, it wdl
go broadcast over the country, as Piesidents'
messages do, fur what it is worth ; and I there-
fore wish to withhold any sauctiou whatever,
even the courtesy of printing this message, and
to let it simply be laid upon the table. I hope
my friend agreeing with me will let me sub-
stitute that l'or the other motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I fully
agree with thai part of the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio which alleges that it is un-
necessary to refer this message to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
but it is necessary that the message should be
printed. All the official documents of the
country have to be printed to go into the official
records. If the gentleman will modity his
suggestion so as to lay upon the table and print
the usual number of copies, with no extra
copies, I think that will meet the case.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will go upon the Jour-
nal, and it seems to me that is a sufficient pres-
ervation of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does
not go into the public documents which are
deposited in the libraries ofthe country.
Mr. MAYNARD. It goes into the Globe.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman from California for a moment.
Mr. HIGBY. I cannot agree with the gen-
tleman from Ohio., I think, whatever cjmes
from the President of the United Slates, it is
highly proper we should do us we have done
heretofore. Let.it be printed and let it go to
the nation and let the people see it. I do not
