1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
think it is our province to suppress anything.
I agree with gentlemen in reference to what
they say as to the character of the message;
I have no hesitation as to that;, but about one
so effectually dead it seems to me we ought not
to make so much parade. The last election
settled that. Let the people see what we have
had to contend with for the last three years.
It will fully confirm all we have said of him
heretofore. I think we make too many words
over the message of a President whose public
career has so effectually killed him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew
my motion to lay upon the table and print.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I demand a division of
the question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question on the motion to piint.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to amend by mov-
ing the printing of one hundred thousand
extra copies?
The SPEAKER. Not during the pendency
of the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order.
If I could I would say something in reply to
what has been said on the other side.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay ou the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; aud it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 88, not vot-
ing 55 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell.
Jauieb M. Ashley. Beam an, Beatty. Benjamin. Benton,
Bingham, Blaine, Blair, liontwell, Bowen. Boyden,
Bromwell,Brooiiiali.Buckland,Roderick K. Butler,
Cake. Calli*, Churchill. Header W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, CIift. Cobb. Coburn. Cook. Corley. Culloin,
Dawca, Delano, Dcweese, Dickey, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Edwards, Bggleston,Ela,Eliot,Farns-
worth. Ferries, Ferry, Fields, French, Uariieid, Goss,
Gove, Ilausrbey, Ilo.tton, Hill, Hooper. Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, ingersoll, Alexander H.
Jones, Judfl, Julian, Kelley, _ KeliojsK, Kctsey,
Ketcham. Ivitchen, Koontz, Lallin, Lash, Georfre V.
Lawrence, WilliamLawrenco,Lincoln, Loan.Loueh-
ridge, Lynch, Mavnard, McCarthy. McRec, Meicur,
Miller, Moore, .Moorhead, Morrell, Multins. Myers,
Ne«\--ham. Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, I'erham,
Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pike, Plants, Polslcy. Poine-
ruy. Pi ice, Piineo, Robertson, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes. Stover.
Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble. Trowbridge. TwieUell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Vail Wyek,
Cadwalnder C. Washburn, Elihn B. Washburne,
Hemy D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Weiker,
Whitteinore, William Williams. James Jf. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—128.
NAYS—Messis. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Baker,
Ba rnes, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chan lor,
JEldridge, Fox, (ieU, (jlossbrenner, lligby, Hotcbkiss,
Jenckcs, Thomas L. Jones.Kerr, McCormiek, _Mun
and Youner.—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos It. Ashley, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Blackburn, Botes, Buck-
ley. Benjamin P. Butler, Cornell, Covode, Dockery*
3)o<lgc, (ioihiday, Gravely, Griswold. Grover, Haight,
Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Ilnwkins, Holm an, Hop-
kins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Johnson. Knott, Logan, Mallory, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McCullough, Morrissey, Newcomb,
Nunn, Pile, Poland, Pruyn, Raum, Roots, Sawyer,
Selye, Stiellabarger. Suiifh, Stewart, Stone, Sypher,
Taylor, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal, Ward, Thomas
Williams, arid John T. Wilson—55.
So the message was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIGHTS OP AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the resolution which I submitted
yesterdav, and pass it.
No objection being made, the resolution was
read, considered, and agreed to, as follows:
Be it resolved b\, thU House, That the President of
the United States be requested to inform this House
what correspondence, il' anv, in addition to tne dis-
patch of the Secretary of State to Mr. Moran, our
acting oiiai-■6 d'affaires in London, furnished by him
■Tunc 1868, in answer to the resolution of this
House of June 15,1868, has taken place, and to furnish
to this House copies of any such oorrespondonco for
the immediate action of Congress.
DISABILITIES 01? FRANKLIN J. MOSES.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent., moved
that the House take up frotn the Speaker's
table the bill (S-. No. 658) to relieve from dis-
abilities Franklin J. Moses, a citizen of South
Carolina.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a first and second time.
Mr, PAINE. This being exactly the same
bill that passed the House this morning, I ask
that it be put on its passage.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time:
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION IN VIRGINIA.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. 11. No. 1185) providing for an election
in Virginia, upon which Mi-. Bingham was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BINGIIAM. It is not my purpose to
delay the House long with the fuither discus-
sion of the bill which I had the honor to report
this morning. 1 desire, however, to make
some reply to the objections urged by gentle-
men against the passage of the bill as reported,
and to state some reasons why the time for
this election should not be postponed till May,
as proposed by the gentleman from Illinois.
Tlie objections that were urged against the
election in January next were upon the ground
that the election would not be conducted fairly
by reason of a supposed unwillingness of the
acting President of the United States faith-
fully to execute the existing law. 1 desire to
say upon that subject that the presence of this
House and of the Senate of the United States
gives security to the people referred to, to wit,
the fieedmen. The Congress will not, prob-
ably be in session in May, the time proposed
by the gentleman from Illinois. 1 desire to
say further, after due consideration, that if
there be any interference with these people in
the exercise of the right secured to them by
our own laws and intended to be perpetuated
by the constitution of Virginia, I will be ready
for one to set aside whatever may be done or
whatever may be pretended to be done by the
people of Virginia in the way of interference
with the rights of the freedmen. The whole
subject, Mr. Speaker, is under the control of
the Congress of the United States until iL shall
finally act upon what the people shall have
done to restore the State to its political power
in the Union. It. will therefore be compe-
tent for this Congress in January, if there be
any complaint as to the manner in which the
election shall have been conducted, to set the
whole proceeding aside.
Having said this, Mr. Speaker, I think the
House ought to be satisfied that there is no
danger in holding an election in January on
account of the supposed interference on the
part of any evil-disposed persons with the rights
and privileges of freemen of any color, as se-
cured by the existing laws of this Congress in
the matter of that election.
I desire to add to what I said on reporting
the bill that what has transpired in this House
this morning has given great significance to the
words which I uttered before, and furnished
additional reason why we should give the peo-
j pie of Virginia an early opportunity to act upon
! this matter and electa Legislature to ratify the
I fourteenth article of amendment to the Consti-
tution. I stated before, Mr. Speaker, to the
House, that three of the thirty States that had
heretofore ratified that amendment have ie-
pealed their ratification. This reduces the
number adhering to the amendment to twenty-
seven, which is less than three fourths of all
-the States of the Union, which leaves the ques-
tion open for those who undertake to give valid-
ity to these revolutionary acts of these repeal-
ing States to challenge the validity of this
amendment in the courts of this country. Let
Virginia speak. Let her speak iu February
next, as provided by this bill. Let her ratify
this amendment and there is an end of the con-
troversy. You will have restored the number
of twenty-eight ratifying States, and leave no
room for challenge in any -quarter.
I understand gentlemen to siiy that in their
view of the subject the three States that have
repealed their ratification of the amendment
had no right so to do. I agree with them in
that opinion, but I do not wish to intrust this
Question to any court. Let Virginia, there-
fore, speak;, and then let us sec whether we
cannot pass an act upon this subject that will
put an end to this thing of Legislative Assem-
blies undertaking by their acts' to repeal an
amendment of the Constitution of the Uniteil
States. ' For myself, I am ready to say, as a
Representative of the people, Ishall vote for a
/bill making it a felony for .any assembly of
men in any State to pass any act declaring that
a ratified amendment of the Constitution is
repealed. It is not, one of the privilegesof
speech in this country to organize revolution
under the forms of State legislation; and I
would add to such an enactment another pro-
vision—that it shall be a felony for any assem-
bly in any State to pass anything in the nature
of an ordinance of secession, or anytbing.in
the nature of an act of nullification of the Con-
stitution aud laws ol the United States. The
time has come when this question must be met
| in this forum, and for one I am ready to meet
' it; but I desire that the preliminaries shall be
so settled in the first place as that the advan-
tage in this great controversy shall be clearly
with Ike loyal and law-abiding people of this
country.
As 1 understand the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. WASHBunxF,] and also the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. P,cti.eii,] they deem
it important that the people ol Virginia shall
at an early day act upon the constitution
which has been framed ; but they think it will
be safer that the people shall act upon it in
! May. If that be the opinion of the majority
i of the House I shall bow to that decision and
vote for the bill as amended. I have given ray
own reasons to the llouse and to tho country
why 1 think tho people of Virginia, should be
allowed to speak on this subject in January
and to take final action in February next,
while this Congress is in session, repeating
here what 1 have already said, that if they
succeed in accomplishing what is proposed
and what is so much desired by all the people
of the country, we will have taken a great step
forward preparatory to the necessary legisla-
tion to put an end to this controversy and to
these revolutionary movements touching this
amendment of the Constitution.
Why, sir, if we had this question settled as
it ought to bo settled it would be forbidden by
your fundamental law, by the judgment and
consent of every man in America, to tjiePrest-
j dent of the United States to send into this
! House or anywhere else a paper proposing to
i repudiate the entire interest-bearing debt ol
! the United States. I desire to fix this ques-
tion so that it shall not be challenged.
The constitution does not execute itself. I
desire to enforce its provisions by penal enact-
ments. I desire to add the voice of Virginia
to the voices of the twenty-seven States that
| have ratified the amendment and have not re*
i pealed it, so that its ratiiication may be beyond
! all dispute or controversy. X agree with gen-
! tlemen around me that the acts of the repeal-
• ing States are revolutionary and void ; butl say,
ji on the other hand, tube away from the oppQ*
jj nents of this measure any colorablc excuse for
P challenging it. This being done, let a law be
|| speedily enacted here making it a felony for
jj any body of men in this country to attempt to
if set oside afi void ond inopm-ahvo, by le£islativ0
I; enactments, a ratified amendment of the Con-
i! stitution of the United States. The proceeding
1: that I am combating here this morning en
Il this floor is the same in substance, dilieriog
