988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
which it pledged to the people a year ago that
it would not do.
Mr, WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana a question. What limjt
is there to the power of the people of this
country to change the Constitution or the sys-
tem of government?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, that is
a very grave question that is asked. I intended
to ask some Senators' that question in a very
few minutes. There is a particular proposi-
tion in the. Constitution of the Unitea States
that it may be amended. Where, Mr. Presi-
dent, does the power of amendment stop? I
say the power of amendment is limited to the
cosrection of defects that might appear in the
practical operations of the Government; but
the power of amendment does not carry with
it the power to destroy one form of govern-
ment and establish another. I will ask the
distinguished Senator who has just propounded
the question to me, whether under the form
and pretext of an amendment you can change
the office of the Chief Executive of this nation
and make him cease to be a President and
make him a king?
Mr. WARNER. I will answer the question.
I think it is in the power of the people of this
country to establish any system of government
they see fit, to abolish the office of President,
and abolish Congress and the Supreme Court
and the whole form of government. I think
the whole matter is in the hands of the people,
and that they are sovereign.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I understand that
answer given by the Senator to be that under
the constitutional provision for amendment,
under the proceeding for amendments, the Con-
gress of the United States by a two-thirds vote
of each body, three fourths of the States rati-
fying it; may change this Government from a
Republic and make it a monarchy.
We have uowa distinct proposition before us.
I am not going to talk in this general way about
what the people of the United States may do.
They may revolutionize, perhaps; there may be
a revolution, and the present Government may
go down under that revolution, and a mon-
archy may be its result. Perhaps we are in the
midst of such a revolution as that now. Per-
haps we have gone very rapidly and far in (hat
direction of revolution ; but I am speaking of
the power of Congress and of three fourths of
the States to amend the Constitution of the
United States ; and now I understand it to be
averred as a doctrine of the party that the
President may bo displaced ana a king estab-
lished in his stead.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to inquire of
the honorable Senator whether he considers
that the statement of a position of that kind
on the part of one Senator on this floor makes
it the doctrine of the party?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it is an
answer to a question that is propounded in the
Senate; and now, if the Senator from Mis-
souri is not satisfied with the answer that has
been given by the distinguished Senator, I shall
be very much obliged to him if he—and I know
lie is a gentleman who expresses himself ex-
actly—will tell the Senate just where the power
of amendment stops under the provisions of
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. I would state that if the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana won Id be so good
as to enlighten my dull comprehension as to
the importance of that question in this discus-
sion, I will answer him with a great deal of
pleasure; but now for my part I really do not
see it. I do not see whether it amounts to one
thingor another where the limit ofconstitutional
amendment may be. We are discussing a
question now-of amending the Constitution in
a particular which unquestionably is not sub-
versive of the Constitution, not the case that
the Senator suggested a while ago. But now,
while I am up, I should like to ask the Senator
from Indiana a question back. I understood
him to say awhile ago that this amendment
passed here by two thirds of both Houses and
ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of
the States would be binding upon those three
fourths and not upon the others. Was I mis-
taken in that?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator at-
tribute that opinion to me?
Mr. DRAKE. That was the way in which
I understood it, and I am inquiring for inform-
ation whether I misunderstood the Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I beg the Senator's
pardon. I did not express any such view.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, of course, I have noth-
ing farther to say with regard to-that matter.
Mr. WARNER. I answered-the question
of the Senator from Indiana very squarely, and
I would ask him to answer my question as
franldy. Where does the power of the peo-
ple of this country to amend or to change their
Constitution and system of Government end?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I wish
first, before I answer the last question, to say
to the Senator from Missouri that I do not
think he had a right to criticise me for asking
him a question, for the question was asked of
me, and I answered it) and then I repeated
it in a somewhat more exact form, and the
answer was made by the Senator on my left.
Then the Senator from Missouri interposed in
the debate and became a party to the debate
just there, and I thought it was entirely proper
for me to seek a very satisfactory definition
from him.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg to assure the Senator
that I did not mean to criticise him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I believe
that there is a limit to the power of two thirds
of Congress and of three fourths of the States
to amend the Constitution of the United States.
I believe that they have a right to amend the
Constitution in those respects wherever defects
appear in the practical operations of the Gov-
ernment, to make it more complete and satis-
factory ; but they have no power, in my judg-
ment, so to amend the Constitution as to change
the character and the nature of the Govern-
ment. This ie, as was well expressed by the
Senator from Tennessee this evening, notpurely
a confederacy, nor is it altogether a popular
Government. It is a Government of the peo-
ple and at the same time a confederacy. The
States, before the formation of the Federal
Government, were independent States. They
had the right to go into the confederacy or
not to go into it as they pleased. It was not
obligatory upon Pennsylvania to become a part}'
to the confederacy, and if the other States had
agreed to the Constitution and Pennsylvania
hud not agreed to it, Pennsylvania would not
have been apart ofthe Government; and that
was provided for in the Constitution itself, for
the very last provision of the Constitution is
that—
"Tho ratification of tho conventions of nine States
shall bo sufficient for the establishment of this Con-
stitution betweon the States so ratifying the same."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And North Carolina
and Rhode Island did not ratify for one or two
years.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And until they ratified
they were notparties to the Confederation. The
States, as States thus coming into the Union,
came in upon the basis of the Constitution
itself. They surrendered up a portion of their
State authority and power, and they retained a
portion. I say that a Government thus formed
cannot by the authority of amendment of the
Constitution be so changed as entirely to depart
from the spirit and the purpose of the confed-
eration.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator to
say that we could not by an amendment of the
Constitution change the nature or character of
the Government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, the nature of the
Government itself.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Indiana what amendment can be made to the
Constitution that will not change the nature or
character of the Government ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why, sir, I can con-
ceive of very many amendments. I think if the
Senator will iurn to the book he will find about
twelve amendments' that did not change the
character of the Government. One of these
amendments, to which I will refer by way of
illustration in answer to the Senator, was that
for the election of President and Vice Presi-
dent ; the mode of electing the President and
Vice President is different from what it was
originally.
Mr. ELOWE. Do I understand the Senator
to affirm that that did not change the character
of the Government?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I say that does not
change the nature of the Government nor the
character of the Government essentially. . It
ehanges the mode of selecting an officer, but
that is no change of the character or nature of
the Government. It seems to me that that is
very apparent t,o a person who will take even a
casual view of the subject, a very superficial
view.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
put another question?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not just now. Mr.
President, my objection, which I now choose
to state to the amendment proposed and pend-
ing before the Senate, is that it does change the
nature of the Government, it does take away
from the States a power which they retained
and which is necessary to that independence
and sovereignty of the States which the original
compact contemplated they should enjoy.
Now, Mr. President, in using the term
"sovereignty of the States" I do not mean
that the States have control of every subject.
In that sense the States are not sovereign ; in
that sense the Federal Government is not sov-
ereign ; but in the language of the courts the
States are sovereign within the sphere of their
jurisdiction or reserved powers, while the
General Government is sovereign within the
sphere of its jurisdiction. I think that the
right to control the suffrage for the election of
State officers is essential to the independence
of the States, is essential to the very nature
of the Government itself.
In further illustration of the question asked
by the Senator from Wisconsin, I may say that
tho Constitution might be so amended as to
regulate the suffrage in the election of Inderal
officers. I think that for the purpose of elect-
ing members of Congress, by an amendment
of the Constitution the qualifications of the
voters might be defined, and that would not
change the uature of the Government; it would
change, to some extent, the mode of selecting
Federal officers. But when the Constitution
of the United States comes to regulate the
mode of selectingStateofficers, and takes away
from the States the control of that question,
you materially change the framework of the
Government itself. I can conceive of no power
so important to a State as to decide who shall
be her officers aud in what mode these officers
shall be selected, whether by all the people or
by a portion of the people. It is for her to
select her own officers, to define who shall be
her officers and how they shall be chosen, and
if you take that power away from a govern-
ment and confer it upon another government,
yon have materially and very essentially changed
the nature of the relations between the two.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to read from Marshall's opinion in
the case of McCulloch vs. State of Maryland?
Mr. HENDRICKS. With.great pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. "A power to create implies
a power to preserve. A power to destroy, if
wielded by a different hand, is hostile to and
incompatible with these powers to create and
preserve." "ThesovereigntyofaStatetoevery-
thing which exists by its own authority, or is
introduced by its permission.'! " That the power
to destroy may defeat and render useless the
power tocreate; thatthereis plain repugnance
in conferring on one government a power to
control the constitutions and measures of
another.'1
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is much more
satisfactorily expressed than I was able to ex-
press it. When this Government was estab-
lished thera were certain powers retained by
