1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ST
Mr. BIXGHxVM. Hisown State has decided
that question against the gentleman. The gen-,
tleman and his party made the issue that these
acts of reconstruction are acts of usurpation,
unconstitutional and void. Thegentleman and
his party went to the country upon that plat-
form, and the people wrote, .in words of fame
over their platform, that might be read of all
men, that it was dangerous to stand upon that
platform; thattheseactsof reconstruction .were
constitutional^ were not revolutionary, were
not usurpations, were not void, but should be
enforced asthe sovereign will of the people of
this country. That is the verdict of the great
people.
Mr. NIBLACIv rose.
Mr. BIN GUAM. I cannotyield, as my lime
is nearly out. That was the verdict of the
people, and the only question which remains
between my friend from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
busxe] and myself is whether this vote shall
be" taken in January or May. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbuhne] wishes to post-
pone the election to the fourth Thursday of
May next. The bill, as it stands, provides that
the election shall be held-on the 20th of Janu-
ary next, I desire to remind the House that
this bill passed at the last session providing for
aji election last spring, which was not held for
want of an appropriation. That appiopriation
has since been made. It was then deemed
wise to bold the election while Congress was
in session. I adhere to that opinion now, and
1 say that the freedmen of Virginia during the
session of Congress are more secure in holding
an election than during its vacation. I hope
the bill as reported will be passed, and the
amendment rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
insert "fourth Thursday of May" wherever
reference to holding the election is made in the
bill.
, Mr. BING-HAM demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurred on the amend-
ment; and on a division there were—ayes 85,
noes 5i).
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. BixcHAM,and
Mr. Washbuuse of Illinois, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 75, noes 00.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The SPEAKER. The bill provides that the
Legislature shall meet in February, when the
election, as the bill has been amended, does
not take place unlil May.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That shows the import-
ance of debating the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN B, of Illinois. I now move
to amend 'so as to provide that the meeting of
the Legislature shall be on the fourth Thurs-
day of June.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It should be later.
It should be August or September. June is a
bad time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will make
it the first Tuesday in September, 1809.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BINGH.VM demanded the yeas and
navs on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays,
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also,
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
prkedmen's bureau.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication' from the Secretary of War,
submitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of the Bureau of . Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands, asking that Con-
gress appoint a cojnmittee to investigate into
the administration of the bureau; which was
referred to the Committee on Freedmen's
Affuirs.
committee ox commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
resign my position as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to yield to mo a single moment. I
desire to enter a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill introduced yesterday to repeal
the tenure-of-office act was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCHBNCK. 1 move to lay that motion
on the table.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Aixisox] yields to the gentle-,
man from Massachusetts to make that motion
he yields unconditionally, as the motion to
adjourn cuts off all business.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I do not yield. I
renew the motion to adjonrn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By Mr. MclCEE: The petition of John Price,
for a pension.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of the
letter-carriers of the city of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, asking for an increase of pay.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of Mrs.
Helen A. M. Edwards, for a pension.
By Mr. SITGRBAVES: The petition of
Mary E. J. Mitchell, widow of the late Lieu-
tenant Commander John G. Mitchell, asking
Congress to grant to her and her infant child a
section or more of coal land discovered by her
husband, when commanding the United States
steamer Saginaw, in the territory recently
acquired from Russia.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 10, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. I).
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Charles R. Bucicalew, of Pennsyl-
vania ; Hon. John Pool, of North Carolina;
and Hon. F. A. Sawyer, of South Carolina,
appeared in their seats to day.
committees of the senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the morning business
has been somewhat embarrassed by the lack
of the standing committees, I will, with the
permission of the Senate, move to proceed to
the appointment of the standing committees
now, so that petitions and memorials may be
referred to them as they are presented. Pre-
vious to doing so, I offer a resolution to con-
tinue one of the special committees that was
appointed at the last session:
lieiolved, Tliat the committee appointed to inquire
whether improper or corrupt means have been used,
or attempted to bo used, to influence the votes of
the membeis of the Senate in the trial of the im-
peachment of the Pre8ident, with power to send for
persons pid papers, be, and the same is hereby,
reappointed.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now offer the following
resolution:
fiesolved, That the joint committee appointed,at
the first session of the present Congress, a ad contin-
ued at the last session, to revise .and fix the pay of
the officers of the two Houses, be, and they are
hereby, reappointed." ■ • - ■ 1 ■ -
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr: ANTHONY. I offer another resolution:
Re&ofoed, That the select committeo to whom were
referred certain luilroad bills at the last session bo.
continued during the presont session.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the Senate is aware,
very important work is now going on' for the
revision of the laws, and as the reports are
coming in—several chapters'have been sub-
mitted already, I believe—and the Judiciary
Committee is very mneh overburdenod with
work, it has been thought advisable .to have a t
committee on the revision of the laws, I offer \V
the following resolution for that purpose:
Unsolved, That tlio.ro In: added to the standing com-
mittees of the Senato a committeo to be called a
Committeo on the Revision ot thoLaws of the United
States, to consist of live persons.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the election of the standing
committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. lasktheunanimouscon-
sent of the Senate to suspend the rule that
requires the committees to be elected by bal-
lot, that they may be elected by nomination.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
only be done by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I nominate the commit-
tees on the list that 1 send to the Chair.
The Chiet Clerk read the list, as follows:
On Foreign dictations— Messrs. Sumner,
(chairman,) Eessenden, Cameron, Harlan,
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, and
Bayard.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,)
Morgan, Williams, Oattell, Henderson, Morrill
of Vermont, and Warner.
On Appropriations—Messrs. Morrill of
Maine, (chairman,) Grimes, Howe, Wilson,
Cole, Conkhng, and Buekalew.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chair-
man,) Morgan, Corbetl, Morrill of Vermont,
Kellogg, Spencer, and Vickers.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sprague-, (chair-
man,) Yates, Abbott, Robertson, and Dixon.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Cameron, (chair-
man,) Cattell, Tipton, Welch, and McCreery.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Wilson, (chair-
man,) Sprague, Cameron, Morton, Thayer,
Abbott, and Doolittle.
On Natal Affairs—Messrs, Grimes, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Cragin, Nye, Frelinghuysen,
Drake, and Hendriclcs.
On the Judiciary—Messrs.Trumbull, (chair-
man,) Stewart, Frelinghuvsen, Edmunds,
Conkling, Rice, and Hendricks,
On Post, Offices and Post lioads—Messrs.
Ramsey, (chaiiman,) Conness, Pomeroy, Van
Winkle, McDonald, Welch, and Dixon.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chair-
man,) Stewart, Williams, Tipton, Osborn,
Warner, and Hendricks.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Williams,
(chairman,) Ferry, Sawyer, Kellogg, and
Bayard.
0>t Indian Affairs—Messrs. Henderson,
(chairman,) Morrill of Maine, Iloss, Corbett,
Thayer. Buekalew, and Doolittle.
On Pensions—Messrs. Van_ Winkle, (chair-
man,) Edmunds, Fowler, Tipton, Spencer,
Davis, and Sawyer.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs, Nye,
(chairman,) Chandler, Pool, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, and Saulsbury.
On Claims— Messrs. Ilowe, (chairman,)
Willey, Frelinghuysen, Howard, Cole, Robert-
son, and Davis.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Har-
