im
wm G0NGJEESS&HSA& <£LOK
M&mm;
several States of .the United States copiesof
the article, of amendment proposed .by Confess
to tlie State Legislatures to amend the;.Consti-
tution of .the* Li nited States, passed February
26, 1869, respecting the exercise of tbe eleet-
ive • franchise,- to .the end that the said States
may proceed to act upon the said.attiele of
amendment,; and that be request the Executive
of each State~ that may ratify said amendment
to transmit to the Secretary of State a eel-fifed
copy of such ratification ; in which, the - con-
currence of the Hogse was, requested,
BRIDGES ACROSS THE OHIO RIVBRv
The SPEAKER. There teeing no farther
bills for reference, the' next, business in order
is calling the States for resolutions, commenc-
ing with the State of Illinois-/ where the call
was arrested by the expiration of the morning
hour on Monday last.
Mr. COOK. I introduce a bill which has
the approval of the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and upon it I demand the previous
question.
The bill (H. R. No. 2014) in relation to
bridges across the Ohio river was read a first
and second time. The bill provides that the
Secretary of War, with the approval-of the
President, shall appoint aboard of scientific
engineers,- to consist of not less than five jnor
more than seven, who shall,report to the next
session of Congress the proper width of span
in railroad bridges across the Ohio river
adapted to the wants of navigation and com-
merce upon that river, and that until Congress
shall by law take action upon said report no
bridge shall be erected over said river unless
such bridge shall have one continuous span not
less than four hundred feet in width in the
dear over the main channel of the river.
Mr. KERB. How does that bill get in ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] introduces the bill under the
call of States, and if it gives rise to debate it
will go over.
Mr. KERR. I rise to debate it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] has demanded the previous
question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I would inquire
if the gentleman from Illinois proposes to
allow some discussion of this bill?
Mr. COOK. It is impossible at this stage
of the session. It must pass tinder the previous
question or not at all.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will you allow
me to say a single word about it?
Mr. COOK. Not a word. [Laughter.]
Mr. TWICHELL. I hope the bill will not
pass.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes 33,
noes 30 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cook and
Kerr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time;'and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a point of order. Does
not this bill call for an appropriation of money ?
The SPEAKER. If it did it would be too
late to make the point of order, but the Chair
thinks it does not.
Mr. COOK. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KERR and Mr. ECKLEY called for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative-—yeas 85, nays 58, not voting
79; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Anderson, Belos R. Ashley. Bailey,
l-caman, Bingham, Bo yd en, Bpemwell, Broom;; II,
iiaeiiley.^pake, Callis, Cary, Churchill. Header W.
Olaike, bidtiey Ciarke, Cobo, Cook. Corley, Cornell,
Covyde. Cullom, Dickey, Bockery, Donnelly, Eggle-
ston, Thomas I). Eliot, Ferriss, Fields, French. Gar-
field1. fQete; GraTely,-SAiwJd, Hffitfgh«y^ ®awfeitS6,
figby,* Hill, Holmag, Hnlburd. Hunter, Jenekes,
lexan<i®r H. Jones, ThomasL. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg,'Kelsey. Laffin, Bash, Lincoln, Loan, Mar-
.vin, McCarthy. Mereur, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mungen, Niblack, Orflv Perham, -Pettis, Pieree,
Plants, Poland, Priee. Raum, Robertson, Sc'henck,
ScofieH. Shanks, Spalding. Starkweather. Stokes,
Stover, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, van Aer-
ri [UN, Burt van Horn, Robert'JVVan Horn, Van
Wyek, Ward, and William WilIiaras-- 85.
S"A-YS—Messrs. Allison,"Ames, Baker, Barnes, Bar-
Bum, Beatty, Beek, Benjamin; ^Blackburn, Blair,
Kon.Uvi'.ll.Brooks, Buekl&nd, Burr, Benjamin r''. But-
ler, Chanter, Dawes, Dixon. Eckley, Eldridge, James
T. Elliott, Fams-worth, G-lossbrenner, Goliad ay,
Graver. Hooper,. Hopkins, • Hotchkiss, Humphrey,
Kerr, Ketch am. Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, William
La.wrenoe, Mallory, Marshall, MeCormiek, MeK.ee,
Morrissey, Mullins. Norris, Paine, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Stevens, Stewart, Taber, John Trimble,
XwLchell, Cadwalader C, Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B.Washburn, James If. Wilson,
Windoro, Wood, and Woodward—68;
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks, Benton,
Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyer, Roderick R. Butler,
Clift, Coburn, Delano, Deweese, Dodge, Driggs,
Edwards, Ela, Perry. Pox, fii-oss, Gove, Haight, Hal-
sey, Hamilton, Harding, Heaton, Asahel W. Hub-
bard. Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Kelley, ^6-eorge ^ V.Lawrence,
Logan,
Miller,
Uunn, 'j iicm, inois, j-
Randall, Robinson, Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Selye,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stone, Sypher,
Thomas, Tift-, Lawrence S. Trimble, V an Auken, V an
Trump, vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker, Whit-
temore, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Young—79.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 68, not voting
72 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Bailey,
Boyden, Bromwell, Broomall, Cake, Callis, Cary,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Cullom. Dickey, Dockery, Donnelly, Eggle-
ston, Ferriss, Fields, French, Garfield, Getz, Gtoss-
brenner, Gravely, Griswold, Haughey, Hawkins,
Higby.Holman.fiulburd. Hunter, Jenckes, Alexan-
der H.Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Lash, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Mar-
vin, McCarthy, Mereur, Miller. Moore. Moorhead,
Morrell, Morrissey, Niblack, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Perbam. Peters, Pettis, Pile, Plants, Poland, Prioe,
Raum, Ross, Sohenck, Scofield, Shanks, Spalding,
Stover, Sypher, Taffe. Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burfc Van Horn. Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Whittemore. William
Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aines, Baker. Barnum,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham. Black-
burn, Blair, Boutwell, Brooks, Buckland, Buckley,
Burr, Chan lor. Cobb, Dawes, Dixon, Eckley, Edwards,
Thomas D. Eliot, Ferry, Fox, Golladay, Goss, Grover,
Hill, Hooper, Hotcbkiss. Kellogg, Kerr, Ketchaia,
Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, William Lawrence. Mallory.
Marshall, Maynard, MeK'ee, Mullins, Mungen, New-
comb, N ewsbam, Norris, Paine, Phelps, Pieree, Pom-
eroy, Prince, Pruyn, Robinson, Shellabarger, Ste-
vens. Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Tabcr, Tift, John Trim-
ble. Twiehell. William B. Washburn, Welker, James
F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
James M. Ashley. Axtell, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes.
Benton. Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyer, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill, Clift, Coburn,
Corley, Delano, Deweese, Dodge, Driggs, Ela, Eld-
ridge, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Gove, Haight,
Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Heaton, Hopkins, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll. Johnson, Kelley,
Laflin, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, MeCormiek, MeCul-
lough, Myers, Nicholson, Pike, Polsley, Randall,
Robertson. Roots, Sawyer, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Starkweather. Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble. Van
Aulsen, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburne, Iieury D. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, John X. Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge,
and Young—72.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
completion of pacific railroads.
Mr. JUDD introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 470) in reference to a proper comple-
tion of-Pacific railroads and branches ; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. JUDD. On that question I call for the
previous question.
The resolution, which was read, provides
that the President of the United States shall be
authoriKed and required to demand andrecjtte
"from the Union Pacific Railroad Company stfd
the denttal Pacific Railroad Company of'GsIt
fornia and their branches bonds or other seicdB-
ities sufficient to guaranty the completion ©?
said-railroads and branches and bring them li|>
to the standard fixed by the special commik-
sion which has examined and reported upon
the Unioir Pacific railroad and its branche#,
and is now examining the Central Pacific rail-
road and its branches, applying the same stand*-
ard of construction to each and requiring the
game security from each; and until said com-
mission report upon each road 4he issue 'of
bonds to the road or roads not reported cfo
shall be suspended until such report shall have
been made.
On seconding the demand for the previOQS
question, there were—ayes 60, noes 47; ttO
quorum voting. J
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Judd and
Mr. Spalding were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers repos-
ed—ayes one hundred and one, noes lfot
counted.
So the previous question was seconded. - 1
 e main question was ordered ; which Was
upon ordering the joint resolution to be etf-
grossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third tim£,
and passed. .,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that' the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table. ^
The latter motion was agreed to.
international pacific railroad. '
Mr. RAUM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 471) declaring valid certain dec-
larations of the constitutional convention of
the State of Texas; which was read a first and
second time.
The question being on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. EAUH demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
poses to declare valid the declarations of the
constitutional convention of the State of Texas,
passed August 10, 1868, and January 2, 1869,
reincorporating the Brazos Branch Railroad
Company under the corporate name of the In-/
ternational Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope that this reso-
lution will be referred.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
has been demanded, pending which a motion
to refer is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Would it be in order to
ask what are those declarations of the conven-
tion of Texas?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes seven, noes not
counted.
Mr. RAUM. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the joint
resolution be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
^ ' bblics of george washington.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Whereas there appears in the Evening Express, a
paper published in this oity, under date of February
26,1869, tbefollowing:
''The Articles Taken from the Arlington /louse.-—(xQli-
©ral-Robert E. Lee made application a few days ago,
through a gentleman residing in this city, to the Sec-
retary of the Interior for a number of articles once
the war, when that place fell into the possession 6t
the federal Army. The articles were pieces of house-
hold furniture, clothing, dishes, and papers which
formerly belonged to General Washington. ' Seere^
tary Browning has decided to grant the request, and
an order has been given to turn the artistes over, to
the person deputed by General Lee to receive them:
