1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1743
Resolved, Thatthe Coramitteeon PablicBuildings
and Grounds be directed to inquire into the subject
and ascertain whether the matter so published is
true, and if truo to ascertain by what right the Sec-
retary of the Interior surrenders those articles so
cherished as once the property of the Father of his |
Country to the rebel g-eneral-in-ehief; and that said j
committee report fully upon the subject by bill or :
otherwise; and that they have power m pursuing
said investigation to send for persons and papers
and. leave to report at any time; and that the Secre-
tary of the Interior be requested not to permit said
articles fco be removed until such investigation shall
be had.
The previous question was* seconded, there
being—ayes 94, noes 28,
The question being on ordering the main
question,
Mr. BROOKS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 36, not vot-
ing 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison," Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blackburn, Blaine, Blair, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Ben-
jamin E. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Covode, Culloin, Dawes,
Dickey, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly. Driggs, Eckley,
Ela, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth,
Eerriss, Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield, Gross, Gris-
wold, Hamilton, Heaton, Higby, Hill, Hopkins, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Judd, Julian,Kelsey, Kitchen, Ivoontz,
Laflin,Lash, George Y.Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,Myers,New-
comb, Newsham, Noms, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
hara, Peters, Pierce, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Price,
Prince.Raum, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shel-
labarger, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Stover, Taffe, Taylor. John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Twichell, lip^on, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van W'yck, Ward, Cad-
walader C.Washburn, William B. Washburn,Welker,
Whittemore, Thomas "Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—133.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Barnes, Beck, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Gotz, Gloss-
brermer, Golladay,Grover. Holman, Hotchkiss, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Keu\ Ivnott, MeCullough, Morrissey, Man-
gen, Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn. Robinson, Ross,
Taber. Thomas, Tift, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wood,
and Woodward—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Baldwin, Bank^, Barnurn, Bingham, Boles-
Bowen, Boyden, Callis, Cary, Delano, Deweese, Dock-
ery,Edwards, Eggleston. Gove, Gravely, Haignt, Hal,
sey, Harding, Haughey, Hawkins. Hooper, A&ahcl W.
Hubbard, Ingersoll, Kell^y, Kellogg, Ketcham, Mar-
shall, McCormick, Nunn, Pettis, Phelps, Pike, Poland,
Poisley, Randall, Robertson, Selye, Shanks, Sit-
greaves. Smith, Stone, Sypher, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Henrv D. Washburn,
John T. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Young—53.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask that the resolution
be again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a point of order, and
it is this: that this House has no right to pre-
vent the restoration of stolen property ; and
these articles were stolen from the Arlington
house.
Mr. LOGAN. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. WOOD. That is my point of order.
. Mr. MULLINS. I should like to ask the
gentleman from New York a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Chair overrules the point of order. It is
a question for the judgment of the House and
not for the decision of the Chair. It is laid
down in the parliamentary law that the Chair
shall not decide general questions of coherence.
Mr. WOOD. I hav e made my point of order
and the country will understand it,
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the preamble and
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 35, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison,Ames. Anderson, "Delos R.
Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Beaman, Beatty. Ben-
jamin, lien ton, Blackburn, Boles, Boutwell, Brom-
well. Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Callis, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Olii't, Coburn,
Cook, Corley, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
A>iekey, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Hokley,
liggleston. Ela, Thomas D. Kliot, Ferriss, Ferry,
iields, i'refich, Garfield, Goss, Griswold, Heaton,
Hill, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter, Inger-
soll. Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Koontz, Lallin, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loagh-
ridffe. Lynch, .Mailory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy,
McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Iveweomb,Newsham,Morris, Nunn,
O'Neill,Orth, Perhatn, Peters, Pettis, Plants. Pome-
roy, Price, Prince, Raum, B,oots, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Sheila barger, Starkweather, Stevens, Stew-
art, Stover, Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Van Aernam, Bart Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn. Welker. Thomas Wil-
liams. William Williams, and Stephen F. Wilson—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnes, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Holman, Richard
D.Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones,
Kerr, Knott, McCormick, McCulloch, Morrissey,
Mungen. Niblack, Nicholson,Pruyn, Randall, Rod-
inson, Taber, Tift, Van Auken, Van Trump, and
Wood—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Baldwin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bowen,
Boyden, Burr, Cary. Cobb, Delano.Deweese.Dockery,
Edwards.James T. Blliott.Farnsworth.Gove.Gravely,
Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey,
Hawkins, Higby, Hooper, IHotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Kelley, Ketcham,Kitchen, Lin-
coln, Marshall, Paine, Phelps. Pierce, Pike, Pile,
Poland, Poisley, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Selye,
Sitgreaves, Smith,Spalding, Stokes, Stone, Sypher,
Taffe, Thomas, Lawrenee S. Trimble, Upson. Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn. Whitte-
more, James F.Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom,
Woodbridge, Woodward, and Young—67,
So the preamble and resolution were adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
adopted ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLTTTIOXS.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled. Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 466) donating
condemned cannon and muskets for the Mc-
Pherson monument; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 469) granting the
use of military equipments for the inauguration
ceremonies.
SIXTEENTH AND SEVENTEENTH JOINT RULES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to offer this resolu-
tion in reference to the business of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the sixteenth and seventeenth
joint rules of the Senate and House be suspended
during the remaining term of this Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What are those rules ?
The SPEAKER. They are the rules pro-
hibiting the sending of bills from one House
to the other or to the President within the last
three days of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I never knew a Congress
when those rules were not suspended at this
stage of the session.
The resolution was adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it is exceed-
ingly important that some agreement or under-
standing be had in regard to attention to the
public business from this time to the end of
the session, now so near at hand. The appro-
priation bills are, of course, to be passed, if
possible. There is on the Speaker's table an
immense amount of business. Some of the
bills are very important and some are not so
important. 1" therefore ask unanimous consent,
and if I cannot get it 1 will make the motion,
that the House meet to-morrow at ten o'clock
and proceed then to business on the Speaker's
table, letting the appropriation bills run on
through to-day and to-night as late as may be
necessary.
Mr. PRUYN. How long a time does the
gentleman propose to allow for the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. The House can suspend
the order whenever it sees fit-
Mr. ROSS. I suggest that there is to be
another session of Congress immediately after
this and there is no use working ourselves to
death.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object ?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I obiect t« the last
part—proceeding to business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. There are two motions.
Is there any objection to agreeing to the first
motion, that the House meet to-morrow and the
next day at ten o'clock?
No objection being made it was so ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask unanimous con-
sent that the House proceed to-morrow morn-
ing, as the first business in order after the
reading of the Journal, to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can the gentleman tell
us something about the character of the bills
on the Speaker's table that are deemed to be
important.
Mr. SCHENCK. There are a great many
of them. I cannot say definitely as to their
character.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
one moment to explain the reason of my
objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if this order shall be made it will stand_ in the
same condition as a special order, which re-
quires two thirds to make it, except as regards
appropriation bills; but the order can be dis-
pensed with at any time by a majority.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to state that I propose, with the leave of the
House, to have a vote upon the Indian appro-
priation bill very soon, and then if to-morrow-
we can get through the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill the other business can be taken up.
As soon as we get through those bills I shall
be quite willing and desirous to have the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio prevail. But it is
necessary that they should go the Senate very
soon or we shall lose the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill. «
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that if we
should rnakean order now to go to the Speaker's
table to-morrow morning we can devote to-day
and to-night as late as the House may be will-
ing to sit, and that perhaps will obviate the
necessity of laying aside the other business ;
and if we make the order now a majority of tho
House at any moment to-morrow after going to
business on the Speaker's table can lay aside
any particular bill or can stop proceedings
under the order, so that the matter will be
within the control of the majority of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
determine its order of business during the re-
mainder of the session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is there any way of ascer-
taining very briefly what the important business
on the Speaker's table is?
The SPEAKER. There are one hundred
and ten bills on the table. The Chair cannot
state about their importance. Gentlemen can
examine the Calendar.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that as the
Journal is very voluminous at this stage of the
session we can save a good deal of time by
dispensing with the reading of it for the re-
mainder of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I -withdraw for the pres-
ent the proposition I have made, and move
that the reading of the Journal to-morrow morn-
ing and the next morning be dispensed with.
But first I ask unanimous consent to-make that
order.  
Mr. BROOKS. I will not ask if this is in
order, but have we not a constitutional right
to have the Journal read?
The SPEAKER. It is read under the rules
of the House. The Constitution requires a
Journal to be kept, not that it shall be read ;
otherwise it could not be dispensed with by -
unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOKS. How will the House know
we have a Journal if it is not read?
The SPEAKER. It is kept under the direc-
tion of the Speaker.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of making the order.
