40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
cussed here. It has been up before the Sen-
ate, and the Senate lias voted upon it. Some-
how or other it has been brought to our
attention. I shall not assume in advance, on
the day that the committees are organized,
that they will not do their duty.
1 should be sorry to see the Senate so far
depart from the usual mode of proceedings as
to anticipate that one committee is favorable
and another unfavorable to a particular meas-
ure which is proposed, and that it is to go to
the hands of the friends of the measure. That
seems to be assumed here. I do not know that
the Committee on Military Affairs is any more
fiieiidiy to this measure than the Committee on
Indian Affairs, nor do I care how that maybe,
'lhe Indian Committee, in my judgment, is the
appropriate one to which the bill should bo
referred, and I hope the Senate will send it
there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say,
in reference to what has been remarked by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, that I have not
the slightest recollection of such a bill, ever
having been before the Committee on Indian
Affairs. It may have been, as my attention
has not been constant on that committee. But
I have not the slightest belief that there is, in
any sense whatever, an aversion on the part of
that committee to giving this subject a full and
proper consideration. I say so certainly for
myself, in the absence of the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, during the
Oregon Indian war this subject was investi-
gated by the Committee on Military Affairs,
and thntcouimittee came to the conclusion that
the Indian Bureau ought to be in the War De-
partment j that the War Department ought to
hare the care of Indian affairs; that miVions
of dollars of expense had been brought upon
the country by the change that had been made
ny transferring the bureau to the Interior De-
partment. Several times since the matter has !
been considered by that committee, and during
the last four or five years they have reported
two or three times on the subject. It is a well-
known fact that the Indian Bureau has been
very averse to this change, but it has been
strongly and urgently recommended that the
change should be made. Now, sir, as this bill '
came from the Committee on Military Affairs
m the House of Representatives, I proposed
that, it should be referred to the same commit-
tee in the Senate. I do not desire the care of
it, in anyway, and I am not at all strenuous as
to where it shall go. ft seems to me, however,
that, it is a matter that we should act upon. 1
believe that, millions and tens of millions have
been put upon this country by the change ori-
ginally made by the transfer from the War De-
pmtment. to the interior Department, and I
tbitia millions will be saved by putiing if where ;
it ought to he—in the War Department of this '
C-overumeot. I think a great deal of cheating
fimi ^tenting, that have been disgraceful to the
country, will be ended by this change. I cer-
tainly hop;,1, whatever may be the reference,
tnat we shall have an opportunity to act upon
11, and that speedily. I shall riot myself press
any farther the motion that the measure go to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. POMKROY. I think this is a snbiect
pccuiiarl.v appropriate for the Committee" on
Indian Aflairs: but I prepared a bill at the
la r. session, embodying somewhat similar pro-
visions to those contained in this bill, and sent
to that committee, or rather the Senate voted
that, it snould be referred to that committee,
and that, bill has been in the hands of the
Committee on Indian Affairs ever since. If
there was any reasonable assurance that this
bill would ever be reported I would vote to
send it there; but I do not think there is.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I feel
perplexed to know how to vote upon this mo-
tion. _ I agree with the honorable Senator from
ihmois^ that this is not a proper time to state
convictions of the merits of this measure. I
think, however, it is the proper time for the
Semite to remember thai this subject is im-
portant, that it is urgent, and that something
ought to be done, and that quickly, touching
Jndian affairs. I know, as the Senator from
ijj^nois has suggested, that in a formal sense
the Committee on Indian Affairs is the appro-
priate committee to which this bill should go,
because it relates to Indian affairs, but we
cannot shut our eyes to some facts which
stand in opposition to that propositiou. The
purpose of the bill is to remove a large subject
from the jurisdiction of the Committee 011
Indian Affairs ; and it is only saying of that
committee what is common to all committees
and to all men to affirm that the tribunal itself
which it is proposed to oust of a jurisdiction
is not ordinarily the best or wisest arbiter of
that, question.
Neither can we shut our eyes to the fact that
the Indian Committee, although just consti-
tuted, is the same committee that we have had
heretofore, and that, for some reason, this
subject has not commanded so much of the
attention of that committee as to bring itself
at all to the knowledge, or be brought to the
knowledge, of_ the honorable Senator from
Maine, one of the leading members of the
committee. Thus the subject is ushered in
with a very unpromising prospect if it goes to
the Committee on Indian Affairs; and it is, I.
believe, one of the quaint old maxims of the
parliamentary law that a child is not to be put'
to nurse with an unfriendly mother. Now,
this nursing mother has certainly not paid very
great attention to this particular offspring ;
and I insist, Mr. President, if it is to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, that
it should go there in the light of the assurance
which we have received from the honorable
Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayeii] and
the honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. Mor-
Rir.ij] that it will receive attention, and that it
will be brought forward, so that Senators may
vote upon it and express their convictions in
regard to it. If I doubted that, I should insist
by my vote that it should go to the Committee
ou Military Affairs; but trusting to this un-
derstanding, that despite the discouragement
ot the past we shall have an early report,, I
am willing to vote that the bill shall go to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. If Senators will consent,
I think I can suggest a means by which we can
got out of this difficulty, and which will event-
ually save, perhaps, some hours of discussion
in the Senate. I will move that the two com-
mittees—the Committee on Indian Aflairs and
the Committee on Military Affairs—be consti-
tuted a special committee to which this bill
shall bo leferred. I hope gentlemen on both
sides will accept this suggestion, because there
they can have a full investigation. The Mili-
tary Committee will not be able to complain
that they cannot have a report, because it will
have prompt action, and they can fully discuss
there a great _ many parts of the subject that
need not be introduced to the Senate when it I
shall come up for consideration. I make that :
motion, and hope that gentlemen willacccptit. !
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say j
one word in reply to the question raised by the '
Senator from New York as to the disqualifies- !
tion of the Committee on Indian Aflairs impar- i
tially to consider this question, retting on the '
supposed interest that they may have by reason 1
of f.hfiir jurisdiction over the subject which this I
measure proposes to take away. I ask the 1
honorable Senator if there is any force in that !i
logic: if the fact that the Indian Committee is |j
about to part with its jurisdiction over this J
subject is to be in the estimation of the Senate ij
a disqualifying fact, to tell the Senate, if he j!
will, what effect it will have upon that com-
mittee, which is supposed to extend its juris-
diction by the reception of this authority;
whether the Military Committee, who are de-
sirous of thus augmenting their jurisdiction,
are not equally disqualified with the Committee
on Indian Affairs according to that logic ? But
I regard that argument of my learned friend
rather as suggestive than otherwise.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
allow me a moment. I did not, remark that
either committee had a disposition to magnify
its jurisdiction. I simply remarked that the
statement made by the Senator from Illinois,
that the Indian Committee was the appropriate
committee, was to be taken with the qualifica-
tion that, as a general rule, the tribunal which
it was proposed to ougt of jurisdiction was not
the best tribunal in the world to determine
that question. I agree that that applies to the
Military Committee as it does to the Indian
Committee, and I do not consider it a disquali-
fying fact as to either j but I do consider it a
point in the ease going to show that if some
bettor arrangement—and I think the Senator
from California has suggested one—could be
made it would be just as well not to have this
measure go exclusively to either committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not very
serious in urging this point. I merely made
the suggestion that there did not seem to be
great force in the argument of the Senator
that it was a disqualifying fact. I think it
might be found to be impracticable to put these
two committees together. How are they to
act? As independent committees, or as one
joint select committee?
Mr. CONNESS. As one joint select com-
mittee—a special committee. They will organ-
ize whenever they meet without difficulty, I
apprehend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senate
think that is the proper way to dispose of the
subject I shall not interpose any objection ;
but still I think the subject had better go,
simple and distinct, to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Air. CORBETT. I desire to state, as my
friend from Maine has already stated, that this
subject of transferring the control of Indian
affairs to the War Department was somewhat
discussed in the Committee on Indian Affairs
at the last session; but I do not remember
that the chairman brought that hill to our
notice for discussion. Perhaps some reason
may be found why he did not do so in his
peculiar situation last year; but if the bill had
been brought before the committee I have no
doubt it would have received a fair examina-
tion and a fair report; and if such a bill i-s
referred to the committee now I believe it will
receive due consideration, and a report will be
presented to the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
there is a great amount of stealing m the
Indian department. I do not know how far
that may be the case ; but so far as my observa-
tion has gone I do not see that there is any
pore stealing in that department than perhaps
in some others that I could point out. I notice
by the reports laid before us that it costs be-
tween three and four million dollars to suppoit
three hundred thousand Indians; and 1 believe
that ill that section of the country where there
has been the least military force the expense
has been far less than in that portion of the
country where the military have been stationed
in force. In that portion of the country in
which I reside, in Oregon, where the military
were stationed adjacent to the Indian agencies,
there were constant troubles between "the sol-
diers and the Indians, arising from the associa-
tion of the soldiers with the Indians, and the
Government was compelled to remove those
troops from the neighborhood of the Indians.
A- post was established near the Siletz reser-
vation, but subsequently that post was broken
up. It cost the Government perhaps one hun-
dred thousand dollars a year. The Indians
are now being supported there, and during the
past year you have only appropriated for those
Indians some ten thousand dollars. I notice
that the expense of keeping up the Army,
according to the report of the department, is
$2,500 to each man, while the cost of support-
ing the Indians is some ten dollars a head.
It seems to me, when you consider the im-
mense expense of the Army, that you are not
going to materially, lessen the expenses of the
Government by transferring the Indian Bureau
to the War Department. In my opinion, the
