1144
MardESf;
The question was -pot on* SS*. S'chesoe's
motion; and (two thirdsvotiflgSn favor thereof)
the rales were suspended, and the order Was
Mr. SCHENCK. I now renew my propo-
sition, that at ten o'clock to-morrow morning
the House shall proceed to the consideration
of business upon the Speaker's table. It can
be laid aside whenever araajority so detewa&iftes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that will not be done until w® get through with
the miscellaneous appropriation bill. It is:
very necessary that that bill shall go to the Sen-
ate that it may be there examined, otherwise
we shall lose it.
Mr. CULiOM. Does the gentleman suppose
that the committee of the Senate will have time
to consider the miscellaneous appropriation
bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They will
not have unless we pass it at .once.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER.. The regular order is to
vote on the pending proposition, which is un-
debatable. The Chair did not arrest the debate,
because it was necessary that the House should
understand the condition of its business.
Mr. WOOD. If the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio should prevail will it be competent
for a majority to alter the order of business
to-morrow?
TheSPEAKER. Itwill atany time, precisely
as in the case of a special order. Whenever it
is reached a majority can lay it aside. This is
precisely the same. Between the consideration
of any two bills on the Speaker'stable a motion
can be made to dispense with the further
execution of the order.
Mr. CULLOM. Is the motion amendable?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not amendable.
Mr. SCOBTELD. Can I ask the gentleman
from,Ohio to modify his motion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
can modify his motion before the vote is taken.
Mr. SCOE1ELD. I want him to modify his
motion so as to move that only such bills shall
be taken up as the Committee of Ways and
Means shall state are important.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I object to that.
Mr. SCOP1ELD. A great many of the bills
on the Speaker's table are not only useless,
but some of them are mischievous.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House can lay aside
any bill by a majority vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demaud for the regular order then?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For that purpose I
do. I suggest to the gentleman from Ohio
that he can by a two-thirds vote take up any
of these bills from the Speaker's table. We
certainly cannot reach and dispose of the one
hundred bills on the table between now and
the adjournment. I suggest to the gentleman
that he make his motion so as to cover only
the particular bills which he wishes the House
to consider.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know them all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The probability is
that if we take up the bills in their regular
order we shall not reach his bills.
Mr. COlTURN. 1 desire to ask the Chair
whether the effect of the adoption of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio will not be
that we cannot go to business on the Speaker's
table to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The effect of the order
would be to dispense with a motion to go to
business on the Speaker's table to-day. That
motion is privileged every day after the morn-
ing hour. There has been a morning hour
to day, but the gentleman from Ohio moves to
postpone the right until to-morrow at ten
o'clock, and to leave to-day to the Committee
011 Appropriations.
Ml". BITI'LER, of achusetts. I move to
proceed to business upon the Speaker's table;
and pending that motion 1 move that the House
Fesol«e/itself! into Go^-mtotee'.ar^he MeSik'
Wife State of the Union on the, amendments off
the Senate to. the Indian appropriation bill. ,'
, Sr. SC BENOK. I belie vel have the "Soot.,
• The SPEAKER. The Chair woqld sta.te
that the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would not take the gentleman from
Ohio off the floor for the reason that he has
moved to suspend the rules and to suspend all
the rules thatstand .in the wayof his motion,
and the'motion to go to the' business on -the
Speaker's.table is; under the. rule?..
Mr. SCHENCK. I.ask fsr a vote on my
motion.
The question was put ; and there were—ayes
72, noes 70.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
pay of contestants.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the business pending when
the House took a recess on Saturday last, being
a resolution offered by Mr. Dawes and modi-
fied by him at the suggestion of Mr. Kerr.
The resolution will be read.
The ClerkTead the resolution, as.follows:
Resolved, ThattheClerkbe; and is hereby, directed
to pay, under the sanction of the Committee on Ac-
counts, the sum of $2,500 each to Simon Jones, J.
Willis Menard, and Caleb S. Hunt in full for time
spent and expenses incurred in contesting the right
to a seat in this House as a Representative from
Louisiana.
The question was upon agreeing tq the res-
olution.
Mr. DAWES. Upon that question I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 91, noes 39.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. FOX called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to have the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holm an] state his
objection to this resolution.
The SPEAKER. No debate is now in order,
pending the previous question.
The question was then taken ; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 66, not
voting 67 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos B. Ashley,
Bailey, Banks, Beatnan, Beck, Benton, Bingham,
Blackburn, Blair, Boutwell. Boyden, Buckley, Cake,
Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Cullom,
Dawes, Dickey. Dixon,Dodge. Donnelly, Eggleston,
Thomas D. Eliot. James 'J?. Elliott, J?erriss, Ferry,
French, Garfield, Goss, Griswold, Haughey, Hawkins,
Heaton. Hooper. Hopkins, Ingersoll, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd. Julian, Ke'sey,Kerr, Laflin. George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Maynaid. McCormick,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Myers,
Newsham, Norris, O'Neill. Orth, Perham, Peters,
Pierce, Poland, Pomeroy, RoberUon, Sawyer, Selye,
Shcllabarger, South, Spalding, Stewart, Stover, Sy-
pher, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Robert X. Van Horn, Van Wyek, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Henry 1). Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Whitteuiore, Jamos F. Wilson, and
Stephen F. Wilson—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Anderson, Archer, Baker,
Baldwin, Barnes, Benjamin, Bowen, Buyer, Burr,
Chanler, Coburn, Corley, Cornell, Deweese, Ecltley,
Eldridge, Fields, Fox, Gets, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Harding, Higby, Hill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Chester
D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd. Hun-
ter, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Ketcham, Kitchen,
William Lawrence, Loughridge, Marvin, McCul-
lough. Moore, Morrissey, Munsren, Newcomb, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Paine, Phelps, Pruyn.Ross.Schenck,
Scolield, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stokes. Taber,
Taylor, Van Auken, Van Trump, Ward, Welker,
Thomas WiUiams, William Williams, Wood, Wood-
ward. and Young—fi6.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Bamuro, Beatty, Blaine, Boles, Bioinwell,
Brooks, Broomali, Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick K. Butler, Callis,Header W.Clarke, Cook,
Covode, Delano, Dockery, Driggs, Edwards, Ela,
Farnsworth, Gove, Gravely, Grover, Haight. Halsey,
Hamilton, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jenckcs,
Kelley, Kellogg. Knott, Koontz, Lasb, Lincoln,
Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, McCarthy, McKee, Nunn,
Pettis, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pricc, Prince, Ran-
dall, llaum, Robinson. Roots, Starkweather, Stone,
Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, John
T. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—67.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the'motion to reconsider fee Md
on the .table. :" ' '
The latter motion was agreed to.
'. 3TH1S SENATE.' "
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gotham,
its Secretary,-informed the House that the,
Senate had passed without amendment a bill
of,the House No. 1877, for the relief of the
heirs and legal jrejjr.esentatives of Charles C.
Cook, deceased.
. The (nessage farther announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments, in which
the. concurrence of the House was requested, a
bill of the House No. 1879, for the relief of,,,
certain companies of scouts and guides organ-
ized in Alabama. ■.
The message farther announced that the
Senate had passed the fellowing-bills, in. which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 177) regulating the rights of
property of married women in the District of
Colufebia; and
An act (S. No. 726) to authorize imprison-
ment with hard labor as a punishment in cer-
tain eases:
mrs. susan a. shelby.
Mr. BINGHAM, I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Claims a bill
for the'relief of Mrs. Susan A. Shelby. The
committee look upon it as a meritorious claim,-
and the reason why I ask the consideration:
of the bill at this time is that the whole of
her money for her cotton is in the Treasury
of the United States, while all the property'
she has left is under execution for her debts,
and advertised for sale this day.
Mr. WARD. Has the bill received the
assent of the Committee of Claims?
Mr. BINGHAM. Undoubtedly it has; and
there is a full report made by the committee.
Mr. WARD. Does not this involve the same
question as the Sue Murphey claim ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. The loyalty
and good conduct of this lady is certified to by
some of our own generals and many prominent
citizens. I ask unanimous consent for its con-
sideration at this time.
No objection was made.
Accordingly the bill (H. R. No. 2015) for
the relief Mrs. Susan A. Shelby, of Port Gib-
son, Mississippi, was introduced; and read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Susan A.
Shelby, of Port Gibson, in the State of Mis-
sissippi, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $5,000, in
full for all claims for cotton taken, captured,
or sold by the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the report
accompanying this bill be printed, so that it
may go to the Senate with this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. PERHAM. The House has twice as-
signed an hour for the consideration of pension
bills, but each time other business, appropri-
ation bills, has supervened, and the Committee
on Invalid Pensions have not yet been able to
obtain the advantage intended by the assign-
ment of this time for their business. I now
ask unanimous consent that the House meet
this evening at half past six instead of half past
seven o'clock, and that the fivst hour of to-
night's session be devoted to the consideration
of pension business only, with the understand-
ing that at the end of that hour the House shall
proceed to the consideration of other business.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I object, unless we can
