992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
secession when it undertakes undejr the doc-
trine of State rights run-mad to destroy the
Government, to break up the system, if the
time ever comes that in this body, from any
quarter, East or West or North or South,
auy party stands forward to determine that this
is the Government and here is all power, and
that in Congress are to be vested all the powers
of government, that party will be equally at war
With the system. Both must be resisted; the
doctrine must be overcome; and 1 tell the Sen-
ator from Indiana that the doctrine of unquali-
fied centralization of power in this Government
is just as dangerous as the doctrine of seces-
sion. Both of them are at war with the Consti-
tution. I have fought them both whenever they
have appeared in this body, wherever I could
get at them, and I expect to do it while I live.
. I said, Mr. President, that I agreed with the
honorable Senator in some things which he has
stated as, to the history of the past. I acted
with the Dfemocratic party until 1851, when the
Missouri compromise was repealed. When
they repealed the Missouri compromise they
broke their faith to the country which was
pledged in 1852 upon the election of Franklin
Pierce as President, because it was pledged in
their platform that they would not disturb the
•slavery question which was settled in 1850.
In violation of. that pledge they did repeal the
Missouri Compromise and opened the slavery
agitation, followed as it was by tBfc border-rul'-
fian invasion of Kansas which subjugated that
Territory, elected a Legislature at the point of
the bayonet, forced slavery on that Territory
against their will. Because the Democratic
party did these things I, for one, was severed
J'nim them. The Senator from Indiana was
severed from them for the same reason. And
that party was overwhelmed for its violation
of the faith which it had given, for the viola-
tion of the pledge which the country had re-
ceived in the establishment of the Missouri
compromise. Aud, Republican Senators, let
me say to you, you have violated your faith to
the country, in my judgment, by the very dec-
laration which you made in the platform last
summer. The honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. SuMNEit] does not hesitate
l'rankly to avow that that resolution in the plat-
form was a double-faced resolution. It looked
to the South and said, " We have determined
to force negro suffrage upon you but it dared
not say to the people of the North, "We intend
to force it upon you;" audit said to them,
" It properly belongs to you; we cannot prop-
erly take it away trom you." And now you
are proposing to do it. 1 know the honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] said
that the true construction of the platlorm was
that it properly belougs to the people of the
loyal States to say whether negro suffrage shall
exist in those States or not. That must mean
one of two things; either that each State must
determine it lor itself, or that all the loyal
States are to determine the question for them-
selves. It cannot mean the latter, because by
your constitutional amendment if all the loyal
States of the North should unite in voting for
it that would not determine the question. No,
sir; the fair intendment of that language as
you used it in your platform was this : that
each State should for itself have the right to
determine the question, and that it should not
be taken from the people of the loyal States
against their will. That is the lair intendment
of it.
But, Mr. President, without going into a de-
tailed history, as the honorable Seuator has—
for i shall not follow him—what has occurred
since theolose of the war? In my judgment,
iu many of the acts which have been entered
upon, the Constitution of the United States
has itself been violated. ' I believe, as much
as I believe in my existence here, that in the
law which waspassed establishing military tri-
bunals and military government in the States of
the South, abolishing all civil government, deny-
ing all right of trial by jury, this party in power
m the Congress of the United States have justas
much violated the Constitution in that regard
as it ever was violated by any party in the his-
tory of the Government; and I believe,- also,
that in the trial case of McCardle, which came
before the Supreme Court, if a decision had
been rendered, instead of the jurisdiction of
the court being taken away by act of Congress
the court would have decided by a large ma-
jority that, your acts of reconstruction, so far
as they established this military authority in
the States of the South, wefe unconstitutional
and void.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word here at this poidt?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I was
holding an argument rather with the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon
orable Senator from Wisconsin whether if that
Supreme Court had given such a decision as
he has just spoken of it would have been of
any force whatever as against an act of Con-
gress passed for the reconstruction of those
States ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I believe
that if the Supreme Court had held in the case
of McCardle on the habeas corpus, which
brought it before them, that your military re-
construction law was unconstitutional, McCar-
dle would have been discharged from imprison-
ment and arrest, and that decision would have
been sustained by all the departments of the
Government. There would have been com-
plaint about it in Congress undoubtedly, but if
the court bad decided the case its decision
would have been acquiesced in.
I believe another thing, and I may as well
speak my mind freely about it. I believe that
if Chief Justice Chase had not hesitated to
deliver the opinion which the court were ready
to pronounce, as all the world understands—if
he had joined in that opinion, as I have no
doubt he would—he would have been nominated
at the city of New York last summer for Presi-
dent; and another thing I believe, he would
have been elected, just as certain as he isaliv-
ing man. But he failed to make the decision ;
he hesitated ; he let Congress steal his jurisdic-
tion away. It was too late. The gentleman
havingalluded to that subject, I have expressed
my opinion. Of course 1 do not speak from
authority; but an opinion is an opinion.
Mr. WILSON. Ilaveyougotalmostthrough?
Mr. DOOLITLLE. Do you want to adjourn?
Mr. WILSON. I want to make an arrange-
ment about to-morrow, when you get through.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If you want to make
any arrangement about the meeting to-morrow
I shall make no objection. [" Go on 1 "]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. We want to hear the rest
of that history.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was an opinion,
not history. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. The reason of my putting
the question I did a momeut ago to the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin was to signify to
him and to others that whatever might be his
opinion as to the right of the Supreme Court
of the United States under any circumstances
whatever to declare an act of Congress uncon-
stitutional, there is one Senator on this floor
at least, if there is no other, who utterly denies
the possession under the Constitution of any
such right by that tribunal or any other tribu-
nal of a judicial character in this country ; atid
that Senator is myself. •
Mr. DOOLITl'LE. I admit that the Sen-
ator from Missouri has been through revolution
once, and he is considerable of a revolutionist;
and that probably is his opinion ; but the great
mass of the people, especially in the loyal
States, have not been so much through revolu-'
tion yet but that they would be disposed to ac-
quiesce in the decision of the Supreme Court
in a case actually brought before it. That is
my answer to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. President, I should not have been drawn
into any remarks oil this occasion had it not
been for the speech of the honorable Seuator
from Indiana, [Mr. MoRios,]and particularly
that portion, of his speech where he seems to
claim that every man who maintains that the
States have rights under the Constitution and
ought to have rights under the Constitution is
only repeating the arguments of secessionists.
Sir, .what I claim is the rights of the States
under the Constitution, not outside of the Con-
stitution. I claim their rights under the Con-
stitution .which it guaranties to those States,
not a right to secede, not a right to nullify, not
a right to breakup the Government, but aright
to live in the Government and enjoy under the
Constitution the rights which it secures. That
is a very different thing from the doctrine of
secession; while at the same time I maintain
the rights of this Government, and the power
of this Government to put down rebellion, to
prevent a State from withdrawing itself from
the Union, because it is in violation of the
Constitution ; it is no right of a State; it is
utterly wrong, indefensible, unjustifiable, un-
constitutional.
Mr. President, I maintain that it is just as
necessary for us to insist upon the rights of the
States as upon the rights of the Federal Gov-
ernment. The time is coming, in my judgment,
when the people of the States will be aroused
to this question. The danger is that while we
have been exerting all the powers.of this Gov-
ernment, great and gigantic as they are, to put
down the secession of States, not in the exer-
cise of rights, but in the exercise of wrongs;
attempting to exercise powers which they have
not, and cannot have, under the Constitution,
our people are becoming accustomed to look
upon the exercise of these great powers by this
Government with indifference. Now that the
war is over and peace has come, what I desire
is a restoration of our system of government
as it was understood in the beginning, as it
was formed upon the two ideas of the rights of
the States and the rights of the Federal Gov-
ernment, each limiting the other, controlling
the other, to some extent, that by the joint
operation of the two forces the system may be
made complete.
Now, Mr. President, without dwelling longer
to-night—I may have something more to say
on these various amendments before the dis-
cussion comes to a close—I shall yield the
lloor for the present to any gentleman in favor
of this amendment who desires to make a
speech.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Wisconsin laid great stress upon the idea
that we were forcing this amendment upon the
people of the North, notwithstanding the
declaration made by our convention at Chicago
last summer ; and yet that honorable Senator
knows as well as he knows anything that no
action taken in this Capitol can force a consti-
tutional amendment upon the people of the
North. It never can be forced upon them by
any power outside of themselves. They are to
pass upon the amendment as we propose it,
and if it becomes a part of the Constitution of
the country then it is by their own act and their
own consent that it is done; so tkat we are not
forcing this matter upon the people of the
North ; we are only forcing upon them the de-
cision of the question by their own voice.
Mr. President, the whole argument of that
gentleman and of all the other Senators on the
other side who have spoken on this subject,
proceeds upon the doctrine that George H.
Pendleton laid down in 1864, that if every State
in this Union should unite in ratifying the con-
stitutional amendmentabolishingslavey except
one slavery would not be abolished iu that
one State. That is just exactly the dock-ins.
They limit the power of amendment in the
Constitution in that way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him. I hope the honorable
Senator does not mean to include me in that
category from anythingl have said. I believe
that I made the first speech in this body iu
favor of the amendment abolishing slavery.
Mr. DRAKE. I say, Mr. President, that
the whole doctrine of the opponents of this
measure in this debate has been to the purport
