1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
174a
Iiare a quorum present during the considera-
tion of these pension bills.
Mr. PEUHAM. Allow me to say that these
wounded soldiers have made for us and their
country much greater sacrifices than we would
make by coming here this evening an hour
earlier than usual for the purpose of spending
thai hour in the consideration of pension bills.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw my objection
with the understanding that we shall have a
quorum here, and that business shall be sus-
pended if there should not be a quorum.
The SPEAKER. If a division should be
demanded upon any bili it could not pass in
the absence of a quorum. If there be no objec-
tion the order proposed by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Perham] will be made.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION EII.L.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to move that the rules be suspended to order
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill,
and that the amendments of the Senate bo
non-concurred in. The Committee ou Appro-
priations have recommended non-concurrence
in a few amendments; but they are mostly
unimportant, though one or two are of some
importance.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do the committee rec-
ommend concurrence ill any of the amendments
attaching appropriations to carry out these new
treaties?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not one.
I propose that all the amendments, those in
which the Committee on Appropriations rec-
ommend concurrence as well as those ill which
they recommend non-concurrence, be non-con-
curred in.
I will state further that the impression upon
the mind of the committee is that they may
have to recommend an appropriation to feed
some of these Indians not under these treaties,
but at a very much less expense than the
treaties propose. I move that the Committee
of the Whole be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill ior the purpose I have
indicated.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by a
suspension of the rules. The gentleman irom
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] moves to suspend
the rules for the purpose of ordering that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the Indian appropriation bill, that the
amendments of the Senate be non-concurred
in, and that the House ask the appointment of
a committee of conference.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope the House
will not agree to the motion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The request for a com-
mittee of conference is not a part of the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Is it designed to
ask hereafter for a committee of conference ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. We do not propose a
conference unless the Senate shall ask it.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope, then, the House
will not suspend the rules.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the House non-concur
in those proper amendments in which the Com-
mittee ou Appropriations recommend concur-
rence we shall be obliged, of course, to have a
commitee of conference. Hence I am opposed
to the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to non-concur in those proper amend-
ments along with the improper ones. I think
the House ought to concur in those amendments
in which the Committee on Appropriations
recommend concurrence and non-concur in
the others. There will then be no necessity
for a conference. If the Senate will not recede
let the bill fall.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope the gen-
tleman will modify his motion in the manner
suggested by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Scofikld.]
40th Coxii. 3d Sess.—No. 110,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the House should proceed to the considera-
tion of the amendments any gentleman will
have a right to demand that each amendment
shall be read and acted on separately. There
are about one hundred and seventy-five amend-
ments.
Mr. WIXDOM. I demand that the amend-
ments shall be voted on separately.
The SPEAKER. That demand is not in
order now. The pending motion is to suspend
the rules for the purpose of dispensing with
separate action on the amendments.
Mr. PILE. Would it not be in order to move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of taking
a vote on those amendments in which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend concur-
rence and non-concurring in all the others'?
The SPEAKER. The House can suspend
the rules for any purpose whatever not incon-
sistent with the requirements of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. PILE. Then I suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that he make the motion
in the form I have suggested.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I certainly
am willing to submit to the judgment of the
House. I will mention some of the amend-
ments m which we recommend concurrence.
One is No. 15, making an appropriation for
a saw-mill for the Kiowas, Comanches, and
Apaches ; we, however, recommend an amend-
ment reducing the amount from $8,000 to
$7,000. Another is the amendment No. 19,
appropriating$750instead of y.308 for building
a dwelling-house for Tosh-ewa, the Comanche
chief. Another is the amendment No. 25, the
Senate proposing to appropriate $8,000 instead
of $5,600, the amount fixed by the House for
the erecti"n of a saw-mill for the Cheyennes and
Arapahoes. In thisamendment we recommend
concurrence with an amendment fixing the
amount at $7,000. We also recommend con-
currence in the fifty-fourth amendment, making
an appropriation of $15,000 for the Nisqually,
Puyallup, and other tribes, to pay forinsurance
and transportation. Another amendment in
which we recommend concurrence is the fifty-
sixth, making an appropriation for the relief
of the Navajoes at Fort Sumner. We also rec-
ommend concurrence in the one hundred and
forty-sixth amendment, substituting "thePres-
ident'' for " the Secretary of the Interior." In
the one hundred and seventy-fourth amend-
ment, providing for medallions to be distributed
among Indians, we recommend concurrence,
with an amendment making it read "medal-
lions of the President of the United States
instead of '• medallions of U. S. Grant, Pres-
ident of the United States."
Mr. WINDOM. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts propose to send medallions of
the President of the United States to the In-
dians with whom we have made treaties which
it is now proposed to violate ? Does he think
that they will be glad to get the medallion of
their Great Father under such circumstances?
Mr. ALLISON. I object to debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In the
one hundred and seventy-sixth amendment I
move to insert after the words "in"the pres-
ence of the head men of the tribe'' the follow-
ing: "and in the presence also of the agent
and superintendent.''
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to give notice that
1 shall demand a separate vote on each propo-
sition.
The SPEAKER. If the rules are suspended
it will suspend, as the gentleman well knows
from his long service here, all rules that stand
in the way of immediate action.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to concur in all the amendments of the Senate
which I have indicated and that all the others
be non-concurred in.
Mr. HOLBROOK. IIow many do the Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend we. shall
concur in ? I believe that they recommend this
House shall concur in about twenty-one of the
Senate amendments, and that it shall non-
concur in all the remaining ones out of the
one hundred and eighty that the Senate have
sent us. Are gentlemen willing to vote down
all those amendments withouthavingthem read
or explained ?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I wish to say a word.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to debate.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a parliamentary
question. What becomes of this bill if the
Senate should refuse to receive this bill under
the direction of the House ?
The SPEAKER. Each House has the right
to concur or non-concur in amendments sent
to it. If either House should non-concur m
amendments of the other and refuse to refer
the disagreeing votes to a committee of con-
ference the bill would then be lost.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
68, noes 55.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kelsey and
Mr. Wisdom were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 75, noes 50.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not having voted in favor thereof.
china.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
Referring to my communication to Congress of the
26th ultimo, concerning a decree made by the United
States charge d'affaires in China on 1st. of June last,
prohibiting steamers sailing under the flag oi' the
United States fiorn using or parsing through the
Straw Shoe channel ou the langtze river, I now
transmit a copy of a dispatch of the 2Jd of August
last(Xo.23JtrumS. Wells Williams, esq.,and ot buch
ot the papers accompanying it as were not contame 1
in my former communication. I also transmit a copy
of the reply of the 6th instant made by the Secretary
of State to the above-named dispatch.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
"Washington", February 23,1869.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
mexico.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit to Congress a copy of a convention be-
tween the United States and the Mexican republic,
providing for the adjustment of the claims ot citi-
zens. of either country agaiiibt the other, signed on
the 4th day of July last, and. the ratifications of which
were exchanged on the 1st instant.
It is recommended that such legislation as may be
necessary to carry this convention into effect shall
receive early consideration.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 24,1869.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and the question of printing
the document was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
MISCELLANEOUS APPUOPKIATIOX BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules to lay aside in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian
appropriation bill in order to take up the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
71, noes 39 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
Ross.
The House again divided j and the tellers
reported—ayes 94, noes 8.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the miscellaneous
appropriation bill} and pending that motion I
move that all general debate on that bill shall
be closed in ten minutes.
Both motions were agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr*
