1746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Dawes in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 2007, making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending Jane 30,1870,
and for other purposes.
By unanimous consent the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. SPALDING. Allow me two minutes
and you may have the remaining eight.
Mr. BROOKS. I will allow you the first
five minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say to the
committee that it is highly important to the
interests of the country that this bill should be
passed, and I think unless it is passed to-day
it will fail in the Senate It is a very important
bill. It involves an appropriation of some
eight million dollars, but the items are few,
mainly embraced in three. One is to carry
into execution the loan laws, printing bank
notes and Treasury notes. That is an item of
some thirteen or fourteen hundred thousand
dollars. Then the whole light-house estab-
lishments supported by appropriations in this
bill, and the expenses of the revenue-cutters
are also provided for here.
Now, 1 hope the committee will give the bill
their attention and offer as few amendments
as are practicable. We are willing to enter-
tain all reasonable propositions for amend-
ments, but the Committee on Appropriations,
with an eye to economy, have exercised some
liberality toward the Government, or toward
the Administration that is to carry on the Gov-
ernment; and while we think we have not
offered too much we hope we have not offered
too little in this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I have risen, Mr. Chairman,
merely to call the attention of the committee
once more to the enormous appropriations of
the public money for the printing of the pub-
lic money. 1 stated the other evening to a
small House that the expenses of printing at
ttie Public Printing Office had amounted since
its establishment to over eleven million dollars.
The bill now before us proposes to appropriate
for the coming year $1,300,000 for that print-
ing oflice. I am not in the majority, and I have
no control over public affairs; therefore I sub-
mit no proposition. But I invoke the atten-
tion of gentlemeti on the other side to the fact
that this printing establishment is an enor-
mously costly thing, far more so, I think, than
it ought to be. I have not examined into the
particulars, but the cost of printing the public
money and bonds has been, is, and promises
to be in the coming years, enormous. It is
time the printing of the public money was sep-
arated from the public Treasury building. The
printing office there is a nuisance, a nuisance
to all the officers and employes in that Depart-
ment, and unless it is separated therefrom and
those who have charge of the disbursements
necessary therefor are held to a strict respon-
sibility or it is given out by contract there is
no probability whatsoever that there will be
any decrease in the expenses. Nor is there
any certainty in my mind that the public money
can be safely printed hereafter as it has been
done heretofore. As we approach that de-
sirable era, though far, far in the distance,
when a dollar again may once more mean a
dollar, when the golden eagle may once more
jingle in our pockets and be visible to the pub-
lic eye, I trust the attention of Congress, and
more especially of the Committee on Appro-
priations, will be directed to an entire reform
m this bureau, which within six years has
grown up to be one of the most expensive
bureaus of this Government.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by par-
agraphs for amendment, and read the follow-
ing:
In the Treasurer's office:
I''or four clorks, at $1,800 each, ST,200; fourteen
clerks, at $1,603 each, $22,400; eleven clerks, at SI,400
each, ^15,400; ten clerks,at £1,200each,$12,000; three
messengers, at, §840 each, $2,520; six laborers, at $720
each, $4,320; four laborers, at $432 each, $1,728; fifty
female clerks, at $900 each. $45,000; contingent ex-
penses, $1,000; mail, $111,588.
Mr. HOLMAN. I notice the Committee on
Appropriations in reporting this bill have over"
looked a change which the House has made in
relation to the pay of female clerks. I there-
fore move to strike out "$900" as the pay of
female clerks and to insert " $1,200 and also
to increase the aggregate from "$45,000" to
'•$60,000."
Mr. SPALDING. I wish the committee to
understand that these appropriations upon
which we are now acting have heretofore been
made in gross; that is, we have appropriated
a million and a half or two million dollars, as
the case might be, to cover all the expenses of
the loan department and the printing depart-
ment. But our chairman, [Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois,] who, I regret to say, is kept away
by sickness, feeling as if economy might be
introduced into this branch of the Government,,
visited in person the Treasury Department and
ascertained what kind of employes of the sev-
eral descriptions were necessary in order to
carry out this object, and after his interview
with persons who are skilled in this matter in
the Department made out these estimates.
Now, I am informed that some of these
females are very young misses who receive only
two, three, and four hundred dollars each ;
little girls who carry papers and notes and bills
from one room to another, and their pay is
graduated according to the importance of their
work, some of them getting as high as $900,
some $720, some $500, and some perhaps $250.
Now, really I do not know where to make the
discrimination here. If the chairman of the
committee were present he could tell where it
occurs ; but I think it safe for us to adopt the
schedule as he has presented it. I know he
does not put the salary of any female clerk
above $900, and I hope the committee will
evince no disposition in this printing depart-
ment to put them above $900. I do not say
that these females are not of as good character
as any of the females employed in otherbureaus;
I will not say that, but I do say that they are
well paid with the compensation as it stands in
this bill.
The amendment offered by Mr. Holman was
rejected.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
In the Register's office :
For five clerks, at $2,000 each, $10,000; fourteen
clerks, at SI,800 each, $25,200; nine clerks, at $1,600
each,$14,400; oneclerk at-S1,200; five messengers, at
$840 each, $4,200; four laborers, at $720 each, $2,880;
one hundred and forty female clerks, at $900 each,
$126,000 ; for contingent expenses, $1,000; in all,
$184,880.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the par-
agraph by striking out in line fifty-two the
word " nine" and inserting " twelve," so as to
make the salary of the one hundred and forty
female clerks $1,200 each. I have made this
motion for the purpose of ascertaining, if I
can, the reason for distinguishing between
these female clerks and those provided for in
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill. The Committee on Appropria-
tions agreed that if it was deemed expedient by
the House to put the female clerks on the same
footing as to the lowest class of male clerks,
$1,200, that principle should be carried out in
all the pro'visions of that bill. Now, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio, who has charge of this bill,
is able to say that the one hundred and forty
female clerks authorized to be employed in the
Register's office are to perform different labors
from those enumerated in the other bill, then
I will not press this motion. But, on the
other hand, if they stand upon the same foot-
ing and discharge the same class of duties, I
think the principle which has been already
adopted should be carried out here. There is
no reason for the discrimination apparent on
the face of the bill, and the House has already
expressed its determination to do away with
this ungallant and almost unaccountable dis-
crimination that is made. If these female
clerks are to perform the same amount of labor
they ought to get the same pay. It is a mere
question of even-handed justice. Unless the
gentleman from Ohio will say that the service
to be performed by these one hundred and
forty female clerks in the Register's office is
different from the service required of clerksin
other bureaus, then I insist that the House ia
already committed to the adoption of the piin-
ciple of fixing their compensation at the same
that is paid to male clerks of the same class.
I know the gentleman from Ohio, with his
sense of justice, will not consent that for the
same labor these women shall receive a smaller
compensation than is paid to men.
Mr. SPALDING. I understood the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman the other day
to the legislative, &c., appropriation bill to
relate to the clerks in the office of the Treasurer
of the United States, and that officer, I think,
at One time recommended that where his female
clerks performed the same duties as his first-
class male clerks they should have the same
pay. That did not seem to me so objection-
able. But with respect to this class of clerks
with whom we are now dealing we have no re-
quest of that sort from the head of the bureau,
or from any quarter. We do not know that
the female clerks themselves are at all dissat-
isfied with the pay we allow them, $900 a year,
and we are paying some men in this same
Printing Bureau much less than we pay these
female clerks. I think $900 is enough.
The question was put on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and there were—ayes 20, noes
52; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 71.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
In the First Comptroller's office :
"For three clerks, at $1,400 each, $4,200; eight female
clerks, at $900 each, $7,200; in all, $11,400.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend the clause
relating to female clerks by striking out "$900"
and inserting "$1,200."
Mr. Chairman, the question of rewarding
female labor employed by the Government of
the United States has frequently been referred
to in the discussions upon appropriation bills
at this session and at previous sessions. The
Government of the United States stands in a
different position with reference to labor and
rewarding its employes from that occupied by
a commercial or manufacturing establishment
employing labor. A commercial house or a
manufacturing establishment employing labor
is compelled to look upon the price paid for
that labor as a part of the cost of the article
which it buys or which it manufactures for sale.
And they are compelled to hire that labor in
the cheapest market in order to sell in compe-
tition with other manufacturers conducting the
same business.
The Government of the United States is in
an entirely different position. It is not com-
pelled to look at the wages of its employes in
the light of competition, because it has no
competition. It can reward its employes in a
just and a fair manner. When we look at the
amount of labor and the character of the labor
to be performed by these employes here sought
to be provided for we find that it is as well
done by the women of the country as it can be
done by the men. And we have the authority
of the the Secretary of the Treasury that in
many of the bureaus under him the labor has
been done better by the female employes than
it has been done by the male employes. There-
fore I say this is simply a question of justice,
not only to the individuals directly concerned,
but to others. And it is necessary to have
this indorsement by the Government in order
to-call the attention of the country to this large
class of helpless and needy individuals. The
avenues to female labor in this country are so
much restricted that the greatest amount of
suffering prevails among the classes who are
dependent upon their own resources for a
livelihood. A recent advertisement in the city
where I reside, asking for one employ^, at a
compensation of $1 50 per week, was answered
by five hundred and forty applicants. I sub-
mit to the intelligence and fairness of gentle-
