994
THE CONGRESSIONAL • ^LOB®.
February -8,
Mr., DRAKE. I answer without hesitation,
not at all, sir. I stand to my position, and the
Senate of,the United States and the House of
Representatives of the United States have
both got to eome to It some time or other, or
else probably submit tQ have their powers and
energies crippled by tbe decisions of that court
or some other United States court!
Mr. WHY.TE. I ask my friend from Mis-
souri how'he will explain that section of the
Constitution,'section two, article three, which
The judicial power-shall extend to alt eases in
law, and equity arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the united States, and treaties made or which
shall be made under their authority."
_ Mr. DRAKE. I have no explanation to
giv6'about' it now, "except simply to deny that
the judicial power of that court contains and
includes political power. I deny that the right
to 'invalidate a law, to cripple it, to sweep it
off the statute-book, is or can be under any cir-
cumstances a judicial power. It is apolitical
power. At some future time, if opportunity
offer, I will, as I said before, present my views
at length on this whole subject.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
want to know if the gentleman will allow me
to - ask him a question. I want to know if he
will give way to a motion to adjourn.
' Mt. DRAKE. I understood this matter was
to be closed out to-night. I am anxious to
hear the crow of that cock that the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] spoke
about as likely to be heard before we get
through with this matter.
Mr. DAYIS. Mr. President, will the hon-
erable Senator——
Tbe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator hav-
ing referred to me, will he allow mo to read a
passage from the opinion of Chief Justice Mar-
shall in the case ol McCulloch vs. State of
Maryland?
Mr. DRAKE. Sir, I am quite familiar with
that, I think.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to put it in the
Senator s speech.
Mr. DRAKE. Is that the cock crowing that
the honorable Senator wants us to hear?
[Laughter.] But, Mr. President, I had no
idea when I got up to say a few words here
that I was to occupy so much time as this. I
had no intention of doing it.
, Mr. DAVIS. I think I have heard the cock
Crow. I think the honorable Senator is the
game-cock from Missouri. [Laughter.]
Mi'. DRAKE. I thought 1 was only adrako,
sir. [Laughter.] But certain it is, Sir. Presi-
dent, that it when I reach the venerable years
of the distinguished Senator from Kentucky 1
shall be as game a cock as he is, I can cry cock-
a-doodle-doo at any time of the night. [Laugh-
ter.! But, Mr. President, I do not intend to
continue this discussion.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, let me read tbe
passage. I can 'show the honorable Senator
to morrow four acts of Congress that have been
declared by the Supreme Court to be unconsti-
tutional in their judgment. I will read the pas-
sage to which I referred my honorable friend
m this opinion of Chief Justice Marshall in the
case of McCulloch vs. Maryland:
i ,w?re i's necessity less apparent, none can
deny its being an appropriate measure
That is, the Bank of the United States—
and if it is, the degree of its necessity, as has been
very justly ooserved. is to be discussed in another
?i, .. * * " " Should Congress, in
1'".nofits powers, adopt measures which are
JinH.iVtho ^y the'Constitution; or should Congiess,
lor ih« ™tr\ ot e3£cJHtmg its Powers, pass laws
a vcmmm? '! eini ?f objects no t intrusted to the
this tSnal'become the painful duty of
como before U fias? r®««lrlnS such a, decision
law^of tile land. ^ Umt SUch an act was not
Yes, Mr. President, when-
ever that court does assume to itself the power
to declare any act of Congress unconstitutional
and void, then begins the struggle for suprem-
acy m this country. F
. Mr. EDMUNDS. They have done so forty
years ago. ■ . ■
Mr. DRAKE. They have not;done it forty
years ago. They have not interfered with the
administration of this Government. When-
ever they do, then the question will ooDfie up
whether the two Houses of Congress, in the
exer-cise of their high constitutional functions
as. the embodiment of the sovereignty of this
great nation, coming direcft from the people,
are to lie at the mercy from day to day of a
tribunal created by themselves.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, (at
two o'clock andeighteen minutes a. m.) Mr.
President, w.e are discussing a proposition to
amend the fundamental law- of the land. It
seems to me that the discussion of such a proposi-
tion should set aside all mere questions of party
politics, because the question underlies party
politics. Well now, sir, just compare the dis-
cussions here this evening with the discussions
in the Constitutional Convention which framed
our Constitution. They are upon the same
subject, or should be; but we have discussed
this evening—and I do not mean to reflect upon
Senators at all—every power and every ques-
tion in the Constitution; we have discussed pol-
itics; we, have discussed ethnology and astron-
omy and chemistry, and about all the sciences
in the whole circle of knowledge. Now, it
does seem to me that we are making no prog-
ress. It seems to me that we had better go
home and vote upon this question when we
have a full Senate.. It is important for the
present; it takes hold of the future as well as
the past: and I. think we are making no prog-
ress, and we are doing ourselves no good and
getting no honor before the country in discuss-
ing all sorts of questions upon an amendment
to the Constitution. I therefore move that we
adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not yield the floor,
except to some remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator from Now Hampshire. I thought the Sen-
ator when he began his remarks was going to
say something to me.
Mr, PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
thought the gentleman was through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will say that when a Senator yields for a speech
he yields the floor for good.
Mr. DRAKE. It was under a misapprehen-
sion. Am I recognized by the Chair, or does
this motion to adjourn cut me off?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
pro tempore. If there
was a misapprehension of the rules on the part
of the Senator the Chair will not regard the
motion as pending.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to continue my
speech any more to-night. I merely wish to
remark that I think it is not very good-natured
on the part of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire to go oft' in the early part of the
night to enjoy himself at a party and then come
back and try togetus all to adjourn. [Laughter. 1
Mr. NORTON. I ask my friend from New
Hampshire to withdraw his motion to adjourn
and I will renew it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn was made while another Senator
had the floor, and consequently cannot be put.
Mr. DRAKE. I have given up the floor
now.
Mr. NORTON. I understood the Senator
from New Hampshire had the floor to make a
motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was
a misapprehension about it. The Senator from
Missouri had not yielded the floor.
Mr. NORTON. Well, then, I will make the
motion to adjourn, having the floor. At the
recess to-day I had expected to address the
Senate upon this subject this evening, but the
discussion took such a wide range that I did
not care to engage in it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is quite early.
I hope we shall not adjourn now.
Mr. NORTON. Itis almost too early for me.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Oregon to the amendment of the
■ committee.
, Mr. HOWARD. What is the amendment?
Let it be read. , ..
The-Chief Ci-erk. The amendment pro-
. poses to strike out all of. section one of the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and to insert in lieu thereof; the fol-
lowing :
. Congress shall have power to abolish or modify
any restrictions upon the right.to vote or hold office
prescribed, by the constitution or laws of any State.
Mr.. DAVIS.., Mr. President, my honorable
friend from Indiana [Mr. Mortok] referred to
myself, in connection with other Senators, as
having given some support to the doctrine of
nullification. I choose, at this late hour of
the evening, to disclaim that that is my posi-
tion. My position is simply this: according
to proper language, there is no sovereignty in
the United States or in any of the.States; the
sovereignty resta with the people. The peo-
ple divided their sovereignty, and they dele-
gated it to two Governments; that is, to two
classes of Governments. They delegated a
portion of it to the Government of the United
States by the Constitution. The rest of the
sovereignty of the people of the United States
is in the people respectively of the States. My
position is, that as to the sovereignty and pow-
ers delegated by the Constitution of tbe United
States to the Government of the United States,
the Government of the United States and the
United States are a nationality. Within the
scope and operation of all the sovereignty and
of all the power delegated by the Constitution
to the United States, the United States exer-
cises the full and entire sovereignty delegated
to it by the people in the Constitution.
My other position in relation to that subject
is, that as to the sovereignty not delegated by
the Constitution to the people but reserved to
the States the States are sovereign ; and the
States are as much sovt-reign, within the scope
of their reserved sovereignty and powers, as
the Government of the United States; and the
United States are sovereign within the sphere
of the powers delegated to the United States
and to the Government of the United States
by the Constitution. I hope that my position
is understood. That distinction has been taken
repeatedly and sustained by the judgments of
the Supreme Court. There is not a comment-
ator upon the Constitution of the United States,
from the Federalist and Hamilton and Madi-
son down, that does not recognize the same
partition of sovereignty and the same exclusive
and paramount authority of the States as to
all the sovereignty and power reserved by them,
and so of the United'States in relation to all
the sovereignty and powers delegated to the
United States by the Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
from Kentucky will allow me to say a word,
I am not entirely certain that I fully compre-
hend his idea of sovereignty. He speaks of
sovereignty as resting in the people. Let me
inquire of the honorable Senator what people
he refers to—the whole people of the United
States, constituting in and of themselves an
imperial popular community? Are those the
people in whom the ultimate supreme sover-
eignty rests, or is it in the people of the several
States ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the question of
the honorable Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have a
further explanation. I know the honorable
Senator intended to make himself understood
and it is very important to me that I should
clearly understand him, because it strikes me
he is advancing something new.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will endeavor to make myself ex-
plicit. My pesition is, that as to powers dele-
gated to the United States and the Government
oi the United States by the Constitution, that
portion of the sovereignty belongs to ail the
people of the United Slates; that itis a dele-
gated sovereignty from all the people of the
united States to that extent. So far a3 the
