1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
men upon this floor that there can be no occa-
sion for them to reject my amendment.
[Here fhe hammer fell.]
Mr, SPALDING. We have twice taken the
sense of the Committee of the Whole on this
very subject; and as I am not to be hereafter a
candidate for either Congress or matrimony,
[laughter] I shall say nothing further on the
subject.
The amendment of Mr. Barnes was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
■ For carrying out the provisions of the acts of
August SO, 1852, for the better protection of the lives
of passengers on vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and of the acts amendatory thereof, the
following sums, to-wit: for the salaries of the super-
vising and local inspectors, $76,800: fortho traveling
expenses of the supervising inspectors, SlO.OtiO; for
She traveling expenses of the local inspectors, $15,000:
Provided, That whenever thepublicinterest requires
it any local inspector may be allowed for travel in
any one year a sum not exceeding $700: for the sal-
ary and traveling expenses of a special agent of the
Pepartment, $3,600; for the expenses of the meeting
of the board of supervising inspectors, including
travel and necessary incidental expenses, printing
of manual and report, $4,000; for stationery, for fur-
niture of offices and repair thereof, for repair and
transportation of instruments, and for fuel and lights,
$13,000.
Mr. SPALDING-. The paragraph following
this is headed " Miscellaneous. " I move that
that heading be transferred to just preceding
the paragraph last read.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to insert after the
paragraph last read the following:
For continuing the work, according to existing law,
on the rapids of the Mississippi river, known as the
[lock Island rapids, $150,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Price] will withdraw his amend-
ment lor the present; he will have an oppor-
tunity to make it in another part of the bill.
Mr. PRICE. This is a very good place for
my amendment. I offer it to come in after a
paragraph which begins—
For carrying out tho provisions of the acts of Au-
gust 30, 1852, for the better protection of the lives of
passenger.-. on vessels piopelled in whole or in part
Lv steam, and of the acts amendatory thereof, the
following sums, &c.
It will be remembered that a year ago an
appropriation was made by this House tor the
improvement of these rapids. The bill mak-
ing that appropriation went to the Senate,
where it still lies unacted upon.
There are five bars or chains of rocks across
these rapids within a distance of sixteen miles.
Three of those chains have been taken out by
the appropriations made by Congress within
the last two years; two of them still remain
to be taken out. The parties who are there
taking out these rocks have their machinery
and appliances on the spot. I need not say to
the Committee of the Whole that if we do not
continue the work now while the tools, ma-
chinery, and appliances are there, but these
contractors are compelled to abandon the work,
it will require additional expense to the Gov-
ernment to get the same tools, the same ma-
chinery, the same appliances on the ground in
order to get at the work on a future day.
In addition to that, it must be very plain to
any gentleman who will give the subject a mo-
ment's consideration that although three of
these chains of rocks have been taken out a
boat cannot be taken over the rapids until the
other two chains of rocks are taken out. There-
fore the expenditure up to this time does not
avail the commerce of the country anything
until the other two chains are removed. The
Committee on Commerce at this session have
not reported ; they have not had an opportu-
nity to report. Consequently no appropriation
could come before the House in the river and
harbor bill, no such bill having been reported.
Hence I offer this amendment to the miscella-
neous appropriation bill that the work on these
rapids may not cease.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, Ishould
be very glad to see my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Price] accommodated in this respect by an
appropriation of $lo0,000 to improve the rap-
ids of the Mississippi river. But, sir, this is
nota river and harbor bill; and if we commence
with one appropriation of this kind it will be
followed by the offering of every river and har-
bor appropriation that was contained in the
bill we sent to the Senate some time ago. We
here are not responsible for the failure of the
Senate to act on that bill. I hope we shall not
commence putting appropriations of this char-
acter in the miscellaneous bill, which is de-
signed to contain only such items as are neces-
sary to carry on the wheels of Government.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to say that, accord-
ing to my recollection, the bill which was sent
to the Senate contained no other appropriation
resting upon the same ground as this.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 will say to the gentle-
man that I have just received information that
the bill which we sent to the Senate has been
amended there by inserting this very appro-
priation, and will probably pass the Senate.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 8, noes 52; no quorum voting.
Mr. PRICE. I must insist on tellers, for I
am satisfied that if this amendment were prop-
erly understood it would be adopted.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Price and
Mr. Spaldixg were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, SiOO.OUO.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph just read.
Mr. Chairman, it will be recollected that in
the deficiency bill passed here last Friday there
was an item of §50,000 to supply a deficiency
in this same fund. I suppose there must be a
mistake in inserting this item in this bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I will state for the inform-
ation of my friend from Missouri [Mr. Bex-
jamixj that the Department asked for $300,000
for this purpose for the next fiscal year. The
committee cut down the amount to $100,000.
We could not do any less. These sailors pay
every month their hospital money into the
Treasury to be taken care of for this very pur-
pose. In these expenditures we only return to
them their own money.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that this appropriation is for
the next fiscal year?
Mr. SPALDING. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then why is it called a
deficiency ?
Mr. SPALDING. We did not appropriate
a sufficient amount last year : and in the defi-
ciency bill we made an appropriation for the
present fiscal year. This appropriation is for
the fiscal year beginning next July.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then you ought to strike
out the word ''deficiency."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the construction of four steam revenue-cutters,
namely, one tor Alaska; one for Columbia river, Ore-
gon ; one for Mobile, Alabama, and one tor Charles-
ton, Sou th Carolina. $300,000: Provided, That said cut-
ters shall not cost more than the sum hereby appro-
puated: And provided further, Thot the Secretary of
the Navv be authonzed to transfer the revenue-cutter
S. P. Chase irom the great Jakes to Boston, Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. IIULBURD. I raise the point of order
that the last proviso of the paragraph just read
is out of order because it proposes new legis-
lation.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not question the
right of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hulburd] to raise the point of order; but I
beg that he will hear me first. This cutter S.
P. Chase  
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order on the ground that the proviso
proposes independent legislation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move to amend
by striking out the paragraph. 1 do not know
whether this motion ought to prevail, but I
make it for the purpose of getting information.
Has not the Government enough vessels of one
kind or another not m use to supply the place
of these revenue-cutters ? Is it necessary that
we should build three more revenue-cutters for
this service?
Mr, SPALDING. The chairman of the
Committee on Commerce [Mr. Eliot, of Mas-
sachusetts] can explain this matter to the satis-
faction of the gentleman. I think that these
cutters are imperatively necessary to prevent
smuggling on those coasts ; and the Secretary
of the Treasury assures us that these cutters
will save annually four times the cost of their
construction. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce to tell what he knows
about it.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, in reply to the inquiry of the gentleman
from Illinois, I have to say that the Committee
on Commerce, under the instruction of the
House, had this matter in charge, and they
gave to it a good deal of consideration. When
I had the honor to take charge, of the business
of the committee as chairman I found several
memorials and requests from the Treasury
Department calling the attention of the com-
mittee to the importance of having these steam-
ers built. Last year the Secretary of the
Treasury did all he could to induce Congress
to make the appropriation at that time. No
action was taken then ; and it has been found
since then that there has been in point of fact
no power within the control of the Secretary
of the Treasury to perform the duties which
the law imposed upon him, because Congress
has withheld from him the steamers absolutely
necessary for the performance of the duties
required. There was not any of the naval
vessels of a suitable character and description
for the purpose wanted either on the coast of
Alaska, the Pacific coast, or in the waters of
the Gulf States. There are two side-wheel
steamers wanted at the South and two pro-
peller steamers wanted at the North; and I
take it upon myself to say, from the informa-
tion I have from the Department, that it will
be utterly out of the power of the incoming
Secretary of the Treasury, as it has been out
of the power of the outgoing Secretary of the
Treasury, to fulfill his duties in that regard
unless this appropriation is made.
I was inclined to urge that the amount called
for might be reduced, and went personally to
the Treasury Department for the purpose of
having that investigated. I examined the esti-
mates and found that the amount asked for was
the lowest sum for which these vessel could be
constructed.
Mr. WASHBDRN, of Wisconsin. Are there
not revenue-cutters on the lakes which will
answer for that purpose ?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. There is but
one steamer which can be brought out at all,
as I understand. There are some on the lakes
out of commission, and something ought to be
done in reference to them. As 1 understand,
excepting the steamer S. P. Chase, which is
the subject of the proviso, there are none of
these steamers which can be taken for that
purpose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Karxswokth's amendment was rejected.
Mr. PAINE. If it be in order after the vote
just taken I move to strike out the first three
words, " one for Alaska."
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, who knows these things much
better than I do, whether there are not vessels
in the Navy which can be used for that purpose
without this expense?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Prom the
best information I have there is not one that
can be used for that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to inquire in that
case whether we did not last year, when this
bill was under consideration, vote to lay up
three or four revenue-cutters that we did not
need in the service ?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. 1 will explain
that matter. The revenue-cutters to which
allusion has been made by the gentleman from
Ohio wfi-e iii'V. r constructed for the lakes at
the instance either of the Committee of Cum-
