1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48
this subject of sufficient importance Jo give it
a reference to its appropriate committee that
it may have a thorough examination, and then,
i f necessary, it may be referred to the Military
Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the reference of the bill to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. WILSON". I suggest that the call for
the yeas and nays be withdrawn.
Mr. THAYER. I wit,lsdra%v the call.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
withdrawn if there be no objection. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, transmitting a tabular statement
in duplicate, showing, as far as the accounts
of Indian superintendents and agents have
been received upto June 00,1868, the disburse-
ments of funds appropriated for incidental,
contingent, and miscellaneous purposes of
Indian intercourse for the year ending June
30, 1868; whichwasreferred to the Committee
oil Indian Affairs.
message from the iiodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 1484) to relieve fromdis-
abilities Franklin J. Moses, of South Carolina ;
A bill (H. II. No. 1485) providing for an
election in Virginia: and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 372) directing
the sale of the steamer Atlantic.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 658) to relieve from
disabilities Franklin J. Moses, a citizen of
South Carolina.
senator from georgia.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of re-
ferring the credentials of Mr. Hill, of Georgia,
I move that they be taken upfor consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the request of the
Senator-elect I move to refer his credentialsto
the Committee on the Judiciary, as the desire
has been expressed by several Senators to have
the opinion of that committee, although he
wishes prompt action.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that with the creden-
tials the memorials and other papers relating
to that, question be referred also.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let all the
papers be referred, the communication of
Governor Bullock and also the other commu-
nication.
Mr. SUMNER. The memorial presented
by my colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. All those papers should
be referred at the same time.
The PRESIDENTp^emjoore. The motion
embraces all the papers relating to the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of the
New Ilaven, Middletown, and Willimantic
Railroad Company, praying that the bridge
across the Connecticut river, to be constructed
by that company, may be declared a lawful
structure and a post road for the passage of the
mail of the United States ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented the petition of the Shore
Line railway, praying for the passage of an
act authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Connecticut river by that railway ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLEY presented papers in_ relation
to the claim of It. W. Dawson which were
referred to tho Committee on Claims.
Mr,. TICKERS presented the me'thorial of
William Cornell Jewett, in relation to the pro-
posed vote "of censure against Hon. Keverdy
Johnson, minister to England ; which Was
•referred to the Com mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present a petition
signed by several ladies, approved by General
Howard, and certified by the mayors of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in -which, they pray
that aid may be granted for the relief of the
destitute people in this District. I present it,
at this time in the hope that the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia will see that immediate action is
taken upon it, as from the statements of the
petition, which are well attested, and other
information that I have, I am satisfied that it
is a matter upon which immediate action is
demanded, if any action is to be taken at all. In
accordance with our previous legislation upon
the subject, there seems to me to be no objec-
tion to granting the aid desired, and I have no
doubt that the reasons are strong enough to
satisfy the committee that they ought to take
some action on the subject at once, and I hope
it will be done. I move the reference of tiie
petition to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
bii.ls introduced.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 663) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from St. Paul, Minnesota, to
the Missouri river; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to he printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 186) declaratory and amendatory of
the act entitled "An Act to provide for an
American line of mail and emigrant passen-
ger steamships between New York and one or
more European ports," passed July 27, 1868;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Olflces and Post Roads,
and ordered to be piiutcd.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
664) to provide for the paving of Pennsylvania
avenue; which was rend twice by its title,
referred-to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by. unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. CC5) to repeal section Six of the act enti-
tled "An Act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1808," approved March 2, 3 867 ; which
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by uranimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 666) fixing the compensation for labor
performed for the Government of the United
States ; which was read twice by it? title, laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 667) to enable the Holly, Wayne, and Mon-
roe Railway Company, in the State of Michi-
gan, to have the subscription to its capital
stock stamped, and the stamps already affixed
and to be affixed to be duly canceled ; which
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unammouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
668) to authorize the paving of a portion of
Pennsylvania avenue and Fifteenth street west,
in the city of Washington, with the Nicholson
pavement: which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed. _
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 669) to incorporate the National Junction
Railway Company ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
' REPORT OF COLUMBIA INSTITUTION.
Mr. PATTERSON of New Hampshire, sub-
mitted ' thtj following resolution; "whidh was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
iiesofeetf, That.the StfperintSndentpf-Public'Print-
ing be, and be is hereby, authorized to print fifteen '
hundred copies of thereport of the Columbia Its sti ttl —.
tion for the Beaf and Dumb,- with its appendix, far ■
the use of the Institution." - ;
•message skom the.house'.
A message from the House.of. Bepseseilta-.
tives, by Mr. MePHERSOs/its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill' (S. No. 186)
providing for the sale of the lands, tenements,-
and water privileges belonging to the United
States at and near Harper's Ferry, in the
county of Jefferson, West Virginia.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed tho enrolled bill (S.
No. 658) to relieve from disabilities Franklin
J. Moses, a citizen of South Carolina; and.it
was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
house bills kef erred.
The bill (II. R. No. 1485) providing for an
election in Virginia was read twice by ita
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary ; and the joint resolution (II. Iv. No.
072) directing the sale of the steamer Atlantic
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill (H. K. No  1484)- to relieve from
disabilities Franklin J. Moses, of South Caro-
lina, was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
has been superseded by a bill just passed
exactly like it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
selection' os jurors is utah.
Mr. CRAG IN. I desire to move that Sen-
ate bill No. 24, reported from the Committee
on Territories, be recommitted. In order to
make that motion I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; -and the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 24) to
regulate the selection of grand and petit jurors
in the Territory of Utah, and for other pur-
P Mr. CRAGIN. I now move that the bill bo
recommitted to the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
EUiCTIVK FRANCHISE.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 111 to regulate the elective franchise
in the United States, with a view of moving its
reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Tho motion was agreed to.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (S. It. No. 59) submitting to^ the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition
to amend the Constitution of the United States,
with a view to its reference.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was read the second time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of the
joint resolution to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
arms to the southern states.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate take up
the bill (S. No. 652) to provide for the issue of
arms for the use of the militia in certain States
lately in rebellion, with a view of putting it
upon its passage. , ,,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read for
information before we act upon it.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, frc.. That the Secretary of
and he is hereby, authorised and re-"-"1
to tho Governor of eaen 01 the ,
