1748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
merce of this House or of the Treasury Depart-
ment. They were originally built because of
a clause in the appropriation bill inserted in
the Senate, as I recollect, at the instance ot
one of the Senators from Ohio. These steam-
ers were built; and they are perhaps as admir-
able vessels as any which can be made to float
on the water, but it was found for the purpose
of the revenue service, at least so the House
decided, they were not wanted upon the lakes
at the instance, I believe, of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Churchill] last year.
They were put out of commission, and are now
upon the lakes. They are not of value, and
cannot be put in service in the Gulf or upon the
Pacific coast, because they cannot be got out
of the lakes, as they were built there and there
they must remain.
Mr. GARFIELD. How do you mean to
get the S. P. Chase out?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. That is a
snia.ll vessel.
Mr. CHURCHILL. It is of the same ton-
nage precisely as the others.
Mr. PIKE. These six steamers for the
lakes we all understood at the time were to
form a kind of fleet of which Assistant Secre-
tary Harrington was to be the commodore.
They were steam-vessels, and were intended to
increase our force upon the lakes without vio-
lating the treaty of 1818, which allowed us to
keep only one armed vessel on the lakes. It
was a sort of beating the devil around the
stump. Now, there is still remaining in the
Navy a large class of vessels of five hundred
tons and upwards, and I do not know why some
of them could not be fitted for this service.
It is well known that the English system is to
use the naval vessels almost entirely. We
have a large number of double-enders of a
thousand tons, and they would be capital ves-
sels for that purpose if they are not too large.
We have another class of side-wheel double-
enders of five hundred tons, the others being
propellers, some of which might be selected to
answer the purpose. Then there are interme-
diate vessels that might possibly be suitable.
It has seemed to me for a long time that
this revenue-cutter system as now organized is
entirely wrong, and that it should be attached,
together with the coast survey and light-house
system, to the Navy Department and be under
the conduct of naval officers.
Mr. PILE. I move to strike out the last
two words, and I yield to the gentleman from
Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, I have no
objection to constructing a revenue-cutter for
the service in Oregon if thai shall be neces-
sary, nor to constructing one for Alabama and
for South Carolina, if we have not, as my friend
seems to think we have, in the service already
vessels that will answer the purpose. But I
do object to constructing one for the service
in Alaska. The amount of appropriation for
that revenue-cutter is $75,000. I shall oppose
all appropriations for service of that kind or
any other kind in Alaska. I am opposed to
investing $75,000 in a revenue-cutter for that
purpose. I desire to have the Treasury Depart-
ment to employ such vessels as can be found
in the service now, and if none can be found
I am inclined to leave them without any service
in Alaska.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask to have read the
letter which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, January 5, 1869.
Sir: In respect to the steam revenue vessels re-
(luut'd at Mobile, Charleston, Puget sound, and
Alaska, as stated in communications from this De-
partment to the House of Representatives, dated
January 23 and Aptii 23,1803. to which reference
is made in your letter of the 4th instant. I have the
honor to reply to your inquiries that the necessity
lor the vessels is still more urgent than at the time
oi my first communication, and that the estimates
then given ot the cost of construction, he., cannot, I
am satisfied, be reduced.
Tor Charleston and Mobile it is contemplated to
build &ide-wlieel_ sieamers of light drait that can
follow smugglers into the shallow inlets abounding
on tnose coasts, into which the vessels we have been
aolo hitherto to employ in that region have been
unable to enter. The- Department has reason ato
believe that the absence of vessels of this description
has been taken advantage of by smugglers to a very
considerable extent. '
On the Pacific coast* it is hardly necessary to do
more than call attention to the present obvious in-
adequacy of the revenue marine to meet the require-
ments of the service along so extensive a coast, par-
ticularly since the addition of Alaska, for which it
has been necessary to withdraw two vessels from
former stations in California and Washington Terri-
tory.
On the whole Pacific coast there are at present but
four revenue vessels, two steamers and two sailing
vessels, of which one of the latter is old and unfit for
service.
I regard the early construction of these additional
vessels as of the highest importance, and take the
liberty to inclose a draft of a bill adapted to enable
theDepartmentto aceomplishit, to which I earnestly
request favorable attention.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
h. mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. T. D. Eliot, Chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, House of Representatives.
Mr. PILB. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew it for the pur-
pose of inquiring of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] whether we have already vessels
that will answer the purpose which is expected
to be accomplished by these revenue-cutters.
If we have we ought to apply them in that
direction ; if not, I agree that we ought to
build them. It is necessary, of course, to be
prepared to follow smugglers everywhere, but
I understand we have already many small
steamers of light draft that may be used for
this purpose. I am not, however, sufficiently
acquainted with the subject to know whether
they can be used, and therefore I ask for in-
formation.
Mr. PIKE. I suppose that Alaska ought to
have a vessel to shed rain. That, I suppose,
would be quite important, but I do not know
what peculiar quality may be necessary for the
northwest coast. I only know there is a vari-
ety of small and large vessels in the Navy not
now in commission, being laid up. 1 do not
suppose it will be necessary to use iron-clads
for the purpose. There are light-draft and
heavy-draft vessels, some of them side-wheels
and some propellers. I am not a professional
man, and not being a professional man in this
matter I should suppose that a selection might
be made from some of these vessels which
would answer this purpose. As I said just
now, it does seem to me that this whole sys-
tem needs remodeling, and instead of building
another vessel to add to the forty or fifty of
this fleet of custom-house vessels it does seem
to me that it will be proper for the new Con-
gress to remodel the system and transfer the
whole of it to the Navy Department, as is now
done in England with great efficiency.
Mr. MAYNAP.D. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Paixe's motion
to strike out the words "one for Alaska.'1
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the paragraph and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
The Secretary of the Navy shall transfer to the
Secretary of the Treasury for the revenue service any
number of vessels suited to the said service, not
exceeding four, one for Alaska, one for Columbia
river, Oregon, one for Mobile, Alabama, and one lor
Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. SPALDING. I make a point of order
on that. The committee has once refused to
strike out the whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee refused
to strike out, but the amendment is to strike
out and insert. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin must first be voted on.
Mr. PAINE. In order to give the gentle-
man from Illinois an opportunity to have a vote
on his amendment, I withdraw mine.
Mr. WOOD. I make the point of order on
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] that it isindependent legis-
lation and is not in order on an appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. B^ARNSWORTH. For what reason ?
The CHAIRMAN. On the ground that the
amendment is independent legislation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It certainly is ger-
mane to the paragraph and germane to the
proviso to the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection is not
that it is not germane, but that it proposes
independent legislation. The Chair sustains
that point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] to strike out the words "one for
Alaska." It seems from what has been said
here by the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce that there is at least
very grave doubt whether we have not in the
naval service a great number of vessels suited
to this purpose, and which could just as well
be transferred to the Treasury Department as
not. That being the case, I ask the commft-
tee what propriety there is for us to be selling
with one hand and building with the other,
laying up vessels in ordinary at the various
navy-yards while we are building revenue-cut-
ters for the revenue service? It seems to me
that without more light upon the subject we
ought not to appropriate money for-the build-
ing of any more of these revenue-cutters. If
anything is to be done, let us by some proper
provision of law, where it may be in order,
provide for the transfer of such naval vessels
as may be suited to the service to the Treas-
ury Department for this purpose.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the question before the committee.
It is on the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farxsworth] to strike out the words
'•one for Alaska." The argument of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, would go
to show that the whole system in regard to our
revenue-cutters is wrong, and that it ought to
be revised and the whole matter placed under
the care of the Navy. I want to say that that
cannot be done now. It is utterly out ot the
question for this Congress to do it. The gen-
tleman from Maine has been at the head of
the Committee 011 Naval Affairs for many
years, and yet we have had no proposition in
the shape of a bill brought into the House on
the recommendation of that committee to reor-
ganize in the way that he now thinks would
be desirable this revenue-cutter system. But
it is impossible that we can at this late day of
the session accomplish what the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] thinks ought to be
done, because we have not time.
Now, in regard to the boat for Alaska, I
undertake to say that unless this Congress
desires that there shall be smuggling indefi-
nitely along that coast, and unless they desire
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall by law
have imposed upon him a duty the power to
perform which we take from him, then ive must
pass this appropriation. Because, I say to the
gentlemen of this committee that there is no
power now in the hands of the Secretary of
the Treasury to enforce the law without this
legislation. How would the members of this
House undertake to have the laws enforced?
It is conceded by the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Mayxarb] that there ought to be a
steamer there. I say that there is none within
the control of the Treasury now. And I go
further than that, and say that there is not in
the Navy of the United States at this moment
such a steamer as is wanted by the revenue
service on that coast.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The next Congress
convenes on the 4tli of this month. Does not
the gentleman believe that that Congress can
pass a bill for the transfer of these vessels
sooner than these four vessels can be con-
structed ?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] can
answer that question as well as I can ; just as
well. I know that for more than a year past
the Secretary of the Treasury has had his hands
