44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
States: North Carolina., South Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas, at tho
seat of government of eaoh of • said States, for the
use of the miiitla thereof, a? many serviceable
Springfield rifled muskets of caliber fifty-eight,
with aceoutermen'ts and equipments complete, and
serviceable fteld-piec.es, with carp^ges, -caissons,
equipments, and implements as the flpvernots of.
sueh States respectively, shall require far,the lis?., of-
the • militia thereof, not eseeeijuig >twf  tao-usfinft,
rifled muskets, with acoouterments ami implements,
and two field-pieces, with carriages, caissons, and'
implements, for each congressional' district in said
States; and the same shall 1?$,; delivered (>nly. upon
tho certificate of the Governor of the'. State, showing
to the. satisfaction of the.Secretary of War that tho
regiments a$d companies for which, the "same are
required are organized of loyal citizens of sucll
States under the laws thereof; and said muskets;
field-pieces, and aecoutermehts shall remain, the
property of the United States, subject to the control'
of Congress.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That so much of
section six of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposes," as
applies to the States abovo named, together with all
other acts inconsistent herewith, be, and, the same
are hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON; I think it will be- more sat-
isfactory to have that bill referred, and I move
its reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. RICE. The only objection I have to
its reference is, that in the State which I in
part represent the militia, is being organized,
and there is great need of arms. It is impos-
sible to perfect the organization without them.
The Legislature is now in session, and it will
greatly facilitate matters if there is an early
passage of this bill. The bill, in substance,
was before Congress at its last session, and
the Senate passed it with only five nays, I be-
lieve, at that time. It was before the Military
Committee, and they reported it unanimously.
There is very little difference between that bill
and this—no difference except in the quantity
of arms that are to be distributed, so far as the
southern States are concerned. I could not
see any necessity for its reference to the Mili-
tary Committee, or I should have so moved,
I hope it will be put on its passage.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment ti> monday.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
lUimtlCNOE Of PETITIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that many petitions have been pre-
sented during the session which are now lying
on the table, and if there be no objection
those petitions will be referred by the Clerk to
the appropriate committees without taking
them up specially. Is there any objection to
that course?. None being made, that will be
done by tin; Clerk.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I desire
to have the memorial presented by myself a
few days ago on the subject of the navigation
of the Tennessee river referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
president's message.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to call
attention to the Calendar, with a view of
removing from it the business which will no
longer require attention : but I shall not do it
at present if other Senators have other matters
to attend to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the unfinished
business. I moved yesterday that the Senate
adjourn while the President's message was
being read. Some of my friends who desired
to have it read seem to have supposed that it
was intended to prevent its reading; and some
gentlemen who are not my friends, as I under-
stand by the public prints, are of the same
opinion. On the contrary, I am in favor of
haying it read for the benefit of. the party to
which I belong and for the benefit of the
country, thai; they may see what sort of an
official they have at the head of t'he Govern-
ment- I therefore call for., the, unfinished
business. •
The ^RESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves, that the Senate
proceed to t'he consideration of the unfinished
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not need any
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We have
passed It over by common consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Well, now I call it up. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It takes a
motion tp call it up. The question is on that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] to suspend
the further reading of the message.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the motion
to b,e that the message lie on the table and be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro, tempore. No; a
motion was made by the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Conness] to suspend the further
reading, which he withdrew ; but the motion
was renewed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cameron,] and that motion is now
pending.
Mr. CAMERON. At the suggestion of Sen-
ators around me I withdraw my motion.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is withdrawn, and the Secretary will
resume the reading of the message.
George C. Goihiam, esq., Secretary of the
Senate, thereupon resumed the reading of the
President's annual message at the point at
which he was interrupted yesterday.
The message having been read,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the message
be laid on tho table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, in view
of the extraordinary propositions that the mes-
sage of his Excellency, the President of the
United States, has developed on the subject
of the national debt, I wish to give notice that
on Tuesday next, unless in the mean time the
Committee on Finance shall have reported, as
I have no doubt t.hey will, a resolution upon
that subject which I had the honor to offer on
the 21st of November, 18G7, I shall move that
the Committee on Finance be discharged from
the consideration of that joint resolution, and
shall ask the Senate to consider and pass it.
Lest the substance of it may have been forgot-
ten I wish to call attention to it now. It pro-
vides as follows:
Whereas the public debt of the United States was
(except where specially otherwise provided) con-
tracted and incurred upon the faith and credit of
the United States that the same would bo paid or
redeemed In coin oj its eauivaleijt: and whereas
doubts have been raised as to tho duty and propriety
of discharging such debt in coin or its equivalent:
Therefore.
Resolved, &«., That the public debt of the United
States (except in the cases where in the law author-
izing the same other provision was expressly made)
is owing in coin or its equivalent, and the faith of
the United States is hereby solemnly pledged to its
payment accordingly.
That is the issue which I propose for one to
make with the most extraordinary doctrine
which is advanced in this message, that we are
to flatly repudiate this debt by providing that
the interest upon it shall be taken as a pay-
ment of the principal, and thus dishonor our-
selves forever in the eyes of all honest men.
Mr. FRE LIN GTIU YS EN. Mr. President,
I do not think it proper that this message
should pass without, having a word said in ref-
erence to it; and I shall occupy the attention
of the Senate very briefly.
Iam glad the message has been read. That
much was due to our respect for the highest
official position of the jiation, perhaps the high-
est position in the world. As to the reflections
contained in it upon Congress, let me say that
a legislative department which, in harmony and
cooperation with the patriotism of the people,
with the exertions of our lamented President,
with the heroism of our ever-triumphant Gen-
eral, has succeeded in rescuing^ the nation,
and winch for four years has carried on a con-
test with obstruction and obstructionists, and
has just received the cordial and jubilant
indorsement of a great, free people, cannot be
disparaged by the petulant denunciations of
the vanquished.
I. am glad thafethe message has been read, for
it is important that the, worldshould know, and
those who,have given us credit abroad should
be advised, that our attention-has been called to
the.jtact—a fact that were we not wonted and
accustomed to wonders would astound us all—■
to wit, that the chief Executive of the nation
puts forth the unvarnished proposition that we
shall pay the interest on our national debt for
sixteen or seventeen years, and then that the
debt itself shall be repudiated; and-thus this
young Christian Republic be made a hissing
by-word among the nations of the earth, and a
credit, which is worth more to this young na-
tion just entering on its grand career than the
amount of the debt multiplied a hundred fold,
shall be shipwrecked forever.
I am glad the message has been read, in
order that we, the accredited representatives
of this Government, may declare to thenations
of the earth that we repudiate and reject the
repudiating doctrine of the message, and that
we may tell them that the plain people of the
land, who had the heroism to preserve the liber-
ties of this country, however the Executive may
underrate them, are possessed of the integrity,
the will, and the ability to preserve their coun-
try's honor. In oar illimitable domain, in our
waving fields, in our exhaustless mines, in our
industrial enterprise—yes, and if it need be, m
the tension and toil of every muscle, and in the
sweat-drops from every brow—the world has
the pledge that the honor and the faith of
America shall be inviolate.
I am glad, too, that we have the opportunity
of calling the attention of the public to the
fact that if we proceed to pay the principal of
our debt at the same rate that we have been
paying it for the last five years, at the end of
twenty years there will be no debt to tempt us
to self-dishonor or self-destruction. Nay, sir,
civil liberty and equality will not die to the
world by the stab that repudiation would
inflict, wfcile the people through their lawfully
elected representatives rule the nation. It is
only a little longer, sir, but a little longer.
Let' us be patient.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 10, 1868.
The Hoiise met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. 8. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
resignations on committees.
The SPEAKER. The following gentlemen
resign their positions on the various commit-
tees named:
On the Militia — Nathaniel P. Banks, of
Massachusetts, and John P. C. ShanksJ of
Indiana.
On Revolutionary Claims—Aaron F. Stevens
of New Hampshire, William Lawrence of Ohio,
and William H. Robertson of New York.
On Revolutionary Pensions and of the War
of 1812—Hiram Price of Iowa, William B.
Washburn of Massachusetts, and Henry D.
Washburn of Indiana,
Of Elections—Glenni W. Scofield, of Penn-
sylvania.
OnFreedmen's, Affairs—Halbert E. Paine,
of Wisconsin.
Of Education and Ldfyor—George S. Bout-
well, of Massachusetts.
On Mikager-Roavy Van Aernaro, of New
York.
