996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
three conditions, and I. think they are the only
normal conditions that the negro, as a race, can
ever occupy. I have known him as an ignorant
lavage froth Africa -with only the faintest lights
of reason and intelligence ; I have known him
as a comparatively intelligent and contented
slave, and I have known him as a political vag-
abond hovering under the shadow of the Freed-
men's Bureau. Those are the three normal
conditions of the negro race. He was origin-
ally in his own country a savage. When he
-was brought to the United States he was par-
tially civuized to something like the extent to
•which his natural organization admitted Him.
He' is inferior in physical condition, in mental
"and moral endowment, to the white race or to
the yellow race. Every ethnologist knows it.
Every man who is acquainted iHth the negro
practically and from experience knows it.
There is but one ethnologist' that I have read
<}f who maintains the equality of the races, and
fie maintains it against all the truth of history.
The honorable Senator from Indiana said
truly that for two thousand years, yea, for
four thousand years, ever since the interior of
Africa, with its seventy millions of purely
negro papulation, has been known to the white
man there has been no civilization there. They
have never invented an alphabet. They have
no arts, no sciences, no regularly organized
government. They never carried on a regu-
larly organized war. The rudiments of civil-
ization there are of the lowest degree. They
are in a condition of brutalized, ferocious, and
ignorant barbarism. That is the condition as
proven by all history, and by the modern trav-
elers in the interior of Africa, of those whom
honorable Senators here have said have been
so brutalized by slavery in the United States
as to be unfit to take part in our Government.
Mr. PATTBHSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask tny distinguished friend a
question. I should like to ask him if what he
has said of the negro race in its original con-
dition is not equally true of the Saxon race
in its original condition?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Now Hampshire. I
wish to know if the Saxon, while wandering in
skins in the forests of old Germany, was not as
truly a savage as the inhabitant of Ethiopia ?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 say he was 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Now the gentleman acknowledges 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
put one question at a time, and allow me to
answer it?
Mr. PATTEKSON, of Now Hampshire.
Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. I say that the white race and
the black race and the yellow race and the
red race in the earliest dawn of their history
were alike savages, and that the inhabitant of
the forests of Germany was at one time and
in one condition of his existence as much a
savage as the negro, except that he was en-
dowed by nature with superior faculties, with
a power of emerging from his condition of
ignorance and barbarism, and the other was not.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, i
should like to ask another question at this
point. The gentleman has acknowledged that
lie has seen the African in three conditions:
first, that of an original savage; and second, a
somewhat enlightened slave. Now I want to
know if that enlightenment does not prove the
capacity of the negro for civilization and im-
provement ?
^ Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the honorable
•senator that question. The civilization of the
neSro is always imparted by the white man,
and that civilization cannot be continued and
preserved except in contact with the white man.
I bo negro has no power to civilize himself,
ihe white man for four thousand years has
been to a greater or less extent engaged in the
civilization ot the negro, and that negro and
his posterity have invariably lost that civiliza-
tioii. lost it because he could not
maintain it. He is not endowed by nature
With the faculties and qualities that will enable
him to preserve the civilization imparted to him
by the white man, much less to originate one
for himself.
I will give the honorable Senator an exarn-
jrle. In 1793 the Island of San Domingo con-
sisted of seven or eight hundred' thousand
people, about one third of whom were mu,-
lattoes, the ^ons of Frenih planters. A great
lilaTiy of them were educated, and educated
to the highest degree almost of which they
were susceptible.' The insurrection in Sao
Domingo commenced under Og6, a mulatto.
It was carried forward by the mulattoe's. -Og6
and Dessaline were mulattoes. Petion was a
mulatto. They threw off the government
of France. They became an independent
Power of the world. They setup a Government
with the aid of the Abbe Gregoire and the
other friends of the negroes who were then
agitating Paris and the world ; and they had
the example of the previous Government of
that island, which had been organized and estab-
lished by the French and Spanish races.
Now, sir, what has been the career of that
island? What has been its history? The ne-
groes of that island soon after their independ-
ence demonstrated their utter unfitness to
maintain a regular and organized Government,
and they have never had one to this day. In
all their civilization they have been degener-
ating. They are more ignorant, more brutal,
have less of civilization in the arts, in the sci-
ences, and in all the walks and fields of civil-
ization than they had before. At this time
there is Salnave, there was lately Soulouque,
and there is Jeffrard and others who have set
up authority as the heads of bands of negro
savages convulsing the island, overthrowing
•hat little political organization and govern-
ment they had. The revolutions and changes
of party and of power of the people in San
Domingo have been perpetual, incessant,rapid,
from the days of their first revolt against the
French Government until the present time;
and their degeneracy into savage brutality and
ignorance would be accelerated greatly if it
were not for the residence of a great many
white people among them, and the example
and influence of the white men who visit them.
Sir, there has been a theater where the
boasted experiment of the African race in self-
government has been tried. There he had it
in one of the finest islands of the seas, with a
climate of great salubrity, and whose produc-
tions are equal to sustain the life of its inhab-
itants. When Columbus discovered that island
there were from two to throe million Indians
upon it. Now, with all the boasted civilization
of the Africans, and all their capacity to take
care of themselves, to promote their happi-
ness and increase their numbers, they o'nly
number at this day about seven hundred thou-
sand, and the productions of the island in
all of its exports have been reduced three or
four times. The experiment has been tried
there, and it has failed. The race is not capa-
ble of self-government. The great problem
of this day is whether the white race is capa-
ble of self-government. The present Tladical
party is not capable of governing this couhtry.
It has proved that fact; it confesses that fact;
and it seeks to bring in four millions of ignor-
ant, half-savage negroes to aid it in this great
work. Gentlemen will receive no aid from
this source.
Senators treat the right to vote as if it was
the end of all government. The right to vote
is not a natural right. It is an artificial right.
The political power in every country ought to
be vested in that portion of the people who
will give it the wisest and justest laws and the
most faithful administration of them. AH
civilized society admits that principle. You
exclude Indians from political rights. Why?
Because of their incompetency to exercise
them. ^ You exclude lunatics from the exercise
of political powers and rights because of their
incompetency to exercise them ; and yet many
lunatics, laboring under monomania and par-
tial lunacy, are incomparably better qualified
for the exercise of all political power—the
right io vote and the right to hold office under
our form of government—than any of your
negroes. '
Butyon exclude these persons in classes ; and
why? Becanse you cannot discriminate be-
tween individuals in classes. I'admit that there
may be a few negroes endowed beyond their
race. You cannot admit them and exclude
the whole residue of the race; and if you
admit the whole race, you admit a great, incom-
petent, disturbing power of political govern-
ment. Therefore, the negroes ought to be
excluded as a class. 1 They are not competent
to the performance of the duties to which you
would assign them. They have proven their
incompetency in every condition that they have
ever occupied. Why, then, will you force them
upon the 'White people of America? Sir, if I
was satisfied that every negro would vote with
and for the Democratic party, their policy and
their candidates, or for the old Whig party and
its glorious principles, I would oppose the
bestowal of suffrage Upon them as relentlessly
as I now do, because my conviction of their
utter incompetency to come to the great re-
sponsibilities of taking part in the Government
and the administration of our Government
remains fixed and immutable. There is no
state of things, no temporary advantage, no
success of power, no continuance of party in
power that would bringme to consent to extend
the right of suffrage to the negro race.
Now, Mr. President, I have stated some
reasons why I am opposed to extending the
right of suffrage to the negro race. I will
conclude with an anecdote. I knew a Guinea
negro in the State of Kentucky who had learned
something of our language. They put him to
work. He was from one of the docile tribes,
and he made a very good hand. He heard of
another Guinea negro who had recently been
brought "into the country from Africa, as he
was told. It happened that this second Guinea
negro who had been brought from Africa was a
baboon. The older Guinea negro was of the
name of Job; they called him "Thompson's"
Job." Some of his friends made themselves
merry and amused themselves with him by ask-
ing him to go and see his countryman who had
just arrived from the "fatherland." He went
there and commenced a conversation with him.
He was very seducing and held out every motive
to the new comer to talk with him, but he could
not succeed. Said he, " Golly, disis de smart-
est nigger I ever seed. You hold on to dat;
don't you talk, for if evferyou talk white man
will set you to work, sartin." [Laughter.]
Now, I think that the silence of the negro
■who was addressed by the old comer was some-
what the force of power. I have read in the
transcendental orator of Boston that silence
was the voice of God. I never have known
but one character who exceeded the present
President-elect of the United States in silence,
except that new arrival from Africa which the
old African could not induce to talk. [Laugh-
ter.] In both cases silence has proved itself a
power.
I do not doubt that General Grant is a man
of good intellect, but he is the most prudent
man in his conversations that I have ever
heard of, except that Guinea negro to whom I
have adverted. [Laughter.] I do not know
how much of his force and strength he has
made by his silence, but certainly he has made
a good deal of it in that way. There is no
mi&take about that. When he talks I hope he
will talk like a patriot and a statesman. I hope
he will form and fashion himself and his ad-
ministration upon the model of Washington.
All the justice and moderation and patriotism
and _ success of Washington I desire to be
received and to be derived by the incoming
President.
I was more opposed to Johnson when he was
inaugurated as President than I am now to
General Grant, because I believed him then to
be further from my principles and my views of
,a constitutional and wise ruler. I was greatly
disappointed in Johnson. I believe he has
given us one of the wisest, one of the most
