1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749
tied and has had his power crippled because
of the want of such a steamer as this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the
word " Alaska." I only desire that, members
may understand exactly the position of this mat-
ter as it appeared to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and then I will submit the whole
matter to the good judgment of the House.
In the first place, it will not do for gentlemen
to get up here and say that there are vessels in
the Navy fit for service on this coast of Alaska,
for there are none now actually in commission.
Double-enders will not do: it will not do to take
light-draft vessels for tins purpose. These
steamers must be sea-going, strong, and made
perfect in all their parts, in order to carry out
one of. their important duties, that of going
to the rescue of distressed and shipwrecked
vessels.
In regard to the vessels in the Navy, I desire
to say that all the vessels of this description
that were in the Navy were merchant vessels,
bought at the time they were so imperatively
needed during the rebellion, and some few
that were constructed in great haste. But none
of them are now fit for this duty, and some of
them, if put up at auction to-day, would not
fetch the price of old iron. I have no greater
love for Alaska than the rest of mankind. But
we have Alaska on our hands ; we must sus-
tain our custom-houses there. If we have no
protection to the revenue on that coast all that
the people interested in the trade with China
and Japan will have to do will be simply to
smuggle the tea and silks into Alaska, when
they will become subject to the coast-trade
regulations, and in that way the whole of the
United States may br supplied without the
revenue receiving any benefit therefrom.
I believe, on the examination we have made,
that these vessels are necessary. Now, to say
"Do something else" is simply to say "do
nothing." Gentlemen remain on committees
here all during Congress and make no propo-
sition to do anything. Then the moment the
Committee on Appropriations undertake to
make an appropriation for the purpose they get
up and say, " 0, let us have this great reform
done first," or " We will reform this, that, or
the other;" " We will have a new system of
marines or " We will have a new system of
the Navy or ■' We will abolish the light-house
boards," or something of that kind. They are
ready to do all things, but they never think of
them except when they are opposing the amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I renew the amendment. Mr.
Chairman, the gentleman who has just ad-
dressed the committee has taken, I think, the
practical, common-sense view of this question.
There is a very great distinction between ves-
sels employed by the Treasury Department for
service along our coasts in protecting the rev-
enue and vessels constructed for the regular
naval service. It is totally impracticable to
use naval vessels for any such purpose as that
here contemplated. Their draught of water is
too great; they cannotruu along the coast and
into the inlets and bayous, and thus prevent or
detect smuggling. Hence the proposition to
substitute naval vessels for revenue-cutters is
simply a proposition to refuse any provision
whatever for this object. Now, sir, we have
acquired Alaska. While I was opposed to that
acquisition; while I believe it will never com-
pensate the Government for one tenth of the
amount that it cost, yet we have that territory
and must put it to the best possible use. Its
geographical position is such as to make it a
commercial entrepot, by means of which,
under a proper revenue system, there will be
bought into the Treasury millions of dollars
which will be lost if a suitable revenue service
be not maintained.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] suggests that
the proposition now advocated by those who
oppose this appropriation might have been
brought in before ; and so it might. In intro-
ducing propositions of this sort there is a kind
of divided honor between the Committee on
Commerce and the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. The latter being disposed to deferto the
Committee on Commerce has never brought
in the proposition, and consequently does not
feel itself involved in this imputation of neglect.
But there is another reason, which is that none
of these propositions are ever made without
the aid of a Department. Now, during the last
two or three years we have had, as gentlemen
no doubt are aware, an exceedingly bad time
for the introduction of reforms; but we shall
have in the future a very excellent time for
bringing forward measures of reform. This
appropriation, whatever may be its amount,
cannot take effect until the 1st day of next July.
Now, between this time and that a session of
Congress will intervene, and then we shall have a
very suitable period for the introduction of these
reforms. We shall then have a new Secretary of
theNavy, andgentlemen, when aproposition of
this kind is introduced, cannotaay, " We have
not a properly efficient man at the head of the !
Navy Department." We shall then have a
proper and competent man in that position,
and hence that will be a suitable time to say,
"Having an efficient officer at the head of the
Department we will extend its operations."
Consequently, if this matter should be properly 1
investigated, and undoubtedly the incoming
Congress will attend to all its duties at the
proper time, that Congress meeting n ext Thurs-
day will, doubtless, before it adjourns take
this matter into consideration. The proper
business will be assigned to the Navy Depart-
ment ; the vessels now laid up in ordinary at
our navy-yards will be set to work watching
for smugglers; the unemployed naval force,
of which there is now great abundance, will be
used for the detection of smugglers in all quar-
ters. The consequence will be that on the
coast of Alaska, and on the Pacific as weli as
on the Gulf—for I see that this proposition
makes provision for all these—there will be
stationed suitable vessels with expert officers,
who will not only act as a detective force in
taking care of the revenues of the country,
but will also protect its honor in time of war.
[Here the hammer fell.] I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Farxsworth was not
agreed to, there being—ayes twenty-one. noes
not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
To defray the expense of a preliminary survey of ■
the site for tho proposed navy-yard at League :
Island, $2,000. !
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend the para- !
graph just read by striking out " §2/000 " and
inserting "5,000." Mr. Chairman, it will be
recollected by many members that in the Thirty -
Ninth Congress an act was passed accepting
from the city of Philadelphia the gift of League
Island, a tract of land embracing some six
hundred acres fronting on the river Delaware,
upon which to erect a navy-yard. In accord-
ance with one of the provisions of that act a
narrow strip of land on the opposite bank of
what is called the back channel was also to be
presented by the city to the Government. The
city authorities acquired by purchase from dif-
ferent owners the title to this strip of land and
conveyed it by deed with the island to the Uni-
ted States, and thus vested the whole of this
valuable property in the Government. It is
valued at $500,000 at least.
Preliminary to constructing docks, basins,
workshops,and other buildings required to make
this an unsurpassed navy-yard it will be neces-
sary to have surveys of the land upon which to
base such plans as will eventually and when
carried out give the Government all the eon-
veniencies demanded by naval architecture for
the present and future time. The Secretary of
the Navy has asked for an appropriation of
$10,000 for this purpose. The Committee on
Appropriations, however, reports but $2,000.
This amount is too small for the work contem-
plated, hence my amendment, although I should
prefer $10,000, and it seems to me to be so
obviously just that we should increase it to at
least $5,000 that it is scarcely necessary to de-
tain the Committee of the Whole by any argu-
ments on the subject. The title conveyed it
by deed to the United States, and this valuable
property is now vested in the Government,
preliminary to constructingdocks, basins, work-
shops, and other buildings necessary to make
a navy-yard such as is required.
Mr. Chairman, this great navy-yard, which
is to be built at League Island, and which for
the sake of the country and for the sake of
the Navy ought to be commenced as soon as
possible, must be preceded as a preliminary
step by proper surveys, and then its construc-
tion will go on in regular order and according
to proper plans. The Secretary of the Navy has
recommended that provision should be made
at once for the surveys, so that there may be
no delay in carryingto completion at no distant
day a navy-yard much needed. My amend-
ment only proposes $5,000. It is the very
lowest amount with which the Navy Depart-
ment can get along, and it is absolutely neces-
sary for the beginning of the preparations for
a naval station at this, the fittest place in the
country, if not in the world. I hope that it
will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. This is mere earnest
money, and we might as well reduce it to
$1,000. _
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw my amendment
in order that my colleague may renew it.
Mr. MYERS. I renew the amendment.
All that could be said on the subject has been
well said by my colleague who has just taken
his seat, butthe gentleman from Tennessee has
just made a remark which deserves some reply.
The Committee on Appropriations, I will say-
here, however, have no objection to increasing
the appropriation to $5,000. The city of Phil-
adelphia has spent $500,000 in the purchase
of this island for the purpose of making it a
free gift to the Government of the United
States in view of the construction there of a
great naval station. The gift has been offered
and the Government has accepted it. The
question now is whether we shall appropriate
sufficient money to make the necessary pre-
liminary survey. The amount asked by the
Navy Department for this purpose is $10,000,
but the amendment of my colleague merely
asks for 85,000, one half of the amount recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy.
Let me add another word. I see that a civil
engiueer is employed at the Portsmouth navy-
yard at a salary of $2,500, and there is one at
the New York navy-yard, and almost every
principal navy-yard in the country. The reg-
ular business of the engineers of the Navy is
in reference to machinery, and therefore it is
necessary that there should be a civil engineer
at this station, and for that purpose this sum
of $5,000 is absolutely required.
Mr. SPALDING. I beg to say to the com-
mittee that r.o estimate was made for this ap
propriation from any Department of the Gov-
ernment, that it comes to us in no official way;
but the members of this House from Philadel-
phia applied for a small appropriation to sur-
vey this island, and the committee, out of the
excess of their good nature, put in the bill this
appropriation for $2,000. Now, if the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
are better natured than the Committee on
Appropriations they will increase the appro-
priation to $5,000. The Committee on Appro-
priations have at least done their duty.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to increase the
appropriation to $10,000, simply for the pur-
pose of stating that I consider this appropria-
tion necessary and not a. single cent too little. I
am sorry to see the spirit which the gentleman.
in chax-ge of this bill has exhibited toward tho
members of the city of Philadelphia.
