1869.
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mi
constitutional, one of the most conservative
and able administrations that our Executive
has ever had. I honor him in the ending of
his days; his sun is setting gloriously, notwith-
standing the slight clouds that gentlemen try
to throw over it to obscure it; it yet shines in
undiminished luster, and-he will be the great
central historical character of this day of our
country's trouble. Let other people worship
the rising sun, but I turn my eyes in gratitude
and in admiration to the glorious setting sun
that is so soon to sink beneath the western
horizon, and I pray that his successor may have
as much merit and as much proper claim upon
the gratitude and confidence of his countrymen
as the outgoing President.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I did not
intend to speak upon this question at all. It
has been so ably and so long discussed that I
can hope to add little, if anything, to what has
been said, and especially can I have little ex-
pectation of being able to interest the Senate
at this time of the morning, [three o'clock and
fifteen minutes, a. m.] But when I hear Sen-
ators on the other side of the House rise here
and advocate opinions which do not exist, to
my knowledge, in any part of the country that
has been exposed to the influences of slavery
and reconstruction, I feel that as representing
one of the reconstructed States I ought to raise
my voice against those opinions and those doc-
trines.
X wish the honorable Senator from Kentucky
had belonged to a reconstructed State. I wish
that he had had a personal opportunity to ob-
serve the negro in his present condition in the
States which have been subjected to the recon-
struction measures of Congress. I wish he
had had there an opportunity to modify the
opinion which he has gained from contact with
the negroes of his own States. I think there
is every reason to believe, in spite of the_ pre-
judices of a life spent in contact with the insti-
tution of slavery there, that he might ma,ke up
his mind that the negro, although not, in his
opinion, the political equal of the white man,
although not the intellectual equal of the An-
glo-Saxon race, yet has in him that germ of
development of character which in due process
of time and with the genial sun of American
institutions may make him a good citizen and
an equal before the law with any other citizen.
We have, thank God, in South Carolina, we
have in Alabama, we have in North Carolina,
no class of men, not even that class of men who
have been in formes times allied in political
sentiments with the distinguished gentleman
from Kentucky, we have, I say, there no class
of men who propose at this time to deprive the
negro of the right of suffrage, or to deny that
he has a claim to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ? Suppose that the white
men of the South had a full and perfect liberty
to accept or to reject the granting of suffrage
to the negro, what would be their action ?
Mr. SA WYER. I say in answer to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that I can only judge of
men's purposes by their acts ; and I assert that
during the late political campaign, when the
late rebels of the southern States expected the
election of the Democratic candidates for Presi-
dent and Vice President, they did not go before
their people with a proposition to take away
from the negro the right of suffrage. On the
contrary, some of the most distinguished advo-
cates of the platform of the Democratic party
as laid down in the national convention ex-
pressed their entire willingness to grant suf-
frage to the negro.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me tti make a single remark? There
wasjustarace between the parties which should
secure the negro suffrage that had been forced
upon the country.
Mr. SAWYER. ThenI understand the doc-
trine of the Senator to be that if the negro can
be made to vote the Democratic ticket he is an
intelligent man and entitled to become acitizen.
Mr.°DAYIS. Not at all, if the honorable
Senator will permit me. I declarod a few
minutes ago in the most explicit terms, that I
would be opposed to his right of . suffrage if
he cast it for the Democratic party, because of
my utter disbelief in his competency to take
any part in the Government. It is only because
the suffrage of the negro has been enforced by
power and by fraud and violence, and at the
cannon's mouth, upon the people of the south-,
ern States thatany considerable portion of them
consent to accept it.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I under-
stood the position of the Senator himself, and
I said therefore that I regretted that he had
not been in a reconstructed State, and had an
opportunity to observe the conduct and charac-
ter of the negroes in those States in his new
relations, as a citizen. I said that those who
had been in contact with the negro in those
relations, who had had opportunity of observing
his character and conduct there, had formed a
different opinion; and I hold it to be a fact
which cannot be disputed that to-day were the
question put to the white men of the lately
reconstructed States whether the ballot should
be taken out of the hands of the negro the
answer would be an almost universal negative ;
and if the Government of the United States
had not, as he says, at the point of the bayonet
and by; violent assumption of unconstitutional
authority put that ballot into the hands of the
negro, there would to-day, yes, there would
two years ago, have been a strong negro suf-
frage party in every one of those States. More,
I believe that in his own State of Kentucky,
while the honorable Senator himself, maintain-
ing his peculiar views, might hesitate to put the
ballot in the hands of the negro, the majority
of his party would not hesitate one moment to
do it if they believed he would throw his bal-
lot in favor of the doctrines of the Democrat^
party.
Mr. President, it is a peculiar thing that in
all the advances which the friends of human
liberty propose to make, wo are met on every
side by the assertion that they are all in viola-
tion of the Constitution ; but wherever the doc-
trines of the Constitution canbeapplied against
human rights, against the rights of man, against
human liberty, there they are sticklers for the
Constitution. Wherever the doctrines of the
Constitution toll for man, for his rights, for
his liberty, they are against the application of
those doctrines. This is no new thing.
We have heard here on this floor to-day all
sorts of discussions about the ethnological
character of the negro, about his intellectual
inferiority, about his capacity to engage in the
business of government, but we have heard on
this floor no assertion that he was not a man.
There is no Senator here that dared to rise in
this Hall and say that the negro had not the
powers of development. Nay, it has been
distinctly asserted by several Senators that
the negro in contact with the white race has
gained a great degree of civilization since he
was brought from his native barbarism in
Africa. If he has shown himself competent
to a certain degree of development, if in the
process of time he has come to that condition
whereby he can be rendered a freeman with
safety to the State, I ask if that does not lead
logically and naturally to the inference that
his development may be still further carried
on, and that he may be capable of making a
good citizen, carrying intelligently a ballot?
I ask if that citizen who has been able to
carry a bayonet in defense of his Government
is not likely to be competent to carry a ballot
to protect the liberties which his rifle has
helped to win ?
The doctrine that the proposition of this
amendment is in violation of the provisions of
the Constitution seems to me a most strange
one. The power to amend the Constitution is
put distinctly into the Constitution, the manner
of proposing such amendments is put distinctly
into the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him a question? Are" amend-
ment" and " change" synonyms? Whatdoes
amendment mean ?
Mr. SAWYER. "To amend" means .to
alter for the better; and there lies in that' in-
strument the power given to the Congress of
the United States to propose'alterations for
the better; and this we claim is an alteration
for the better; and the idea that you can amend
the Constitution without in some respect chang-
ing the relations of the States to the national
Government and of the national Goverflnxj.nt
to the States seems to me to be; a proposition
which cannot be maintained. It has been said*
that you have a right to amend the Constitu-
tion, but not to change the form of govern-
ment. I ask you what amendment is possible
which does not in some degree, in some rela-
tion, in some way change the form of the gov-
ernment as regards the connection of its sev-
eral parts with the whole?
Mr. DAVIS. I think the honorable Senator
has raised a position himself where he might
knock it down. I have not heard any gentle-
man assume that a change in the mere form of
the government would be unauthorized under
the exercise of the power to amend. _ What I
have heard assumed is that the essential nature
and the essential form and character of the
i;overument cannot be changed under the guise
of the exercise of the power to amend.
Mr. SAWYER. I submit that I am right
in saying that the essential form, the form in
some essential particular, the naturein some
essential particular, the character in some
essential particular, must from the nature of
the case be changed by any amendment of the
Constitution ; and the question of where that
power to amend, where that power to change,
where that power to modify ends is a question
which is only in the province of three fourths
of the States themselves todecide afterapropo-
sition shall have been submitted to them in the
constitutional form. There is the distinct power
laid down in the Constitution for the Congress
of the United States to propose, asT say, alter-
ations for the better—amendments—to submit
them to the people and to the States, and if
three fourths of the States adopt and approve
the proposition it becomes the law of the land,
and binds not merely three fourths of the
States but every one of the States, because
every one of the States has entered into the'
compact under that Constitution knowing its
terms, and knowing that it was liable to such
amendment at any time when Congress did so
propose and when three fourths of the States
did so adopt the proposition.
I hold, therefore, that while the doctrine
which was laid down by the Republican party
last summer in its platform, that the right ot
control of suffrage properly belonged to the
people of the loyal States, was entirely true at
that time and was very properly expressed ia
that form, it nevertheless did not estop the
Congress of the United States from making
propositions for constitutional amendments in
the usual constitutional form. It was eminently
true, then, that according to the usage of the
Government the right of regulation of the mat-
ters pertaining to suffrage did properly rest
with the States ; but because it was so as the
Constitution and laws of the nation then stood
does it follow that the people of the United
States have agreed that it shall forever after
remain so ? The same argument would have
prevented the passage of the thirteenth amend-
ment, for I ask what more violent change can
be made in the form of the government of the
State of Kentucky than to say that an institu-
tion upon which her whole social fabric-rested
should be swept away with a stroke of the pen?
What more violent disruption of the various
relations which existed between the classes of
people who inhabited the State of Kentucky
could occur than was made to occur by the
passage of the thirteenth amendment to the
Constitution? And are we to be told that be-
cause last summer thi Republican party said
that the control of suffrage belonged properly
to the people of the loyal States, the people of
the United States are forever to be estopped
from altering that Constitution when they go
to work in a constitutional manner, make the
