1868.
TlM^ 00 JNT(xRESSION A:L €-L0B$.
On Expenditures in the State Department—
Frederic A. Pike, of Maine, and Reader W.
Clarke ,of Ohio. !
On Expenditures in the Treasury Depart-
ment—Henry H. Starkweather, of Connecticut.
On Expenditures in the War Department—
.Tames A. Garfield, of "Ohio.
On Expenditures in the Nary Department
Henry L.'Dawes, of Massachusetts, and Charles
H. Yan Wyck, pf New York. .
On Expenditures in the Post 'Office Depart-
ment—Benj'amin Eggleston-, of Ohio.
On'-Expenditures in the Interior Depart-
ment — William H. Koontz, of Pennsylvania,
and Ginery Twichell, of Massachusetts.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings—
Nathan F. Dixon, of Rhode Island. •
On Enrolled Bills—Benjamin P.Hopkins, of
Wisconsin.
The above-named members were accordingly
excused from service on the various commit-
tees.
filling vacancies on committees.
The SPEAKER appointed the following-
named members to fill vacancies on committees:
On Revision of the Laws of the United
States—Samuel McKee of Kentucky, Oliver
J. Dickey of Pennsylvania, Nathaniel Boyden
of North Carolina, and Roderick R. Butler of
Tennessee. •
Of Elections—S. Newton Pettis, of Penn-
sylvania, and John H. Stover, of Missouri.
On Commerce—Pranois W. Kellogg, of Ala-
bama.
On Appropriations—Glenni W. Scofield, of
Pennsylvania.
On the Pacific Railroad—Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, of Kentucky.
On Reconstruction—Benjamin W. Norris,
of Alabama.
On the Militia—John T. Deweese, of North
Carolina, and J. Hale Sypher, of Louisiana.
On Freedmen's Affairs—C. C. Bowen, of
South Carolina. ;
On Education and Labar—B.T?. Whitte-
more, of South Carolina.
On Revolutionary Pensions and of the War
o/181'J—Alexander H. Jones of North Caro-
lina, J. W. Cliftof Georgia, and W. J. Black-
burn of Louisiana.
On Revolutionary Claims—-Oliver H. Dock-
ery of North Carolina, James H. Goss of South
Carolina, and W. P. Edwards of Georgia.
On Mileage—P. M. B. Young, of Georgia.
On Enrolled Bills—John B. Callis, of Ala-
bama.
On Expenditures in {he State Department—
Michael Y'idal of Louisiaua, Simeon Corley of
Georgia, and Thomas Boles of Arkansas.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Depart-
ment—Israel G. Lash, of North Carolina, and
Nelson Tift, of' Georgia.,
On Expenditures in the War Department—
John R. French, of North Carolina.
On Expenditures in the Navy Department—
Charles P. Buckley, of Alabama, and Samuel
F. Gove, of Georgia.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment—Joseph P. "Newsham, of Louisiana.
On Expenditures in the Interior Depart-
ment—Charles W. Pierce, of Alabama, and C.
II. Prince, of Georgia.
On Expenditures on the, Public Buildings—
Thomas Haughey, of Alabama.
ORDER Off BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I gave notice of my in-
tention to move immediately after the morning
hour to go to business on the Speaker's table,
with a view to clearing it; and I now call for
the regular order, so as to get through the morn-
ing hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the regular order of business
is the call of committees for reports. Reports
are in order, from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
iiollt, wayne, and monroe railway.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1486) to enable the
Holly; Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company,
in the State of Michigan, to have the subscrip-
tion to its capital stock stamped, and the stamps
already affixed and to be affixed to be duly can-
celed ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
adverse reports.
. Mr. BOYER, from the Committee .Mili-
tary Affairs, made adverse reports oh the fol-
lowing petitions, the cases bein'g Covered by &
general law already passed; which were1 sev-
erally laid on the table :
The petition of William Backus, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, for increased pay while in the mili-
tary service;
The petition of Amos Devoe;
The, petition of J. L. Wells, praying for 'pay
s second lieutenant of volunteers,;
The petition of Alfred F. Stoifey ; and
The petition of James M. Swabs.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee, re-
>orted back, with the recommendation that it
.o not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 312) to provide
for officers and soldiers not-mustered into ser-
vice ; and the same was laid on the table.
joel i-i. lucia.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 409) for the
relief of Joel H. Lucia; and the same was laid
on the table.
change of reference.
. On motion of Mr. BOYER, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of William
Hemphill, guardian, to the minor brother, of
David Hemphill, deceased ; and it was referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions'.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the, Com-
mittee on Militaz-y Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of
citizens of Illinois, praying for the passage of
an act granting pensions withheld from March
3, 1865, to June 3, 1866 ; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
joiin ii. ostler.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged troui
the further consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 99) for the relief of Lieutenant John'II.
Ostler, Guernsey county, Ohio; and the same
was refefred to the Committee of Claims.
massacre at baxter's springs.
_ Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on
the concurrent resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Kansas, asking the appropria-
tion by Congress of a sum of money to erect a
monument at or near Baxter's Springs in
memory of the soldiers massacred there who
formed a part of the escort of General James
Blunt in an expedition from Fort Seott, Kan-
sas, to Fort Smith, in Arkansas, in 1863; and
the same was laid ou the table.
subsistence department.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee,
also reported adversely upon House bill No.
211, to increase the subsistence department
of the Army of the United States; and the
same was laid on the table.
united states colored troops.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee,
also reported adversely upon House bill No.
1105, for the reorganization of the United
States colored troops, their instruction and
colonization; and the same was laid on the
table.
army officers in washington.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee,
also reported adversely upon a resolution call-
ing upon the Secretary of War for information
respecting the number of officers employed in
Washington; and the same was laid ou the
table.
. 'paymasters accounts.
, Mr. BOYER,,,from the same committer,
also reported adversely upon .House bill No;
866, to facilitate the settlement of the accounts
of paymasters of the .Army j and the same-was
laid on -the table,
pay of army officers/
"Mr. "BOYER, 'from the safne corhmxttefe;
also spotted adversely flp'dn 'flo'aSe, bill" No.
62, .to repeal'ihe;twelfth sectioh 6f an act'ap-
proved "July 1J,;1"SBS, entitled "An "adt.to de:
fine the pay and'emoluments of certain officers
of'the'4-ttfiy) a-hdfor othei' pafposes;"'iiild fhiS
gamo'Waslaid'onth'e table.' ^ ' "t
. , kbco,nstruction. , ,
• Mr. BOYER, from the same - eotofnittee,
also reported adversely upon House joint Res-
olution No. V providing for the expense -of
carrying into- full' effect an act entitled "An
act to provide for the moire efficient govern-
ment-of the rebel States ;" knd the same was
laid on the table.
bounties'to i)Ratted SoldIeRs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, from the
same committee, reported adversely upon
House bill No. 491, giving a bounty to soldiers
drafted into the Army of the United States j
aud the same was laid on the table,
equalization of bounties. .
Mr. WASHBURfl, of Indiana. I am also
instructed by the Committee on Military Affairs
to report back House bill No. 940, to equalize
the bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served in the late war for the Union, and
to ask that it be made the spepial order for
the second Tuesday in January next, after the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER..' It. requires unanimous
consent to Snake the bill'a special order at that
time.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois, objected,
but subsequently withdrew his o'bjection upon
the condition that it'be made a special 'order
for one hour only.
Mr. JULIAN renewed the objection, but
subsequently withdrew it.
The bill was accordingly postponed until the
second Tuesday of January next, after tlie
morning hour, and made the special order for
one hour.
adverse reports.
Mr. SITGRBAVES, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported adversely upon the
following petitions, &o.; and the same were
laid on the table : ';"
Petition ofS. Y. B. Stridor and others, citi-
zens of Harper's Ferry a.nd Bolivar, West Vir-
ginia, asking compensation for private property
destroyed by the United States Army ;
Claims of W. B. Andrews, William Cassell,
Andrew J. Davis, Benjamin Long, and Loren
A. Reed;
Petition of Mrs. Susan Sibley, of Maine, for
bounty;
Petition of George W. Merritt, company G,
third Indiana cavalry volunteers, £>rrelief; and
Petition of H. K. Thatcher, late captain of
the fourteenth United States infantry, asking
Congress to pass an act for his relief.
harper's ferry, west virginia.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, Senate bill
No. 186, providing for the sale of the lands, ten-
ements, and water privileges belonging to the
United States at and near Harper's Ferry, in
the county of Jefferson, Vest Virginia.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion directs the Secretary of War to make sale
at public auction of the lands, tenements, and
water privileges belonging to the United States
at and near Harper's Ferry, in the county of
Jefferson, West Virginia, except as hereinafter
provided, in such parcels as shall, in his opiu-
