998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
proposition in a constitutional manner, and
three fourths of the States, the number consti-
tutionally required, indorse and approve that
proposition? It seems to me an absurdity on
the face of it. , I can understand that if the
proposition of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts had been adopted, that Congress
should pass a law to regulate a matter of this
Kind, pass a political rights bill as Congress
passed the civil rights bill, then objections of
that, description might occur in the minds of
men; but where the' proposition is for an
amendment of the Constitution, to be passed
upon in the constitutional way and to be ap-
proved by the required number of States, I can
see no force in an objection of that kind.
Much has been said here in reference to the
incapacity of the negro for participation in
government. Enough has been said, and much
better said than I can say it, in reference to
this matter ; but experience and observation in
my own State have justified me in saying that
there is a large class of negro voters in my
Stale who are not only by education and nat-
ural capacity the equals of another large class
of white men, but that they have this additional
claim to exercise of the right of suffrage, that
it has been exercised by them for the rights of
man and in, behalf of loyalty to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. "Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question? Does he believe that
there could be found iu the State of South Caro-
lina enough capable negroes to take charge of
the government of that State and of its polity,
and all of its interests and of all the city and
town governments and all of the corporations
in the State, and manage them with any skill,
judgment, or success?
Mr. SAWYER, I will answer the question
of the honorable Senator by asking another.
I will ask him if he believes that if the white
race of South Carolina had for two centuries
been the slaves of the black race, had been by
statute and by usage deprived of every means
of cultivation and self-development, if they had
been shut out of all the relations of the citi-
zen, if they had been the hewers of wood and
.the drawers of water for two centuries, there
could bo found upon a sudden emancipation of
that white race probably men enough to assume
and perform all the duties which belong to
civilized society in the highest and most states-
manlike manner?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the question of
the honorable Senator. His answer I regard
as equivalent to an auswer iu the negative.
He puts _ to me a question that involves an
impossibility that the white race should have
been subjected for two centuries to the negro
race. The negro race has been the slave of
the white race, of the red race, and of the
yellow race, and it never enslaved any other
race itself. It has been in all of its conditions
and phases of existence incapable of acquiring
a mastery over the other races, much less main-
taining a mastery.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the Senator from South Carolina will allow
me, I should like to ask a question of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. If the negro is so in-
capable of self-government as the Senator rep-
resents, I want to knowhow he explains the fact
that for one hundred years in the colony of
Virginia free negroes were allowed to vote by
those distinguished fathers of the Republic
whom the gentleman has so eulogized this
evening?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer. Simply upon
this reason : that there was not one negro with
ten thousand white men who did vote; the
number of the negroes was so inconsiderable
that it could not and did not amount to any
serious obstruction of the capacity and power
of the white man to gpvern himself and the
negro too. .Now, I will put to my honorable
friend from New Hampshire a Question 
—PRESIDING OFFICER,(21r.Thayer.)
I iie Senator from South Carolina is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Only a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator yield the floor?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. There is nopointorforciinthe
question or in the illustration that my honor-
able friend from New Hampshire Would deduce
from his question. In the northern. States
negro suffrage amounts to nothing, because
there are no negroes there to vote; but in the
southern States, where the negro voters would
amount in numbers to more than the white
voters, it then becomes a most material and'
mischievous matter. Now, a half a drop of
arsenic would not kill my honorable friend
from South Carolina, but if he was to take half
an ounce of it it would kill him as sure as falling
off a log; and so of negro suffrage. To take
negro suffrage where there is but one negro in
ten thousand white voters is innoxious and
can produce no mischief; but when the negroes
preponderate, or are about equal, it then
becomes the destruction and the ultimate over-
throw of government to admit negroes in that
proportion to take part in its administration.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator has given us
an argument for the proposition of this consti-
tutional amendment, or something like it, for
in the States where the negroes are in the
largest proportion to the whites negro suffrage
is a fixed fact, of which the people of those
States do not complain. We desire that the
negroes in the northern States who form an
insignificant proportion of the whole people
should have the, same privilege there; and
especially have we a right to ask that they
should have it when the fact of their having
their rights as men is, as the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky says, of no sort of conse-
quence. If it is of no sort of consequence that
the negroes in Pennsylvania vote, if it does 110
sort of harm, why is there so much opposition
to this amendment? If it is of no sort of con-
sequence that a few negroes vote in Connecti-
cut, why make such opposition to an amend-
ment which proposes to put them on the same
ground with other citizens? It is as my friend
would tell you, not on account of Connecticut,
or Pennsylvania, or Maine, or Massachusetts,
but it is on account of Maryland, Kentucky,
and Delaware, those States which were unfortu-
nate enough (to judge by the language which
is used by many of their citizens) not to be in
the rebellion—unfortunate for themselves in
consequence of their opinions on the great
question of secession, and perhaps unfortunate
for the country, because if they had been in
the rebellion they would now be reconstructed
States, and we should not have had this anom-
aly in their existence.
Mr. President, the danger of admitting the
negro vote because a portion of the negroes are
ignorant, the danger of admitting the votes of
any class of men because some of that class of
men are ignorant, is a danger which is incident
to the possession of the ballot by all men. I
suppose it will not be claimed by any Senator
that one half of the white men in any country
exercise the vote on all occasions intelligently;
but on that account, because a man happens
to be weaker in intellect than his neighbor;
because he happens not to have the capacity
for administration, the capacity for filling the
offices of the counties and towns and of the
State, does anybody propose to deprive him of
the ballot? No; but when we get to a man
whose skin is a little darker than ours, whom
we can mark out as belonging to a class, we
can assume that his color is a badge of infe-
riority, notwithstanding the numerous excep-
tions which we see even under the adverse cir-
cumstances under which these people labor.
Then when we can establish that mark of color
as the mark of a class men wish to discrim-
inate against them and deprive them of the
rights of other citizens.
Now, Mr. President, the war has made all
the slaves citizens. When the war opened the
great majority of the black men in the country
were slaves. The rebellion came on, and in the
process of the rebellion, as a consequence of
the rebellion, under the Providence of God
they became freemen. By the sense of justice
of the American people they were made citi-
zens of the United States. They are citizens
of the United States wherever they are found
to-day. Now, whatever class of men we makg
citizens of the United States, it is, in my spin-
ion, a public danger to keep from participation
in the active powers of goveTnment.
Mr. DAVIS. Are not women citizens?
Mr. SAWYER. Women are represented
through their husbands or brothers.
Mr. DAVIS. Are not our negroes; repre-
sented ? " .
Mr. SAWYER. Through their masters. I
know that the theory is that the negroes should
be represented by those who have so long rep-
resented them in providing for their animal
wants and taking the proceeds of the labor
of their muscle. I know that it is a favorite
theory of the Senator that the negro should be
represented in that way ; but I claim that we
have a right to exact from the male negro- cit-
izen his duties toward his country, that we have
a right to call upon him to perform his part of
the labors and burdens of the citizen. We tax
him ; the clothes that he wears pay a rev-
enue to the Government; the food that he eats
is in many cases taxed for the aid of the Gov-
ernment ; almost everything that he consumes
is taxed. He pays a tax to the Government;
he is liable to be called into the service "of the
Government. They have, in immense numbers,
volunteered to aid the Government in its time
of trial. Demanding of the negro citizen the
performance of these duties, claiming from him
these taxes, I assume that it is our duty to see
that he has the same rights that any other man
who pays the same taxes enjoys. :
I do not propose to continue these remarks.
I should not have said anything on this ques-
tion but for the strangeness of the doctrines
which havebeon announced here. Those doc-
trines, it seems to me, are precisely the doctrines
which led to the rebellion itself. They are an
exaggerated statement of the State rights doe-
trine, of the doctrine of the resolutions of 1798,
and following those doctrines out to their
logical consequence you will not only make the
States sovereign, but indorse and approve the
doctrines of secession. More than that, it will,
in my opinion, produce another revolution. It
is generally conceded that the war has settled
something in regard to that doctrine. We had
supposed that the doctrine of State rights in
this extreme application \fhich is sought to be
put upon it here had been put to sleep by the
war; but it seems to have awakened from what
we supposed was its tomb, and to show its head
in every discussion; and there is a much mora
pronounced statement of it here by gentlemen
representing northern States than can be found
at the present time among gentlemen represent-
ing southern States. I believe that the vast
majority of the people of the State which I have
the honor to represent would dissent entirely
from the views which have been stated by the
distinguished Senators from Kentucky and In-
diana.
Mr. DAVIS. A single remark. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina charges myself and
the Senators who occupy my position with dis-
criminating against the negro from prejudiee.
I retort the charge upon the honorable Seaator
and his friends and his supporters in this Cham-
ber and elsewhere.' I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to tell me if he or a single one of them
has ever taken a sable Dinah to his bosom as
a wife ; and I ask if that is not a discrimina-
tion as distinct and quite as comprehensible
as the distinction we take that the negro is in-
capable of self-government?
, Mr. DRAKE. That is only a matter of
taste.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not censure the honora-
ble Senator for his taste; certainly the honora-
ble Senator from Missouri has exhibited a most
proper taste in the selection which he has
made. Now, I admit that if he and the Sen-
ator from South Carolina had made different
selections they would have proven then by
