THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
ion, be best adapted to secure the greatest
amount of money therefor on a credit of one
and two years, taking bond and security from
the purchaser or purchasers for the payment
of the purchase money; and provides that the
proceeds of such sale shall be applied by kira
as follows; provided, that no such- fcate shall
be made until the time, teems, and place thereof
shall have been published in one of the prin-
cipal newspapers in each of the cities of Wash-
ington, New York,- and Cincinnati for sixty
days prior to the day of sale: first, in'defray-
ing the expenses of making said sale; second,
in refunding to the United States the principal
sum of purchase money paid for said lands,
tenements, and water privileges by the United
States, and for the erection of buildings there-
on ; and,third, if any surplus remain, he shall
deliver the same to such agent as the Legisla-
ture of the State of West Virginia shall appoint
to receive the same; but upon condition that
such surplus shall be received by the State of
West Virginia to be set apart*.held, invested,
used, and applied as a part of the school fund
of that State, under and by virtue of, and in
manner and form as provided in section first
of the tenth article of the constitution of West
Virginia, and for uo other purpose. And on
making such sale of the said lands, tenements,
and water privileges, or any part thereof, the
said Secretary of War is hereby empowered
and required, on receiving the purchase money
in full, toexecuteallnecessarydeedsthereforto
the purchaser or purchasers thereof, on behalf
of the United States.
The second section directs the Secretary of
War to convey by deed to Storer College, an
institution of learning chartered by the Stateof
West Virginia, all those certain portions of
the aforesaid property, namely: the buildings,
with the lots 011 which they stand, numbered
thirty, thirty-one, and thirty-two, and also
building numbered twenty-five, with enough of
the lot on which it stands to give abreadihof
ten rods on High street, otherwise known as
Washington street, all of said buildings and
lots being situated at Harper's Ferry aforesaid,
being the same which have heretofore been
jissigned bythe War Department to the Bureau
of Itefngees, Freedmcn,and Abandoned Lands
for educational purposes; and also to convey
by deed to the proper persons all such other
lands and buildings, portions of the aforesaid
property, as have heretofore been set apart by
the proper authority for religious, charitable,
and town purposes.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
rote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
BERGBJf HEIGHTS AKSENAL.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution (II.
R. No. o73) directingthe Secretary of War to
sell Bergen Heights arsenal; which was read
ft first and second time.
The question was upon .ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of War to sell at publiq auction,
to the highest bidder, the land and tenements
belonging to the United States situate in the
county of Hudson, State of New Jersey, and
known as the Bergen Heights arsenal; the
pale to be made on the ground, after thirty
days' notice, in the Newark Daily Advertiser
and Newark Evening Courier, and in the
Daily Times and Evening Journal of Jersey
City ; the proceeds arising from said sale to be
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. GARFIELD. This joint resolution is
in accordance with the recommendation of the
War Department; and in explanation of it I
submit the following letter from the Governor
of West Virglnia;
: " ' "" Washington D. C., March 23,1868.'
Sir;-regret to learn that that portion of the Sen-
ate bitl'&irectiug a saleol what remains of the anil-
ely property at Harper's Ferry. West Virgiuia,
Which provides that' lifter reimbursing the United
States ior buildings erected, &c., the surplus shall
go to tbeirec-sUiooi fund of West Virgiuia, lias met
with opposition in-your commit tec.
The State ot Virginia—the mother State—had no
free-sehool system, nor had she any school fund,
except a very small one, for the education otihe in-
digent—indeed, I may say, pauper children; and it
was wholly insufficient ior this purpose, as is evi-
denced by the census of 1800, wherb we find that
more than eighty thousand ot her free citizens over
twenty-oue years ot age could not read and write;
and, of course, West Virginia has received nothing,
nor can she expect anything, for educational pur-
poses trom the old State. The truth js, that white
Virginia fostered the University, could build asylums
ior liie insane, and tbe deaf, dumb, and the blind, and
spend millions tor railroads in the eastern portion
of the State, the west was wholly disregarded and
neglected m all these particulars, so that when West
Virginia whs established, in 1803, she had no schools,
no State public buildings ot any kind, and no rail-
loads orother impioveuieuts that had been built by
Virginia, notwithstanding the people had paid large
sums into the treasury as taxes on their property
from year to year as they were demanded. She had
no public lands within her borders, as the States of
the Noithweat had, out ot which a portion might be
claimed for school or other purposes; nor had she
any other tund whatever to which she could resort
tor any of tho&e purposes. Moreover, the rebellion
was upon the couutry, and within her borders, act-
ually devastating and lajing waste her territory;
and, whilo East Virginia joined all her power and
influence with the enemies of the tjlovernmeiit, West
Virginia was true to her allegiance, and supported
the Government with thirty-three thousand ot her
sons in theArmy at acostol over two million dollars
in bounties, besides other liberal expendituies lor
the same purpose.
Under these circumstances, and at the time men-
tioned, the people ot West Virgiuia adopted a con-
stitution making it imperative on the Lc-gislaturo to
provide tree schools tor the children of the btato:
and the Legislature, at thelirst session, ui 1803, passed
a law providing schools lor the tree tdueution ot alt
the children ot the State, both white and colored,
between the ages of six and twenty-one yeais, and
this law is still in force, and has been most vigor-
ously and successfully executed.
We have built within the time mentioned about
one thousand school-houses—some oi them, in the
cities and towns, costing lrom six to ten thousand
dollars each, and are supplied with the most modern
school iurniture. All this, as well as supporting
the hehools and creeling an asylum for the insane,
penitentiary. Ace., has been done by direct taxation ;
winch, iu view ot the facts above referred to, bears
heavily upon the people of the State. Notwithstand-
ing these adverse ciicumstances, however, those
who have had control of the affairs of the State,
and the constituency by which they have been sup-
ported, have determined to enlighten the masses and
to press lorwaid with the progress of the time, and
not to allow them to remain where they were found
when wo .separated from the old State.
Our State, not having received any aid from Vir-
ginia or trom the United States for school purposes,
or indeed for any other purpose, it was believed that
alter reimbursing the (xencial Government ior the
improvementson the armoiy property, and thus sav-
ing from any loss, Congress would allow the surplus,
if any, to go into the school tund of the State, and
thus lighten the taxes of our people to that extent.
What the amount of the surplus may be eannot now
be told; but from information derived from the most
intelligent and ichaUlesources, lam satisfied that the
sum will be small—iar less than some puibous seem to
imagine.
May I not ask, therefore, that the committee will
take this subject under consideration again, in con-
nection with the statement I ha v eiiere made? And
may I not trust that it will be theirpleasure to report
the bill as it came from tbe Senate, and give it their
support in the House?
I am, with the highest regard, your obedient ser-
vant,
A. I. BOKEMAN,
Governor of West Virginia.
lion. Jam"es A. Gtaufieli>, Chairman of Committee on
Military Affairs, Hounc of Jie^ireneiitatives.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly lead the third
time.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does this
joint resolution provide for giving a deed for
the property?
Mr. GARFIELD. Authority is given to
sell, and I presume no further authority is
necessary,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The party
purchasing does not get a good title till he
receives a deed ; and in all bills of this kind
authority has been given to execute a deed.
Mr. GARFIELD. Authority is given in
this bill to sell and transfer. That implies the
execution of a deed.
Mr. WASIIBUUNE, of Illinois. I think it
would be well to insert after the words "sell
and transfer" the words "by good and sufli-
cient conveyance, to be executed by the Sec-
retary of War, transferring all the right, title,
and interest, of the United States.''
Mr. GARFIELD. I have uo objection to
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois will be regarded as adopted.
There was no objection.
Tliejointresolutioo,asamended, was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
aqd also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDGE ADVOCATES OF THE ARMY.
Mr. GARFIELD also reported, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, a bill (H. R.
No. 1487) to declare and fix the status of the
corps of judge advocates of the Ariny; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, recites in the pre-
amble that doubts have arisen whether the
judge advocates of the Army, though originally
commissioned in the regular service, fconstitute
a permanent corps in which vacancies may be
filled; that it is expedient the said corps be
made permanent aad vacancies filled therein.
The bill therefore provides that the corps of
judge advocates of the Army be fixed at twelve
members, including a Judge Advocate General
andan Assistant Judge Advocate General; and
the President is authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to fill all
vacancies which have occurred or may hereafter
ocour.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Thelatter motion was agreed to.
chattanooga rolling-mill.
Mr. GARFIELD also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 874) authorizing the sale of the
Chattanooga rolling-mill property at Chatta-
nooga, Tennessee, to the Southwestern Iron
Company; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, recites in the pre-
amble that the United States, on the 5th of
October, 1865, in consideration of the sum of
$175,000 leased to John A. Spooner, of Ply-
mouth, Massachusetts, his legal representa-
tives and assigns, all the property known as
the United States military rolling-mill in
Chattanooga, Tennessee, and all the buildings,
tools, machinery, fixtures, furniture, equip-
ments, and appurtenances connected there-
with, together with the railroad track connect-
ing the mill with the Nashville and Chattanooga
railroad, for two years from the date of the
lease, with a further agreement contained in
the lease that the United States would, upon
the request of Spooner, his legal representa-
tives or assigns, sell, transfer, and convey, by
good and sufficient deed, the absolute title of
the mill, buildings, machinery, and other prop-
erty to Spooner, his representatives or assigns,
to his or their own use. It is- further recited
that Spooner has assigned his interest in the
lease to the Southwestern Iron Company, and
the company have requested the United States
to convey to them the mill, buildings, machin-
ery, &e.
The joint resolution- proposes to authorize
the Secretary of .War, in consideration of tbe
sum already paid, to make, execute, and de-
liver all needful instruments conveying and
transferring to the Southwestern Iron "Com-
pany all the right, title, and interest of the
