1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March.
Mr. SPALDING. My friend is mistaken.
I said that iu the excess of their good nature
the Committee on Appropriations put in an
appropriation of $2,000, bat that if the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
are better natured they could increase the
appropriation to $5,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand that the
Secretary of the Navy recommended $10,000,
and that the committee in a spirit of great econ-
omy reduced the appropriation to $2,000.
Now, I have good reason to believe from in-
formation which I have received that a sum less
than $5,000 will be altogether insufficient. I
hope, therefore, that there will be no objection
on the part of any one to increase the appro-
priation to $5,000. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew it merely to express
the hope that I he amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will be adopted.
It seems to me wise economy to improve this
valuable property which has been presented to
the Government by the city of Philadelphia.
We are already using it very profitably by lay-
ing up there a large number of steamers which
have been put out of commission. This naval
station should be gradually improved; and if
I had charge of the matter I would expend
$100,000 year by year at that station until the
navy-yard at Philadelphia can be sold. The
lowest estimate which the present navy-yard
can be sold for is $1,500,000.
Mr. O'NEILL. It has been assessed by the
board of revision of taxes of Philadelphia, the
board of last appeal of valuation, at $3,500,000.
Mr. PIKE. It will bring more than is neces-
sary for building this navy-yard at League
Island. It would therefore be a matter of econ-
omy to go on improving the naval station at
League Island at once.
Mr. MULLINS. I oppose this amendment
on the ground that we have only a very little
while back got possession of this ground, and
now this appropriation is for no other purpose
than to make a preliminary survey of that
ground. It is clear to every thinking man that
looks at the subject that as soon as the neces-
sity develops itself a further survey can be
had, but I cannot see now the propriety of
raising this appropriation to the extent pro-
posed by the gentlemen from Pennsylvania,
that is, to $5,000, as proposed by one gentle-
man, [Mr. Myers] and to $10,000, asproposed
by the other, [Mr. Randall.] The commit-
tee have had this bill under consideration and
have inserted these appropriations after an in-
vestigation of the case more definitely than any
other members of the House can do upon a
casual examination or mere superficial idea of
the facts. Go on and expend the amount
already appropriated by the bill, and when you
have done that if the n ecessity exists for more this
House is always ready to give what is required.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Randall, it was disagreed to.
The question reourred on the amendment of
Mr. O'Neill, as renewed by Mr. Myers, and
there weie—ayes 41, noes 2d.
Mr. SPALDING. I give it up.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I offer, by direction of the
Committee on Appropriations, the following
amendment as a new paragraph :
For the completion of bridge over the Dakota
river, locat.-d antlsurveved, and road from said bridge
to Vermillion bridge, $1,000.
Mr. SPALDING. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Washington asylum and hospital, Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, $25,000; for Richmond asy-
lum aud hospital, Ilichmond, Virginia, $15,000; for
Vicksburg asylum and hospital, Vicksburs, Missis-
sippi, 810,000: Provided, That on and after the close
ol the present fiscal year the said asylums and hos-
pitals shall be discontinued.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the word
"present'' and insert the word "next," so that
it will read " close of the next, fiscal year." I
supposed this must be a mistake, for this is not
an appropriation bill to supply deficiencies for
the present fiscal year, but is a miscellaneous
appropriation for the next fiscal year, after the
present shall have terminated. Now, if we
terminate the existence of these hospitals on
the 30th of June next, then we shall have an
appropriation of $50,000 for the three hospi-
tals to be expended during the year ending the
30th June, 1870. I would inquire of my frienrl
from Massachusetts how that was intended?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It was
intended that the hospitals should be wound
up on the 30th of June next.
Mr. PAINE. Then let me inquire why is
it that we appropriate in the aggregate for
three hospitals $50,000 for the year commenc-
ing the 30th of June?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We do
not. It reads:
Provided, That on and after the close of the pres-
ent fiscal year the said asylums and hospitals shall
be discontinued.
Mr. PAINE. Now let us see how that is.
I turn back to the enacting clause of the bill,
as follows;
That the following sums be, and the same are
hereby, appropriated for the objects hereinafter ex-
pressed for the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1870.
Now, the appropriation here is $50,000 for
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1870,
yet this discontinues all the hospitals before
the year closes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But the
subsequent proviso controls the opening state-
ment. These hospitals by law ended with the
Freedmen's Bureau on the 1st of January ; but
as it would be cruel to have to turn out into
the world poor wounded men and sick men in
the middle of the winter, we move this appro-
priation to run them till June of this year and
then wind them up. We were asked for a much
larger appropriation, but we did not give it—•
only what is here reported. But I call atten-
tion to the fact that if this amendment prevails
there will be nothing to run these hospitals
between now and the 1st of July.
Mr. PAINE. I did not wish to continue
these hospitals after the end of this fiscal year,
but what I did want is this: that the commit-
tee should make some provision for their main-
tenance during this fiscal year, which we have
not done by this bill; fori call attention to
the fact that not a cent is appropriated in this
bill for the current fiscal year.
Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts. It is gen-
erally understood that in a miscellaneous ap-
propriation bill the appropriations become due
and payable at once.
Mr. PAINE. When the miscellaneous ap-
propriation bill provides an appropriation of
$50,000 for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, there is no room for any doubt about it.
The appropriation is for that year and it makes
no difference what the usage has been. It
gives us no money to expend on these hospitals
for the fiscal year commencing June 30, 18G9.
The consequence is that it defeats the very
object the gentleman has in view. I am willing
to discontinue these hospitals at the end of the
year, but I think some provision should be
made for defraying the expenses while the year
is running, and no such provision has been
made. I withdraw the amendment, but 1 call
the attention of the gentleman to the fact that
he has made no provision at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To re-
move all doubt I move to insert after the word
"dollars," inline one hundred and eighty-five,
the words "during the current fiscal year;"
so that the paragraph will read ;
In connection with the late Bureau of Freedmen
and Kefugees:
For Washington asylum and hospital, Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, $25,000 ; for Richmond
asylum and hospital. Richmond, Virginia, $15 000; tor
Vicksburg asylum and hospital, Vicksburg, Missis-
sippi. S10,000,duringthecurrentflscalyear: Provided,
ihat on and after the close of ihe present fiscal year
the said asylums and hospitals shall be discontinued.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Forcolleetion and payment of bounty, prize-money,
and other legitimate claims of colored soldieis aud
sailors for the fiscal year ending June 30. 1870, and
for salaries of agents, clerks, &c„ $145,000.
For rent of offices, fuel, light, &c., $25,000. - '
For office furniture, $3,000.
For stationery and printing, $20,000.
For mileage and transportation of officers and
agents, $18,000.
For telegraphing and postage, $3,000. Being in all
$214,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out
first paragraph. I make that motion for the
purpose of inquiring what is the object of ting
appropriation. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will explain it. ...
Mr. SPALDING. I will endeavor to e^-;
plain it to the satisfaction of the gentleman frQm
Indiana. Although the Freedmen's Bureau
was considered to be closed on the 1st of Jan->
uary, the Commissioner made a requisition upoa
the Committee on Appropriations for quite a
large appropriation to continue a number of
hospitals, among which were the throe named
in the paragraph that we have just passed, dur-
ing the next fiscal year. He also required
appropriations for some of the officers and
agents of that establishment to collect bounty
and pay for freedmen who have been in the
service of the United States. I hold in my
hand letters from the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau in relation to the matter,
and if the committee desires to have them read
I will have them read. The chairman of our
committee of his own volition inserted these
clauses in the bill; I mean all these clauses in
relation to the Freedmen's Bureau, involving
an expenditure of perhaps two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars. The committee at its
session this morning passed upon this matter
and instructed me to say to the Committee of
the Whole that these paragraphs were put in
the bill by mistake, and that they have not re-
ceived the approbation or sanction of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It was no fault of
our clerk; but the chairman, for some purpose
of his own, put these clauses in the bill without
any action by the committee. In pursuance
of the instructions of the committee, I ask
that all those paragraphs may be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman*} accept that as a
modification of his amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope all those clauses
will be stricken out, as they have not received
the sanction of the Committee on Appropria-
tions; but before the committee acts upon the
question it is but fair that the letters from the
Commissioner should be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Bureau of Refugees, Frerdmen,
Washington Citt, December 31,1868.
Dear Sir : I find by necessity that I am compelled
to ask tor a larger appropriation than I anticipated
in my report. X have not been able to reduce the
hospitals and asylums for the aged and for helpless
orphan children so rapidly as was then contemplated.
The hospitals remaining at this date are: one at
Washington, District of Columbia, one at Louisville,
Kentucky, one at New Orleans, Louisiana, one at
Vicksburg, Mississippi, one at Talladega, Alabama,
and one at Richmond, Virginia. There is an orphan
asylum either connected with or separate from each
of the hospitals named. The detail of my estimate
is as follows:
Washington asylums and hospital   $75,000
Richmond asylum and hospital  60,000
Vicksburg asylum and hospital  50,000
New Orleans asylum and hospital  70,000
Louisville asylum and hospital  10.000
Talladega asylum and hospital  10,000
This item for appropriation will then be as
follows:
For hospitals and asylums for freedmen and
refugees .$275,000
For collection and payment of bounties, prizo
money, and other legitimate claims to colored sol-
diers and sailors, I will be obliged to ask an appro-
priation for the next fiscal year to the amount of
$300,000. The details of the estimate are as follows:
Salaries ot agents, clerks, &c $170,'00
Rents of offices, fuel, and lights  45,000
Office furniture  5,000
Stationery and printing  50,000
Mileage and transportation of officers and
agents  20,000
Telegraphing and postage  10,000
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. O. HOWARD.
Major General, Commissioner.
Hon. E. 13. Washrtirne,
Chairman of Committee on Appropriations.
The question was then taken on the motion
