1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4*
United States in and to the Chattanooga roll-
ing-mill, with the buildings, tools,.machinery,
&c., and the railroad track connecting the mill
with the Nashville and Chattanooga,railroad,
Mr. MULLINS. I desire to ask what amount
is to be paid for this property. 1 believe it is
not mentioned in the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. As the bill recites,
$175,000 have been paid lor the lease, which
provided that on the request of the lessee or
his assigns a deed for the property should be
made to him or them by the United States.
That request has been made, and this bill pro-
vides, strictly in accordance with the terms of
the contract, that the absolute title of this prop-
erty shall be transferred to the Southwestern
Iron Company. They have already paid the
money, and it is only necessary to complete
the terms of a contiact already executed. 1
yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. I wish the chairman of the
committee would inform the House whether, in
his judgment, the amount which has been paid
bv this company to the United States is an
adequate compensation for this property. It
may be very true that officers of the Govern-
ment have agreed that the deed shall be made
transferring this property pursuant to a con-
tract, but that does not bind us at all to ratify
it, and 1 do not want to consent to it unless
the chairman will say to the House that he
knowsor believes,orhas reason to believe, that
the compensation is adequate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to my colleague
on the committee to answer that inquiry.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. In reply to
the question of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
1 will Siiy that this whole, subject was investi-
gated by the special Committee on Southern
Railroads, of which I am a member, and 1 am
satisfied that the price paid was afair compen-
sation. Theie is a doubt as to the title to be
conferred by the Government—whether it has
any title to the land at all or not—and that
doubt, makes the value of the property less than
it would be otherwise. It was land captured
and taken by the rebels, and then recaptured
by us.
The joint resolution was ordered to he
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
monument to fijenekal kearny.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 375)
donating condemned cannon for the erection
of a monument to Major General Kearny;
which was read a first and second tune.
It authorizes the Secretary of War to furnish
such condemned iron cannon as may be re-
quired, not exceeding four, for the completion
of a monument at'J'ivoii, New York, over the
remains of the late Major General Philip
Kearny, and other Union soldiers buried at
that place, who lost their lives in the late war.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third-
time, and passed.
Mr. GAllFIBLD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the. table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
asylums for disabled soldiers.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1488) to consolidate
the several asylums for aged and disabled sol-
diers, created under the laws of the United
States: which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the military asylums
established by the several acts of Congress
heretofore passed, with all their rights and
privileges, shall be transferred to and made a
part.of the National Asylum for Disabled Vol-
unteer Soldiers.
Section two provides that all the duties and
powers to be exercised or performed by any
person or officer relative to said soldiers shall
be vested in and exercised by the board of
managers of the said asylum, under such rules
and regulations as they inay determine, pro-
vided nothing in this aftt shall change in any
way the claim of ail) veteran or disabled sob
dier to support in said national asylum.
Section three changes the name of the
"National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers" to ''Veteran Soldiers' Home."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed-
Mr. GAllFiELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sault stb. marie reservation.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported, in accordance with the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of War, a bill (H. R.
No. 1489) granting a portion of the military
reservation at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, to
the American Baptist Home Mission Society ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of War to convey to the Ameri-
can Baptist Home Mission Society, by good
and sufficient title, a partof the military reser-
vation at Sault Ste. Marie, in the State of Mich-
igan, not to exceed one acre, now occupied by
mission buildings owned by said society.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GAUM ELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of military instuuorors.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. l l'.lO) to define the
pay of officers of the Army detailed to act as
military instructors; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill provides that all officers detailed to
give military instruction in colleges and uni-
versities, under the provisions of the act to
increase and fix the military peace establish-
ment of the United States, approved July 28,
1860, sball, while so detailed, be entitled to the
full pay of their respective grades the same as
if they were on active service.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tv. o. morse and charles s. siia1ibaugii.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed
to pay out of the contingent fund the &uin of $-100 to
w. G. Morse, and the sinn of $100 to Oharios S. iSham-
baugh, which shall bo in lull ot all claim by them on
account of services rendered to the Committee on
Military Affairs in collecting, during the roco.<-s of the
Thirty-X inth Congress, pnpeis and evidence respect-
ing artificial limbs furnished to soldiers.
I will say that this is an expenditure in-
curred during the last Congress, and the adjust-
ment of the amount has been fixed in the bill
according to the recommendation of my col-
league, [Mr. Schenck.] the former chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ROSS. I make the point of order that
the resolution contains au appropriation, and
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon the ground that the amount
is to be paid ouiof the contingent fund, which
is appropriated in an appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD- 1 move the previous
questiou. . '
Mr. BBOOMALL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
• ,Mr. GARFIELD. . I will.
, Mr. BROOMALL. I am under the impres-
sion that the gentleman's resolution will not
take money out of the contingent fund for the
purposes for which this is intended. J,.think
it requires a Joint resolution or bill.
Mr, Tv A-tSjBURNE, of Illinois. It has
been so decided again and again at the Treas--
nry Department.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is my understand-
ing of the law, and I therefore suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs that he had better make his resolution a
joint resolution, unless he is sure that I am
mistaken. .
Mr. GARFIELD. I will modify the reso-
lution and make it a joint resolution.
i will state that there were some seven thou-
sand circulars from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in the last Congress
sent out to all the soldiers who had lost limbs,
inquiring whether the artificial limbs furnished
by the Government answered their necessities,
and also for the purpose of completing and
perfecting arrangements for furnishing theia
to those who have not received them.
Mr. MAYNAIID. Has the gentleman con-
sidered the question whether we can appro-
priate money out of the contingent fund to
pay for a claim that originated in the last Con-
gress 't
Mr. GARFIELD. It is now a joint resolu-
tion, and its passage is recommended by the
former chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution (II. R, No. 570) was
then read a first and second time, ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military instruction.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back,
with a recommendation that the same do pass,
House bill No. 905. to establish a national
system of military education.
The question was npon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
'The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion authorizes and directs the President of
the United States upon the application of that
one of the colleges or universities of any State
of the Union, and of that, one additional col-
lege or university for every additional million
of inhabitants above one million in any State,
which may be designated by the Legislature
thereof, to detail from time to time one com-
petent officer of the Army to act as military
professor, and one competent lieutenant of
the Army, for periods of two years, to act as
military assistant in every such college or uni-
versity, and to prescribe the text books, the
course of military studies and military exer-
cises to be taught by said officers, as the con-
dition which shall entitle said colleges or
universities to the privilegeshereafterprovided,
and to establish rules and regulations for the
government of the officers so detailed, but
without infringement of the rights of self-
government of said colleges or universities;
provided, that the colleges or universities so
designated have a capacity sufficient to edu-
cate at one time, in a complete course of lib-
eral studies, not less than one hundred male
studentseach, and grounds suitable for military
exercises.
The second section provides that whenever
