1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
their own personal example that the negro was
equal with them and capable of sharing all the
responsibilities of government with them.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I will
answer in a word. I did not mean to cast any
reflection upon the gentleman in speaking of'
his prejudice. I know, my own observation
has justified me in believing, that it is almost
an impossibility or next to-an 'impossibility
for a man to have been born and brought iii
contact with the institution Of African slavery
and look at the question with a fair, unbiased
judgment. I have lived for ten years in a
State where the system of slavery existed. I
hiive seen the negro as a slave; I have seen
him as a freeman ; I have sfeen him as a voter.
I have not seen the native Guinea negro, as
the honorable Senator characterized it; but I
have seen the negroes in all the relations in
which they at present appear in my State. I
have never had the taste to select any colored
Dinah, to quote his language, as the companion
of my social hours. 1 leave that to those who
are "to the manner born," [laughter;] and
I have the satisfaction of knowing that even
that has become disreputable in reconstructed
communities, and that it is only those people
who, though they do not bear in the popular
acceptation down there the name of scala-
wags, deserve eminently to have it.-
Mr. DAVIS. I am told that our northern
brethren that go to the "manner" where peo-
ple are "born" go for the sable Dinah ten
times as much as those who are to " the man-
ner born."
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, it ap-
pears to me that it will be well to understand
what is to be done in reference to further action
on this matter.
Several Senators. We are going to vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have carefully avoided
entering into the debate on this subject, al-
though I supposed I should have been expected
to do so, at least so far as the consumption of
time was concerned; but I have anxiously
awaited the time when the Senate would con-
clude that it was proper to adjourn. I do not
intend now to speak on this resolution or to
enter into this general debate. I believe the
intention is to exhaust debate on the general
•proposition before we adjourn. Having _ sat
here so long, perhaps that is a wise determina-
tion. I submit that when debate is exhausted
-on the general question, when we understand
that ho member intends to speak on the gen-
eral question of the proposed amendment to
the Constitution, we had then better adjourn to
twelve o'clock, the usual hour of meeting, with
the understanding that our further considera-
tion of this subject be confined to the various
amendments to the original proposition. They
must undergo some consideration, and we must
have gentlemen who are not now present in
the Senate here to vote upon them, 1 suppose.
I make this suggestion, then, that it be under-
stood that we have an opportunity to consider
the amendments, and that when we meet at
the ordinary time to-day any further remarks
shall be confined to them. We may as well
come to that conclusion at once as sit here
and spend several hours more to no purpose.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I had pur-
posed to submit some remarks to the Senate
on this subject and desired to get the floor at
the adjournment or recess in the afternoon
with a view to submit what I had to say upon
the general proposition early this evening, or
I should rather say last evening, but in that I
was disappointed. I supposed afterward, when
I came to the Senate, that it would be more
agreeable to the body, as it certainly would be
to myself at so late an hour, to let the amend-
ments be voted upon, reserving my remarks
for the main proposition in the form which it
might assume after all the amendments were
disposed of. 1 did not until a few moments
since abandon the hope that the question might
go over until to-morrow with an understanding
or arrangement that a vote should be taken at
a certain hour, say three or four o'clopk; but
it seems now that whatever any one may desire
to say mu3t be said to-night, or rather at this
session.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will give way
I will more an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Minnesota give way ?
Mr. NORTON. I will say that my prefer-
ence would be that the Senate now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, I will make the
motion.
Mr. NORTON. I will give way for the
motion.
Mr. SUMNER, (at six minutes before four
o'clock a. m.) I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to : there being
on a division—ayes 12, noes '23.
Mr. NORTON proceeded to address the
Senate at length. [His speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILSON addressed the Senate in a
speech which will be published in the Appen-
dix.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart.]
Mr. HOWARD. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out the following words of the original
amendment:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States or by any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Congress shall have power to abolish or modify
any restrictions upon the right to vote or hold office
prescribed by the constitution or laws of any State.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask whether it is in,order
to offer a substitute for the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Oregon ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order to amend this proposition, because it is
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In voting on this amend-
ment I think we had better have a division or
a call of the yeas and nays, that Senators may
come in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being on a division—ayes 6,
noes 38.
Mr. DRAKE. I move an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out all of section one of
the proposed article and insert:
No citizen of the United States shall, on account
of his race, color, or previous condition of servitude,
be by the United States or any State donied the
right to vote or to hold office.
Mr. President,, I have endeavored very earn-
estly to express in the briefest possible com-
pass the idea intended to be conveyed by this
constitutional amendment. I would ask the
attention of the Senate to this form, which I
have drawn after repeated attempts, believing
that it expressed the whole proposition in less
words and in a better collocation of words than
any amendment that I have yet seen. Of
course, if the Senate should be of opinion that
there is some other amendment which expresses
it more succinctly than this I shall cheerfully
agree to whatever their judgment is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Missouri what the difference
is between his amendment and the one reported
by the committee. It is not obvious to my com-
prehension at this moment, and I should be
glad to have him explain it seriously.
Mr. DRAKE. I think that there is a differ-
ence, if not any otherwise, in the arrangement
of the different parts of the sentence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; I see there is a
mechanical difference.
Mr. DRAKE. There is, I think, more than
a mechanical difference. The right to vote or
to hold office appearing in the beginning of the
amendment proposed by the committee seems
to carry with it the idea that there is a right to
vote or hold office independent and irrespective
of a constitutional or legal grant to that effect.
By placing it in the other end of the sentence
in the connection in which I h'dve placed it, it
seems to me not to convey that idea, but that
the sole idea conveyed in it is that the denial
of the thing shall not take place pursuant to
the antecedent circumstances mentioned in the
amendment.
It may be, Mr. President, that I am not ex-
actly perspicuous in the statement of it; it.may
be that there is a line of difference and a shade
of distinction, but I beg leave to suggest to the
honorable Senator from Vermont that if, even
in the mechanical construction of the sentence,
the one has an advantage over the other, even
in so small a matter as that in a constitutional
provision, attention should be given to it. I
think that upon hearing the two read together
the probability is—I say it with all respect and
deference—that hearing the two read together
the consciousness of the Senator would prob-
ably recognize in that collocation of the different
branches of the sentence which I have made,
one which is apparently more fit for the subject
than that which has been presented by the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I think the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri is
open to the same objection which lies against
the amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. If I understand it rightly there arises
from it the same implication which is derived
from the language of the committee, namely,
that although the United States, that is, Con-
gress, may not deny or abridge the right to vote
and hold office on account of race or color or
previous condition of slavery, Congress may
establish some other test upon the ground that
it is fairly implied. Now, sir, I cannot vote
myself for any such thing. I will not vote
directly or by implication authority to prescribe
any such test as that of religious creed, educa-
tion, property, or anything else, and I should
far prefer the amendment which I propose to
offer myself at the proper time instead of either
of these propositions, for I think the one which
I shall offer steers clear of these difficulties
entirely.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan if he conceives
it to be within the range of possibility in con-
stitutional construction that the express de-
nial to the United States or to any State of the
right to do one particular named thing could
by implication be held to be an affirmation of
its right to do another thing?
Mr. HOWARD. The question is entirely
too general in its terms and does not admit of
any definite and exact answer. The clause
submitted by the Committee on the Judiciary
is this:
The rights of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold officeshall notbedeniedor abridged by tho
United States or any State on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude.
As I understand it, the proposition of the
Senator from Missouri is tantamount to_ this.
Now, it appears to me very evident that if this
clause shall be adopted, there is granted to the
United States by a plain, manifest indication
the power to deny or abridge these rights for
some other and any other cause. I cannot give
it any other interpretation. I am not perfectly
sure, however, that the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Missouri is liable to the same ob-
jection, because this is the first time I have
heard it.
Mr. DRAKE. It is not, I think.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope, then, that it will
be read again.
The Chief Clerk again read the proposed
amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to inquire if he
might not be deprived of that right by reason
of somebody else's offenses. In the House a
portion of the section was put in the form it is
in consequence of the attempt to avoid a diffi-
culty that might arise from a man being de-
prived of the right to vote by reason of his
