1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
to strike out submitted by Mr. Spalding ; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. By direction of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations I move to insert the fol-
lowing :
To enable the Secretaryof the Interior to pay Vin
Die Ream the sum now clue her on the contract
authorized under the joint resolution approved Juiy
28.1863, for a statue of the late President Lincoln,
$5,000.
This amendment is necessary to carry out a
contract made on behalf of the United States
by the Secretary of the Treasury with Vinnie
Ream. She has performed her part of the con-
tract so far as to be entitled to $5,000, accord-
ing to the strict terms of the contract. This
amendment is to carry out a vested right.
Mr. BALDWIN. I wish to say that the con-
tract provides that $5,000 shall be paid at a
certain stage of the work. How are the mem-
bers of the House to ascertain when that point
has been reached? There has been no examin-
ation or report in this matter. Consequently
the House can have no sufficient ground upon
which to make this appropriation. When an
examination and report has been made it will
then be time to make the appropriation.
Mr. KELSEY. Even if the gentleman is
right in the position he takes there is no rea-
son why we should not appropriate this money
in this bill. Vinnie Ream cannot draw this
money until the terms of the contract are com-
plied with on her part and until her work has
been accepted. But it has been represented to
our committee that the work has been per-
fected to a point which entitles her to this sum.
It may be necessary to have a formal report to
that effect upon the subject before this money
can be drawn from ihe Treasury. But the ex-
amination and report can be made in a very
short time, and we ought to put the power into
the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury to
comply with our part of the contract as soon
as the report has been made.
The amendment of Mr. Kelsey was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I move to insert
the folio wing after the amendment just adopted:
For printing and binding three thousand copies of
the laws of the Territory of Utah, as es imated by
the First Comptroller of the Treasury, $4,005 12.
I ask the Clerk to read the letter I send to
his desk, showing good and sufficient reason
whj' this printing and binding should be done
and paid for.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington City, D. C., December U, 1867.
Sir: I have received your note of the 9th instant
with regard to the account of the public printer of
Utah Territory tor publishing three thousand copies
of the compiled laws of that Territory amounting to
some nine thousand dollars, and asking from toe a
statement of facts as to that matter. X have been
secretary of the Territory of Utahforsomethmg over
four years past, having charge of the laws and the
distribution of tho same. The laws of the Territoiy
were revised and published m one volume in 185o,
since which time no eodifiation or compila tion of the
laws of the Territory has been mado and published
until the ono for which mis amount is rendered.
Each year a limited number of copies of tho current
session laws were printed, limited by the Comp-
troller of the bnited States Treasury, but quite suf-
ficient during tile early years ot tho Territory. The
rapid increase of population, the foimation of new
counties and townships, and consequent increase of
the number of officers and the continual changes of
officers throughout the Territory, soon exhausted
these session laws so that I do not think there has
been a time during my whole term of office that I
have; been able to turnish a tullsetof the laws of tho
territory to those entitled to them. Besides, as in
all new countries rapidly filling up, the great devel-
opment of its varied material interests required con-
tinual changes in the laws of the Territory by way
of amendment, repealing, &c„ until it became al-
most impossible to tell what laws were iniorcoin
the Territory. It was apparent to all that tho laws
must be compiled and republished, but it was post-
poned from year to year by the Legislature, expect-
ing that the Territory would be admitted as a State,
which would require a new revision of the laws until
|he session of 1865-66, when tho Legislature provided
tor the compilation and,publication of three thou-
sand copies in one volume of all the laws then in
  °u ln.'he Territory. I informed the public printer
at the time that under the iosti uctions of the Comp-
troller of the Treasury I could, as Secretary, pay for
only one thousand copies of the current session laws,
and that he must look to Congress for his pay of the
balance. It is lor this that the account referred to
is made. This republication of the laws was very
n^oessary, and it seems to me just and proper that
Congress should provide for the payment of the
expense.
Truly, yours, AMOS REED,
Secretary of Utah Territory.
I concur in the view expressed by Mr. Reed in
reference to the necessity of the amount of printing
done.
GAL. P. McCUNDY,
Associate Justice, Supreme Court, Utah Territory.
Hon. William H. Hooper, Delegate in Congress.
The question was on the amendment of Mr.
Hooper, of Utah.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not think this is in
order at all. The amendment is to provide for
some incidental expense.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the point of order is made a little
too late.
Mr. SPALDING. The Committee of the
Whole will see that the communication which
has been read is from officers of the Territory
of Utah, and not from any of our Departments
here. There has been no estimate or anything
of that sort sent to us by any Department; and
I desire to say further, that Congress has already
made an appropriation for one thousand copies
of the laws of the Territory of Utah. But they
are not satisfied with that; they want three
thousand more.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I desire to say,
Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate on
this amendment is in order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I move to amend
the amendment by increasing the sum to
$6,000 for the purpose of obtaining an oppor-
tunity to explain this matter. The members
will have noticed from the letter just read that
this printing actually cost $9,000. The Legis-
lature of Utah, when this printing was author-
ized to be done, felt itself in duty bound to see
that the public printers were paid, and they
performed that duty, and fhey now ask Con-
gress to refund the amount which was advanced
by the Territory to those printers. But know-
ing the discrepancies that sometimes arise
between the accounts coming from my Terri-
tory and the amounts allowed by the Comp-
troller in auditing those accounts, I referred
the bills to the First Comptroller, who had the
work measured, and whose finding in the mat-
ter is stated in the communication which I send
to the Clerk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, January 18,186S.
Sir: In compliance with the request contained in
your letter to me of the 28th December, 1867,1 have
had measured the volume ot laws of the Teiritory
of Utah, accompanying said letter, the execution of
which work was performed by Messrs McHwen &
Thompson, whose account for printing and binding
the same has been placed in your hands, andrespect-
fully advise you of the result of said measurement,
as follows:
For printing and binding 3,000 copies of laws of
Utah:
Composition, 308 pages, 3,168 ems each, 975.744. at
$1 50 $1,463 61
Pres^work. 8 pages to a form, 39 signatures,
12 tokens each. 468 tokens, at $1 50   702 00
Paper, 122 reams, at $10 per ream  1,220 00
Binding, estimated for law sheep, at seventy-
five cents per volume  2,250 00
Total amount estimated  5,635 61
From which deduct amount previously al-
lowed for 1,000 copies of laws of Utah, ses-
sion of 1S06-67     1,630 49
Total amount to be provided for 84,005 12
Respectfully, yours.
R. W. TAYLOR, Comptroller.
Hon. W. H. Hooper,
Delegate to Congress from Utah Territory.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. The Committee on Appro-
priations decided not to recommend an appro-
priation for this purpose, because it is to pay
for the publication of a compilation of the laws
of the Territory ; and, as we understand, the
Government has heretofore paid for the pub-
lication of the laws annually passed by the
Legislature. It appears, however, that we have
made an appropriation to pay for one thousand
copies of this compilation—an expense that
was entirely unnecessary on the part of the Gov-
ernment. The committee therefore decided not
to recommend this appropriation, as the Ter-
ritory of Utah had already received the same
amount in this respect as other Territories.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Hooper, of Utah, it was not agreed it.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount to pay B. A. Shepherd the sum
due him on a lost check drawn by Robert S. Neigh-
bours, United States speeial Indian agent, on the 2d
of J one, 1859, on the Assistant Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States at New York city, for supplies furnished
the Indian department, $1,200.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out this paragraph. It simply pro-
vides for the payment of a claim, and a very
old claim at that. . It is ten years old. It ought
to go to the Committee of Claims and be in-
vestigated and reported upon by that Com-
mittee before any action upon it by the House.
Mr. SPALDING. This paragraph has been
inserted at the instance of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, who says that the Govern-
ment in 1859 had the benefit of this sum of
SI,200 in supplies for the Indians. The In-
dian agent, Mr. Neighbours, drew his deaft on
the Assistant Treasurer in New York city; but
the draft never reached its destinat'on; and
the money then on deposit in New York was
withdrawn by the bureau, so that a specific
appropriation is needed in order to pay this
sum. He further states that the whole subject
has been thoroughly investigated by two or
three different Commissioners of the Indian
Bureau who were thoroughly satisfied that this
money ought to be paid. The man has been
deprived of the use of this money ever since
1859, and he ought to have it, the claim having
accrued under the operation of law. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations agreed to this appro-
priation without a dissenting voice.
Mr. MAYNARD. How does it happen
that this claim has slept ten years?
Mr. SPALDING. For the reason that it has
been undergoing investigation from time to
time. Mr. Neighbours, the Indian agent, was
killed soon after the occurrence of the trans-
action, and this rendered it more inconvenient
to furnish the proof.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is there to distin-
guish this claim from any of the claims against
the Government that are sent to the Committee
of Claims?
Mr. SPALDING. It was contracted under
the laws regulating the Indian Bureau, and
the money was actually paid out by this man.
Mr. MAYNARD. As the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] appears to have some
feeling about this matter, I withdraw the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the acting charge d'affaires 'd.
interim at Venezuela, at tho rate of $4,500 per annum
from the 1st day of June last until such timo as a
minister shall be appointed and shall take charge
of the legation, such sum as may be necessary.
Mr. FLANDERS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the paragraph just read the fol-
lowing:
For the completion of the work of the commission
for determining and marking the boundary line be-
tween Washington Territory and the British posses-
sions, $13,600.
Mr. SPALDING. If the provisions in ref-
erence to the chargfe d'affaires at Venezuela is
still pending I make the point of order that
this amendment is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is to
add a new paragraph.
Mr. MAYNARD. After the House has dis-
posed of the amendment of the Delegate from
the Territory of Washington to add a new para-
graph, will it be in order to go back to move
an amendment in reference to the chargS
d'affaires at Venezuela?
Mr. FLANDERS. I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
following paragraph:
For compensation of the acting chargS d'affaires
ad interim at Venezuela, at the rate of $4,500 per
