A 8
THE' ■(JLOOfefe.
December 10,
any-college or university shall have 'established
a course of military instruction and exercises
under the foregoing section of this act, the
President shall cause to be issued for the use
of such college or university, on the requisition
of the military professor, such text-books, as
may be necessary for'the prescribed course of
military instruction, whenever Congress-'shajl
have appropriated money'fo.t:thatpurpose,:and
such ordnance toil-ordnance stores and "c'&mp
and-garrison- equipage as may be necessary for
the prescribed instftietiqn to railitorex:ereiSes;
and the President shall direct iK|Wietail of one
ordnance sergeant, and :the enlistment of two
competent musicians, to be styled-c'ollege mu-
sicians, \vh.o shall have the'pay and allowances
of principal musicians of regiments, for appro-
priate duties at every such college or university.
The third section provides that the faculty
of every college or university which shall have
complied with the provisions of this act shall
be authorized to recommend to :tho -President
of the United States, on or before the 30th day
of June of each year, a list of graduates of
such college, of the class of that year, as nearly
as practicable in the proportion of one to every
ten of such graduates distinguished for general
proficiency in the collegiate course, special
attainments in military science afid skill in
military exercises, of good moral character
and of sound health; that the names of the
distinguished graduates SO recommended shall
be published in the Army Register of that year,
that one from each collage of the graduates
so recommended shall be commissioned in the
Army in the same manner as provided by law
i'or the graduates of the Military Academy
at West Point; provided that such appoint-
ments shall be made after the assignment of
the graduates of said Military Academy of that
year, and that, when actual vacancies shall
still exist in tho Army in the grade of second
lieutenant after said assignments and appoint-
ments all such vacancies shall be filled, as far
as practicable, from the lists of distinguished
graduates of colleges recommended as herein
provided, regard being had in all such appoint-
ments to the order of relative merit of such
graduates as fixed by the faculty of each Col-
lege or university in their official recommenda-
tions, and to an equitable distribution of such
additional appointments among all said col-
leges or universities; and provided further,
that the rights under existing laws of merito-
rious non-com missioned officers to recommend-
ation, examination, and promotion in the
Army shall in no wise be prejudiced.
The fourth section provides that for the pur-
pose of encouraging continued study and im-
provement among officers of the Army, and of
securing and rewarding'thc exercise of special
talent and zeal in the cause of military educa-
tion by officers detailed stt colleges under the
provisions of this act, they shall have, by virtue
of such detail and while so employed, rank and
the infantry pay and emoluments thereof, as fol-
lows, namely, a military professor of more than
twenty years' service in the Army, the rank of
lieutenant colonel; a military professor of less
than twenty years' service in the Army the
rank of major, and a ' military assistant the
rank of captain.
The fifth section provides that the President
shall detail an officer of the Army to serve as
director general of military education, who
while serving as such shall have the rank, pay,
and emoluments of brigadier general. Said
director general shall be stationed at Washing-
ton, arid shall, as often as necessary, inspect
the Military Academy at West Point, and the
colleges at which ' offieefs may be stationed
under this act, to secure uniformity of military
instruction and faithful attention to duty on
the part of officers; and he shall make <o the
Secretary of War, for the information of Con-
gress, annual reports of the operations of the
Military Academy at West Point, and of the
military departments of colleges in which the
provisions of this act shall have been complied-
with; and there shall be detailed from the
Army, from time to time, an officer to act
under the-direetor general as'assistant director
of military education, who shall have, by vir-
tue of such detail and while so employed, the
rank, • pay. and emoluments of colonel; and
the director general may employ not more than
two clerks, one of the second and one of the
third-class.
The sixth section provides .that there shall
be appropriated from any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for each col-
lege or university which shall have introduced
into its plan of instruction a course of military
instruction in accordance with the provisions
of this act, the sum of $2,000, to'be expended
by the director general of military education,
with the approval of the Secretary of War, in
the purchase of the necessary books of refer-
ence, maps, models, and texlt-books for issue
to students for the prescribed course of mili-
tary education.
Mr. GARFIELD. I see by the manifesta-
tions around me that the members of the House
have not generally read this bill, and I will not,
therefore, ask for final action upon it at this
time. The attention of.gentlemen has been
called to the general provisions of this bill by
its reading, and I will say that the House will
soon be called upon to determine what it will
do in the future in regard to the education of
young men for officers of the Army; whether
we will double the capacity of the Academy at
West Point, as recently recommended, or adopt
the system proposed in this bill, or something
like it, as recommended by tho officers ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War last year to
examine and report upon the subject. That
system is that tho education of Army officers
shall hereafter be intrusted in part to such
colleges, not to exceed two in any one State,
as may be selected by the State Legislatures,
officers of the Army being detailed to ac.t as
military professors, &c. That plan is recom-
mended by many officers of tho Ariny.
This bill is too important to be disposed of
under the operation of tho previous question,
and I therefore ask that it may be made the
special order for some day sufficiently distant
for the bill in its present shape to be printed
and placcd in the hands of every member. I
suggest that it be made the special order for
tho second Tuesday in January.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
only opposed to this bill in toto, as being a
new scheme to plant military colleges all over
the country, but I am particularly opposed to
making it a special order.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I will move that
the bill be postponed until the second Tuesday
in January, without being fnade a special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I woul'd
inquire of the Chair what will be the position
of this bill should it be postponed until the
time named?
The SPEAKER. It will then come in be-
hind all bills to be found on page 2 of the Cal-
endar, whatever special orders may be made
in the interim, the appropriation bills and the
consideration of business in Committee of the
Whole. -
Mr. WOOD. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] if he proposes
to press the question at this time upon this
measure? I desire to be heard upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have already moved
that it be postponed until the second Tuesday
in January, in order thatit may be printed with
the amendments proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs,
Mr. WOOD. This is one of the most im-
portant measures ever proposed in Congress,
and we should have ample time for its discus-
sion.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] whether
this bill is in conflict with, or supplementary
to, th'e bill passed by Ccingress some years
since, giving land to agricultural colleges?
Mr. GARFIELD. It in no way conflicts
with it, and is not directly accessory to it; but
still it will work in harmony with it, if carried
out according to the true intention of the bill.
And I desire to express my regret that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbubse] has
pronounced against this bill, when he certainly
cannot have had the opportunity to know its
Spirit.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] whether
this bill includes in it a provision for a similar
■'system of education for the Navy ?
'• Sr. GARFIELD. No, sir; it has nothing
'to do with that.
Mr. CHANLER, If the education of the
masses for the purposes of national defense is
th'e object of the bill, what objection can the
"gentleman have't'o'authorizingthe Government
of the United States' to establish inthe harbors
Of this country schoobships for the education
of a fit body of officers for the Navy?
■ Mr. GAfiFIELD. In answer to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr, ChaxlEr] I will
say, in the first -place, that the Committee on
Military Affairs have no jurisdiction over the
question of education for the Navy; and in
the next place, these schools and colleges
located in the interior will not be very favor-
ably situatedfor the establishment of practice-
ships foV naval cadets.
' Mr. PIKE. The present system of educa-
tion for the Navy Is quite sufficient.
■ "Mr. CHANLER. As the Committee cm
Education and Labor has, in accordance with
a bill of the gentleman himself, provided for a
bureau of education, I wish to ask why this
matter is made a subject of exclusive military
consideration? In other words, why does a
gentleman who has been so active in changing
the whole system of national education by
inaugurating a bureau to take charge of that
subject hold in a corner this measure aud
keep it within the custody of the Committee on
Military Affairs? Why is not the question of
education for military purposes, as well as for
the Navy, referred to this special bureau cre-
ated on the gentleman's own suggestion?
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot consent to go
into a discussion of the bill now further than
to say, in general, that the measure was drafted
by an officer appointed by General Grant to
consider this very subject, and-bis report was
printed by order of General Grant when Sec-
retary of War ad interim. The bill, therefore,
comes to us with a recommendation entitling
it to very careful consideration. I insist on
my motion to postpone.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ascertain
from the gentleman from Ohio whether he
intends, if the bill be now postponed, to give
reasonable opportunity for its discussion when
it shall again come up?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Gentlemen on this side
desire to know whether they shall prepare
themselves to discuss this bill, or whether it is
to be passed under the operation of the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GARFIELD. There will be full oppor-
tunity for discussion.
■ Mr. ROSS. I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
Od the motion there were—-ayes 06, noes 40.
Mr. GARFIELD called for tellers.
Tellerswere ordered; andMessrs. Garfield
and Ross were appointed.
■ The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes 40.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter, motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD- I congratulate the organ
of the incoming Administration upon the sup-
port of the gentleman from Illinois on the
other side, [Mr, Ross.]
EN'ROLLKB BILL SIGNED.
"Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill (S. No. 658) to relieve from
