1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
disabilities Franklin J. Moses, a citizen of
South Carolina ; when the Speaker signed the
same.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. SHELLABARGER asked and obtained
indefinite leave of absence <?n account of the
sickness of his wife.
WAK CLAIMS OF IOWA.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill (EL R. No. 1491)
fixing the amount found to be due to th§ State
of Iowa on account of certain claims against
the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
The preamble of the bill recites that Con-
gress. by an act approved July 25,18(36, directed
the President to appoint a commission to ex-
amine and report upon the claims of the State
of Iowa for forage, transportation, subsistence,
and clothing furnished by that State to volun-
teers ; also, for tkerepavment of certainmoneys
expended by the State in raising, arming, equip-
ping, paying, and subsisting certain troops of
the State during the late rebellion; and also
the claims of the State for certain forage pro-
cured and barracks built and turned over to
the United States. It further recites that the
commissioner appointed by the President has,
after an examination of the claims, reported
thar. there is due to the State of Iowa $229,848 23,
and recommended the payment of that sum.
The bill, therefore, provides that the amount
so found due to that State shall be paid to it
out of an appropriation hereafter to be made.
Mr. DODGE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope this
bill will not be passed until we have some in-
formation on the subject.
Mr. DODGE. We have the report of the
committee.
Mr. ROSS. I raise the point of order that
this is an appropriation bill, and should go to
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The bill states distinctly that
the money is to be paid out of an appropria-
tion hereafter to be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
an evasion of the rule which I hope the House
will not tolerate—bringing in a bill in that way.
Mr. DODGE. I withdraw the previous
question for the purpose of having the report
lead.
The report from the Committee on Military
Affairs was read. The committee find that
the report submitted by the commissioner,
Brevet Major General Robert C. Buchanan,
under the law of July 25,18(10, has been made
after a faithful and careful examination, and
that the vouchers have been properly audited.
They therefore recommend that an appropria-
tion be made for the claims as audited and rec-
ommendcd in the report of General Buchanan.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the report of Gen-
eral Buchanan accompany this?
Mr. DODGE. It is printed—Miscellaneous
Document No. 101—if the gentleman desires it
read.
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir.
Mr. CULLOM. I would ask the gentleman
whether there is any special reason why this
bill should pass? Why should not the money
be paid under the general law?
Mr. DODGE. I have the report of General
Buchanan.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to have the
report read, then.
The report was read, as follows:
Commissioner's Office Iowa Cl vims,
W ashingtox, D. C., December 6,1867.
The undersigned having been appointed by tha
President, under the act approved July 25,1866, com-
missioner "to examine and report upon the claim
of the State of Iowa for forage, transportation, sub-
sistence. and clothing tui nished by ?aid State to cer-
tain volunteers of said State under command of
Colonels Moriedtre and Edwards; also the claim of
the State of Iowa for repayment of ceitain moneys
paid by said State in raiding, arming, equipping,
paying, and subsisting certain troops of the State,
maintained by the State on the southern and north-
40x11 Ooxg. 3d Sess.—No. 4.
western borders thereof, duiiug the iate rebellion;
and also the claim ot said State lor compeufcaiiou tor
curiam forage procured and barracks built by the
State on the northwestern border thereof, and turned
over by the citato to aud used by the baited iState.v'
has the honor to submit the following leport:
These claims are tor reimbursement of expenses
incurred and payments made by the State in the
employment of a State miiitia force to protect it
against the depredations of Indians on the north, and
bushwhacking rebels uithe south, during a peiiod
ot the rebellion when the United States Government
was unprepared to turmsh tiie troops necessary toi
that purpose.
After a careful examination ot the act, and of the
claims and their vouchers presented by the State, I
became satished that it would not be possible oi
proper to apply to them the rules usually prescribed
by the accounting: olliecrs of the Treasury lor the
settlement ot military claims against the Government.
The exigencies ot the cose demanded immediate ac-
tion, and the exceptional circumstances under which
they originated rendered ttiese expenditures abso-
lutely imperative, and would oi themselves have
justified a greater depariuie Irom the proper forms
of the various voueheis than is lound 111 them.
The troops employed were the regiments ot Colo-
nelsMoriedge, Edwards, and Bussoy, on the southern
border in 18G1; the "southern bolder brigade'' m
1SG--G3; "southweMcrn frontier companies" in 1801-
62-C3-(5i; miscellaneous companies in 1801, on south-
ern border; the " northern trontiei guards*'in 1861;
and the "northern bolder brigade"' in lyCJ-Oo.
I shall not attempt to give a detailed history of the
circumstances under which these soveral bodies of
troops wore culled out, as they will be shown by the
statements of his Kxceilency Governor Kirkwood,
Colonel J. N. Dewey, Scate commissioner of claims,
and the reports of the various agents and oftiecrs
employed, all of which accompany this report. The.
Sioux Indians, very soon alter the outbieak ot ihe
rebellion, showed a very stiong disposition to hostili-
ties, andcausedintense alarm and excitement among
the settlers in the northern and northwestern bordeis
of the State. These settb rs weie mostly of foreign
birth* only recently ariived in the country, and en-
tirely unacquainted with the Indian character and
habits, and hence the more easily excited and alarmed
by the current reports ol their treaclieiy and baibyi-
ity. "The alarm was such," s tys Governor Kirk-
wood, that the people nearly umaxe were leaving
their homes, taking their families ana such propexty
as they conveniently could, andabjindoningu.il else,
and urgent s.ppnals were made to me lor protection."
In this stale of affairs, to afford such protection as
was m the power ot the State was an imperative duty
with the Governor, and ho dischyiged it iailhiuliy by
calling1 into the service ot the State the various troops
employed on its northern holders. They were re- ;
tained only while their seivices could not be dis-
pensed with, and as soon as tlicy could be safely dis-
charged they were mustered out. While in the service
some of these troops built barracks and block-houses,
and. at the time ol their discharge turned them over
to the United States troops by whom they Were
relieved.
While this state of affair-, existed in the noithein
section, armed rebels in Missouri and their sympa-
thizers m thesouthern partol the State were strongly
threatening its peace, andtho Union men there were
loudly calling for aid to piotect themselves against
bushwhackers, who in some instances penetrated far
into the interior of the Slate, eanymg olf prisoners
and committing their usualdepredations. The Gov-
ernment was calling loudly lor volunteers tiom the
State to aul in the suppression of the rebellion, but,
says Governor Kirfavood, "itwas useless to expect
men to volunteer to leave their homes and families
unless they had some guarantee that these would bo
protected during their absence.'' llenco arose the
necessity for theservices ot theregiments of Colonels
Morledge, Edwards, and Bus ey, as also the othcr
organizations employed in the southern portion of
the State.
These troops were accordingly raised, armed,
equipped, paid, and subsisted." in aecordauce with
the provisions of an act of the Legislature ot the
State approved April 7,1802, and hereunto appended,
by which it is provided that "t lie oilioeis and men shall
receive the same pay and allowances as aic allowed
to like troops in the service of the United States."
In the examination of the question ot reimburse-
ment to the State of Iowa ior the expenses incurred
by these several bodies of troops two questions arise,
by the answers to which the whole matter must be
decided: .
J'hnt. Was there such necessity for then employ-
ment as to justify their organization ?
tfecoiid. Were the expenditures made under the
several heads reasonable aud proper, and m aecord-
onoo with the spirit of the laws in such cases made
and provided?
With regard to the necessity, the facts stated above
.show, in my opinion, that it was absolutely impera-
tive. On the one border the lives and property of
the inhabitants of the State were threatened by a
sanguinary and savage foe, and on the other trie
integrity of the State itself as a member of the Union
was in imminent jeopardy from armed traitors and
rebels seeking: its conquest. No one cau doubt the
necessity and propriety of employing these troop?.
As to the expenditures, the Legislature, by the act
referred to, directed that all accounts arising under
the employment of those tioops should be submit-
ted, previous to payment, to a board ot commission-
ers then in existence, whose duty it was to audi t and
allow all claims against the State. Fortunately the
members of this buaid were intelligent and discreet,
and consulted a rigid economy in their allowances,
being somewhat controlled, perhaps, by the idea oi
the uncertainty of the amount being refunded by the
Government. The board had plena i.v power*;
decisions were iinul, as no appeal could be t.ik^n
from th^m, nor eouid any account be paid without
its approval* wiiii theamount allowed indorsed upon
if, and verified by the signatures of its mombcif.
My examination of these accounts shows inc that
they are careiuiiy made up in accordance with tho
laws of the State, verified on oath, and though not
in the forms used by the Treasury Department, yet
sufficiently like them for ail practical purposes. I
therefore did not attempt to apply'to them the regu-
lations of the accounting officers of the Treasury, for
had this been possible.it did not seem-likely that
Congress would have provided by law for a commis-
sioner "to examine and report upon" claims that
could have been as well decided upon by those offi-
cers themselves. The letters of the Secretary - of
the Treasury and the Second Comptroller, hereto
appended, sanction this opinion.
The regiments of Colonels Morledge and Edwards,
and the company ol Captain Jones, were called into
service in 18bl, and were employed,with tho consent
of Majoi General Pope, m active service in Missouri.
The report concludes, with a statement of the
claim taken from the pay-rolls and other docu-
ments. At the conclusion of the reading of
the report, the morning hour expired.
CHINA MAIL STEAMSHIP SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. SGIIENCK, the House pro-
ceeded to business ou the Speaker's table.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution ($. No. 104) rela-
tive to the ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and China, authorized
by act of Congress approved February 17,
18G5 ; which was read a lirst and second time,
and, on motion of Mr. Farxswouth, referred
to the Committee on the Post Oilice and Post
Roads. \ J
BRIDGES ACROSS THIS OHIO IUVEIt.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 022) in relation to bridges
across the Ohio river j which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. BINGHAM."' I move to refer the bill
to tho Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. ELIOT. I think it should go to the
Committee on Commerce. I move that,amend-
ment..
Mr. BINGHAM. I think it. ought to go to
tho Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. RAUM. I desire to put it on its pas-
sage.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not. It is too im-
portant to pass at once.
Mr. PtIELPS. Gentlemen ought not to
vote upon a question so important as this with-
out. knowing what they are voting upon. The
passage of this bill would involve the Govern-
ment at once in an expense of nearly half a
million dollars in the shape of damages to a
company which has commenced the construc-
tion of bridges under the existing law, for
which amount the Government would be re-
sponsible to the eompany in the Courtof Claims.
It is well for gentlemen to know that in voting
for this bill they vote to involve tho Govern-
ment in an expenditure of nearly half a million
dollars. 1 hope the bill will be referred to a
committee. ^
The bill was read. It directs the Sec-rotary
of War, with the approval of the President, to
appoint a board of scientific engineers, to con-
sist of not, less than five nor more than seven,
who shall report to the next session of Con-
gress the proper width of span for railroad
bridges across the Ohio river adapted to the
wants of navigation and commerce upon that
river, and provides that until Congress shall by
law take action upon the report no bridge shall
be erected over the said river. The board of
engineers are also to examine the bridge across
the Ohio river at Steubenville, and report
whether it is any obstruction to the navigation
of the river, and if so, to what extent, and
what should be done to remedy such obstruc-
tion. The provisions of the bill are not 10 be
applicable to the bridge now in process of con-
struction at Louisville, which bridge shall not
be less than 1'our hundred feet span across the
main channel of the river.
Mr. I3INGIIAM. Thosewholiavpnttended
to the reading of this hill will notice met it
discriminates on its face in favor of the State
of Kentucky and against the State of Ohio. It
