1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februaiy 8,
ment'to give them fresh rights, we shall wait, iri
ftfy' opinion, Until 'every person who is now forty
years o!'d #ill have' passed away, .and we shall
find ourselves at'the end of five yestrs or ten
yews 'further, so far as our action goes, from
sStainmg the point of Ttfn\>fergal liberty' and
^u&tiey than-we are now; t >
■That is allT desire to? say, ted lam sorry't-
haVe' been, obliged tin' say so 'touch. *" . f
Mr. DB;AKB. ■ Mr. President, I would not
prirtjfect this debate'atnome'ntlongerif-it were
not that the honorable Senator from Vermont,
ft seems to me, has taken an. exceedingly er-
roneous and detrimental view of "the first sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of atnerrdments to
the Constitution. We have arrived atthe 3tage
6f the dtebate upon this great question when it
is exceedingly important that we should un-
(terktand precisely what we are about and ex-
press our views'with the htmost perspicuity
that 'we are capable of, for now is the time
■when we are to select the language that is to go
into this amendment.-
The honorable Senator fro'ni Vermont takes
t}ie position that the fourteenth article of
amendment does in fact now, at this moment
Of time, confer the right to vote upon "all citi-
zens of the United States. X am constrained
to differ from the Senator from Vermont in
ffistt view ; and I think it will b'e apparent to
the Senate, by a very brief-examination of the
terms of "that seption, that no such claim can
be rightfully based upon it. Let us look at
the first sentence of that section :
"AH porsons born or naturalized in the United
States and subject to tho jurisdiction thereof are
oitizensof theUnitedStatesandof theStato wherein
they reside."
Does the honorable Senator contend that
that sentence is tho one which confers upon
njen the right to vote ? If he does, then every
State provision with regard to voters is com-
pletely overridden and put out of sight. Where
they require a man to reside in a State twelve
months that is abrogated and annulled by this
sentence, if that be operative to confer the
right of suffrage; because the very moment
that a man takes up his residence in a State, it
may be upon the very morning of the day of
election, he can go to the polls and deposit his
ballot, notwithstanding the declaration of the
constitution of that Stale that he shall have
resided there one year, or two, as is the case
in some States.
I do not think that tho honorable Senator
from .Vermont will claim that that sentence of
the first section of the fourteenth article con-
fers upon any man the right of suffrage. It is
simply, and never was intended for anything
else than, a definition of what constitutes a
citizen of the United Slates and a citizen of a
State—a question that had been debated in this
country about which judicial decisions pro
and, con had been given, and about which the
opinions of Attorneys General of the United
States had been given ; and yet it was never
settled, and probably never would be settled
until settled just in this way.
Now, sir, lot us look at the next portion of
that sentence which, from the remarks of the
honorable Senator, I take to be the one that
he considers to cover the right to vote. It reads
thus:
"No State shall mako or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of tho United States."
To make the argument of the Senator from
Vermont good, it must be that he holds that a
privilege of a citizen of the United States is to
vote-.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it not one of yours?
DilAKE. Itis: but I am a citizen also
of Missouri, and under her constitution entitled
to vote._ I say a citizen of the United States
merely is not entitled to vote anywhere in the
united States. There is hot a spot of land in
the United States where a man is entitled to
vote merely because he is a citizen of the Uni-
ted States. He must comply with the terms of
the local constitution or the local law.
Mr. SUMNER. May I put a question there
to my Mend ?
Mr. DRAKE. CeHainly.
> Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator take into
view the clause of that amendment by which
Congress is expressly empowered- to- enforce
the amendment ? - • .<■-■•
■■Mi. DRAKE;' I do.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there not a -source of
pjowe-r in'that? - •• - •
■ Mr. DRAKE. There is a source of power
to enforce all that is written in thatamendment.
<' Mr. -SUMNER. That isr to enforce the im-
munities ttnd privileges of citizens. Congress
has plenary power to enforce those immunities
and privileges. What more can it have ? What
amendment can you invent now that will give
Congress so much as it has there ?
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, there is the
very assumption again that the word "privi-
leges" embraces the right to vote ; and that is
the very thing I am disputing. I say again,
and I call upon any Seuator lire who can do
it to show me where in the United States a
man can vote merely because he is a citizen of
the United States. I say, fearlessly, nowhere
within the limits of the territory of the whole
United States. There is, wherever he may be,
a local constitution or a local law which pre-
scribes something more than to be a citizen of
the United States in order that he shall vote.
Every Senator here knows that fact as existing
in his own State, and therefore it is that it is
impossible that the word " privileges" as con-
tained in this section of the Constitution can
embrace the right to vote because a man is a
citizen of the United States.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to call the attention of the gentle-
man to one point, as I do not wish to speak
myself on this subject. If the construction
which the Senator from Vermont puts upon
this first section of the fourteenth amendment
is true, will it not abrogate the educational pro-
vision with regard to the right of suffrage in
Massachusetts? Will it not abrogate the re-
ligious test which is in the letter of the con-
stitution of New Hampshire for office-holding,
and the requirement of residence also ?
Mr. DRAKE". I would say with regard to
that, that there is just one conclusion to which
the constitutional lawyer must come if the con-
struction claimed by the Senator from Vermont
is correct; and that is that every single provis-
ion contained in every constitution of every
State of this Union is wiped out by that single
sentence, except the mere requirement that the
man shall be a citizen of the United States, and
that it imposes that requirement upon every
man in every State, notwithstanding the con-
stitution of the State may admit men to -vote
who are not citizens of the United States. If
it be true in any sense whatever that that lan-
guage of the Constitution referring to the priv-
ileges of citizens of the United States means
the right of every citizen of the United States
to vote, then every single provision in every
State constitution in this country, except that
merely, is completely wiped out by that sec-
tion. _ I do not think that that is a correct con-
struction of this sentence. I think we have
more to do. I think that sentence referred
only to the privileges and immunities which
attach to men as citizens of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are those?
Mr. DRAKE. Personal, sir; the right to
life, liberty, property, and the pursuit of hap-
piness.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you think, then, that
a citizen of the United States would have a
right to acquire real estate in your State except
he took it by or-in conformity to your law 1
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; that is a mere mat-
ter of local form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A mere regulation.
Mr. DRAKE. A mere regulation as matter
of local form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So is the residence of
the voter.
Mr. DRAKE. But this does not have the
effect of wiping out that regulation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does if it is construed
iu that way.
■""Mr. DRAKE, ' If it is to be construed as
giving the right to vote, then, as I said before,
it does'wipe out everything else, and we stand
here then before the'whole country claiming
that a; constitutional amendment, whioh was
adopted -without any man in the nation ever
saying that it meant-that thing, does sweep-out
from the constitutions of all the States all the
requirements of age, of residence, of property,
of education. Everything of that kind is swept
away b^ that one clause, and all men-who are
citizens- of the United States are entitled to
vote wherever" they may happen to be at the
time of the election.
'Mr. EDMUNDS. ■ I hope the Senate wil]
not be-frightened out of any fair construction
of the-fourteenth article, or any other article,
by the tremendous consequences which my
friend from 'Missouri has painted. I do not
think it would be very .frightful if it should
happen that the clause in the constitution of
New Hampshire which requires a certain
religious test—I do not know -whether it is
Mahommedan or Christian or what it may
be—for holding office, or the clause in any other
State constitution which limits the right to
vote to persons of a particular race, were
swept away. The question is, after all, what
is the fair, legal construction that can be fairly
put upon language which is to he interpreted
favorably and beneficially for the enlargement
of the rights of men. The argument that the
Senator from Missouri has addressed to us is
based purely upon consequences that he sup-
poses to be absurd or inconvenient which are
to flow from that construction. He, like a
wise dialectician, evades 'and -turns his back
upon the meaning of the words that are con-
tained jn the article. He is careful not to tell
you, sir, how broad the word "privilege" is.
He is careful not to tell you the true scope and
definition of citizenship ; but he swims away
in a cloud of eloquence that always surrounds
him to these ghastly consequences of a Meth-
odist being entitled to hold office in New Hamp-
shire, and a man who cannot read being enti-
tled to vote in Massachusetts.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the gentleman will allow me, I will read that
sentence in our constitution. Speaking of a
member of the Legislature it says :
"He shall be at the time of his election an inhab-
itant of tho town, parish, or place he is ohosen to
represent ; shall be of the> Protestant religion, and
shall cease to represent such town, parish, or place
immediately on hiOeasing to be qualified as afore-
said."  
I will say that although that is in the letter
of the Constitution, and goes far back, having
a history whichis not at all disgraceful to New
Hanipshire, it is now a dead letter. I have
myself sat in the Legislature with a Catholic,
an able, patriotic, noble man, who hazarded
his life on many a battle-field for the preserva-
tion of the country. But it is there, having
its origin far back in the history of the State?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not intend to open
any question of reproach to the Commonwealth
of New Hampshire. I have no doubt that she
framed her institutions according to the spirit
of the time when she entered upon political
life. I cannot stop now to discuss either the
history or the present wisdom or the effect of
that clause. I only referred to it in reply to
my honorable friend from Missouri.
Now, sir, to condense, the key to this whole
question between my friend and me is here:
if it is one of the essential privileges of citizen-
ship, as my friend knows that, it is to him and
to me, to vote, to exercise political power, then
the Constitution says that the privileges which
belong to him and me shall not be denied or
abridged by any State.
Mr. Drake rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ If the honorable Senator
will be quiet for a minute, if he will "possess
his soul in patience," as 1 know he can, I shall
soon be through.
The Constitution does not say that the privi-
leges and immunities of a particular class, a
chosen few, shall not be denied or abridged.
It does not declare that in the State of New
