50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
contains an express provision that its provis-
ions shall not operate upon the bridge in pro-
cess of construction at Louisville, Kentucky.
It decides further as to the span requisite, to
wit, four hundred feet. It then provides for a
commission to determine against the bridge
already completed across the Ohio river at
Steubenville, and connecting by rail the cities
of St. Louis and Cincinnati with the city of
Pittsburg, a structure that has cost nearly a
million dollars.
Now, I desire that the bill shall be referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and let
them examine into this question and report
upon it, and satisfy this House why Congress
should iu advance discriminate in favor of
Kentucky and against the State of Ohio, and
why all our works should be stopped on the
Ohio river, from its mouth to the southern bor-
der of the State, while the work is to go on in
Kentucky, and why the commerce and trade
of the whole Southwest should be secured to
the State of Kentucky to the exclusion of the
State of Ohio'. I ask the House to consider
further that a hill like this passed before with-
out debate under the operation of the previous
question. 1 think it is treatment to which the
people of Ohio have not subjected themselves
by tneir conduct in the past, and, for one, I pro-
test against this discrimination in advance in
favor of the interests of any State of this Union
to the exclusion of my own State. The bill
proposes tj allow this commission to inquire
concerning a bridge which has been fully com-
pleted and is now m use and in full operation,
\^und to inquire what more is to be douein oider
to remove it, if you please, as an obstruction,
to tear it down and destroy the interests of the
great line of railroad extending from Pittsburg
to the city of St. Louis. I hope the reference
will be made, so that justice may be done.
Mr. KAUM. Before the vote is taken upon
this question, I would like to make some little
explanation as to the course this subject has
taken in the two Houses, it wiil be remem-
bered that a joint resolution, which 1 had the
honor of introducing, was passed by this House,
making provision that no bridge hereafter to
be constructed over the Ohio river should
have a less span than five hundred feet over
the main channel of the river. That joint
resolution passed by a very large majority and
went to the Senate. It was there lefcrred to
the Committee on PostOffices and Post 1 toads,
and received very careful attention at the hands
of that committee, and was resisted with a
great deal of earnestness by certain Senators,
and particularly by the Senators from West
Virginia, and us a kmd of compromise, and
after thorough investigation of the subject, it
was determined that the action ot Congress
should be postponed in reference to fixing the
length of the span until there should be a sur-
vey made by competent engineers appointed
by the War Department.
Now, sir, if tiSSso bridges thrown across the
Ohio river are obstructions to the navigation
of that great stream, as a matter of course it
is proper that the Congress of the United
Stales should interfere m behalf of the com-
merce of that great river; and before the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr.BiN'giia.vi] took umbrage
at the aetion ot the Senate in discriminating,
as he says, iu favor of Kentucky as against
liis own State, he should have investigated the
subject and explained the facts upon which
the SenaleacteU when they excepted the bridge
at the city of Louisville. Why, sir, nature
has discriminated in favor of that bridge, not
the Senate of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
nie to interrupt him a moment?
Air. KAUAI. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. What I want is a report
to this House from the proper committee,
which shall show the reason why the work in
Kentucky shall be permitted to go on to com-
pletion, and the whole commerce of the South-
west thereby secured to the State of Kentucky,
all the details being settled by congressional
legislation, while the work iu Ohio shall be
suspended. You say that nature has made the
discrimination. I want the matter referred to
a committee, so that the committee may report
to the House the facts which are necessary to
enable us to act properly upon the subject.
Mr. MULL1NS. Let it be referred to the
committee of nature.
Air. BINGHAM. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Koads and Canals; that is the
natural committee for it.
Mr. RAUAI. Nature has discriminated in
favor of Kentucky, instead of Ohio. By a
rock-bound shore, on each side of the river,
nature has fixed the greatest width for the span
of the bridge at Louisville. Pour hundred feet
is the entire distance between the rocks at the
point where this bridge is to be constructed.
The gentleman from Ohio [Air. Bin'GHAm]
says that this bill proposes to discriminate
against the Steubenville bridge. If he has
examined the Senate report—which he may
have done to his satisfaction—be must have
discovered that the space at the base of the
piers of the Steubenville bridge has been re-
duced by a surrounding of rip-rap to the extent
of twenty feet, thus reducing the width of the
channel between the pieis forty feet.
Now, 1 would ask how the Senate and the
House can act more intelligently upon this
subject than upon the report of seven scientific
engineers appointed by the War Department?
1 hope this bill will pass at this time. It has
been thoroughly considered by the Senate and
passed by that body.
Air. Klillli. I am very clear in my opinion
that this bill should be reterred as suggested
by my friend from Ohio, [Air. Bingham.] I
think the subject-matter of this bill is one of
very great importance to our entire country,
and especially to thecommerce earned on upon
our great inland waters in the West. I think
this bill should receive a inoie thorough invest-
igation and inquiry at the hands of a commit-
tee than it has yet received. And I have no
hesitation in saying further to this House that
in my judgment the present bill is not right;
that its recommendation as to the longest span
of these bridges is not correct; that it proposes
too great a length for the span. I think there
ought to be a compromise between live hun-
dred feet and three hundred feet, in order to
accommodate alike or with some degree of
! equality all the interests of commerce, whether
by rail or by river, which are involved in this
proposition.
Now, a word in reference to the Louisville
bridge. I think my distinguished friend from
Ohio [Mr. Binuham] labors under a mistake
in regard to the intention of this bill in relation
to that bridge. The length of the longest span
of that bridge is not fixed or altered at all by
this bill ; it was not controlled by any bill.
The truth is, that the length of the span of that
bridge was dictated by nature. It was regu-
lated by the topography of the site of the bridge,
not by engineers, not by laws of Congress, or
the laws of Kentucky or of Indiana, but by the
very form and shape of the spot over which it
passes. The rocks that bound that channel
have themselves determined the length of the
span of that bridge, therefore it cannot bo
changed by this law. Should Congress now
attempt to change the length of the span
of that bridge it would have to change the
topography of the earth there. And the span
of that bridge, as it now stands, does not affect
the channel of the Ohio river at all; it does
r.ot diminish its width or interfere with the
natural course of commerce upon that river.
That question, therefore, is not involved in
this question of reference. I think the bill
should be referred, not only to the end that the
doubt suggested by my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] may be removed, but to the further
' and greater and more important end that the
House may be more fully advised as to the
relative influence and effect of this proposed
legislation upon all the interests of the country
in connection with these bridges.
The gentleman from Ohio [Air. Bingham]
entirely misapprehends the intent of this bill
in its exception of the Louisville bridge. That
exception was the result oi no disposition to
favor Kentucky, or to discriminate in favor ot
or against any section of t he country. And so
far as it increases railroad facilities or connec-
tions, or advances the interests of commerce
by rail, it is more beneficial to the North and
East than it is to the South or to Kentucky.
It is certainly promotive of the general welfare
and commercial-development of the country.
The real reason for that exception is the one I
have already referred to. Besides, that bridge
has been weli nigh constructed under laws long
since enacted, and to interfere now with its
completion would work manifest injustice to
the bridge company and render no compen-
sating advantages to the public. It was, there-
fore, very properly excepted by the Senate
from the operation of this bill.
I think it ought therefore to be referred to
the Committee on Koads and Canals, to which,
in my judgment, the subject properly belongs.
The bill purports to be a general measure, de-
signed to secure the establishment for all tune
of what may be called a national standard for
the spans of these bridges across that river.
If such a standard is to be established, it wou'd
seem to be very obviously just that it should
embrace all the great rivers of the country, not
the Ohio alone. Neither is it just that the
erection of all bridges across the Ohio river
should be forbidden, until the proposed com-
mission report and Congress prescribes a uni-
form length of span, while the erection of
bridges over the other great rivers is permitted
to go on. There should be no sectionalism in
this matter. Let the purposes of this com-
mission be extended and made to embrace the
Alississippi and other rivers; or if it be con-
fined to the Ohio, then bridge enterprises long
since projected in accordance with existing
laws and now in process of erection ought to
be allowed to go on.
Air. AtOORlIE A D. Mr. Speaker, I supposed
there would be little or no opposition to the
passage of $his bill, and I am somewhat sur-
prised that any opposition has been manifested.
It will be recollected that the bill passed by
the House and sent to the Senate was impera-
tive in its terms, providing that no bridges
should be constructed except with a span of
at least five hundred feet in width. The Senate
discussed that measure for a long period of
time. The committee of that body to whom
the subject was referred held meeting after
meeting. They obtained reports on the subject
from the ablest engineers in the country. The
resultof all the examination and consideration
given to the question by the Senate was the
bill which they have sent to as, proposing to
submit the matter to a commission of able
engineers, to be selected for the purpose b\
the War Department, I believe. 1 do not see
why any one should object to this proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mooiuiead] will allow me
to inteirupt him, 1 desire to inquire whether
the provision now contained iu this joint reso-
lution in relation to the railroad bridge com-
pleted above the city of Steubenville was in-
cluded in the House bill at all?
Mr. RAUAI. No, sir; it was not.
Air. BINGHAM. So I understood.
Mr. llAUAI. The Senate saw fit to includo
that.
Mr. AIOORHEAD. The bill as passed by
the Senate piovides for the selection of engi-
neers who, upon full examination, shall decide
how the bridges shall be constructed. If there
is any obstruction in the river, they will decide,
I suppose, that that obstruction shall be le-
inoved. This appears to be a question be-
tween the navigation of the rivers and the
crossing of the streams by railroads. Now, I
am in favor of protecting the navigation of the
| rivers to the largest practicable extent, and I
, am at the same time opposed to preventing the
I railroads from crossing the streams. If these
i two interests conflict, each must toaceitain
extent yield to the other; we must adopt an
I arrangement satisfactory so far as possible to
