1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
both. Now, it is a well-ascertained fact that
these bridges can be constructed with spans
ot' five hundred feet; and that, if constructed
with spans ot'only three hundred feet, they are
destructive to the interests of navigation. It
being then entirely practicable t.o build bridges
wiih a span of five hundred feet, their con-
struction in this way is a mere question of the
expenditure of a little more money; and I am
in favor of requiring the railroad companies
who are to cross the streams to make this
additional expenditure rather than destroy the
navigation of the rivers.
The bill, however, proposes to leave this
question to the commission to be appointed.
This commission will not ask us what their
decision shall be. These men, to be selected
on account of their scientific skill, are to de-
cide this question.
Mr. THIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MOOKHEAD. Yes, sir.
Mr. THIMBLE, of Kentucky. Why could
not the Committee on Roads and Canals, or
any committee of this "House to whom the
question may be referred, summon before them
these engineers and obtain all the information
necessary to enable them to submit to the House
a full report, of the facts, with such a bill as
would be satisfactory to the entire section of
country interested? 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man further whether this bill does not propose to
apply to the Ohio river a principle which the
legislation of the country has applied to no
other stream within the limits of the United
States? Why should this principle be applied
to the Ohio river, and no other?
Mr. MOOUHEA1). 1 am glad the gentle-
man has propounded this inqmry. In answer
to the first part of the question I would say
that the Senate had this matter under consider-
ation for weeks. I was called before their
committee two or three times. 1 went over
there day after day to consult with the members
of I lie Senate. They were very much annoyed
with t his question. Any one whoswill examine
the Globe of the last session will find that this
subject was up day after day for weeks, being
postponed time and again. The committee
labored upon the subject, and the Senate labored
upon it. The result was that they agreed upon
this bill; and I suppose there is nearly as much
wisdom in the Senate as in this House. Well,
my friend from Iowa [Mr. Price] says that
cannot be admitted, and on his account X take
it back.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. The com-
mittee to whom it has been referred have had a
number of these things before them.
Mr. MOORHEAD. They have ; and I do
not know but they had the gentleman from
Kentucky there. They had before them a great
many gentlemen, some of the best engineers of
Kentucky. I know they had Colonel Warren
and Mr. Roberts, an engineer oil the Ohio river,
and General Humphreys, also. They obtained
a written report, but they failed to get informa-
tion enough to satisfy them on the subject.
Mr. JO NES, of Kentucky. The gentleman
says it is ascertained that a railroad bridge can
be built with a span of five hundred feet. Does
he know of any such bridge in the United
States?
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 know one at Niagara
of about a thousand feet span.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. A railroad
bridge.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes; trains of cars run
over it every day.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. That is a sus-
pension bridge.
Mr. MOOHHEAD. There is nothing said
in this bill about the kind of bridge.
Mr. JON Erf, of Kentucky. Be that as it
may, 1 desire to know the main object of this
bill. 1 do not understand it. and would be very
glad if the gentleman would make a statement
of the object.
Mr. MOORHEAD. It is just on account
of this collision 1 speak of, between the navi-
gation of the river and the railways that have
to cross the river. The parties in favor of the
protection of the navigation of the river say
that it is obstructed by these piers, and for the
purpose of ascertaining exactly what that meas-
ure of obstruction would be, the Senate, as I
think wisely, has given us a bill referring the
matter to a committee of scientific men.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask if the
committee appointed by the War Department
for the purpose of examining this matter have
reported.
Mr. MOORHEAD. They have not been
appointed, and will not be till this bill is passed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to correct the
gentleman's statement in one particular, about
referring this matter to scientific men. By
the passage of this bill the bridge at Louisville
is expressly excepted from its operation.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I suppose the gentle
man from Indiana [Mr. Kkuh] had satisfied
the gentleman from Ohio as to what nature
had done at that point-
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; he has not satis-
fied me. 1 am only correcting the gentleman's
statement.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope the gentleman
will not undertake to override the laws of
nature.
Mr. BINGHAM. The case of the bridge
at Louisville is not to he referred to scientific
gentlemen, but is decided in this bill. It is
excepted from the operation of the bill.
Mr. MOOHHEAD. Before I leave the sub
jeet there is one other point to which I wish to
refer. I have some facts on this subject that
I think it proper should be laid before the
House. I know there wili be a question raised
here about vested rights, about certain bridges
having been commenced and the piers having
been put into the river stnee the last adjourn-
ment of Congress. Now I have some particu-
lar information on that subject that I do not
know that any body else bits, and being a mem-
ber of Congress, and feeling it my duty to give
the House ull the light on the subject I can, 1
think it very proper I should state it.
During the last fall I was called upon by an
engineer in cliaige of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, who spoke to me about the construc-
tion of a bridge at Parkeri-burg, and another at
Belair, below Wheeling. He said he was going
to put in the piers. I informed him that at the
last session of Congress the Senate had passed
a bill, which was pending before the House,
referring the subject of budging the Ohio river
to a scientific commission ; that I had no doubt
the bill would be passed among the earliest
actions of the House, and that would send the
whole question to a scientific commission. 1
therefore advised him not to luiild the piers
until that commission should decide the ques-
tion, unless he should make them at, least five
hundred feet span. He laughed at me, and
said that was a reason why he was in more of
a hurry to get his piers in He wanted to
establish this very vested right that has been
spoken of here in such eloquent terms.
Mr. TWICHELL. I would like to know of
my friend if a span of three hundred feet
would not be as wide as the navigation of the
Ohio river is at its narrowest point?
Mr. MOORHEAD. Yes, at low water;
but at high water it is from shore to shore.
The channel is just as wiue us the banks ot
the river are apart. Some ot our coal-boat
tows are two hundred and fifty teet in width,
and they cannot run through a channel ot two
hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I trust
the House will adopt the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio. [Mr. Bingham,] and refer this
bill to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
In the first place, no injury can accrue to any
party by such a reference, but rather it will
benefit all concerned. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. MookheapI has said tuat
one interest must yield to another in this mat
ter. By reference to the committee, and only
by reference, can it be properly ascertained
how far these interests shall yield each to tue
other, so that the greatest good may result to
the wtole country. The friends of river nav-
igation and the friends of railroads can each
present their views before the committee,, and
the committee thus be enabled to reach such
conclusions as will be satisfactory to all. Any
other course, it seems to me, would work
wrong aud injustice—wrong which, I am sat-
isfied, this House does not wish to inflict.
There is another feature in connection with
this bill to which I desire to call the attention
of the House, and that is that if this commis-
sion be appointed it shall report to the next
session of Congress. Well, now, when will
the next session of Congress be held? Prob-
ably the Forty-First Congress may hold a brief
session on the 4th of March next, but this
commission, if appointed, will not have time
to prepare a report and submit it at that ses-
sion, and it must necessarily go over until
December of next year. The whole of next
summer will be lost so far as this bridge-
building interest is concerned, and, as a conse-
quence, the bridge now erected across the river
at Steubenville, in which the Central Pennsyl-
vania railroad is more especially interested,
will have the advantage all the time, while the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, which
has now two bridges in progress of erection,
will be compelled to stop their work in the
erection of bridges, and their interest in the
transportation of the country will suffer, while
the Pennsylvania Central Railroad Company
will enjoy that interest for a year longer.
Now, it is said that the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company ha« commenced the erec-
tion of its bridges since the adjournment of the
last session of Congress. To my certain knowl-
edge that road lias been preparing materials
and making ready for building the bridges for
the last two jears, and they have already ex-
pended neaily half a million dollars in con-
nection with those bridges. They have located
their piers so as to interfere as little as possi-
ble with the channel of the river, thus secur-
ing the best draught of water, locating the
piers so that the water will draw fairly between
iliem : and it is generally understood that the
three hundred feet span which they are pro-
viding is sufficient to accommodate all the craft
which can navigate the liver at the ordinary
stages of water.
I trust, therefore, in order that justice may be
done to all interests and to all parties, that this
bill may be referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, where the parlies interested can
be heard and |,he committee can decide how
far the navigation inteiestof the river must
yield to the internal commerce of the country,
aud how far the internal commerce of the coun-
try shall yield to the navigation of the river.
And when they shall be fairly heard I am sat-
isfied the committee will not report favorably
upon this bill. I trust it will be referred.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 was not in the Hall when
this bill was read, and I have to trust to what
I have beard in this discussion in considering
its provisions. My first impulse was to vote
to refer it to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, so that it may have further investiga-
tion ; but the little discussion I have heard has
impiessed me with the conviction that the best
thing that those who are opposed to the legis-
lation which has heretofore passed Congress
upon the subject of bridges can do is to advo-
cate the passage of the bill in its present form.
During the last session of Congress, when
this question of bridging the Ohio river at Pa-
ducah, I believe, was before the House, I felt
constrained to oppose the passage of the bill.
I took the position then—a position to which
I still adhere—that all bridges constructed upon
any plan which is generally in use upon the
great rivers of the country are obstructions to
commerce, and must of necessity be so. Rep-
resenting as I do a district which is bounded
upon one side by oiie'huudfed and seventy miles
of the Ohio river, it becomes to the people of
my district an important and to some extent
a v:tul question. It will be with regret that I
shall witness the construction of any bridges
across the Ohio river below the falls of the
