1S09.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1755
GENERAL PENSION LAW.
« Mr. PERHAM. We have now disposed of
ail but one or two private bills tbat we have
ready to report, upon which there will be some
discussion, but we have a general bill that was
referred to the committee some time since.
Members of the House will undoubtedly be
disposed to discuss it, but I will say that the
committee have endeavored to strike out the
provisions of those sections to which objections
were made and have retained such as they
deemed to be important. I wish now to report
tbat biil.
Mr. HOLMAN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. There are a few pension bills left
undisposed of on the Speaker's table, and I
suggest that we take them up. This is cer-
tainly a proper time to dispose of them, and I
believe it was the general understanding that
we should consider these pension bills on the
Speaker's table at this time.
Mr. PERHAM. Personally I have no ob-
jection to that if it would be deemed proper
to go to the Speaker's table under the order
under which we are now acting.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair it would. The hour was reserved to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions exactly as the
evening sessions have been for some time past
reserved to the Committee on Appropriations,
and they can call up whatever they see fit, sub-
ject to a vote of the House.
Mr. PERHAM. So I supposed. There are
other bills on the table which the committee
desire to have considered, and which they will
be ready to act on when they are reached in
their order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maine propose to call them up during this hour ?
Mr. PERHAM. As I understand the decis-
ion of the Speaker we cannot do so during this
hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand just the re-
"V6TSC.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
was the other way. The hour belongs to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and they cau
call up those bills if they see fit.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will not press the calling up of
the bill to which he refers.
The SPEAKER. It is a matter for the com-
mittee and not for any member.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am aware of that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is an important
amendment to the bill to which the gentleman
refers which the committee have not examined,
and if it comes up at all it is sure to cause dis-
cussion and a division. It should be considered
by the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. That would be to defeat
it at this stage of the session.
Mr. PERHAM. The committee are par-
ticularly desirous that the House shall act
upon the general bill, and if there should be
time afterward we can take up the bill to
which the gentleman refers.
Perhaps a brief statement of the provisions
of the bill will facilitate the action of the House
in regard to it. It will be recollected that the
section of the bill which was attacked with the
greatest severity and to which there was the
greatest objection made was the third section,
the one in reference to that class of widows
drawing pensions who live in violation of the
marriage laws. An amendment has been pre-
pared to that section which I would be glad
under different circumstances to have the
House vote upon. It is that whenever any of
the persons referred to shall be convicted in
any court of competent jurisdiction of the
crimes alluded to, then the pension shall be
withdrawn. But I do not propose to offer that
amendment. The committee have concluded
to strike out that section entirely and have
freed the bill, so far as they knew, from every
provision to which objection was made except
the proviso in the present third section of the
bill, which will be remembered as the provis-
ion relating to the pensioners from whom pen-
sions were withheld from 1865 to 1866. We
propose to leave that just as the law of 1866
left it, thinking that under all the circumstances
it had better be deferred to be acted on at some
future time. I wish to say here that one of
these sections extends the time within which
applications may be made in order to have the
pension date from the time that the right
thereto accrued from five to seven years. The
committee have some thirty or forty cases of
that kind, nearly all of which seem to be merit-
orious, where good reasons are presented why
the parties did not make their applications in
time. They have declined to act upon them
as individual cases, but they have assured the
applicants and their friends in the House here
that they would provide for them by a general
bill. One section of the bill provides for that.
We think an extension to seven years will in-
clude them all.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
ask the gentleman what is the necessity for
this proviso to the third section of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is there any question
before the House?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Maine
has indicated his purpose to bring something
before the House, but he has not yet pre-
sented it.
Mr. PERHAM. I will present it now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There seems to be a
discussion going on.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, then reported a bill (H. R. No.
2020) relating to the operation of the pension
laws, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Any member has a right
to demand the reading.
Mr. BEAMAN. I demand the reading.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that by unanimous
consent we consider this bill as in Committee
of the Whole, section by section, with discus-
sion under the five minutes rule.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
Mr. PERHAM. In regard to the reading
of the bill 
The SPEAKER. It must be read, as the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. BeamanJ has
called for the reading of it. Any member has
a right to call for the reading of the bill, and
it must be read at some stage of its consider-
ation.
The bill was then read. The first section
provides that hereafter no claim of a widow
for a pension, pay, or bounty on account of the
service and death of her husband shall be al-
lowed nor shall payment of such pension, pay,
or bounty heretofore allowed be continued in
any ease when the widow has for five consec-
utive years immediately preceding his death
voluntarily lived separate and apart from him
and without receiving from him any support.
The second section provides that pension
agents may, under such regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, issue
duplicate checks to pensioners in lieu of such
original checks as may be lost or destroyed by
transmission in the mails and in other cases
before the same shall have been received by
the pensioner or his or her agent or attorney.
The third section provides that section six
of an act relating to pensions, approved July
27, 1868, he, and is hereby, repealed, and the
following shall stand in lieu thereof:
That all pensions which have been granted in con-
sequence of death occurring or disease contracted or
wounds received sinoe the 4th day of March, 1861, or
may hereafter be granted, shall commence irom the
discharge or fromthe death of the person on whose
account the pension has been or shall hereafter be
granted: Provided, Tbat the application for such
pension has been or shall hereafter be filed with the
Commissioner of Pensions within seven years after
the right thereto shall have accrued; except that
applications by or in behalf of insane persons and
children under sixteen years of age may be filed after
the expiration of the said eight years, if previously
thereto tboy were without guardians or otber proper
legal representatives: And provided further. That
nothing in the several acts relating to pensions shall
entitle any person who was in the service of the
United States between March 3, 1865, and June 6,
1866, as mentioned in section one of an aet supple-
mentary to the several acts relating to pensions,
approved March 3, I860, to a pension during such
period.
The fourth section provides that in all cases
upon the death of any person to whom a pen-
sion has been granted, and in every case when
any person shall die while an application for a
pension is pending, all arrears due such person
at the time of his death shall be paid only to
such person or persons as would have been
entitled to a pension had such deceased person
been killed or died of wounds received or dig-
ease contracted while in service and in the line
of duty, or to such person as the deceased may
be indebted to for care and expense during his
last sickness, including burial expenses; pro-
vided that such arrears, if due a female pen-
sioner, shall be paid only to the children of such
deceased, or the person to whom the deceased
may be indebted as aforesaid.
The fifth section provides that no pension
claim now on file, or hereafter filed, unless
proof sufficient to establish the same shall be
presented within five years from the date of
such filing, shall be allowed without satisfac-
tory record evidence to establish the same; and
when so allowed it shall commence from the
date of completing the proof.
The sixth section provides that if any per-
son entitled to a pension or bounty shall, by
affidavit or otherwise, having guilty knowledge
thereof, aid in procuring or attempting to pro-
cure any fraudulent claim upon the Govern-
ment, or knowingly aid in the preparation of
any fraudulent paper, or present or cause to
be presented such fraudulent paper, to procure
the allowance or payment of any such claim,
his or her right to such pension shall be for-
feited ; provided that the forfeiture of the pen-
sion shall be only for the lifetime of the ori-
ginal claimant, and shall not affect the right
of those who are by law entitled to succeed to
the pension, to apply therefor from the date
of his death; and no person guilty of aiding
in committing the offense specified in this sec-
tion shall be recognized as an attorney or agent
in the prosecution of any claim against the
Government.
The seventh section provides that whenever
it shall be discovered that any amount of ar-
rears of pay, bounty, or pension has been over-
paid any claimant, either by error or by reason
of any concealment or misstatement of matter
of fact on the part of such claimant, it shall be
lawful for the Second Auditor, Second Comp-
troller, or Commissioner of Pensions to with-
hold from such claimant the amount of over-
payment from any claim pending before either
of said officers, and to turn the same into the
Treasury of the United States by certificate of
deposit to the credit of the appropriation from
which the amount was paid.
The eighth section provides that the joi'it
resolution in reference to the collection and
payment of moneys due colored soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines, or their heirs, approved March
29, 1867, be, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to read as follows :
That all checks, Treasury certificates, and pen-
sion warrants hereafter issued in settlement of claims
for arrears of pay, bounty, prize-money, pension or
other moneys due to the colored soldiers, sailors, or
marines, or their legal representatives residing, or
who may have resided, in any State in which slavery
existed in the y*ar 1800, shall be made payable to the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau. who_ shall
be held responsible for the safe custody and faithful
disbursement of the funds hereby intrusted to mm ;
and whenever the claimant shall be properly iden-
tified and bis account is ready for settlement the
amount shall be paid him in current funds and not
in checks; and it shall be the duty of said Commis-
sioner, the officers and agents of his bureau, to facili-
tate as far as possible the discovery, identification,
and paymentof claimants, and to pay attorneys such
fees as are now prescribed by law; but in no case
shall any allowance be made for advances or loans
claimed by any attorney.
The ninth section provides that all moneys
held or disbursed under this act shall be held
and disbursed under the same rules and regu-
lations governing other disbursing officers.
The tenth section provides that hereafter all
