1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
100$
Hampshire the privileges and the immunities
of Protestants"shall not be abridged or denied.
It dees not say that in Massachusetts the privi-
leges and immunities of those who can restd
and write and know how t© defend themselves
shall not be denied; but it is a comprehensive
term as well in the objects ovef which it rests
as in the subject of which it speaks ; and the
difficulty which my friend has suggested, that
it wipes away every regulation of the exercise
of rights in the States because it gives those
rights, is purely imaginary. Every lawyer
knows, every statesman knows, every intelli-
gent man in the country knows that it is one
thing to have a right which is absolute and
inalienable, and it is another thing for the body
of the community to regulate equally and fairly
the exercise of that right.
My friend admits that one of the privileges
mentioned in that instrument to me is the
privilege of liberty, and yet I may be daily de-
prived of my liberty under the regulations of
the State, which apply to us all alike. If I am
deprived of it, rightfully or wrongfully, I can
only get restored to it by the process of the
law under the regulations that legislation
shall provide. My friend admits that one of
the privileges of a citizen of the United States
is to hold property. Where is he to hold it?
He must hold it in some State or Territory,
must he not? Now, then, is he to acquire it
in spite of the State law by an instrument un-
witnessed, unsealed, unsigned ? By no means.
He must conform to the regulation of the local
law which declares that his deed must be wit-
nessed by two witnesses, must be sealed, must
be acknowledged, must be delivered. And
yet no man here thought of supposing that a
privilege of a citizen was denied, although it
is confessedly by my friend agreed to be a
privilege, from the fact that the States regu-
late the exercise of it. Just so is the right to
vote. I am a citizen of the State of Vermont,
I am entitled by the confession of all in this
argument, I suppose, to exercise political priv-
ileges there ; and yet the law of Vermont de-
clares that in order to exercise political privi-
leges there I must reside in a certain place and
for a certain length of time. Does anybody
suppose that that denies the inherent and in-
alienable right that belongs to me under the
constitution of Vermont? By no means. The
■whole argument of my friend is set aside by a
simple recurrence to the sole principle that he
supposes, because this rigltf exists, it exists
without the possibility of regulation. That is
the whole of the argument. Now, as I say,
everybody knows that a right may be perfectly
secure and yet may be subject to regulation.
All that he has described—residence, time,
everything—is merely that regulation of minu
tiaj which tends to uphold and secure rather
than to destroy this great right and privilege
that belongs to the citizen in 'a republican or
democratic government to participate in the
selection of its rulers.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator, before he
sits down, allow me to ask him one question? I
do not wish to protract the debate. I wish
simply to ask one question of the honorable
Senator. I have no remarks to make upon it.
I wish to inquire of the Senator whether, when
he votes at the polls in the State of Vermont,
he votes there as a citizen of the United States
or as a citizen of Vermont?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Both.
Mr. DRAKE. Then both being done, one
would not suffice. The citizenship of the Uni-
ted States would not suffice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Constitution answers
that question. It declares that because I am
a citizen of the United States I am a citizen,
for that reason, of the State of Vermont, if I
reside there. That is the very language of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say but one word
on this subject. I feel it a duty to make
a single remark. As many of the Senators
well know, I served on the joint Committee on
Reconstruction, who reported the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution to the Senate
and to the House of Representatives; and I
am not unfamiliar with the object of that
amendment. It Was discussed at great length
before«the committee, and by the committee,
as well as in the Senate ; and I feel constrained
to say here now that this is the first' time it
ever occurred to me that the right to vote was
to be derived from the fourteenth article. I
think suchtt construction cannot be maintained.
No such thing was contemplated on the part
of the committee which reported the amend-
ment ; and if I recollect rightly, nothing to
that effect was said in debate in the Senate
when it was on its passage.
One word further. The construction which
is now sought to be put upon the first section
of this fourteenth article, it seems to me, is
plainly and flatly contradicted by what follows
in the second section of the same article. After
declaring in the first section that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are
citizens of the United States and of tho State, wherein
they reside;"
And after declaring that—
'No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States;"
The second section goes on to say:
"Bufcwhen the right to vote at any election for the
choice of electors for President and Vice President
of the United States, Representatives in Congress,
the executive and judicial officers of a State, 01- the
members of tho Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the male inhabitants of such State," &c.
Plainly and in the clearest possible terms rec-
ognizing the right of each State to regulate the
suffrage and to impart or to declare the necessary
qualifications of voters for members ofthe House
of Representatives, electors of President and
Vice President, and members of the State
Legislature. Sir, can anything be clearer?
Here is a plain, indubitable recognition and
admission on the very face and by the very
terms of this fourteenth amendment of the
right and power of each Slate to regulate the
qualifications of voters.
Mr. SUMNER. ..The Senator is aware that
that was denied at that time, and it would not
have passed the Senate had anybody attributed
to it that meaning. That I am able to say.
It could not have passed the Senate. The
Senator knows very well that there was an
amendment, as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, that was susceptible of such an
interpretation; and I felt it my duty to oppose
it, which I did at great length and most elab-
orately, precisely on the ground that it did
abandon to the States the power to discrim
inate against colored persons; I refused to sup-
port that amendment, and I associated myself
with, others in that refusal. The Senatorfrom
Illinois [Mr. Yates] took part in that discus-
sion and he was associated with me in consult-
ation to defeat the amendment. We did defeat
it, and on that ground; that it conceded to the
States the power to discriminate against col-
ored persons. We said we would have nothing
to do with any such proposition. Then this
article was brought forward, and it was sus-
tained on that avowed ground, that it did no
such thing.
Mr. CRAGrlN. Will the Senator from Mich-
igan allow me to make a suggestion to set the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts right? The Blaixe
amendment, to which he refers, was in the
reconstruction acts, and not in the constitu-
tional amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Ibeg the Senator's pardon ;
it was a constitutional amendment that came
here with a two-thirds vote from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but another word
to say. The occasion of introducing the first
section of the fourteenth article of amendment
into that amendment grew out of the fact that
there was nothing in the whole Constitution to
secure absolutely the citizens of the United
States in the various States against an infringe-
ment of their rights and privileges under the
second section of the fourth article of the old
Constitution. That section declares that—
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens of the several
i States.
' There it'was plainly written' down. Now,
sir, it seems to me, that' unless' the Senator
from Vermont and the Senator from -Massa-
chusetts can derive'the right of voting from
this ancient second section of 'the fourth arti-
cle upon the ground that the citizens'of each
State are entitled to all tho privileges and im-
munities of citizens of the several States,'they
must give up the argument; and I aiserfc here
with confidence that no such construction was
ever given to the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution':
Nobody ever supposed that the fight of vot-
ing or of holding office was guarantied by that
second section of the fourth article of the old
Constitution. The commentators upon the
Constitution apply it simply to the right of
purchasing, owning, holding, and enjoying
property by the citizen of one State, lying ana
being situate in another State, of receiving
property by descent, &c.; relating to those
personal rights and privileges connected with
property which it was intended by the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution to make
common and uniform among the citizens of
the United States; but never applying it to
political rights of any description, either of
voting or of holding office.
Now, sir, the first section of the fourteenth
article, in the first place, makes the declaration
that—
"All persons born or naturalized in tho United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of theUnited States and of the State wherein
they reside."
That had not previously been enacted. - Then
follows the inhibitory clause, which was deemed
so important by the committee, that—
"No State shall make or enforco any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
The immediate object of this was to prohibit
for the future all hostile legislation on the part
of the recently rebel States in reference to the
colored citizens of the United States who had
become emancipated, and who finally were
declared to be citizens by the civil rights bill
passed by Congress. It was to secure them
against any infringement or violation of their
rights by those southern Legislatures, That
is the whole history of it.
Mr. Cragin obtained the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate must meet very
soon again, and can then come to a vote oa all
these different propositions and give them the
attention they deserve. I therefore move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have only a few words to
say; they will not occupy five minutes, and I
prefer to say what I have to say now.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senate had bet-
ter adjourn. It is now nearly eight o'clock in
the morning, and we had better go home for a
short time.
Mr. STEWART. That will compel us to
have a night session again in order to dispose
of this subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 3"; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Fowler, Hend-
ricks, MeCreery, Norton, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sum-
ner, Vickers, and Yates—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Drake,Ferry. 1 relinghuy-
sen, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Mc-
Donald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of V er-
mont, Nye, Osborn. Patterson of .New Hampshire,
Rice, Robertson, Boss, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart,
Thayer. Trumbull, Van Winkle. Warto, Warner,
"Welch, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—87.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Conkling, Conner,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds.Fessenden.fcri lines.
Henderson, Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pome-
roy. Pool, Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, and Whyte—18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I did not
think that I could possibly be tempted to say
anythingin reference to the question nowunder
consideration; but the position taken by the
Senator from Vermont greatly surprises me.
Whan I remember the struggle that we had
