1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOB®.
1005
Mr. WILSON. I referred simply to the fact
that I had been a witness of the struggle for
fourteen years in the Senate. It was here be-
fore I eame. I only referred to my term here.
Mr. YATES. I remember well, when I was
serving my fourth terra in the Legislature- of
«iy State, taking up an article and reading that
a gang of slaves, manacled together, women
two and two, and men two and two, with heavy
manacles, were being sent from the slave-pen
in Washington to be Sold in the New Orleans
market; and I remember that it was stated
that one brawny negro, as he passed the Capi-
tol of the United States, raised his manacled
arm and shouted in delirium, " Hail Colum-
bia, happy land!" That day I introduced a
resolution into the house of representatives
■ of Illinois instructing her Senators and re-
questing her Representatives in the Congress
of the United States to vote for the passage of
a Jaw for the abolition of the slave traffic in
the District of Columbia ; and from that day
to this, if there has been anything for which I
have had an ardent desire and for which I
knew there would be abundant success, it was
to advocate the cause of this poor, unfortunate
race of God's down-trodden poor. Then, sir,
I waged eternal war against the black laws of
my State—laws that disfigured, that darkened,
that blackened the pages of humanity and of
human history; From that time I was for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; sustained by four associates in the Legis-
lature of my State.' I was for the repeal of
that enormous iniquity which now stands out
in bold relief and sends a shudder through the
world in contemplation of the fact that this
was a free republican Government. I allude
to the fugitive slave law.
I may say that ever since 1838, when the
blood of Elijah Lovejoy besprinkled the soil
of my own beautiful State of Illinois, I swore,
as Owen Lovejoy swore over the dead body of
his brother, that I would fight, and fight on and
fight, ever until this cursed enormity, this curse
of human bondage should be blotted from this
country forever. 1 have maintained my faith;
and here to-day if the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] shall pass, I say
hail, all hail, glorious day! If this bill shall
pass to-day by my vote, and it shall be adopted
by the people of the United States, I shall have
accomplished the mission for which I have con-
tinued in political life. As the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] with a great
deal of feeling, eloquence, and beauty, said this
morning, with a feeling that touched every heart
as it did his own to his great credit, " God will
bless those who take care of His lowly and His
poor."
What has been the course of the Democratic
party ? I do not wish to say hard things, for
JMike every Democratic Senator on the other
side of the House personally; but it has been
the proud mission of the Democratic party—oh,
glorious mission ! oh, proud record!—for the
last twenty years to degrade, to gink down, to
erush, to override this poor unfortunate race.
It was opposed to their emancipation; it cannot
be denied Democrats, for good motives, I have
no doubt in most instances, opposed their
emancipation. To oppose the elevation of the
black race seems to have been their mission.
In future history they will be recorded as the
enemies of this poor down-stricken race. That
is their record. They cannot disabuse them-
selves of that record. History has settled it
upon them. Look at their record: opposi-
tion to the acts necessary to the abolition of
the slave traffic and the emancipation of slaves
in the District of Columbia; opposition to the
repeal of the slave law, advocacy of the Crit-
tenden amendment, of all the compromise
measures, aiding the rebels in the war, per-
haps not by design, but by inaction, by sym-
pathy, by speeches in Congress alleging that
we had not the power to do this and do that,
opposing every measure for a vigorous prose-
cution of the war. There you stand; there is
your record ; such is the proud record of the
Democratic, party and now professing to act in
the name of- liberty. You are the enemy and
oppressor of the poor, opposed to freedom in
a free government, opposed to enfranchisement
now in a land where all men twenty-one years
of age who are free are citizens and entitled
to vote, one man being erttitled to the franchise
just as much as another whethet he be black
or white, unless you make eolor a ground of dis-
tinction.
On the Other hand, look at the bright rfeccrrd
of the Republican party. It has stood by the
country in its dark hours of trial; it has raised
And equipped armies to put down the rebellion;
it has carried on successfully and -without dis-
turbance of the prosperity and interests of the
people in the loyal States the most gigantic war
known in the history of the world ; and it is
due to the valor of its followers, to their im-
perishable prowess, to Grant and SI ermanand
Parragut and Sheridan and the brave boys in
blue everywhere, that our proud flag waves in
harmony over the land and over the sea, and
the rebellion is crushed out.
Mr. President, I do not deny that I stated
in one x>f my messages that to members of the
Democratic party we were as much indebted
for assistanceas to the Republican party. Dem-
ocrats in the State of Illinois came to their
country's cause with as much loyalty as Re-
publicans after the war was begun, except the
leaders who established a rebel camp in the
capital of the State, having a large majority in
that locality, while I happend to be Governor
in a minority. They established a rebel camp
there, and it is one of the proudest and sweet-
est recollections of my life that I dissolved that
camp and sent them home.
I will say further that Democrats constituted
nearly one half of the force Illinois sent to
the field, two hundred and sixty thousand men;
but most of those Democrats on coring back,
having seen southern institutions, oecoming
acquainted with southern masters and the
system of slavery, enrolled themselves in the
Republican ranks, and hence the triumphant
majority that we now have in the State of Illi-
nois • -a majority so great that in the last cam-
paign when questions were put as to how this
State would go and how that State would go,
Illinois was set down with the certain list.
When the word came to us, " Watchman, what
of the night?" the response from Illinois was
"All well," in the vindication of the great
truths and principles of republicanism.
Mr. President, I glory in this record. There
is no sweeter music since the morning stars
sang together gnd the sons of God shouted for
joy; there is no sublimer spectacle since the
angel appeared to the shepherds as they
watched their flocks by night and the glory of
the Lord shone around them and the multitudes
of the heavenly host sent forth their proclama-
tion, "On earth peace, good will toward men!"
There is no brighter record than the sufferings,
triumphs, and achievements of the Republican
party. We have triumphed over opposition,
over the Democratic party, over the rebels,
over the prejudice of caste in favor of God's
humanity and human liberty, universal, eter-
nal, undying human liberty based on the prin-
ciples of God's immutable justice. There is
no sweeter music than that to me as an ardent,
devoted Republican citizen and Senator.
Mr. President, 1 leave this question. If I
had time, if I had health and strength, I should
desire, if this debate were continued, to give
my views at length upon this question. I do
not wish to come in conflict with my distin-
guished friend from Massachusetts, but so far
as the word citizen is concerned, so far as the
intention of the Legislature was concerned,
(and that is one rule of determining the mean-
ing of a statute or an enactment,) my colleague
and other distinguished men on both sides of
the House took the position that to be a citizen
did not confer political rights ; and so far as
the intention of the Congress at the time was
concerned, I must in truth say that it was de-
cided against us. It was held, so far as that
section jn the article was concerned, that l)y
virtue of being a citizen a man could not claim
therefore to be entitled to suffrage. With these
views I leave the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi.-,..*
dent, when this debate was Started a week ago
I looked forward at the early manifestations for
prolonged debate with great dread, but I had
no conception that it was' to last th& length of
titte. I have felt that any earnest man ia ftvor
of any amendment whatever would best serve
his country by silence; and now, sir, when
therft are no attractions in the galleries, and
when certainly there is no meihber present, I
am sure, who is desirous of hearing further
debate, and when our reporters are nearly
exhausted 
Several Senators. We ire ourselves.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe we
dan succeed in reaching a vote if our own
friends will consent to believe that they will
seme time or other have an opportunity to be
eloquent in the Senate of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri. [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have been somewhat
surprised at the debate for the last two or three
hours—more surprised than refreshed. There
has been a discussion for three hours as to
whether already the negro is clothed with suf-
frage, when the majority is about to pass an
amendment to the Constitution which will sot-
tie the question. Now, I am not going to dis-
cuss that question. I hope its discussion has
come to a close, and that we can come to a
vote upon this amendment and get through.
I have just a word or two to say in reply to the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Yates.] I do not
propose to take up much of the time of the
Senate.
He has repeated what I regard as a slander-
ous attack of my colleague on the Democratic
party. I refrained from making any reply to
that last night, because I did not desire to see
anything like a political discussion grow up. I
am sure the minority has said nothing in the
course of this debate that was calculated to
invite any attack of that sort; but if geutiemen
are able to make considerable out of their own
records by a comparison, it is cheap capital,
and I am not offended at it. I am pcrieetly
willing they shall do it.
I am not going back to defend the Demo-
cratic party and its record. It is a great record.
It is connected with some of the most import-
ant events of this country, covering the greaS
part of its history. This I can say, whenever
the Constitution of the United States required
a duty of that party it was performed. While
upon the Constitution, it was the duty of the
Democratic party, as I think it was the duty
of every manofthe country, todefend the South
in their constitutional rights, that duty Was
discharged. I think it is no cause of reproach
now and never will be before a just and fair-
minded community. I am not going to argue
the question with the Senator from Illinois
and my colleague whether the Democratic party
was true or false during the war. It is not a
subject for argument. That Senator knows
as well as any Senator that Democrats in
every single neighborhood of his State, not
missing any two square miles, rallied at the
call that he repeated as did the Republicans.
I know that was so all over Indiana.
Mr. YATES. I said so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was so all over In-
diana, everywhere. To-day there is one half,
if not a clear majority, of the returned soldiers
in Indiana who vote with the Democratic party,
and they do it upon the ground that they were
deceived by the political policy of the Repub-
licans ; that you gave a solemn pledge to them
when they went into the war that it should be
prosecuted for the purpose of rest :-ing the
Union, and after the war was over they be-
lieved that you did not keep that pledge. I
want to say to the Senator from Illinois and to
my colleague, when they boast of the efficient
aid that the Republican party gave to the war,
I deny it. As a party-it was a hurt, an evil,
and a curse in the prosecution of the war.
