1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
Mr. CLAIIKE, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman if he understands that those
who propose the five hundred feet span pro-
pose also to except the bridge at Louisville
from the operation of that restriction ?
Mr. DELANO. I do.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill makes the excep-
tion.
Mr. DELANO. Allow me to call my col-
league's attention to the fact that the bill in its
present form orders a scientific commission
first to determine what span ought to be adopted
hereafter. It then proposes to suspend all
structures across the river until the commis-
sion shall report. It then authorizes the com-
mission to examine and see whether the bridge
at Steubenville is or is not an obstruction, and
then, to accomplish the indirect and insidious
purpose of these parties, it makes an excep-
tion in the case of the Louisville bridge and
allows that to be completed. That is what
the bill is, and what it means.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I can only say I
do not concur in that exception by any means.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the point.
Mr. DELANO. Let mc read one of the
provisions of the bill. It provides " that the
provisions of this bill shall not be applicable
to the bridge now in process of construction at
Louisville, which bridge shall not be less than
four hundred feet span in the clear across the
channel." It is manifestly an insidious effort
to secure the building of a bridge at Louisville
of four hundred feet span, and hereafter to
inhibit forever the building of bridges of a like
span across the river at any other point. You
may go up the stream, where it would seem
natural that the span might be shorter, and
there, if you can get a proper report, such as is
contemplated here, you may make a five hun-
dred feet span ; but near the mouth of the river,
in the mean time, we will allow a structure with
a four hundred feet span for the benefit of cer-
tain corporations or interests. That is the
question, and its barefacedness ought to sub-
ject it to a proper disposition, and that, I
think, is the one suggested by my colleague,
[Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. KERR. I desire to say, in reply to what
has fallen from my friend from Ohio in refer-
ence to the confinement of this bill to the Ohio
river, that it will be remembered by the House
that while the bill excepts from its operation
the Louisville bridge,italso and equally excepts
all the bridges that are in process of erection
on all of the western rivers, so that the Louis-
ville bridge is not the only exception. It is
only one of the exceptions. The bill applies
to nml embraces all the other enterprises of
like character throughout the entire country,
except, on the Ohio river. For this additional
reason, I submit, it. is unfair ; it is not national
in its character ; it is not such a bill as ought
to pass.
Mr. GARY. Mr. Speaker, I cannot see any
invidiousness in this bill in reference to the
Louisville bridge that is exempted, when it is
understood that the channel at that place is
not and never can be over four hundred feet
wide. We have a canal around the falls which
was built to aid the commerce of that river in
passing up and down.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague allow
an inquiry?
Mr. GARY. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does my colleague wish
to be understood as making the statement to
this House that at the highest water there is
no more than four hundred feet of navigable
channel at the point where this bridge is located
at Louisville?
Mr. CARY. I mean to be understood as
saying that when they pass the falls at Louis-
ville there is but four hundred feet at any tide
between the rocks where it is safe to pass.
Mr. BINGHAM. My question is whether
the gentleman means to state to the House that
at no stage of water is there a navigable chan-
nel at the point occupied by the bridge at Louis-
ville wider than four hundred feet?
Mr. GARY. I mean to state that unless tlie
whole country round is covered with water that
is the fact. _ If it is ever over four hundred feet
in width it is an exception, and that exceptioa
is when the whole country round is under water.
So that this attempt on the part of my colleague
to create an impression in this House that this
is for the benefit of Indiana or Kentucky, or
both combined, and against the State of Ohio,
is not borne out by the facts. I wish members
of the House to understand the facts. And so far
as the Steubenville bridge is concerned, it has
cost already in damages and in. obstructions
to commerce more than the interest on the
cost of building it.
Mr. DELANO. Will my colleague allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. Caiiy made a gesture of assent.
Mr. DELANO. 1 understand—I do not
assert the fact, because I have no positive
knowledge—but I understand that there is a
pier within the span of four hundred feet at
the Louisville bridge.
Mr. CARY. 1 understand that that, is not
the fact. If you were to require that there
should be a span one thousand feet at Louis-
ville, it would not increase the width of the river
for purposes of navigation over four hundred
feet. That is what 1 mean to be understood us
saying: that four hundred feet is all that- can
be used for navigation. And so far as Ohio is
concerned, I say in behalf of my constituents
and of my colleague's constituents, who aro
interested in bridges on the upper Ohio, that
we are as much interested in the navigation
at Louisville being unobstructed as we are in
the upper Ohio being unobstructed, and more
interested. It is not, then, for any such reason
that we are in favor of making this exception.
But, Mr. Speaker, why uTer this bill? Will
the Committee on Roads and Canals be any
better posted than we are now? This bill of
the Senate proposes to refer the matter to a
commission to determine how wide the bridges
should be made upon the Ohio liver so as not
seriously to obstruct navigation. The gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Fillet,rs] says that
the Baltimore and Ohio R-ailrojid company have
already spent ^£>00,000 m building the bridge
at Belair, and 1 understand that they have a
large force of hands employed to continue that
work, in order, if possible, to render it neces-
sary for Congress to yield to their demands.
Mr. PHELPS. They are building two
bridges.
Mr. CARY. And another one is to be built
at Cincinnati. And the Board of Trade of Cin-
cinnati, and all the insurance companies and
all persons interested in the navigation of that
river, unless connected with railroads, say that
those bridges are and will be an obstruction.
Suppose they have spent $500,000. 1 say that
if it is necessary we should pay them that
$300,000 to remove the obstruction, it will be
better for us to do it than to wait until there are j
four or five bridges constructed over the river
which it will be necessary for the General Gov- !
ernmeuttorcmov. because they are obstructions
to the navigation of the river. Let us refer the
matter to a commission, as this bill proposes.
It does not say a word about a five hundred
feet span, hut it provides that the question shall
be refeired to a competent corps of engineers
to determine how wide the bridges ought to be
over that river so as not to obstruct commerce.
Shall we have any more light on that subject j
until the commission are appointed and report? |
Can the Committee on Roads and Canals tell ;
us anything ? 1
This measure was before Congress and was |
fully discussed at the last session. _ We cannot J
have any more light upon the subject than we j
have now without the appointment of a com- j
mission? Let us suspend^ the work on the I
bridges over that river. Yv by, the commerce j
on that river is worth five limes more tliau all
the railroads that ever proposed to cross it.
We know that at the bridge alrerdy con-
structed, that splendid structure, the Steuben-
ville bridge, boats are compelled to lie up there
over night, and that they cannot get through
withoutdanger to theproperty. One man who
ships coal from Pittsburg to Cincinnati testi-
fies, and his testimony is on record, that the
obstruction of the navigation of the river by
that single bridge has cost him §10.000 a year
in getting his coal to market. When the Ohio
river is high, and the coal is going down the
river, there is a strong current, and you have
piers within three hundred feet of each other,
and it creates such a current around the piers
that it is impossible to get through with the
barges until the river falls; and when the
river falls so that they can get through they
are in danger of running upon sand bars upon
one side or the other.
They now avail themselves of the time when
the water is high, in order to get down barges
of coal, iron, salt, and other articles that are
sent down the river. But when the river is
high these bridges constitute such an obstruc-
tion that the barges are compelled to tie up.
And then the additional expense for insurance
that is charged upon commerce on account of
the bridge at Steubenville is more than the
interest upon the cost of its construction. I
am not opposed to railroads, for we are all
interested in them. But let us keep the great
channels of commerce God has given us open
for the whole people ; and that cannot be done
with these narrow-span bridges. One reason
why gentlemen are disposed to impress upon
this House the fact that there is some discrim-
ination in favor of the Louisville bridge is, I
infer, that they want to refer this bill to a com-
mittee, so that those interested in the construc-
tion of these bridges can go on night, and day
iu their construction, until they render all ac-
tion on the part of Congress nugatory and void;
or else involve the nation iu the expense ot
removing those obstructions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. MOORI1EAI). Will the gentleman
withdraw the call for the previous question for
a few minutes?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly, I will with-
draw that motion, and yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. MOOlUiKAD. As I understand it, the
first question will be upon the amendment, to
the motion to refer. 1 move to amend the
amendment, by striking out the words •'Com-
mittee on Commerce,'1 and inserting the words
"Committee on the Post, Oiiico and Post
Roads.'' 1 do not see why the. Committee ot:
the Post Office and Post Roads should be over-
slaughed. But I want to nay to those members
of this llousc who are with me upon this sub-
ject that I shall vote against any reference of
this bill, and hope that it will pas* as it now
stands. Still, if it is to be referred. 1 do not
sec why the Committee on the Pont Office and
Post R,oads should be ov erslaughed in the mat-
ter of reference. The bill, as it passed the
House, originated in that committee. It went
to the Senate, and was referred by that body
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Poads. And I now hold in my hand tiie re-
port, upon that, subject of the chairman of the
Senate Committee on Post, Offices and Post
Roads, betng Senate Document No; 108. it
was referred to that committee in this House;
it was referred to that committee in the Sen-
ate; and I think it is the, proper committee to
whom the a ibject should be refeired now, if it
is to be referreil at a,ll, in order that they may
see that the mails aro carried actoss the stream.
I do not see why that committee should be
overslaughed, particuiaily whtn it, is proposed
to refer this bill to a committee that, meets
scarcely once a year: that is, the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Unfortunately the manner in which the busi-
ness of this House has been conducted has
been such as to throw all the business into the
hands of but feiv committees, while the work
devolved upon the other committees has been
merely nominal. The Committee on Roads
and Canals is heard from hardly once in a ses-
sion ; it is seldom mentioned, unless some
member wishes to consign some measure to
the " tomb of the Capulets," when be moves
