1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
bursing officers," I would respectfully refer to the
BuggevStioBS contained in my last annual report to
Congress, to bo found under the head of "Banks in
Voluntary Liquidation," on page 21 of said report.
So fur as interest upon the bonds held by the De-
partment to secure the circulating notes of banks in
liquidation is concerned, I think a law compelling
banks in that condition to deposit lawful money for
their circulation and take up their United States
bonds within ninety days trom publicnotice given of
going into liquidation would prove a sufficient rem-
edy. I think I have already made it clear that no
bank has ever been made a depository of Govern-
ment moneysorof United States disbursing officers
after it bad become insolvent or gone into liquidation.
I am quite sure such is the fact, but the Treasurer of
the United States will be able to give you positive
information upon that point,
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
H. R. HtJLBURD,
Comptroller.
Hon. Samuel J. Randall,
House of Representatives, Washington, D. (7.
Treasury or the United States.
Washington, January 27, 1869.
Sir: Your letter of the 25th instant has been re-
ceived. The resolution of the House of Represent-
atives. passed December 18,1868, is herewith returned
you as you requested, I answer it and your letter
that the National Bank of the Metropolis of Wash-
ington was designated as a depository of public
money and a financial agent of the Government as
early as October 12,1864. There never has been any
other designation of this bank for any purpose what-
ever. Frotn the day of its designation until the 11th
of September, 1866—being nearly two years—it had
promptly responded to all requirements and had paid
all oiders and drafts for money made upon it by this
office. On the day last named it failed to comply
with my order to deposit $25,000 in the Treasury of
the United States. Previous to this time this bank
was employed by and did a heavy collecting business
for the Treasury in the States then lately in insur-
icction against the Government of the United States,
and in consequence thereof received and at times
held large sums belonging to the Treasury of the
United States. _ It held still larger sums of money to
the credit of disbursing officers of the Government.
The Merchants' National Bank of Washington
failed early in May,1866. This created a panic. The
Secretary of War and other officers immediately
thereupon ordered all disbursing officers to withdraw
their balances frotn all banks, and to place them in
the Treasury. At this time the National Bank of
the Metropolis held public moneys as follows:
To the credit of disbursing officers  $928,499 99
To^ the credit of the Treasurer ot the
United States  757,158 01
Total amount of public money in the
bank $1,685,658 30
Every dollar of these large amounts has since been
paid. I have never received any official notice that
the bank was in liquidation. The Attorney has ail
along insisted that it had an office in the city for the
trnn«action of banking business. But the fact that
it did not respond to my order to deposit $25,000 in
the Treasury in September, 1866, was proof sufficient
to satisfy me that the bank deserved to be woundup;
vet, for want of legal authority, I was powerless to
bring about that result.
The bank was placed in the hands of an attorney,
and it was claimed that the interest of the Govern-
ment would thus bo better protected than it would
be bytlicappointmentof arecoiver. That the whole
nominal amount of its indebtedness to the United
States has since been paid into the Treasury is pretty
strong evidence of the correctness of the course that
was pursued in order to secure the payment of this
large sum of money. The semi-annual duty levied
upon the bank in lieu of taxes has been regularly
paid. Fur the half year ending with 30th Junel;ist
it paid into the Treasury on this account $959 05.
There was a duty due on the 1st instant that will
probably amount to about a like sum. This will be
retained from the interest that falls due on the 1st of
March nest on a part of $202,000 of United States
efcooKs still in my hands to secure the redemption of
&1SO.OOO of its outstanding circulating note3.
On application I have declined to surrender these
stocks, and have stated that should atenderbe made
of lawful money for the whole amount of outstand-
ing circulation I would refuse to accept it and de-
liver the stocks to the bank, because I have made a
claim upon the bank for interest that accrued on the
average balance due from the bank to the Govern-
ment from the day that it failed to comply with my
order to deposit the $25,000 in the Treasury until the
day on which the whole balance was finally paid,
which, at six per cent., amounts to $72,590 39.
My statement of this claim and the answer of the
bank thereto have been referred by the Secretary
of the Treasury to the Attorney General. As yet
that officer has not given his opinion in the case.
Very respectfully, yours,
F. E. SPINNER,
Treasurer of the United States.
Hon. Samuel J. Randall,
House of Representatives, Washington, D. C.
WELLS, FARGO AND COMPANY.
Mr. EL A. I move to reconsider the order
for printing the evidence taken in the investi-
gation of the contract with Wells, Fargo & Co.
The cost will be some sixteen hundred dollars,
and inasmuch as all the material facts have been
made known in the public press, and as the
committee have come to no conclusion in the
matter, I think it unnecessary to print the
evidence.
The SPEAKER. The motion willbe entered
on the Journal.
PURCHASE OF ALASKA.
Mr. ELA. I make the same motion in
regard to the evidence taken in the Alaska mat-
ter. The cost of printing will be $3,000, and
as it has gone abroad pretty fully through the
Associated Press, I deem it unnecessary to
print it.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I think in
this investigation there has been a great deal
of smoke and very little fire. Now, I want the
order to be executed to show how utterly
absurd this whole proceeding has been.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule (page 162
of the Digest) it is in order at any time, even
when a member is on the floor, to move to
reconsider a vote and have it entered ; but it
cannot be taken up and considered while any
question is before the House. This order to
print was made on Saturday, and it is in order
to make the motion to-day (Monday) to recon-
sider it.
Mr. BROOMALL. It is only the order to
print the evidence that is moved to be recon-
sidered.
The SPEAKER. That is all. The motion
will be entered.
APPOINTMENT 01? MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr.NBWSIIAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for present action a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 472) providing for the filling
of vacancies in the Naval Academy from the
State of Louisiana.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Navy to appoint to present existing vacan-
cies 011 or before the 1st of July, 1869, mid-
shipmen t,o the United .States Naval Academy
from the State of Louisiana, on the nomination
thereof by the members from Louisiana in the
present Congress.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know whether to
object or not,.
Mr. GARFIELD. It only allows the mem-
bers of Congress from Louisiana to fill the
vacancies now existing.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. NEWSHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Th latter motion was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to proceed to the consideration
of the miscellaneous appropriation bill, and
pending that motion I move that all debate be
closed on thepending paragraph in oneminute.
The question being put on the latter motion,
there were—ayes 66, noes 26; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Spaldt.no
and Randall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 95, noes 24.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to take up from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill to strengthen
the public credit, for the purpose of non-con-
curring in the same and asking for a committee
of conference. The amendments may or may
not be modified upon farther consideration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then, be it understood
that upon the objection of the gentleman from
Massachusetts we cannot get at that bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Be it
understood that you cannot get at that swind-
ling brokers' bill because of the objection of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Spalding that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole, there were—
ayes 69, noes 29 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schesck,
and Mr. Bdtler of Massachusetts were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 88, noes 26.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No; 2007) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870. and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
was in session before the recess the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] had offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Page 9, after line two hundred and eleven, insert:
For reimbursing the State of Iowa for expenses
incurred and payments made during the rebellion, as
examined, audited and found due the State by Gen-
eral Robert 0. Buchanan's commission, under the
act of Congress, approved July 25, 1866, $229,848:
Provided, That an amount be appropriated from the
Treasury to pay the war claims of the rebellion from
all the States which have been reported upon favor-
ably by commissions appointed by Congress.
The genileman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke]
moved to amend the amendment by adding
thereto the following:
To reimburse the State of Kansas for the services
and supply of the militia called out by the Governor
of Iiansasuuon therequisitionofMiijorGencr.il Curtis
to repel the invasion of General Price. $259,000.
The question is on the amendment to the
amendment; and all debate is closed by order
of the House in one minute.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I was stating to
the House when arrested by the recess that
this claim of the State of Kansas stands on
precisely the same footing as the claim of the
State of Iowa. I have no opposition to make
to the claim of the State of Iowa, because I
believe, notwithstanding the principle of econ-
omy which prevails here, that the Government
of the United States can always afford to pay
its honest debts. But, sir, by the action of the
House, as stated by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood,] this claim of the State of
Iowa was sent to the Committee on Military
Affairs with definite instructions to that com-
mittee to report, not the claim of the State of
Iowa separately for the consideration of the
House, but to report the just claims of all the
States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa: and being
put, there were—ayes 35, noes 53 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison, and
Mr. Jones of Kentucky, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line two hun-
dred and thirty-one:
For geological surveys of the Territories of Colo-
rado and New Mexico, $10,000; to be prosecuted
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting after the words
" New Mexico " the words " and that part of
the State of Kansas west of the one hundredth
meridian of longitude."
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will hear
me a moment I think he will be satisfied with
the amendment and letit stand on it own basis.
By reading the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office gentlemen will sea
the necessity for this appropriation for the
