1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1759
development of these Territories. Nothing
tends so much to promote the development of
the Territories as these geological surveys. No
estimate was made for surveys of these two
Territories for some reason that I do not know,
and therefore the Committee on Appropriations
did not report this item. I understand, how-
ever, from those members of that committee
with whom I have spoken on the subject that
they think this appropriation ought to be made.
We make large appropriations for the coast
survey and for Army surveys, and no surveys
which can be made are more valuable to the
country than these geological surveys of the
Territories. I hope the amendment will be
adopted without any additions to it.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The amendment
which I have proposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] does
not in any way interfere with the purpose
which he proposes to accomplish by his amend-
ment.
I agree with him that there exists a great
necessity for a geological survey and explora-
tion of the Territories of Colorado and New
Mexico. But there is an equal necessity for
the geological survey and exploration of that
most interesting section of country comprised
between the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude and the eastern borders of the Territory
of Colorado. It is not a great many years
since that most interesting portion of the Amer-
ican continent was laid down on the maps as
"the great American desert."
Yet this country has been entered by miners
and others, the railroad has been extended into
the very heart of that "desert," and explora-
tions have developed the fact that that portion
of the American continent promises to become
most valuable and interesting. Indeed, during
the last year this portion of our country has
been visited by some of our most distinguished
scientific men, and discoveries have been made
in the extent and character of our national
resources which promise the most interesting
results to our national prosperity in the future.
At this moment it is comparatively an unde-
veloped, and but for the railroad which pene-
trates it I might say an almost undiscovered
country, over which roam vast numbers of buf-
faloes, elk, antelopes, and other wild animals.
In that unexplored region there are vast de-
posits of salt, iron, lead, copper, tin, and other
minerals.
Now, if $10,000 are expended in the geolog-
ical survey of the country immediately adjoin-
ing, I do not think the purpose indicated by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] would be
in any way affected injuriously by allowing this
geological surveying party to go over the west-
ern borders of Kansas and inform the country
of the resources there.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion right here?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. My suggestion is that geo-
logical surveys of the States are made by the
States themselves. The Government of the
United Stales never appropriates money for
the geological survey of a State, or of any part
of a State. The Government of the United
States makes appropriations for surveys of
Territories only.
_ Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I have noticed
since I have been in Congress that the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and the Con-
gress of the United States especially, occasion-
ally does a new thing. And I think there is
no_ more proper thing to do, nothing that would
bring a better return for the amount expended
than to let this scientific commission which the
gentleman proposes to organize for the explor-
ation of the Territories of Colorado and New
Mexico—than to let that commission go over
into this interesting portion of Kansas, west
of the one hundredth meridian of longitude,
and give us the result of their scientific explor-
ation of that region. As I said before, this
would in no way defeat the purpose indicated
by the gentleman from Illinois. And inasmuch
as it will not defeat the object he has in view,
I hope he will not object to the slight amend-
ment I have moved.
Mr._ LOGAN. I certainly would interpose
no objection to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] but for the
fact that every State in the Union to-day that
desires a geological survey has it done by ap-
propriations made by their own Legislatures.
This certainly would be a new kind of legisla-
tion, and therefore I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. RAUM. I think that members may
well examine and consider the proposition of
my colleague from the State at large [Mr.
Logan] before they agree to adopt it, and you
must bear in mind that if you commence this
work you will probably have to appropriate
$500,000 in time to perfect these surveys. Ten
thousand dollars will not amount to much in a
geological survey.
Mr. LOGAN. A moment for explanation
which will probably satisfy the gentleman.
These surveys in the other Territories have
been going on for fifteen years. In Kansas and
Nebraska and in many of the Territories there
have been surveys, and it is usual to appropri-
ate $5,000 for the survey of a Territory. It is
supposed that this will be sufficient, to make
such a survey as will indicate the general geo-
logical characteristics of the Territory. It is
all that has been asked heretofore and it is all
that is asked now. I say that after $5,000
have been expended in this way in a Territory
during its territorial condition, it should when
it becomes a State be permitted to take care of
such matters for itself.
Mr. RAUM. Let me say that for the pur-
poses of a geological survey the sum of $5,000
scarcely amounts to anything. It might be
sufficient for the making of a cursory geolog-
ical examination and a slight report on the
geological characteristics of the Territory, but
a regular geological survey of one of these
Territories would cost at least $250,000.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him. If he will read the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
he will find there a full account of the mineral
resources, &c., of Nebraska, which was sur-
veyed by Professor Hayden, only $5,000 having
been appropriated for that work. This is all
that has ever been asked and all that is asked
now.
Mr. RAUM. I suggest, then, that the gen-
tleman add to his amendment the words " and
no more."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Logan.
Mr. CAVANAU'GH. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "$10,000" and
inserting "$15,000," and by inserting after
the words "New Mexico" the word "Mon-
tana;" so as to make an additional appropri-
ation of $5,000 for a geological survey of the
Territory of Montana.
Mr. Chairman, I desire in a few words to
call the attention of this committee to the claims
of Montana to an appropriation for this pur-
pose. Thegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
says that according to the policy heretofore
adopted each of the Territories is entitled to
an appropriation of $5,000 for a geological
survey. Now, if there be any Territory where
such an expenditure should be made it is the
Territory of Montana. I beg leave to refer the
gentleman from Illinois and other members
of this House to the figures exhibited by our
official reports in regard to the mineral re-
sources of that Territory. I affirm that Mon-
tana has within the last five years contributed
more gold and silver, five times over, to the
wealth of the nation than has been contributed
by the Territories of Colorado and New Mex-
ico combined. In proof of this I refer to the
report of J. Ross Browne, made last year.
Such being the mineral wealth of Montana I
cannot see why she is not entitled to an appro-
priation of at least $5,000 for a geological
survey.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have had this subject
before them; and while they approve very
highly of the efforts of Professor Hayden m
his geological explorations, they think that.per-
haps at this time the Government had better
keep the money in the Treasury to meet the
interest upon its debt than pay it out to con-
tinue what we have been doing heretofore in
the way of exploring the mineral resources of
those Territories. They thought also that if
they should commence with these two Terri-
tories of Colorado and New Mexico the others
would of course ask, as they are asking, that
similar appropriations shall be made for them.
I have no particular objection to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, if it can be
limited to the two Territories which he names;
but I think we ought not to go any further.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. Cavanaugh's amendment to theamend-
ment was not agreed to.
Onagreeing to the amendmentof Mr. Looan
there were—ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. LOGAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army serv-
ing on light-house duty, thepaytneot of which is not
made or prov.ded for by the quartermaster's depart-
ment, $10,000.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph just read the following:
For a light-house on Half-way Itock, Casco bay,
Maine, $50,000.
I wish to say that this is one of the most
important points on the Atlantic coast. This
appropriation was made by the Senate at its
last session and was reported in the estimates
for the present session. I understand the
amendment is assented to by the Committee
on Appropriations. I suppose it was omitted
through inadvertence.
Mr. SPALDING. It was an oversight, and
the amendment ought to be adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For range lights to mark the channel into Presque
Isie harbor, Lake Huron, $7,500.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move the following
amendment:
For building light-house on Spectacle reef. Lake
Huron, $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the attention of the
gentlemen interested in the commerce of the
lakes to a consideration of this amendment.
They are aware that the commerce between
Lake Huron and Lake Michigan has to pass
through the Straits of Mackinaw. Where that
narrows lies this Spectacle reef, which is more
dreaded by the navigators of those lakes than
any other unmarked point. The construction
of this light-house is not merely a question of
the preservation of property, but a question of
the safety of life. These lakes in May and
June and October and November, when the
commerce on them is the greatest, are swept
with continuous storms, and it is necessary
that this country, which depends so much for
its prosperity upon these navigators, shoufU
make ample provision for their safety. I will
ask the Clerk to read an extract from a report
on the Light-House Board.
The Cierk read as follows:
"Spectacle reef is a very dangerous shoal in Lake
Huron, ten miles to the eastward ofBois Blanc light-
bouse. It is in the way of all vessels beaming through
Lake Huron, and is probably moredreaded by navi-
gators than any otbei danger now unmarked through-
out the entire chain of lakes, and a light-house there
would be scarcc ty second in importance to Waugo-
shance. The board has recently authorized placing
a buoy of the first-class upon it. But this, of course,
is of use only in the daytime. The reef is composed
of boulders and is exposed to the whole sweep of
Lake Huron ; therefore the construction of a light-
house upon itwould be both difficult and expensive.
It would cost probablynot less than SoOO.OOO to build
a proper structure. Large as this sum is the wreck
upon it last fall of two vessels at one time involved
a loss greater than required to mark the danger, and
it is not unlikely that the aggregate of all the losses
whioh have occurred here would "build several such
