1008
.USB G€)^G-KESSI0'KAL GLOBE.
Febraary8,
tod willing, nay; were anxious to go with us,
but the pressure from the other end of the Cap-
itol and from the outside was too great for them
to withstand it and they swung in with the ma-
jority. We had no alternative but to leave
them and we did leave them. Thus far I think
I have vindicated, if I have been true in the
statement of facts, my coarse in response to-the
suggestion of the Senator from Illinois when
he asked me if I was not elected as a, Repub-
lican.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment-of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that it be read again.
The Secretary read as follows:
No citizen of the United States shall on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude, be by
the United States or by any State denied the right to
vote or to hold office.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. HOWARD. I now offer the amend-
ment to which I referred during the discussion
as a substitutet for the pending amendment.
It is as follows:
Citizens of the United States of African descent
snail have the same right to vote and hold office in
States and Territories as other citizens, electors of
the most numerous branch of their respective Legis-
latures.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is a possibility that
that amendment may be adopted—certainly in
some respects it is preferable to the one re-
ported by the committee — I should like to
amend it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A further
amendment is not in order. Ihis is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, If we are to have a con-
stitutional amendment now, I want to have it
as complete as possible, so that it shall provide
against any possible necessity of any amend-
ment hereafter. It will be observed that this
amendment of my friend from Michigan, like
the amendment of the committee, is confined
simply to the right to vote and hold office. It
seems to me that we ought to make a complete
work, and to provide for full equality of rights
in all respects. If there be any other partic-
ular under the head of right, we ought to secure
it to all persona, without distinction of color.
I propose, therefore, to add to the amendment
of my friend from Michigan these words:
And there shall bo no discrimination in rights on
account of raoo or color.
Of course the object of this is to broaden
the proposition, not merely to make it a guar-
antee of the right to vote and to hold office,
but a guarantee of equal rights universally.
Mr. DRAKE. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts what is the neces-
sity for that, in view of the language of the
first section of the fourteenth article of the
amendment to the Constitution, which sayss
, " Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without duo process of law, nor
deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws."
Mr. SUMNER. I should answer the Sena-
tor's question by putting him another. What
is the use of the constitutional amendment on
■which you are now to vote?
Mr. DRAKE. Just the very use that it
expresses on its face, to secure the right of
suffrage to these men whose personal and legal
rights we had guarantied in the previous
amendment, but had not guarantied to them
the right of suffrage.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I differ radically and en-
tirely from my friend, and I think there is just
the same necessity for the supplementary pro-
vision that I propose as there is for the pro-
vision which has hia support. If the clause to
which he calls attention is inadequate to pro-
tect persons in their rights of citizenship, in-
cluding the right to vote, it is inadequate to
protect them in anything ; the clause is so much
waste paper. Now are we in earnest ? Are
we disposed to close this question up so that
no petitions hereafter shall eome to US' asking
equal rights protected either by Congress or
by constitutional amendment? I say I want
to make complete work and finish it so that
hereafter there shall be no question. It is on
that account that I would make the additioti
to the proposition of my friend from Michigan .
The PRESIDENTfwo tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will
not agree to that amendment. It does not, as
it seems to me, stand on any principle. It
limits Constitutional privileges to persons of
African descent, selecting-one particular and
peculiar nationality. It does appear to me
that there is nothing republican in that. It
may do as an expedient for to-day. It may
be said that it covers all that to-day embar-
rasses people-in the United States, and we
ought to put into the Constitution, if we are
to put anything in, something which will be
broader than one race and be longer in its
duration and application than any limited
period of time. I do not wish to occupy time,
of course, but these are objections which to
me are perfectly insuperable to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. PERRY. I am in favor of the propo-
sition of the Senator from Michigan, because it
meets and remedies the one existing evil with
regard to which there is yet an omission in the
Constitution of the United States. I think that
when we propose to amend the Constitution
we should carry our actions just so far as the
evil extends, the neeossity for remedying which
exists, and that we should not project beyond
that into theoretical amendments. Now, the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan
reaches to the full extent of the evil, the wrong
done to a certain class of citizens which is now
proposed to be remedied. There, for the pres-
'ent, I am willing to stop. If a new evil shall
develop itself in any future step of the history
of the nation, then it will be time enough to
meet that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
Clerk calls the roll, 1 was requested to say that
Senators Morton and Fes'senden had paired
off with the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon,] and that Messrs. Fessesdes and
Morton, if here, would vote for the amend-
ment, and Mr. Dixotf would vote against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Chair mean this
particular amendment now under considera-
tion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
passage of the joint resolution. The adoption
of this amendment is so material that perhaps
they would like to have it'stated."
Mr. STEWART. I do not think thig amend-
ment will be voted for generally, if it is exam-
ined, as it now stands. It is a different amend-
ment from what it was when offered before. I
do not think it is as good as it was before, but
there were objections to it, and in the attempt
to avoid them there are others that may be per-
ceived.
Citizens of the United States of African descent
shall have the same right to vote and hold office in
States and Territories as other citizens, electors of
the most numerous branch of their respective Legis-
latures.
It is a little indefinite whether that means
citizens of African descent, whether twenty- one
years old or not, who possess the other requi-
site qualifications. Would not the literal con-
struction confer suffrage on females and minors
of African descent?
Then there is the other objection, that it is
not based on the theory of the amendment that
there is to be no distinction on account of race
and color, that none shall be predicatedon either
race or color. You say there shall be no dis-
tinction as against the African. Why a distinc-
tion against the descendants of other countries ?
I think the limitation is unnecessary. I prefer
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose, if this should
be adopted, to move this addition: "and there
shall be no discrimination in any rights on ac-
count of race or color."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope this amendment
will be adopted, because it is explicit and de-
clares just exactly what we mean. We either
mean to enfranchise the African or not in this
country by means of this amendment. If we
mean that, we say it, and it is understood by
everybody." If we mean to provide that all for-
eigners of all races and conditions and classes,
whether from Asia or Africa, shall come in here
and enjoy theprivilegesof this amendment, then
weoughtto adopt some language to accomplish
that purpose; but, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut,'the practical evil in this
country at this time is that persons of African
descent are disfranchised. Wepropose to pro-
vide a remedy, and we do not exclude anybody
else by this amendment, but we provide that
those persons shall have the right, to vote and
to hold office, if it becomes necessary, as I
have no doubt it will.
1 regard this amendment in any form as
wholly inadequate to the end of extending uni-
versal suffrage, and we are to have another
agitation as to the amendment of the Constitu-
tion to follow this ; they are to keep coming,
and it is impossible by this amendment, as
reported by the committee, ta quiet agitation
as to the extension of suffrage. The only effect
of the amendment, as reported by the com-
mittee, will be to extend the right of suffrage
and the right to hold office to Africans, while
it leaves open the amendment to.various con-
structions in different parts of the country, and
to various objections. I hope, therefore, the
pending proposition will be adopted.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that if we
are to have an amendment to the Constitution
this proposition will accomplish the object de-
sired. It will give to the African race the right
to vote, that they may protect themselves in the
southern reconstructed States. It is proposed to
grant it to them on the ground that there is some-
thing due that race for their loyalty during the
war and for their assistance in putting down
the rebellion. They were pretty much the only
people in those States who were loyal. As I
understand it, it is the desire of the Senate to
meet that particular contingency, and if we are
to adopt any amendment I am in favor of this
amendmentto meet this particular contingency
at this time, and no other. As I have before
stated, I believe that the fourteenth constitu-
tional amendment provides for all that the ne-
cessity of the case requires ; but if we are to
adopt another amendment I hope that the
proposition offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan will be adopted.
Mr. COLE. Hitherto I have not partici-
pated at all in this debate, and I have but a
word or two to add to what has been said in
the discussion on this floor. I am in favor of
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan
which has just been read. It will effectually
leave out of the question the subject of the
Chinese immigration which has excited so much
feeling on the part of Senators not from the
Pacific coast. I am not myself apprehensive
of any great difficulty arising from that source.
The Chinese, to be sure, in some numbers
come to the Pacific coast, but not with the
intention of becoming citizens. I presume no
application on the part of a single one of them
has been made to become a citizen of the Uni-
ted States. So wedded are they to their native
country, the Celestial empire, that even the
dead are taken back there. This proposition
of the Senator from Michigan goes to the ex-
tent of enfranchising native-born Americans.
It is entirely different in its scope and extent
from one which would include the Chinese. I
am, for the reason thus briefly stated, in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan, believing as I do with the Senator from
Connecticut that other questions can be met
when they arise, and we are not called upon
