56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
ought to have full consideration by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I move that it be
referred to that committee.
Mr. BlNGHAM. I desire to make a state-
ment to the douse. The effect of this bill, as
the House will see, is not to give to the Court
of Claims any further power than to investi-
gate this matter; to investigate it, of course,
under the existing laws governing the pro-
ceedings of that court; to investigate it judi-
cially ; to ascertain the facts under the obliga-
tion ofjudieial authority, so that there can be
no mistake about the facts.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man if we would not have to refer all claims
of this kind to the Court of Claims?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not all claims. But, sir,
I have this to say, the investigation being made
by the court they will make a report to the
House of the evidence and the facts, and the
House can theu pass upon it. I do not under-
take to say that the claim ought to be allowed
under any circumstances, and there is nothing
in this bill which authorizes the Court of
Claims to pronounce a decree. They are
simply authorized to investigate the case; and
surely the House of Representatives, with the
knowledge they have of this claimant, ought
not to refuse him a hearing. What I wish to
say to the House is that the truth can be more
certainly ascertained by this proceeding than
it can be by any committee of the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why make this an excep-
tion to the vast amount of simtlar claims?
Why not refer them all at once to the Court of
Chums
Mr. BIN GUAM. There is not avast amount
of similar claims.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My friend is vastly mis-
taken about that.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am not mistaken.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 'There aie many similar
claims that, have been before his committee.
Mr. BiNGIIAM. Name anything of the
kind.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I can name thousands.
[ am not speaking of claims which in all their
lacts are exactly like this claim of Mr. Scgar,
but claims of the same nature for military
damages.
Mr. MAYNARD. I trust the House will
give this claimant a hearing.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 move that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BINGHAM. It'that be done the point
I desire to reach is not attained at all. What
I want to ascertain are the facts in the case,
and to ascertain them judicially. Surely this
House e,m afford to trust its own judgment.
Mr. SCOElELD. If 1 understand it this
claim comes uuder a resolution adopted by a
previous Congress on motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [vlr. Dei.axo.]
Mr. BINGHAM. It is unlike other claims.
The gentleman has ventured to say there are
other claims like it, and 1 have ventured to say
there aro none like it. Now, I will make iny
statement about it. This claimant at the time
a the rebellion was going on occupied a seat
' upon this lloor as a Representative of the peo-
ple of Virginia. He was here in the discharge
of his duty and known to those associated with
him upon this lloor. In the mean time his
properly was taken possession of by our own
Army while he was attending to his public
duties and unable to give attention to his affairs
in Virginia. If any claim of any character
whatever for damages occasioned by the de-
struction of propei ty within the limits of the
rebellion could be paid by the Department I
have no doubt that this claim would have
been investigated and decided one way or the
other. But here was the owner of this prop-
erly occupying a seat upon this floor, contrib-
uting by his voice and vote to the measures
necessaiy to prosecute the war. lit the mean
time you took possession of his property. I
want io know judicially the facts connected
with tins mailer. Let them be ascertained
under mo obligations of au oath, and if it turns
out that he was all the time laithful to the
cause of the country, that he was in nowise
participating in the rebellion, that the Gov-
ernment destroyed his property and derived
advantage from it, then let the Court ol Claims
say so. 'The only point is whether you will
allow the Court of Claims to make this invest-
igation.
I wish further to state that by a simple ref-
erence to the Judiciary Committee, or to the
Committee of Claims, youdo not secure, in
my judgment, tliat judicial investigation of the
facts which will be secured in the Court ol
Claims. That is the difference between us. _
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Ohio
says that all he wants is to ascertain the facts.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is all there is in the
bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD.
me I will go on.
Mr. BINGHAM.
Mr. SCOFIELD.
If you yield the floor to
Go on.
All he wishes is to ascer-
tain the facts so the House may act upon the
case. I suppose that is all any claimant asks ;
that in the lirst instance you shall refer his
claim to a committee or to the Court of Claims
to ascertain the facts. I do not think any
claimant will ask us to act before we have any
facts; but what I state is that there are a large
number of similar claims, amounting to mil-
lions of dollars, and they ought all to be
treated alike. If we take one man's claim in
Virginia out of the resolution adopted by a
formec Congress, we ought to take them all.
If one is referred to the Court ol Claims for
investigation of the facts, let theui all go there,
i he gentleman says this is the only claim of
that nature from the State of Virginia or any
8tate; that is, claims for damages done by our
Army in the rebel States. I suppose there are
thousands of such claims, involving millions of
dollars.
Mr. WASHB (JUNE, of Illinois. Hundreds
of millions.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Illi-
nois says hundreds of millions. I am not
prepared to state what the amount is, but
everybody knows that the gentleman is mis-
taken when he says there is nobody else in Vir-
ginia or anywhere else in the insurgent States
to whom our Army did injury and who are
themselves loyal men. Our Army did do a
large amount of injury by taking possession of
lands and buildings and the destruction of crops
and fences, and by taking the stock ot thou-
sands of men friendly to the Union cause ; and
if this man's claim is to go to the Court of
Claims, why not send them all there? Is he
such a special pet of this Congress that he is to
be singled out of thousands whose property has
been injured by the Union Army? And for
what? Not to pass upon it, not to tell whether
there is any merit in it, but what is the amount
of the claim. Let it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, of which the eloquent and
accomplished gentleman from Ohio himself is
chairman. He is competent to investigate it,
and when he makes his report we will have as
much confidence in it as if it had gone to the
Court of Claims.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman what
there is about this claim to which he objects.
I infer from his statement that he does not
propose to pay anybody's claim for property
destroyed within the rebel States. 1 beg to
remind the gentleman that such claims have
passed this House without his protest against
them. That is the first thing I have to remark.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman misrepre-
sents my position.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire a categorical
answer to my question, whether he protests
against paying any claim arising out of the ap-
propriation of private property within the
limits of the late rebellion?
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman wishes
to dodge the real question 
Mr. BINGHAM. I dodge nothing.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Wait till I say a word,
and do not, take me off the floor. The question
i is not here whether all these claims shall ever
1 be paid, but whether we shall make this a pet
claim and single it out from thousands before
the country just as meritorious as this. I want
to treat them all alike. 1 will send them to his
own committee, in which 1 have confidence,
but I will not select this one and make it a
special favorite, and ask the Court of Claims
to give us the facts, when we are competent to
investigate the facts for ouiselves. I under-
stand the reference of this to the Court of
Claims means that we will give this a prefer-
ence over all others.
The gentleman says that like claims passed
without my protest. That is in the past, and I
recall no such cases. 1 am talkiug about this
oue. If the gentleman has any remembrance
of any let him state it, and I am prepared to
reply- I recollect one ease from Virginia,
where a clergyman of this city came here and
plead for it, and L believe succeeded in getting
it through, but not with my vote. 1 think the
gentleman from Ohio did vote for it, and the
claim was afterward ascertained to be a fraud.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not the only case.
The gentleman has been asked to state a par-
allel case, and he has not done so. ^ Here is a
man engaged as a Representative of the State
of Virginia on the floor of this House during
the rebellion, voting for all the war measures,
and in the meantime you take possession ot
his property, while he is not there to take
charge of it himself. The gentleman says it is
not an exceptional case, i say it is.
Mr. SCOl'TFLD. If the gentleman knows
all the tacts of the case why ask the Court ol
Claims to ascertain them lor us ?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 know that fact, and the
Journals will bear witness ot it, whether the
gentleman knows it or not. The gentleman
undertakes to assume that the case was not ex-
ceptional. I say it is exceptional, and I chal-
lenge him to give us an instance of any sort
wherein this House has refused au investiga-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man says he challenges me. It is in violation
of the laws of the District to send a challenge.
[Laughter,]
Mr. BINGHAM. It is in violation of the
law in the gentleman's judgment, I suppot«,
to speak plain English here. The gentlema i
pretends to be in favor of an investigation. He
ought to know right well that if the members
of the Committee of Claims attend to the du-
ties which devolve upon them here as Repre-
sentatives of the people, they cannot be pres-
ent in person elsewhere than in the Capitol in
the investigation of this matter. And he knows
just as well that, under your existing lavs the
Court of Claims can issue its order of examin-
ation in any part of the country, that the
examinations can be made judicially before
commissioned officers of the country, and tlmt
the witnesses are liable to the pains and penal-
ties of perjury if they testify falsely. Now, the
bill that comes from the Seriate simply author
izes the Court of Claims to make that investi-
gation under the shelter of your own laws; and
it is useless, utterly useless, for the gentleman
ftom Pennsylvania or any other gentleman to
undertake to say that he is in favor of investi-
gating this matter, but that he prefers nut toiu-
j vestigate it under the full sanctions of the law
j and under such provisions of the law as will
enable the applicant to have a full investiga-
tion of the matter, taking care all the while of
the interest of this Government.
I do not commit myself m favor of the claim
at all, and the only reason I have spoken at
! all is, I was appealed to by this gentleman, who
| was associated with me on this floor as a Kep-
j resentative of Virginia, to ask that this House
respond to the action of the Senate in giving
to him a judicial hearing as to the merits of
his claim before a judicial tribunal. The
gentleman now seems to iuiimate that it is all
right to investigate it, and the only question
between us, therefore, is whether the most
efficient way is not the best way of investigat-
ing it. That is all.
The gentleman says, why not devolve this
duty upon the Cowt of Claims as to all other
