1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 78, noes 42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to Senate bill No. 941, granting a pension to
Benjamin C. Stone.
Tiie message further announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 900, granting a pen-
sion to William B. Looney, of Alabama, and
ask a committee of conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Van Winkle and Mr.
Warner as the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of the
Illinois Iron and Bolt Company; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1989) for the relief of
Peter McGough, collector of internal revenue
and disbursing agent, twentieth district of
Pennsylvania.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
of the following title:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 208) author-
izing Commander Charles B. Baldwin, United
States Navy, to accept a gold medal from the
king of the Netherlands.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session and the consideration of the miscella-
neous appropriation bill.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move to insert, after
the amendment last adopted, the following:
For ,removing tho hydraulic weights and for con-
struction of the northwest stairway in the Treasury
building, $10,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For custom-house in Bangor, Maine, $15,000.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the clause
^ust read by striking out$15,000 "and insert-
ing " $25,000." 1 wish to say to the Commit-
tee of the Whole that the estimate calls for the
amount I have named. I hold in my hand a
dispatch from the resident architect, who is a
perfectly reliable gentleman. He says :
I have received yourletter. It is impossible to pay
existing bills and finish tho work for $15,000. Must
have amount asked for, which is $25,000; and I will
1761
have to exercise great prudence to makeVhat answer!
Can prove by figures that I am right.
I wish to say further that the buildings for
which this appropriation is asked are the exten-
sion and completion ofthe custom-house, court-
house, post office, and offices for the officers
of the internal revenue. This amount of
$25,000 is the sum required by the estimates
to make this completion, and if we do not have
thataraountnowthe whole work of all of those
offices will go uncompleted until another year.
I supposed from what my colleague, who is on
the committee, [Mr. Blaine,] told me that the
Committee on Appropriations had agreed to
make the appropriation asked for of $25,000.
Now, I have letters from the postmaster of that
C1'yi I have been called upon by custom-house
officers, I have had all kinds of appeals from
the citizens, asking that we shall have now this
sura, which is necessary for the completion of
this building, appropriated at this time and
nave an end of the matter. I know, if human
testimony can be relied on, that the last dol-
lar of this $25,000 is necessary.
As my colleague [Mr. Blaine] is well in-
tormed with reference to this matter I yield to
bub the residue of my time.
1 desire to say simply that
000 is the amount stated in the estimates
tor this work. This estimate was made in the
40th Cong. 3d Sess.— No. 111.
belief as has been stated by my colleague,
LMr. IWs,] that this amount will finish the
building, which is now advanced about seven
eighths toward completion. It appears to me
it would be very poor economy to dribble out
this appropriation of $25,000 between two
years. Such a course would only tend to cause
delay and would possibly lead to the dilapi-
dation of the building which $25,000 appro-
priated now will finish at once. I hope the
committee will have no hesitation in adopting
this amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say that the
Committee on Appropriations did not feel as
if the country were now in a condition to jus-
tify us in making appropriations for these cus-
tom-houses according to the amounts named
in the^ estimates. Hence they acted as the
Committee of the Whole did the other even-
mg in considering the deficiency bill; they
concluded that one half the estimated amounts
would serve the purpose for the present. Hence,
for the custom-house at Ba^igor they propose
to appropriate $15,000 instead of $25,000.
ihen again, in the next appropriation for the
custom-house at Cairo, Illinois, we have named
$30,000 instead of $60,000, as proposed in the
estimates. Again, ia the appropriation for the
custom-house at Portland, Maine, which we
shall reach very soon, we have fixed the amount
at $60,000, while the estimates propose an
expenditure of $120,000. Now, if the Com-
mittee of the Whole are prepared to double in
every instance the appropriations proposed in
this bill for custom-houses and court-houses
be it so j but the Committee on Appropriations
had supposed that this could not well be done
at the present time; that these public works
could afford to wait for another year before
receiving the full amounts estimated, thereby
relieving the Treasury in the meanwhile. I
hope the committee will not adopt the amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg to say, in answer to
my colleague on the Committee on Appropri-
ations, [Mr. Spalding,] that the case of the
custom-house in Bangor, Maine, is entirely
different from the other cases which he has
named, because in this instance the $25,000
asked for will assuredly complete all that the
Government set out to do; while the others
are cases of continuous appropriations, which
are not expected this year to complete the
respective buildings.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask my colleague on
the committee whether he did not agree in
committee to the amount reported in the bill?
Mr. BLAINE. I agreed to take all that I
could get, and was undoubtedly glad to get
what the committee propose to appropriate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to ask the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
and his colleague [Mr. Peters] whether they
will pledge themselves never to ask another
dollar for Bangor if we make the appropriation
now asked? [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. Well, as people say when they
are taken into church, "I will." [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. I suppose that the pledge
of my colleague is so good that nothing addi-
tional is required from me. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For court-house and post office, Madison, Wiscon-
sin, $50,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by in-
serting after the paragraph just read the fol-
lowing :
For the completion of the eustora-house, court-
house, and post office building at Nashville, Ten-
nessee, in addition to former appropriations, $5,000.
This is a small appropriation, and very
necessary. I hope the committee will not hesi-
tate to grant it.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For appraisers' stores, Philadelphia, 823,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of elicit-
ing an explanation, I moveto amend by striking
out the paragraph just read. I had supposed
that the deficiency bill lately passed contained
appropriations for all these works.
Mr. SPALDING. The deficiency bill con-
tained appropriations to supply deficiencies for
the present fiscal year. The appropriations in
this bill are for the same works for the next
fiscal year.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. AX TELL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph just read the following:
. J^orbranch mint at San Francisco, California,
{•ouglalll*
I desire to state to the committee that this
work has been appropriated for heretofore and
is considered very necessary for the public
service ; that this sum is the sum estimated for;
that the building now occupied is insufficient;
that the United States is paying rent at the
rate of more than twelve thousand dollars a
year as accommodation for the branch mint;
that the supervising architect is unwilling to go
forward and put up the walls ; that although a
fine lot was bought some three years ago, and
although a small sum of money is on hand,
probably enough to quarry the stone, yet the
supervising architect is unwilling to go forward
and put up the work without this additional
sum. I stated on the deficiency bill these
facts at some length, showing that the branch
mint at San Francisco had coined some fifteen
or sixteen million dollars in gold, while the
parent Mint at Philadelphia had coined only
$4,000,000.
1 wish to say a word in regard to the fair-
ness of these appropriations. We have no
public buildings at San Francisco and the
United States is paying rent all over the city.
I desire to say on the score of economy that a
public building is as much the property of the
United States situated in San Francisco as
in the city of Washington. You appropriate
twenty and thirty thousand dollars for build-
ing fences in the city of Washington or in dec-
orating public buildings here, as if they were
any more public buildings of the United States
because they were in the city of Washington
than if situated in New York, Boston, or San
Francisco.
In my judgment, Mr. Chairman, it is poor
economy on the part of the United States to
pay rent when it is able to build. It is poor
economy on the part of the United States to
continue buildings during five or six years
when they could be completed in one year.
If we build them at once we do away with
the necessity of keeping up architects and su-
perintendents at very high salaries from year
to year. The Government paid $100,000 in
gold for a lot in San Francisco for the CJnited
States branch mint, and an appropriation of
$100,000 was made to commence the work,
which amount is still on hand. You are lying
out of the interest of your money paid for tho
lot and the interest of the money which you
have, while at the same time you are paying
rent for the use of the buildings there. Now,
sir, what is good economy in an individual is
good economy in the Government. We ought
to have a building of ourown, and I think that
a liberal and just Government requires the
expenditure of this money.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I renew the amendment, mak-
ing the appropriation $200,000.
Mr. Chairman, I am aware of the difficulty
we have in struggling to secure any of these
appropriations. My colleague, who more im-
mediately represents the city of San Francisco,
cannot feel a deeper interest in this matter than
I do myself. A public building there which is
necessary to do the Government work not only
belongs as a matter of interest to that State,
but to the General Government.
As my colleague has stated, the Government
to-day is paying a rent for this branch mint of
$12,000. It is a small building and entirely
inadequate for mint purposes. If the Govern-
