THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
order now to offer that amendment, an amend-
ment to an amendment being pending.
Mr. WILSON. I know it is not in order to
offer it at present ; but I merely suggest it as
an amendment which. I think is better than the
others, and which covers all the points.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask a ques-
tion of the honorable Senator from Michigan.
-. If his amendment,were adopted, would it not
be competent for any of the States lately re-
constructed, should they fall into the hands of
our .political opponents, to make such qualifi-
cations for suffrage, without violation of the
terms of this- amendment, as would practically
disfranchise four fifths of the citizens of African
descent ?
Mr. HOWARD. Doubtless the honorable
Senator from South Carolina is as competent
as myself to answer the question which he
fiuts; but it is to be remembered, at the same
time, that whatever regulation or restriction
may be established in this regard by a State,
it must operate with equal severity upon the
white and the black races. I call his atten-
tion further to the fact that the amendment
reported by the Judiciary Committee contains
in itself precisely the same principle. The
people of those States can do it now. As I said
before, neither the joint resolution reported by
the committee now before us nor my amend-
ment contemplates disturbing or meddling with,
in any way, the right of the State to regulate the
qualification of voters and officeholders further
than concerns the people of African descent;
putting all classes of both colors on precisely
the same level.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it seems
a little hard that the minority should be com-
pelled to remain hero all day and all night
and help to keep a quorum of the Senate to-
gether when the majority seem to agree on
nothing, and do not know what they do want.
We hardly know in what shape they want this
amendment. They do not know themselves.
J think it would be wise for us to take a short
adjournment, at least to get breakfast, and give
the majority a little time to consult and see
what kind of proposition they are in favor of.
If the clock is right, it is now ten minutes to
ten o'clock; and I move that the Senate take
a recess until twelve o'clock to give gentlemen
an opportunity to get some breakfast.
Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. THAYER, and others.
We have had breakfast.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that the Sen-
ate take a recess until twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
to adjourn would effect the same object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Would the Senate then
inset at twelve o'clock?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move, then, that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As it seetrs to be the
determination of the Senate to go on with this
discussion, and as we are now jnst getting to
the point in the case, the Senate will indulge
me in n, few observations upon this important
question. I am very happy to be informed that
some of the Senators, at least, have been to
breakfast.
Mr. President, the amendment as proposed
by the committee had something like gener-
ality, and in the discussion of the question we
had to discuss itupon generalprinciples without
reference to any particular race or nationality.
But this proposition brings it directly to the
point, so far as the African is concerned in the
U nited States ; and that, as a matter of course,
raises the question at once as to the propriety
and justice of this Government forcing upon the
States by a constitutional amendment the Afri-
can vote.
I believe all observing men agree, not only
outside ot the Senate, but Senators will agree
in private conversation, I have no doubt, if you
sit down with them and talk itover, that while
as a general rule white men are competent to
vote, yet, as a general rule with gome excep-
tions, the Africans are incompetent to vote.
Some of our friends from the lately recon-
structed States may perhaps demur a little to
this general declaration.
Mr. THAYER. And others also.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Some from Nebraska,
where they have no Africans.
Mr. THAYER. We have plenty, and they
vote right.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But take the gentlemen
from any of those States where they have prac-
tical knowledge of the African race as it is,
and among the white men of sense in this
country there is not one in ten who, if you will
sit down by his side and get into his interior
thoughts and conversation, will not tell you
that, as a general rule, the Africans aro incom-
petent to vote. We know it. Everybody
knows it.
What is the occasion of that incompetency?
It is not a matter of a day nor a year nor a
generation. It is a matter of six thousand
years and the whole history of the race. Men
speak of the question as a question of skin. I
have heard my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts hour by hour denounce the oligarchy
of the skin, as if the skin was not mentioned
simply as one of the incidents of the race, to
distinguish it from other races; whereas every-
body who knows anything on the subject knows,
all natural philosophy teaches, all ethnologists,
all historians, all men who know by actual
experience anything of this race knows that
the skin is by no means the greatest distinction
between the African and the white man. From
the hair on the top of his head to the soles
of his feet there is not an organ in his body
in which there is not as much distinction be-
tween him and the white man as there is in
his skin. From the wool which grows upon
his head to the soles of his feet, in his interior
organs, his kidneys, his stomach, his bones,
his body, his interior mental and moral organ-
ization, he exhibits throughout just as great
distinctions as the skin. The fiat of the
Almighty has written it, and the experience
of the world proves it. He cannot be amal-
gamated with the white race and produce a
third race or a yellow race. Amalgamation
may go on illicitly; there may be offspring,
but the whole history of the medical world
shows that this offspring is enfeebled, with
neither the power of the white man nor the
power of the black man, and that in a short
period he ceases to propagate his species. It
is the fiat of the Almighty which is stamped
upon this very idea of forcing an amalgamation
of the races against nature and against the laws
of God.^ Those who attempt to do it are war-
ring against all history and warring against the
laws of Him that made history and made the
races of men.
Why, sir, how does this race appear in the
States of the South, and in Africa, too? We
often quote here the language of Jefferson de-
claring for the equality of the rights of men.
We all agree to that. But Jefferson also de-
clares, with as much distinctness and with as
much force as he declares the natural rights of
men, that it is impossible for yon to put these
two races together and maintain them upon a
footing of equality side by side in the same
Government. Your experience has demon-
strated it. In the States in the South you, sir,
(Mr. Welch in the chair,) know, and there is
not a man in the Senate who does not know
that the irrepressible conflict of race—not a
conflict in arms, for the power of the Federal
Government prevents that, but a conflict of
race, irrepressible, constant, eternal—is going
on between the blacks and the whites, as it is
going on between the whites and the Indians
on the frontier. They may blind their eyes if
they please to these facts, but they are as bright
us the sunlight everywhere. Just so long as
the effort is made to enforce an unnatural
equality between the white race and an alien
and inferior race, an exotic race which does
not belong in the temperate zones of the earth,
whicli has been brought here from the tropics
where God planted it and intended it to stay,
and from which the cupidity of man has
wrenched him from his native position and
forced him into this exotic condition in the
soil of the United States, so lopg will this war-
fare go on, because you are attempting to en-
force this unnatural equality upon the States
of the South against their will.
Mr. President, in the midst of all this trouble
some events are transpiring which may bring
a solution to this conflict of race, as I hope it
may; without any bloody conflict of arms.
Upon our southern border there are tropical
climates already inhabited by the colored race
and where the colored man is adapted by con-
stitution' and nature to live. There are San
Domingo and Hayti and Cuba, which will prob-
ably soon abolish slavery; and all the islands of
the West Indies, which, in the process of time,
may come under the jurisdiction of this Gov-
ernment, may be held under its flag, and I
hope they will be. Those islands where the
white race is doomed because the white race
is not adapted to the climate and cannot live
there may become, under the providence of
God, a home for the Africans in the United
States who have the intelligence and the enter-
prise to migrate to those islands, and there
live among^ their own people by themselves,
and thus withdraw from that conflict of race
which is constant, irrepressible, eternal, while
they undertake to live under the same Govern-
ment with the white man, side by side, upon a
footing of equality. <
The newspapers speak, and therefore I am
at liberty to refer to it, of a treaty negotiated
between this Government and Denmark for the
island of St. Thomas.- For one, I do not hes-
itate to avow that I hope, if such a treaty has
been negotiated, it will be ratified and con-
firmed. The island of St. Thomas contains the
best harbor almost in the Gulf of Mexico. It
is the entrepot to the West Indies, the outside
island and harbor which flanks them all, and
its acquisition will secure to us in the end all
the islands of the gulf of Mexico and the West
Indies. I say, for one, I hope that such a
treaty, if negotiated, will be accepted and con-
firmed by the Government of the United States;
and, further, that the other islands of the Gulf
one after another will be acquired by the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir, if it is on this
point.
Mr. HOWE. It is on this point. The ques-
tion is, if both races are withdrawn from this
world to the world above, will not that end this
eternal conflict just as surely as to withdraw
one of them to the island of St. Thomas ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My colleague perhaps
has been consulting the spiritualists lately. Ho
is talking about other worlds than this, and I
am not prepared to go into that discussion.
Mr. HOWE. No ; I wish to consult tempo-
ral authority, not spiritual.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 am talking about the
temporal affairs of this earth and of the islands
of the earth, and not of the islands beyond the
earth or beneath it. I see that my colleague is
in a humorous mood, but I trust, he will excuse
me for not yielding to interruptions. I was ar-
guing a certain point seriously.
Mr. HOWE. I understood my colleague to
say that this conflict was eternal, and I wanted
to inquire if there was not a way to terminate it
short of sending one of the parties to St.
Thomas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I said the conflict was
eternal; I was speaking of course of temporal
affairs; eternal on this earth so long as the
races are brought in contact with each other.
I was saying, Mr. President, that I hope this
Government will acquire these islands in the
West Indies, and that they will become the
home of the colored men of the United States,
who can emigrate to them gradually, not all at
once, not all in one year or in ten years, and
perhaps never all emigrating to those islands,
but where the emigration can begin, transfer-
ring our language, our influence, and our col-
ored men to the building up in those islands
