58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
have regained its paradise of State rights
and its privilege of ruthlessly trampling on
many of the most precious principles and
priceless guarantees of our Constitution. Gen-
eral Grant's election has averted this great
evil—not merely by a temporary triumph,
leaving the contest to be reuewed hereafter
with doubtful issue in the end, but with a vic-
tory that removes it from the list of questions
on which parties will divide in the future.
The election of 18G8 is 'the last in which the
lately rebellious section, even if it could be
wholly controlled by rebels, will have sufficient
power in the electoral vote of the country to
make it the object either of hope or of fear on
the part of political organizations striving for
the government of the nation. The tendency
lias been in that direction ever since Mr. Cal-
houn's famous theory of an equipoise of free
and slave States was destroyed by the adinis-
sion of California in 18-30. The relative power
f of tlxe two sections lias been changing since that
date with startling rapidity, even without the
intervention of war; and the approaching cen-
sus of 1870 will disclose the fact that the ten
rebel States, viewed as one compact power,
will no longer have sufficient strength to offer
temptation to the Democratic party of the North
to sacrifice its loyalty and its pride for the profit
of an alliance with them. The withdrawal of
northern Democratic support from these States
will give to the loyal inhabitants, who area clear
majority in each one of them, the power of gov-
erning them in the interest of loyalty, whereby
the sectional and clannish spirit that has been
their bane and their destruction will he ex-
pelled, and broad, generous, national sympa-
thies lake its place. And the effect of this
result on the northern Democratic party in
turn vvill be to enforce in the end an abandon-
ment of the disloyal attitude by which it has
lost its ancient prestige and renown. The
southern rebels and the northern Democrals
having derived no honor nor profit from their
persistent cooperation, may find mutual ad-
vantage and gain by a separation in which
each, disencumbered of the other, may atone
at leisure for the joint sins of the discreditable
partnership. This prospective and penitent
attitude of the two great classes of offondors
heralds the dawn of that day when Presiden-
tial elections will be contested and decided
without a melancholy pred etion or a savage
menace of a dissolution of the Union. There
are few voters now living in this country who
ever participated in a presidential campaign
in which the fate of the Union was not involved
either in the angry threats of political mal-
contents or in the timid apprehensions of
well-meaning citizens. That day has now
passed. AVe have heard the last of that alarm
in 1808. The Union was actually saved by
General Grant's victories in the field. The
menace of its destruction ceases with his
victory at the polls.
Second: The reconstruction laws of Con-
gress have been vindicated and sustained by
General Grant's election. The State govern-
ments erectcd under those laws will be upheld
and the basis of impartial loyal suffrage, with-
out regard to race or color, will be accepted
as the permanent rule in the lately rebellious
States, as it will be at no distant day through-
out the entire Union. This result is certain
to be achieved either through the amelioration
of prejudice and the conquering force of justice
in theitidividual Statesorbytheeomprehensive
influence of a constitutional amendment which
shall affect all the States equally and alike.
The decision in favor of the reconstruction
measures must bring peace to the South—and
with peace will come contentment and afflu-
ence. The rebellious element in those States,
seeing the hopeless folly of longer resisting the
mandate of the nation, will acquiesce in the
decision, if with no better grace than merely
accepting the inevitable. And with thisaccept-
ance will begin the real prosperity of that sec-
tion, in which properly will then be secure,
investments inviting and remunerative, labor
ia demand and amply paid. The better minds
even among the rebel leaders recognize and
admit that as a question of practical states-
manship it is too lat.e to discuss negro suf-
frage ; for having been granted it is impossible
to recall it. Between originally withholding
a franchise from large masses of people and
annulling it after it has been conceded, wise
men cau see a vast difference—a difference
quite literally as great, it may be, as that be-
tween peaceful discussion and bloody conflict.
So that even excluding from the case the
abstract and unchanging element of justice
which underlies it, it is demonstrably imprac-
ticable to withhold suffrage from the southern
negroes now that they have exercised it, with-
out involving consequences which would destroy
all security for life or property in that section
for generations to come. Negro suffrage being
then of necessity conceded as one of the essen-
tials of reconstruction, the only remaining
source of discontent is the exclusion of a small
minority of white men from the polls by reason
of disloyalty. And here the evil lies in the
disloyalty and not in the exclusion—and I
know I am safe in saying that, the exclusion
will be removed quite as rapidly as the disloy-
alty disappears. And the disloyal white men
of the Sou'h should be quite contented if they
acquire suffrage as rapidly as the loyal colored
men of the whole country. May we not hope
that the patriotic conduct of the one class and
the softening of unreasonable prejudice toward
the other, will enable the American people to
hold the centennial celebration of their inde-
pendence with no citizen of the Republic dis-
franchised, and with the sublime declaration
that "all men are created equal" accepted
and realized on the hundredth anniversary of
its majestic utterance.
Third: The election of General Grant has
settled the financial question. 1 do not raeau
that it has adjusted the details or even fore-
shadowed the particular measures by which the
public dqbt is to be provided for and its prompt
payment assured. I only mean that the Amer-
ican people have deliberately, solemnly, and
omphatioally recorded their decision in favor
of an honest discharge of their public obliga-
tions, and against all the forms of evasion and
delusion so temptingly set forth in Democratic
platforms. They have declared against the
policy of wildly inflating, depreciating, and
ruining their currency in order to prematurely
pay off any portion of the Government bonds;
and they have declared with equal emphasis in
favor of lightening the public burdens by reduc-
ing theintereston "the national debtas promptly
and as rapidly as it may be done with honor.
They have decided against all forms of repudi-
ation ''open or covert, threatened or sus-
pected," and in favor of upholding the public
faith and maintaining the public honor spotless
and stainless. Nay, they have gone one step
further; the question of paying the public debt
'"in the utmost good faith according to the
letter and the spirit, of the contract" is no longer
to be made the subject of controversy or of
doubt in the American Congress. Henceforth
we may do well to remember that proud exam-
ple furnished us in the parliamentary history
of Great Britain, where just preceding the
eventful battle of Blenheim, the probability of
Marlborough's defeat being angrily suggested
by one of the Commons, he was answered by
the most brilliant man of that day in these
eloquent and ever memorable words:
"The question of England's ability to maintain
her position should not be diseased in hor own Par-
liament. Dhcimion implies doubt, and doubt breejh
diiaiter. Our business is to provide the means for
the national defense, and let us to our task."
Fourth: With the election of General Grant
comes a higher standard of American citizen-
ship—with more dignity and character to the
name abroad and more assured liberty and
security attaching to it at home. Our diplo-
macy will be rescued from the subservient
tone by which we have so often been humil-
iated in our own eyes and in the eyes of
Europe, and the true position of the first na-
tion of the earth in rank and prestige will be
assorted; not in the spirit of bravado or with
the mere arrogance of strength, but with the
conscious dignity which belongs to power,
and with the moderation which is the true
ornament of justice. And with this vindica-
tion of the i-ights and the rank of our citizen-
ship abroad will come also its protection and
its panoply at home. That provision of the
Federal Constitution wliih solemnly guaran-
tees that "the citizens of each State shall be
entitled to all the privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States'' will not oo
a dead letter under the administration of Gen-
eral Grant as it in fact has been from the
foundation of the Federal Government down
to this hour. Henceforward it is to be prac-
tically enforced throughout all our borders,
and every citizen of the Republic, himself
observant of the law and of the rights of
others, shall go where it may please him, and
speak as he may see fit, unawed by mobs, un-
harmed by murders, unmenaced in life, limb
or estate 1
With these four cardinal points settled by
the people, General Grant's administration
will have high vantage ground from the day
of its inauguration. Its responsibilities will
indeed be great, its power will be large, its
opportunities will be splendid; and to meet
them all we have a true and tried man, who
adds to his other great elements of strength
that of perfect trust and confidence on the
part of the people. And to reassure ourselves
of his executive character, if reassurance were
necessary, let us remember that great military
leaders have uniformly proved the wisest,
firmest, and best of civil rulers. Cromwell,
William ill, Charles XII, Frederic of Prus-
sia, are not more conspicuous instances in
monarchical Governments than Washington,
Jackson, and Taylor have proved in our
own. Whatever, therefore, may lie before
us in the untrodden and often beclouded path
of the future—whether it, be financial embar-
rassment.. or domestic trouble of another and
more serious type, or misunderstandings with
foreign nations, or the extension of our flag
and our sovereignty over insular or continental
possessions, North or South, that fate or for-
tune may peacefully offer to our ambition—let
us believe with all confidence that General
Grant's administration will meet every exi-
gency with the courage, the ability, and the
conscience which American nationality and
Christian civilization demand.
Mr. W1NDOM obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. KOONTZ, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Hop-
kin'S reported that the Committee of the Whole,
pursuant, to order, had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the Pres-
ident's annual message of 1807, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
distilled spirits and Tomcco.
Mr. CO BURN, by unanimous consent, intro- '
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1493) to amend section
seventy-eight of an act entitled "An act im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July 20,
1808; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURN'E, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was^greed to.
JtTDXCIATi DISTRICT, VIRGINIA.
Mr. BU HjER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. II. No., 1404)
creating an additional judicial district in Vir-
ginia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1493) supple-
