1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
mental to an act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency, secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof'," approved
Jane 1864, and for other purposes; which
wa read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ventilation of tub hall.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit, for consideration at this time, the fol-
lowing preamble and resolution:
Whereas a new improvement in the method of
ventilating public buildings has been invented,
known a? Roots's rotary blower, which in sundry
instances has proved a success oil tri.il: Therefore.
Ilrtolv'l, 'fit it the select Committee on Ventila-
tion of tins Hull be instructed to inquire into the
chiir-i/'tor and xitiii'v of said improvement, and the
practicability of applying thesame in the ventilation
of this Hall, and that they report to this House by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I object toany action on
that subject; let the resolution be referred to
a committee.
Mr. JULTAN. Very well; I move that it
be referred to the select Committeeon Ventila-
tion.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
additional post routes.
Mr. KER.ll, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1490) to establish certain
post routes ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
medical department of tiie navy.
Mr. STEWART, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1197) to reor-
ganize and increase the efficiency of the medi-
cal department of the Navy; which was read
a first and second time, and, with accompany-
ing papers, referred to the Committee onNaval
Afflira.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes of reference ; and also moved
that t.iie motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock p. in.) the House adjourned
till Monday next at twelve o'clock in.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of C. Y.
Thomas, of Martinville, Virginia, praying that
lie may be relieved from political disabilities
incurred by participation iu the rebellion.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Edwin
Willetts, attorney of the Holly, Wayne, and
Monroe Railway Company in the State of
Michigan, praying for authority to stamp and
cancel stamps upon certain subscriptions of
stock of said company.
By Mr. BOUTWELL: The memorial of
Polly B. Howe and others, in reference to the
extension of the Howe patent.
Also, the petition of Abraham Primmer and
others, in reference to the continuance of the
Freedmen's Bureau.
Bv Mr. GRAVELY: A petition praying
Congress to place the name of Rebecca Barton
on the pension-roll.
Also, a petition praying Congress to grant a
pension to Annie Bucldand and her children.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of Charlotte
Ochner, widow of Lewis Ochner, deceased,
late a private in company H, Nevin's buttery
of Pennsylvania heavy artillery, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Adolplms Hall, late of
company F, second regiment Pennsylvania
reserves, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Peter Beard, late of
company 1, eleventh regiment Pennsylvania
infantry volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Samuel Topley, late of
company B, one hundred and sixth regiment
Pennsylvania reserves, for a pension.
Also, the petition of George Dunn, late of
company H, eleventh regiment Pennsylvania
reserves, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Aaron T. Macklin, late
of company E, Knapp's independent Penn-
sylvania battery, for a pension.
Also, the petition of John B. McClusky, late
of company Iv, eleventh regimentPennsylvania
volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Melissa Andrews, widow
of Joseph Andrews, deceased, late of company
B, seventh regiment Pennsylvania cavalry, for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Lucy Bennett, mother
of John L. Bennett, deceased, late of company
A, eighteenth regiment United States infantry,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Catharine McBrown,
mother of George McBrown, deceased, late of
company A, eleventh regiment Pennsylvania
reserves, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret Parker, widow
of Ledyard Parker, deceased, late of company
E, second regiment Pennsylvania cavalry, for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Miller, widow of
Henry Miller, deceased, late of company B,
one hundred and sixty-eighth regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Morley,
mother of Isaac G. Morley, deceased, late of
company K, fifty-third regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mary A. Casteuviler.
widow of John Casteuviler, deceased, late of
company C, fourth regimentPennsylvania cav-
alry, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Scott Halferty, late of
company 1, two hundred and eleventh regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of George Smith, guardian
of Veidclm Buikcrt, daughter of Cyrus liuik-
ert, deceased, late of company B, fiftieth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, lor a pension.
By Mr. MORliELL : The petition and claim
of F. A. Gibbons, esq., asking for compensa-
tion for extra work and materials at the Nor-
folk navy-yard.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of Mrs. Catharine Bourshett, for
an extension of :i patent.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of the
Philadelphia Board of Marine Underwriters,
asking that a light-house be erected on the
north end of 1 eaning's beach, oti the Atlantic
coast of New Jersey.
By Mr. PHELPS: The memorial of A. B.
Patterson and P. de Murguiondo, cilizens of
Baltimore, relative to the claim ol the Govern-
ment and citizens of the United States to the
guano islet of Alta Vela.
By Mr..SCHENCK : The petition of Jane
Dulany, widow of the lale Colonel William
Dulany, of the United States Marine corps,
for a pension.
By Mr. TAFFE : The petition of Julius
Eco'ffey and Adolph Cune, praying to be reim-
bursed for property taken and destroyed near
Fort Laramie by adetachment of United States
troops.
By Mr. TAYLOR : The petition of James
Smith and 130 others, letter-carriers of Phila-
delphia, for an increase of compensation.
By Mr. THOMAS: The petition of a large
number of citizens of Maryland, asking Con-
gress to adopt, measures, by special legislation
or by constitutional amendment, to give to the
people of that State a republican form of gov-
ernment. m . . .
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of
Margaret H. Judd, of Wilmington, Delaware,
praying Congress to grant her a pension.
Also, the petition of citizens of Oleati, New
York, asking a pension for Mrs. S. E. Harmon,
(colored.)
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: A petition to
remove the disabilities of W. J. Mixon, John-
son J. Knox, and-William A. McDaniels, citi-
zens of South Carolina.: . ' • •
Also, a petition for a post route in South
Carolina.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 11, 1808. ;
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gkay, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday last was-rcad and
approved.
lion. William Speague, of Rhode Island,
a d lion. John B. Henderson, of Missouri,
appeared in their seats to-day.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a copy of a
note of the 24lh of November last, addressed
to the Secretary of State by the minister of
Great Britain, communicating a decree of the
district court of the United States for the
southern d'strict of New York, ordering the
payment of certain sums to the defendants
in a suit against the English schooner Sybil,
libeled as prize of war, and recommending an
appropriation of the sums specified therein to
be made by Congress accordingly; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of June
25, 18(58, abatement of Government supplies
lost in transit by the sinking or injury to steam-
boats on the Missouri river below Omaha dur-
ing the years 18(>f>, 18G7, and 1868; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, transmitting a eomtmini«v
tion from the Commissioner of the Bureau of
Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands,
asking the appointment of a committee to in-
vestigate into and report upon the administra-
tion of that bureau from its organization in
May, 1805, to its prospective discontinuance at
the close of the present month : which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
statement of the expenditures made by the
Surgeon General of the appropriation for the
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
territorial laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the revised statutes of the Terri-
tory of Colorado as passed at the seventh ses-
sion of the Legislative Assembly, convened on
the 2d of December, 1807 ; also the acts of a
public nature passed at the same session, and
the prior laws still in force ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
He also laid before the Senate the public
and private laws, memorials, and resolutions
of the Territory of Dakota passed by the Legis-
lative Assembly at the seventh session thereof,
begun and held at Yankton, the capital of the
Territory, on Monday, December 2,1807, and
concluded January 10, 1808; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of citizens of Mississippi, praying the
removal of the political disabilities imposed
upon Prosper K. Montgomery by acts of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of Henry
Martin, president of the Baltimoie Copper
Company, against an increase of the drty on
copper; which was referred to the Committee
i on Finance.
