1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1Q11
of American-interests, and interests which shall
be in harmony with the Republic of the United
States; where we can establish territorial gov-
ernments as we have established a territorial
government or given a territory to the Indian
tribes under our jurisdiction: where our flag
can protect them; where a few of our own
troops stationed in fortifications would give
steadiness to the territorial governments which
these colored men can administer for them-
selves under our guarantee and our protection ;
where they will be withdrawn from this con-
flict with the superior and dominant race, under
whose influence, if you press forward the meas-
ures which you are presenting now, endeavor-
ing to force them on a footing of equality every-
where with the white man—this weak, this
feeble, this inferior, this subject, this dependent
race will be trampled in the dust as certain as
we see the red man of the forest being trampled
under the foot of the Anglo-Saxon.
If we would preserve the colored man from
destruction, we must op'en such an outlet that
lie may escape from this conflict of race which
is bearing him down everywhere. I know gen-
tlemen may say he is not borne down now in
the States of the South. Why? Because the
whole power of the Federal Government with
its armies is there. You defend him by force
of arms. I do not speak of a conflict of arms
between the blacks and the whites. I mean
that other conflict, that moral conflict, that
conflict in the marts of trade, in the marts of
business, in the marts of commerce, where
side by side with the white man he is not his
equal in the competition of life, and where he
must and will go down. Give to him a home
in the tropical regions of the West Indies; give
to him a country where the white man cannot
live and labor, and there he will be secure.
That, sir, may be the true solution of this diffi-
culty in which we are placed; that maybe the
solution of this conflict of race between the
whites and the blacks. But it is not a solution
of that conflict to undertake by force of arms
to force him upon u footing of equality with
the white men of the South or the white men
of any other States in the Union, and at the
same time it is breaking down what has been
regarded as one of the rights of the States from
the beginning, as sacred and secure as any
other, to wit: that each State for itself should
control this whole question of suffrage.
But, sir, there is another objection to this
amendment. We know that with the comple-
tion of the Pacific railroad our commerce
between our western shores and Asia will be
doubled, trebled, quadrupled ; that with every
returning ship hundreds and thousands, it may
be hundred of thousands, of laboring men from
China, and Japan, and the great fountain of
human population in Asia, will be brought to
the United States. There are one hundred
thousand Chinamen now on our western coast.
In ten years there may be a million. In ten
years there may be as many Chinamen as there
are white men there. Under the principle for
which you contend of the equality of the races
of men in the administration of the political
affairs of this Government, how can you con-
tend in favor of giving this power to the Afri-
can race if you deny it to the Chinese? You
know that the Chinese are far in advance of
the African in point of civilization. You know
that., in comparison with the Chinaman, the
African is inferior. You know that in point
of industry the testimony of all men upon the
western coast in relation to the Chinaman is
that he loves industry; that he loves to labor.
He is trained to labor and habits of industry
and habits of frugality and economy that are
most, remarkable.
If we are to carry out the idea for which
gentlemen contend of the equality of all races
before the law and before the Constitution of
the United States in taking part in the Govern-
ment of the country, if we are to extend these
privileges to the African, why should we not
extend them to the Chinaman ? Give me a rea-
son, if you can. And yet we know that all
the Senators from the western coast are unan-
imously opposed to extending any such rights
to the Chinaman. You know that when the
treaty with China was confirmed the idea of
admitting Chinamen to naturalization, I be-
lieve, was unanimously opposed by the majority
of the Senate.
How can you stand upon this ground, and
yet insist on forcing the African in this coun-
try on a footing of equality with the white man?
Why not stand upon the principle one way or
the other? Either stand, as I stand, main-
taining that while slavery should he abolished
and every mau should be protected in his rights,
and we should give to the negro just as much
protection as we give to an Englishman or to
an Irishman or to a German, when he comes
to this country, remaining here an alien .and a
foreigner, giving him the same protection in
propeity and person that we give to more than
a million, probably, of foreigners who are now
residing in the United States, half a million
residing in New England who have no right
to vote at all, and yet they arc protected in
every right, protected in their families, pro-
tected in their property, protected by the laws
of the United States and by the laws of the sev-
eral States. Put the negro upon that ground ;
make him a freeman; establish his freedom,
give him the same protection which other men
have under the law, but do not undertake to
force the Government of the United States or
the government of the States into his hands.
Either do that or adopt the principle that you
are in favor of giving universal equality and
political power to all the races in the United
States, including the Chinese.
Mr. President, there may, in the course of
human events, arise some other questions and
qualification which it would be very desirable
to apply in the States of the Union, and there-
fore the necessity, in my opinion, of leaving
this question of suffrage to be determined by
the several States, for the States may differ in
their situation. While I am opposed to the
principle contained in the constitution of Rhode
Island, I admit the right of the State to fix the
qualifications of her voters, because I admit
that on that subject she has a right under the
Constitution to do it. What is the qualification
in Rhode Island? No foreign-born citizen is
allowed to vote unless he is the owner of real
estate. No man born in Europe can vote in
Rhode Island until he becomes a freeholder in
Rhode Island. That is a restrictive qualifica-
tion on the part of Rhode Island that I do not
justify, while, at the same time, I admit that
Rhode Island has the power to impose such a
restriction. Massachusetts imposes another,
to wit, that no person shall be permitted to
vote unless he can read the Constitution of the
United States in the English language. That
substantially excludes every foreign-born citi-
zen who does not read the English language.
It excludes, as a matter of course, every
negro who cannot read the English language.
If you were to apply the qualification which is
required in Massachusetts in South Carolina
to-day, under this amendment proposed by the
Senator from Michigan, I suppose four fifths,
if not nine tenths, of all the negro population
in South Carolina would be excluded. The
State of New York applies to the colored man
a different kind of qualification. If he is pos-
sessed and owns in his own right $250 worth
of property he is permitted to vote, not because
the property has any right to vote, but because
a colored man who shows capacity enough to
acquire and hold $250 worth of property shows
that he is an exception among the colored
race, and be being among the exceptions has
a right to vote. This is the doctrine of New
York. You may take the doctrine of Vermont.
There are very few negroes living in Vermont,
and it requires so much capacity on the part
of a negro to get to Vermont and live there
after he does get there [laughter] that the
very fact of his living there shows that he is
an. exception among his race and has some
capacity which might entitle him to the privi-
lege of voting. And so it is with all the other
extreme northern States.
But, sir, when you come down to the middle
States, where the climate is milder, or go into
the southern States, where they can live and
thrive almost upon the productions of.the soil
without much.industry, you will find a very
different state of things; and in those States
a different qualification may be necessary to
be applied. If they were to apply the qualifi-
cation of Massachusetts perhaps that would be
all that would be necessary to exclude from
suffrage the great mass of the colored men,
and that they can do under the proposition
proposed by the Senator from Michigan. I cer-
tainly do not oppose his amendment on that
ground, because I believe in allowing the States
to make those qualifications. So that in the
State of South Carolina, if they choose to say
that no negro shall vole unless he can read
and write, as is said in Massachusetts, that
would exclude about nine tenths, I suppose,
perhaps more than nine tenths of the negroes
in their present condition.
Mr. SUMNER. And how many white men ?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I do not know the
number, but I suppose it would exclude quite
a number of white people also. But those
white people might consent to be excluded for
the purpose of excluding this race from taking
part in the political power ; because the mass
of the white people of the South object to the
colored man taking part in the political affairs
of the Government upon a footing of equality
with the white men where the negro exists in
such numbers that he can, by force of numbers,
place himself in such a position as not only to
bring on political equality, but to force social
equality also. It is social equality which is to
be forced on by the political equality in the
States where the negroes exist in numbers
equal to the white man that makes the white
people of the South so persistent and peitina-
cious in their opposition to this proposed
policy.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts
cannot deny that in the State of South Caro-
lina, or in any other State where the negroes
are in a majority over the whites, political
equality and universal equality, forced upon
those States as it has been, must in the end,
if they remain there as a part of its popula-
tion, bring social equality also. If they can
vote they can be voted for; if they can be
voted for they can be elected members of the
Legislature, as they are members of State con-
ventions aud Legislatures, as they may be
members of Congress, and I believe one was
said to be elected to the other House; mem-
bers of the Senate of the United States; gen-
erals in your Army; and if by possibility they
could hold the balance of power, and get our
Republican brethren of the North, in their zeal
to demonstrate that there is no distinction be-
tween the laces, to nominate for the President
of the United States a negro, tliey might per-
haps in the end elect some negro as President
of the United States, and living on social
equality herein Washington, as well as in the
States of the South. If negroes are to be
elected Senators to this body you cannot re-
fuse to meet them at your receptions, at your
inauguration balls, at the President's table,
and their wives with them, and their children
also ; and your children must meet them side
by side, upon a footing of equality. Face the
music, gentlemen ; acknowledge the truth that
this is the necessary, direct tendency, and the
inevitable result which must come, in States
where a majority of the population are colored,
if you force upon the States unrestricted and
unqualified negro suffrage.
1 therefore say, Mr. President, that I be-
lieve I see in the events which are transpiring
around us, in the propositions which are even
now being entertained and discussed in Con-
gress of the annexation of San Domingo, the
acquisition of Hayti, and other islands of the
West Indies, a hope opening for the colored
man where he can find a home ; where, utider
a government substantially controlled by him-
self, he can be on a footing of perfect social
equality with all who live there, where, under
