1(112
TH1 COMmESSIOML GLOBE.
February 8,
the : guarantee and protection of the flag of- the
United States, under a territorial government
which we may establish for'them as We may
establish a territorial government for the In-
dians of the United States,-the negro may find
a home on this -continent and be saved from*
absolute 'destruction. But to undertake to
forcehim side by side upon p, footing of equality
in States with anything like equal numbers
with the white men, hoping or expecting that
in the competition which must arise the negro
will long survive, is a vain hope ; it is an illu-
sion- It will be the destruction of the race to
undertake to forcethis unnatural social equality
between races so distinct.
But, Mr. President, let me return to another
point which has been considerably discussed in
the course of the debate. The honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana stated that the very weak-
ness of this race, its very incapacity, was the
reason why it should have political power
placed in its hands in order to protect and
defend itself. Sir, this power of government
should be placed in the hands of intelligence
and virtue if we have the wisdom and capacity
to piace it there. Because the Indians of this
country are weak in the presence of the white
man; because the Asiatics on the western coast
are weak in the presence of the white man,
and because the great" mass of the Africans m
the southern States are weak in the presence
of the white-men around them, that is no
reason why political power should be placed in
their hands. That is the difference between
the white race and the colored race. While I
admit, as the question of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts seemed to imply, that
there are some white men who are utterly inca-
pacitated to perform the high office of "taking
part in the Government of the country, they
are exceptions to-the general rule, whereas
with the African it is directly the contrary.
There are but a few of them that are capable
of taking part in the Government, and they are
exceptions to the general rule. A few among
them, if by any legislation you 'could select
those few, might take part without danger in
the Government of -the country.
But, sir, to give that power to the race, to
give it to them as a mass, is to demoralize
your Government; it is to sap' it at the foun;
dationa ; it is to strike down the bulwark upon
which liberty rests ; it is to Ho what has been
done in other ages and countries of the world—
to demoralize tne ballot by making it so uni-
versal among the-weak, the degraded, the
ignorant, the demoralized, that a designing
and ambitious man comes at last and rules the
empire with a rod of iron. It is so in France;
it was so in Greece ; it was so in Rome. Are
we to follow their example ? Are wo to cherish
it, and to shout at the top of our voices, " Uni-
versal suffrage without distinction of race or
color, to the negro, to the Indian, and to the
Asiatic?" Sir, extend your suffrage among
such a number of ignorant, demoralized masses
of men, and your whole liberties, Constitution,
and Government will go down together.
I am -not in favor of this proposition, and
for the further reason which I stated the other
day and which I shall not repeat now, of the
absolute necessity of defending the States in
their just rights underthe Constitution against
the gradual, insidious encroachments of the
Government upon them.
Now, Mr. President, one word more in ref-
erence to the good faith of this transaction on
the part of the majority. I am not speaking
of any particular person, fori mean no offense
to any one, and therefore I speak in general
terms of the majority. The pledge which you
gave to the people of this country, and upon
which you carried the election, and without
which you could not have carried it at all, was
this;
the Se^ioTof wffrSl"7al States proper!y belongs
That subject properly belongs not to all the
people of the loyal States, but to the people
or those States; -Now, sir, but two construc-
tions can be given to this language: one is
that each State shall decide for itself; or the
other construction, which is a forced one, the
people of the loyal States shall decide whether
negro suffrage shall- be established in those
States. .
If the people of all the loyal States were to
vote together and vote in one particular direc-
tion, they would not constitute three fourths of
the United States; they could not adopt the
constitutional amendment. Therefore it shows
how utterly fallacious this pretense is that you
meant in the resolution that you passed, that
it properly belonged-to the people of the loyal
States to determine who should vote until you
could get an amendment of the Constitution to
take it away. You did not mean any such thing.
Mr. NYE. Will the- honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is it on this point, in
regard to this resolution?
Mr. NYE. Yes,sir; it is whether the hon-
orable Senator has the right to raise the ques-
tion of good faith at all as between others and
that platform. He was not fooled by it. If
there was any fooling it was in another direc-
tion. The honorable Senator has no business
with it. He was 110 party to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, to my
facetious, able, eloquent friend from Nevada
I will respond most cheerfully. I was not
fooled by this platform. I saw it as it was
then, as I see it now—that it was a double-
faced thing; that it looked with a black face to
the South and with a white face to the North.
Mr. NYE. Then, I submit that the honora-
ble Senator has no right to complain of bad
faith, for almost anybody could see it as clearly
as he did. Nobody was misled by it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will show the honor-
able Senator wherein the bad faith consists.
This white face which it put on toward the
North was in fact nothing but a mask; the black
face was under it, and they are now pulling
off the mask. That is where the bad laith is.
They intended to make the people believe that
the white men of the States of the North should
have the power to control suffrage in each State
for itself. That is what they meant the people
of the North to understand. They wore a white
face toward the North. They put on this white
mask to make the people think so. Now they
come here, and the mask is thrown aside, and
they say "We did not mean that you should
regulate suffrage for yourselves; we did not
mean that theStateof Connecticut should have
negro suffrage or not just as she chose; we
meant that if the State of Connecticut did not
want negro suffrage, Massachusetts, Vermont,
and Rhode Island should force it on to her,"
or in the same proportion. They did not mean,
when they said to the people of New York
"You shall determine the question of suffrage,
whether you will have negro suffrage or not,
for yourselves but they meant "New York
shall have the right to control it until we can
take it away from her; we said in our plat-
form it properly belongs to you." Then how
can you properly take it away? If anything
properly belongs to me, how can you properly
come and take it away from me ? That is the
question. It is a very simple question. If it
is proper for me to have it, it is not proper to
take it away from me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not follow,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It follows necessarily.
In order that they would be satisfied to vote
your ticket you meant to have the people of
the North understand that while negro suffrage
should be forced upon the South it was to be
left to be settled by the people of the North,
each State for itself. You knew very well that,
growing out of the excitements of the war, and
the passions and hatreds and prejudices enkin-
dled against the people of the South, you could
appeal to thepeople of the North to say "Well,
it is good enough for those rebellious rascals of
the South to force negro suffrage upon them ;
but as to forcing it upon the loyal people of
the North, we -have not the slightest intention
of doing anything of the sort."
My iMpnorable frjetid from Massachusetts
[Mr. SumweeJ sa*w the resolution as it looked
then, with its double face to the North and
South. He denounced it here yesterday on the
floor; and,. Mr. President, while I differed with
him for many years,- differed fundamentally,
differed earnestly; and have had many earnest
discussions with him, I have to say that that
Senator above perhaps any other Senator has
always frankly stated here j ust what he believed.
He states that this resolution was an unfor-
tunate, dodging resolution, double-faced, two-
sided, wearing a mask toward the North, show-
ing a white face northward, a black face
southward, a mere political dodge to tide over
the election. He denounced it then ; so did
the brave old man then living and now dead,
in the House of Representatives. Thaddeus
Stevens denounced it as a fraud. Mr. Presi-
dent, I will not use such strong language as
that, although I will say that I think there was
a little want of that frankness toward the peo-
ple of the United States which I think is becom-
ing in a political platform, of a great and a suc-
cessful party.
Mr. President, I will not detain the Senate
any longer on this particular amendment.
There are a multitude of other amendments
coming up, and I may be compelled to take
some part in their discussion hereafter; but
on this particular amendment I will not detain
the Senate any longer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert:
Citizens of tho United States of African descent
shall have the same right to vote and hold office in
States and Territories as other citizens electors of
the most numerous branch of their respective Legis-
latures.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Senator Dixon de-
sired me to say that he was paired off with my
colleague [Mr. Morton] and the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.]
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. On this question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the general result.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know exactly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it may be con-
sidered a pair on this. I will not venture to
vote on this question, as Mr. Dixon is absent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I was
requested to state that on the passage of the
resolution the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] and the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] had paired with the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon.] They would vote
for, and Mr. Dixon against the passage of the
resolution.
The question being taken byyeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 85 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin,Perry, Harkm,Howard, Norton, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton. Wade,
Welch, and Williams—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buckatew, Cam-
eron, Cattcll, Doolittle, Drake. Edmunds, Freling-
huyscn, Hairis, Hendricks, Howe, Kellogg, Mc-
Creery, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsey, Rico. Saulsbury. Sawyer, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Srewart, Trumbull. Van Wmkle, Vickers, War-
ner. Whyte, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—35.
ABSENT — Messrs. Conlcling, Conness, Davis,
Dixon, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Mor-
ton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson, Ross, and
Sprasue—15,
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is now on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. WARNER. Is my amendment now in
order ?
ThePRESIDENTpw tempore. An amend-
ment to the amendment is now in order.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to move a substitute
for the whole proposition.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to strike out all after " section one"
and to insert the following :
The right of citizens of the United States to hold
office shall not be denied or abridged by the United
