1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
thousand works; also a collection of engrav-
ings illustrative of the progress and early his-
tory of the art, both of which it has transferred
to the Library of Congress. It is not alone
the present value of the books which it has
placed in the possession of the Government,
but also that of the perpetual continuation of
the several series contained therein.
The institution has continued to render im-
portant service to the Government from its
first organization until the present time by
examining and reporting on scientific ques-
tions pertaining to the operations of the dif-
ferent Departments, and in this way, particu-
larly during the war, it is not too much to say
that it has saved the United States many mil-
lions of dollars.
Let me say one word more before leaving
this subject. As I have shown, the real pur-
pose of the donation of Smithson which the
Board of Regents have tried to promote as well
as they could was to extend and circulate
means of scientific information; and the man-
agement of the institution has always resisted
the tendency to keep up and increase this mu-
seum at the expense of this fund.
Recently the institution has given over to
the Library of Congress a collection of fifty
thousand volumes, constituting probably the
most perfect scientific library in the world.
But we are still charged as an institution with
the cost of this rapidly-increasing museum.
Now, the Regents would be glad if Congress
would take this museum off their hands and
provide otherwise for the care of it. It is a
charge imposed upon the institution by law,
a charge which it never sought and is not
desirous to retain. At the time when this
museum was first placed in the custody of the
institution it cost but $4,000 a year to keep
it in the Patent Office. Now the care of that
museum costs three times that amount. I hope
therefore that the committee will vote §10,000
instead of S4,000 for this purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I am very
sorry to find the Smithsonian Institution among
the leeches that are all the while crying to the
Treasury of the United States, " Give, give !"
The Smithsonian is a wealthy institution. The
Government of the United States is continu-
ally paying it gold interest on the large fund
belonging to the institution ; but the institution
is not willing to bear this little additional ex-
pense, as it is called, from its own means, but
wishes to obtain the money from the public
Treasury. The men who pay the taxes must
contribute this additional sum to this wealthy
institution.
^ Sir, we have loaned to that institution the
National Museum. We have paid the institu-
tion for a series of years $4,000 annually in
cash for taking care of that museum. The
institution has been content with that sum
heretofore ; but now it comes in and asks an
appropriation of $10,000 for this purpose.
Sir, we had better take away the museum from
the care of that institution. I had almost said
we had better throw it into the Potomac than
be constantly paying these increased demands
from the Smithsonian Institution. That is the
light, in which the committee have viewed the
subject; and in that light they protest against
this increase.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the public lands in Dakota Terri-
tory, including the lands along the Red River of the
North, at rates not exceeding ten dollars per mile
for standard lines, seven dollars township and six
dollais for section lines, §15,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
strikiugoutin the paragraph justread the words
''including the lands along the Red river of the
North."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal
mile tor standard lines, &ix dollars for township and
five dollars for section lines, $40,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out after the
word "Nebraska" the word "Territory."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAFFE. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out the word " six " and in-
serting "seven," and by striking out "five"
and inserting " six;" so that the paragraph will
read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska, at
rates not exceeding ten dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, seven dollars for township and six
dollars for section lines, $10,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose in this
amendment that the aggregate amount appro-
priated for this surveying shall be increased. I
simply propose that the rate of payments shall
be increased so that the contracts can be let.
I propose to allow the same rate that is allowed
in Minnesota and in Dakota Territory. I am
informed and believe that the surveyor general
cannot let the contracts at the rates named in
the paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Colorado, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township and ten
dollars for section lines, $30,000.
Mr. CHILCOTT. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out "$30,000"
and inserting " $60,000."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Idaho, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for standard
lines, twelve dollars for township and ten for section
lines, $15,000.
Mr. STOVER. I move to strike out " fif-
teen " and insert "twenty-five," so as to in-
crease the appropriation to $25,000.
I see, Mr. Chairman, that the appropriation
for surveying the public lands in Montana Ter-
ritory is $25,000, and that the appropriation
for surveying the public lands in Utah Terri-
tory is $25,000. I think that Idaho equals in
importance either of those Territories for which
these appropriations are made. I do not see
why the same sum should not be allowed to
Idaho, and I have therefore moved the amend-
ment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 27, noes 38, no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLBROOK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stover, and
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 63, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Nevada Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding filteen dollars perlineal
mile for standard hues, twelve dollars for township
and ten dollars for section lines, $40,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike out the
word "Territory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per lineal mile for stand-
ard lines, twelve dollars for township and ten dollars
for section lines, $i0,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to add the follow-
ing:
Provided, That for surveying the timberlands lying
west of the coast range of mountains the same pay
may be allowed for township and section lines as is
allowed for standard lines.
I am told that the nature of the country
demands that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in Utah Territory,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township and ten
dollars for section lines, $25,000.
Mr. SPALDING. By some mistake that
appropriation has been printed $25,000. It
ought to be $10,000, and 1 move to reduce it
to that sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in the Territory of
Wyoming, at rateg not exceeding fifteen dollars per
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for township
and ten dollars for section lines, $15,000.
Mr. DODGE. I move to increase that appro-
priation to $25,000. There is not an acre of
land, not a standard line or a township line
yet surveyed in the Territory of "Wyoming,
This would not survey a single acre and put it
in the market. A large number of settlers wish
to enter their lands, but this amount would not
run the base lines and the township lines. The
other amount would subdivide some and allow
the lands to be entered on the east base of the
Black Hills.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying that part of the eastern boundary of
Colorado Territory which lies between the thirty-
seventh and fortieth parallels of north latitude, es-
timated two hundred and ten miles, at rates not ex-
ceeding twelvo dollars per mile, $2,520.
Mr. CHILCOTT. I move to strike out all
after the word " miles," in line five hundred
and eighty, down to the word "dollars," in
line five hundred and eighty-one, and in lieu
thereof to insert "at rates not exceeding thirty
dollars per mile, $6,300."
Mr. Chairman, I presume the committee is
aware that a boundary line cannot be made
with the proper monuments for twelve dollars
per mile. It cost the Government sixty dollars
per mile to survey the line between New Mex-
ico and Colorado, and I observe that the com-
mittee have reported twenty-five dollars per
mile for the survey of the northern boundary
of the State of Nevada, and it most certainly
will cost as much to do the same work in
Colorado.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to amend
by making it twenty-five dollars per mile. I
undertake to say, and I think my statement
will be taken by any gentleman acquainted
with surveying in that locality, that it will be
absolutely impossible to run a proper bound-
ary line for twelve dollars per mile. I there-
fore hope the committee will make this increase
so as to have the survey done in a proper man-
ner.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the northern boundary of Nevada,
estimated three hundred and ten miles, at rates not
exceeding twenty-five dollars per mile, $7,750.
Mr. SPALDING. I am instructed by the
committee to move to insert the following:
To complete the survey of the western boundary
of Nebraska, $3,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House
and public grounds around them and around the
executive offices, $30,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to add at the end of this paragraph the fol-
lowing :
And the act incorporating the Washington Gas-
Light Company is hereby so amended as to prohibit
said company after July 1,1869, from receiving more
than twenty-eight cents per hundred feet of gas fur-
nished by it to the Government and thirty cents to
other customers, subject to a discount of not less than
ten per cent, on all bills for gas if paid at the office
of said company within live days after the rendition
thereof; and said company shall furnish gas of a
quality equal to that consumed in the city of Philadel-
phia.
Mr. MYERS. I raise the point of order that
this is independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I then
move to strike out the whole paragraph. I re-
gret that the gentleman should makethe point
of order on the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the amend-
ment just proposed and objected to merely
directs the method of spending this appropria-
tion contained in the paragraph to which it is
proposed to be added.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment proposes to amend the charter
of the gas company.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not understand it to
have that effect.
