1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1013
States or any State1 on account of property, race,
color, or previous condition of servitude; and every
male citizen of the United States of the age of twenty-
one years, or over, and who is of sound mind, shall
have an equal vote at all elections in the State in
which he shall have actually resided for a period of
one year next preceding such election, except such
as may hereafter engage in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, and such as shall be duly
convicted of treason, felony, or other infamous
crimes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Alabama to insert the word "nativity"
after the word " property."
Mr. WARNER. I will so modify it.
The amendment, as modified, was read.
Mr. COLE. I hope the word suggested by
the Senator from Ohio will be stricken out. It
seems to me it is not called for. The amend-
ment sought to be embodied in the Constitu-
tion is intended to meet the case of negroes.
They are native-born Americans. They differ
from other races. I think the word "nativity"
might as well be left out. Itis perhaps paying
some deference to a mere prejudice against the
Chinese, who will not become citizens in any
event. I think it had better be left out.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest that the vote be
taken on the amendment I proposed first, and
then, if it is adopted, the word "nativity" can
be inserted afterward on a separate motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would inquire of the
author of this amendment if he has carefully
considered its effect in the States? I suppose
that if this is made a part of the Constitution
every citizen will have an equal right to vote
with every other citizen in every school dis-
trict and in every municipality and in every
sort of an organization that may exist in the
States. Theu there is another election, the
election of United States Senators, which may,
perhaps, be reached by the general term "elec-
tions" here employed. It seems to me that it
is dangerous to say by a provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States that in all pos-
sible or conceivable elections which may be
held in the States for any local purpose every
citizen shall have an equal right to vote. There
may be elections held where it would operate
greatly to the injury of all concerned to let
every person have an equal right to vote.
Sometimes it becomes necessary to regulate
elections in school districts; persons who own
property in the district pay taxes, and it is
thought advisable sometimes that they should
have the control of the elections. I do not
undertake to justify such legislation as that,
but I say there is danger that we may put a
rule in the Constitution of the United States
that will produce great embarrassment in the
States. I am a little afraid to vote for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I thought
nothing would tempt me to say one word in
this debate on the constitutional amendment,
but Senators have already perceived the diffi-
culty we are approaching, and .we might as
well at once face the issue. There are five
different causes of exclusion from the right to
vote in this and other countries. The first is
race. This cause of exclusion has existed in
this country in nearly all the States until re-
cently. The second is property, and that has
existed in England since the foundation of
their Government. The third is religion, which
exists in almost all countries except our own.
The fourth is nativity, and that exists in nearly
all countries. The fifth is education, and that
is an experiment of ours, I believe, in Massa-
chusetts.
Now, Mr. President, if we are endeavoring
to settle this question once for all, I think it
would be wiser and better to declare that every
male citizen of the United States, native or
naturalized, above the age of twenty one years,
shall have the right to vote, unless he is ex-
cluded for crime; and that no State Shall
exclude any one from the right to vote because
of his race, because of his property or want of
property, because of his religion, because of
his birthplace, or because of the misfortune
of want of education. As this amendment
makes the nearest approach to that, I have made
up my mind to vote for it, or X shall vote fox
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson.] i I do not like to apply a
rule so narrow and limited as to guaranty
rights to the African race which we refuse to
the Asiatic race or to other races. I do not
wish to include the ignorant masses of our
southern population and exclude the partially
intelligent classes of the State of Massachu-
setts. I do not want to include the negroes
and exclude or allow a State to exclude for-
eigners who are declared to be citizens of the
United States under the laws of the United
States.
Therefore, it does seem to me that if we in-
tend to now prescribe a rule for suffrage in this
country, we ought to make it operate univer-
sally and withdraw from the States all power to
exclude any portion of the male citizens of the
United States, leaving them, if they choose, to
regulate the length of residence, whether fe-
males shall participate in the elective franchise,
atwhatagemalesshallvote, &c.; buttoexclude
from them all power to deprive any portion of
our male citizens above the age of twenty-one
years of the right to vote, unless where the
right has been forfeited by crime. If the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is voted
down and this amendment is voted down, theu
the next best proposition, I think, is that report
of the Committee on the Judiciary, which I
shall then vote for.
Mr. HOWARD. I have two objections to
this amendment. The first is that it proposes
to change the existing Constitution in refer-
ence to qualifications of President of the Uni-
ted States. If this amendment shall be adopted,
then that clause of the Constitution which re-
quires that the President of the United States
shall be a native-born citizen of the United
States is repealed, and any person who has
been naturalized and then become a citizen
of the United States will be eligible to the
office of President; and so of the members of
the Senate. Now, sir, for one I shall never
yield my consent to modify that clause of the
Constitution which requires the Chief Magis-
trate of the United States to be a native-born
American citizen. I think the fathers judged
wisely in annexing that qualification to that
office. I think the public safety requires that
the Chief Magistrate of the United States, at
least, be a native-born citizen.
Mr. WARNER. The Senator will allow me
to correct him. There is nothing in this amend-
ment which gives it the effect he attributes to
it. The question of inserting the word "na-
tivity" is not before the Senate. The question
is on the amendment as printed. I withdrew
the subsequent amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. " The right of citizens of
the United States''—that is, all citizens, native-
born and naturalized—"to hold office shall not
be denied or abridged by the United States on
account of property, race, color, or previous
condition of servitude." That is as to the right
to hold office ; and then, " every male citizen
of the age of twenty-one years or over, and who
is of sound mind, shall havean equalvote at all
elections," &c.
I have another objection to this which to me
is insuperable:
Every mate citizen of the age of twenty-one years
or over arid who is of sound mind, shall havean equal
vote at nil elections in the State m which he shall
have actually resided for a period of one year next
preceding said election, oxocpt?uch 11s may hereafter
engage in insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, and such as shall be duly convicted of treason,
felony, or other infamous crimes.
I am not prepared to carry the principle of
amnesty so far as is contemplated in this
amendment. There is a certain portion of the
recent rebels who, for one, I will never agree
shall participate in the administration of this
Government, directly or indirectly; men who
have forfeited all claim to our respect and our
credit by committing the double crime of per-
jury and treason against their country, delib-
erately, upon purpose, and with a view to de-
stroy our Government and our liberties. J.0
that proposition I never can agree.
The amendment is open to the further objec-
tion that it declares that the right of citizens
of the United States to hold office "shall not
be. denied or abridged by the United Stages
on account of," &c. That is in conflict with
the third section of the fourteenth-amendment
of the Constitution, recently adopted, which
provides that—-
" No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vi<ie Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil and military, under tho
United States or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support tho Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid and
comfort to tho enemies thereof."
This amendment is in direct conflict with that
clausc of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution, and I think it is rather prema-
.ture, after so short a period has elapsed since
the adoption of that amendment, to proceed to
repeat this and press it through. The haste is
rather too hot for me.
Tlierfe is another objection which I have also
to this amendment. It does by a plain impli-
cation give to the Congress of theUnited States
authority to fix and establish religious tests for
holding office—a measure which to my feel-
ings is very abhorrent, and one to which lean
never yield my consent, at all. The right, itis
said, of citizens of theUnited States shall not
be denied or abridged by the United States or
any State, &c., leaving the plain implication
that for any other causes or any other reasons
than those specified in the amendment the
Congress of the United States, the law-mak-
ing power, may erect a religious test and ex-
clude citizens of the United States from hold-
ing office. That is also in direct conflict with
one of the ancient clauses of the Constitution.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I do not
intend to prolong this discussion at all, but I
want to call the attention of the Senator from
Michigan to the fact that he has entirely mis-
understood the purport of this amendment, as
I tliink he will see on examination. It does
not provide that rebels may hold office. It
simply provides that the rights of citizens who
hold office shall not be denied on account of
property, race, color, or previous condition.
They may be denied for rebellion or crime, or
for other cause, and that does not at all reach
the point to which the Senator alludes.
Then as to the implication that the right to
hold office may be denied for other causes, that
objection lies against every form of amendment
that is now before the Senate and the one
offered by the Senator from'Michigan himself.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. WARNER. By protecting a single class,
those of African descent, the implication is as
broad that others may be disfranchised.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
Mr. WARNER. But I rose simply to call
attention to the fact that this does not interfere
with the provision of the Constitution which
prevents from holding office those who have
held office before and taken an oath to support
the Constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS.- Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WARNER. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The States ordinarily pro-
vide that persons to vote in counties and cities
shall have a cerlain local residence. I he laws
of the State of Oregon require that a nian shall
reside in the county three months before he is
entitled to vote there for county offiaers, and
he is required to live in a city a certain length
of time before he can vote there for the city
officers. Does not this amendment as pro-
posed abolish all these regulations and restric-
tions imposed by the State Legislature and
allow any man in the State who has resided
there one year to vote wherever he offers his
vote without being subjected to any local re-
striction as to residence or anything of that
kind ?
Mr. WARNER. 1 will say to the Senator
that I do not think there is anything in this
amendment that will interfere with the right of
