1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1765
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. In 1860
this House made an amendment to an appro-
priation bill limiting the price of gas to $3 35
per thousand feet. In 1862 Congress still
further reduced the price to three dollars per
thousand for the public and $2 80 for the Gov-
ernment. Those amendments came in upon
appropriation bills precisely, I suppose, as this
does now. In 1864 the gas company came into
Congress and said the price of coal had ad-
vanced so much, to wit, to $13 88 per ton,
as was asserted, that it was necessary they
should have an advance in the price of their
gas. Accordingly, a law was passed in Janu-
ary, 1865, authorizing them to charge four dol-
lars per thousand feet to the public and a trifle
less to the Government. Now, sir, that reason
no longer exists. Instead of coal costing them
$13 88, as wasthen claimed, it can be had here
now for less than five dollars a ton; so it will
be perceived that there is the greatest reason
possible for this reduction. And, sir, there is
justice in the complaint of the people of this
city that an exorbitant price is charged for gas.
And I will say further, that the gas in this city
is the meanest that I know of in any city of
the United States. Therefore, in the amend-
ment I desired to offer, I proposed to reduce
the price of gas to a reasonable figure, fixing
the standard of the quality. I certainly hope
a matter so just to the people of Washington
will receive the favorable consideration of
this House. The Government itself is now
paying over one hundred thousand dollars a
year for gas.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYERS. I do not desire to discuss the
merits of the proposition with my friend. I
simply wish to state, although I did not think
the point was debatable, that this is sprung here
at a point where the parties interested are not
able to meet it. It is not appropriate in a bill
of this kind.
Mr. RANDALL. I make the point of order
that this whole discussion is out of order.
Mr. MYERS. I think my colleague is right;
but as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] was allowed to make a statement,
I desire to give my reasons for raising the point
of order. I am unprepared to combat what
my friend from Wisconsin has said.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
ask the gentleman what is the price of gas in
Philadelphia?
Mr. MYERS. The price is different in
various places. In some places it is as high as
four dollars per thousand feet, and here it is
but $3 40, with the Government tax of twenty-
five cents off. But we are not prepared to dis-
cuss the question now. The parties struck at
are not prepared, and the proposition is not in
order on this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohi'o. I would ask if
the Chair has ruled on the point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Cliair sustained the
point of order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
strike out the whole clause. It is perfectly
manifest from the remarks of the gentleman
who has just taken his seat that the price of gas
hero is too high, and if the gentleman makes
the point of order that we cannot legislate to
do justice to the Government and protect the
interests of the Government we can at least
furnish a remedy by withholding all pay; for
f/e are not bound to purchase gas or pay for it
vhen we do not buy it. I hope the committee
fill strike out this provision until this gas com-
pany shall come to something like reasonable
terms. The agents of the gas company are
always ready to maintain its rights and its inter-
ests, and it is our duty to stand by the interests
of the Government and see that the Govern-
ment is not fleeced. I hope the committee
will strike out the entire appropriation.
Mr. MYERS. I have only to say in reply
that I believe the price of gas is lower here
than it is in Philadelphia, and they have to
pay freight upon the coal here. At all events
these matters are worthy of discission. It is
proper that we should know the facts. I myself
am not fully in possession of them, and for that
reason, and for that alone, I insisted on the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move to
reduce the amountof the appropriation $1,000;
and I do it simply for the purpose of saying to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that gas can
be manufactured cheaper here than in Phila-
delphia, and that the price in Philadelphia,
New York, and Boston is only $2 50 per thou-
sand feet. Cumberland coal can be laid down
in Washington cheaper than it can in Philadel-
phia, and some of the best gas coal in the
country comes from the Cumberland mines.
Mr. MYERS. I ask my friend whether Cum-
berland coal is gas coal ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to add to the
paragraph the following proviso;
Provided, That no greater sum than $2 80 per one
thousand cubic feet shall be paid for the gas for
which this appropriation is made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
good as far as it goes, but it gives no relief to
the people of Washington city.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I presume that amend-
ment is in order. We certainly have a right
to limit this appropriation, and if we cannot
get at the root of the evil let us at least lop off
as much as we can. There is no question that
the Government is imposed upon by this gas
company, and not only the Government, but
the people of the city of Washington. There
is no question about that, and if the gentleman
makes the point of order and prevents our
legislating so as to relieve the people, let us
do what we can to protect the interests of the
Government.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If my
friend will allow me I will move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of moving in the
House to suspend the rules to enable me to
offer the amendment which I proposed and
which was ruled out of order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It must be apparent to
the gentleman that there is not a quorum in
the House and a division would cause a break-
ing up of the committee. I hope we shall vote
on this amendment.
Mr. KOONTZ. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Missouri;
and I do so for the purpose of stating that this
whole question was before the Committee for
the District of Columbia at the last session,
and upon investigation we found that in forty
of the principal cities of the United States the
average cost of gas is $3 83 per one thousand
feet, and I believe that gas is now being manu-
factured and furnished here as cheaply as it
can be considering the cost of transportation.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. Benjamin's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Iwithdrawthe
motion to strike out the paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
For refurnishing the President's House, $25,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
clause just read by striking out "$25,000'' and
inserting " $40,000." 1 make this motion for
the purpose of inquiring of the gentleman who
has charge of this bill why the amount appro-
priated for this purpose is limited to $25,000 ?
If I remember aright this sum was appropri-
ated at the commencement of President Lin-
coln's administration, in 1861, for refitting and
refurnishing the President's House. It was
found, however, that that sum was not sufficient
for the purpose, and another sum of an equal
amount was appropriated, I believe. And also
at the commencement of the present Adminis-
tration a larger sum was found necessary for
this purpose than is here proposed. I would
inquire if a less sum is required for the incom-
ing Administration than was required for the
present and the last Administrations ?
Mr. SPALDING. We have complied with
the estimate. The usual estimate at the com-
mencement of every quadrennial period is
$25,000. _ At the commencement of the pres-
ent Administration we were obliged, under
peculiar circumstances, to appropriate for this
purpose somewhere from sixty to eighty thou-
sand dollars. But at the present time the house
and the furniture are in a very fair condition ;
in a very good condition compared to what they
were four years ago, and the Committee on
Appropriations believe—they have no reason to
believe to the contrary—that $25,000 will be
ample for this purpose at the present time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend by inserting
the following after the clause last read:
For the purchase of a portrait of the late President
Abraham Lincoln, to beplaeed in the Executive Man-
sion, $3,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary:
Provided, That said portrait shall be selected by the
incoming President of the United States.
I desire to say but one word in support of my
amendment. I believe the late President, Abra-
ham Lincoln, is the only one of all the Presi-
dents of the United States whose portrait is
not now in the White House. My amendment
provides that the incoming President, General
Grant, shall select such portrait of President
Lincoln as he may deem proper, to be placed
in the White House, provided it shall not cost
over $3,000.
The amendment of Mr. Logan was adopted.
Mr. SPALDING. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to offer the fol-
I lowing, to come in immediately after the amend-
\ ment just adopted:
! For the rcpair and preservation of the mansion of
George Washington, now the property of the Mount
Vernon Ladies' Association, to be expended under
the direction of the officer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds, $7,000.
I suppose this amendment needs no expla-
nation from me.
The question was taken upon the amendment
ofMr. Spalding; and on a division there were—
ayes 35, noes 34; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding and
Mr. Cobb were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 56, noes 62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I renew the amendment just
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding,] except that I make the sum to be
appropriated $6,000.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. PAINE. My point of order is that the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Phelps] involves new legislation and is
not in order in an appropriation bill. There
is no law authorizing any such appropriation
as he proposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The Chair knows of no law
that requires the maintenance of Mount Ver-
non by the Government of the United States.
The Chair therefore rules the amendment out
of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. An appeal having been
taken, the question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of this com-
mittee?"
The question was taken; and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 903) granting a pension to
Horace Peck, of Charlton, Massachusetts ;
An act (S. No. 904) granting a pension to
Benjamin T. Raines, of Indiana;
An act (S. No. 906) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Clarke;
