1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE:
February 8,
& State to > establish periods of residence for
local officers. The amendment only provides
that every citizen who shall have resided one
year within the State immediately preceding
the election shall have ad' equal vote. The
State may provide as to certain officers that th^y
shall reside in a certain locality, and that the
electors shall have a residence for voting pur-
poses for any Period not exceeding one year.
Mr. CRAuIN. Is it not in order to offer an
amendment to that amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not at
present. There is an amendment to an amend-
ment pending.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Alabama whether his pur-
pose is to pass an amendment to the Constitu-
tion which will work general amnesty to all
those who have heretofore been guilty of insur-
rection or have been convicted of treason ? I
see that the words are "hereafter involved in
insurrection."
Mr. WARNER. I may say that the effect
of it would be, as the amendment stands, to
prevent the disfranchisement of men for par-
ticipation in the rebellion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then that constitutional
provision would repeal the law we1 haV6 her6
that excludes from this body and from the
other House men like Jeff. Davis and John
Slidell.
Mr. WARNER. Oh, no.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly; the right to
hold office.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not this propo-
sition.
Mr. WARNER. It only relates to voting.
All it saya in regard to right of holding officer
is that it shall not be denied or abridged on
account of property, race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not
propose lo prolong this debate or discuss the
merits of the particular amendment now pond-
ing. I am satisfied that no argument will avail
in this body to prevent the passage of this
amendment in some form, or as to effect its
particular object, the grant of the franchise of
suffrage to the negro race.
The fiat has gone forlh, and the fell spirit of
party, the bane of republics, lias decreed its
passage. 1 have yet the hope, however, that
many of even Republican members of the State
Legislatures will have sufficient sense of duty
to regard the confidence and good faith which
in allfree governments should always be main-
tained between the representative and his con-
stituents, and that they will decline in many of
the States to act upon the proposed amend-
ment without first ascertaining the wilt of their
constituents, and if that will is ascertained 1
have no fears as to the decision of the people.
Sir, the mode and time at which this amend-
ment has been introduced and the pressure for
its passage in the last month of an expiring
Congress show conclusively that it is intended
to fetter the people—to throw a chain around
the limbs of the giant while he slumbers.
Whether you succeed or fail in your object,
you may yet find that the people have more
than the single eye of Polyphemus, and when
the giant awakens many of you will seek in
vain to escape his just vengeance by creeping
under the bellies of sheep, like Ulysses and
his companions.
I shall make no further opposition to the
amendment in any form you may please to
mold it, beyond my negative vote.
_ Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, this propo-
sition of the Senator from Alabama is one of
universal suffrage and universal amnesty. 1
confess that 1 should like to feel myself author-
ized to extend amnesty and make it universal
now, and I shall take pleasure in doing so
whenever T can be convinced that the true
interests, the welfare, the safety, the public
peace of the country will justify it. The time
has not yet come when we can venture so far
as that. We have not fully justified ourselves
yet in imposing this restriction in our previous
legislation. 1 have not yet seen those fruits
meet for repentance to justify me in respond-
ing to the inclinations. of my feelings and my
heart. I therefore, while that feature remains
in the proposition of the Senator from Ala-
bama allowing those who have been so recently
engaged in a most terrible effort to overthrow
thfe best of all .Governments on the face of the
earth to be reintroduced into the political
control of the Government—I say at present
1 cannot bring myself to allow that to be done
if I can prevent it. Therefore, though there
are some features in the amendment of the
Senator from Alabama that meet my approba-
tion, while that feature of it remains I cannot
vote for it or for any amendment that contains
that proposition.
Mr. WHYTE. I merely desire to ask for a
division of thequestion. There are two propo-
sitions contained in this amendment. One is
regulating the holding of office, and the other
is regulating the right of suffrage. I desire to
divide the question and take the vote sepa-
rately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be done at this time. A motion to strike out
and insert is not divisible.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This amendment I had
not seen nor heard read until it was brought
before the Senate this morning, and in some
respects it is novel, different from any other
which has been proposed, and 1 beg leave for
a single moment to call the attention of the
Senate to its provisions and to its effect. The
first part of the section declares that the right
of citizens of the United States to hold office
shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or any State on account of property,
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
Perhaps the objection made by the Senator
from Michigan, that the effect of this would be
to allow a Pi usident of the United States to
be chosen who was not born in the United
States, may have some force, but that might be
prevented perhaps by an amendment to the
language. But there is nothing in this con-
tained which affects the fourteenth article of
amendment, as it is called, which qualifies the
right of certain persons who have been engaged
in the rebellion from holding any office. That
amendment would remain substantially the
samo as it is now. The fourteenth amendment
which inhibits the holding of office by persons
engaged in the rebellion is not affected by this
amendment,, and therefore, so far as the ques-
tion of universal amnesty is concerned, it is not
the necessary consequence of the adoption of
this amendment. It gives amnesty so far as
voting is concerned, but on the question of
holding office it gives no amnesty.
Mr. i'ESSENDEN. It overrules laws of
the Stat- e in existence.
Mr. DOOIjIXTIjE. It is the fact, so far as
voting is concerned, that it overrules the pro-
visions which have been inserted in many of
the constitutions of the reconstructed States
which forbid  
Mr. FESSENDBN. And Missouri and West
Virginia?
Mr. D00L1TPLE. Yes; and Missouri and
West Virginia, which forbid the right of voting
to persons who have been engaged in the rebel-
lion. In eflect it gives universal amnesty so
far as voting is concerned, but not so far as
office is concerned. This is the substantial
effect of this amendment, and while I cannot
favor an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States on this "subject, while I believe
it should remain with the States where it is
and ought always to remain, still I have no
hesitation in declaring that in my opinion the
proposition which is contained in this amend-
ment is the best proposition which has yet been
presented to the Senate, because while itforces
into the States of the North negro suffrage
where it does not exist now, it does give some-
thing which looks like some liberality or some
compensation or some immunity in the provis-
ion extending universal amnesty in regard to
the States of the South in spite of the restric-
tions which are contained in the constitutions
of such States. The two going together would
make an amendment more acceptable, in my
judgment; and .yet I- am not in favor and I
cannot vote in favor of any of these amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
I did not desire to take up the time of the
Senate, but in as short language as possible
state what, in my judgment, is the effect of
this proposition, and state my opinion as to its
comparative merits. I think it is a much more
acceptable proposition.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin says he would like to see some proposi-
tion that had something of mercy, something
of humanity. Mr. President, I do not think
that I am a very cruel and a very inhumane
man ; that my breast is filled with feelings of
revenge to any great extent. Mercy for whom?
Mercy on what consideration ? It is said that
here is a proposition that has something of
humanity in it! To whom is it proposed to
extend this right of suffrage? To men who,
he will acknowledge, without a jot or tittle of
justification, lifted their strong'right arms to
strike down the flag that protected him and
which his heart loved with its deepest and best
devotion ; men who, without any provocation,
have deluged this land themselves with blood
from one extremity of it to the other; who
have filled onr mountain homes and cabins
with distress and gloom, with widowhood and
orphanage ; men who have created a debt, that
is crushing the energies of this great people to
the very earth ; and yet, where do they stand
to-day? The property of not a single individual
confiscated; not one single individual thus guilty
punished for his crimes, but one or two of
them indicted ; and the prince of all now at
large upon the bail furnished by one of the lead-
ers of the Republican party. No punishment,
no confiscation ; all of them allowed to enjoy
their civil liberty; equal before the law, pro-
tected in their person, in their property ; and
now, when it is proposed to withhold from them
a little longer the political power which they
have heretofore abused, and when they hud
only used it to overthrow the Government, the
Senator from Wisconsin cries out agiiinst the
inhumanity of such a proposition. Sir, such
clemency was never written on the page of
universal history before. Such mercy has never
been displayed by any Government that ever
had it in its power to punish traitors against
rightful authority. I think it is mercy to
restrain these men nnt.il we see that they are
willing and ready to yield dutiful obedience to
the Government, and not to put again in their
hands political power which they have already
abused, and who, for aught we know, may
abuse it again if they are intrusted with it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submitan amend-
ment, _to strike out section one and insert the
following:
There shall bo no discrimination in any Stat©
among the citizens of the United States in the exer-
cisc of the elective franchise in any election therein,
or in the qualifications of office in any State, on ac-
count of race, color, nativity, property, education,
or religious belief.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is now within half an
hour of the usual time of meeting for to-mor-
row, and in order to make the Journal read
correctly there should be an adjournment, and
I think, Mr. President, something is due to the
officers of the Senate. We are enabled to go
out and refresh ourselves, and we are enabled
occasionally to get a few minutes' sleep. These
gentlemen, who serve us faithfully, have been
here twenty-four hours continually, except
during the recess. I think we ought to adjourn
until twelve o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Give them more than
half an hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. Give them a chance to
get breakfast. They have not been able to
leave their seats. At twelve o'clock, when we
