1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
tion of the Senator from Missouri as a general
rule hereafter that Indian treaties shall be con-
sidered in open session, but where the Execu-
tive. who neonates them, thinks .the proceed-
ings should l)e kept secret, I think we should
retnin our existing rule.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am de-
cidedly in favor ot this resolution. It seems to
me there is nothing so unnecessary as closing
the doors and making the room uncomfortable
while we are considering an Indian treaty.
Besides, it is almost impossible when these
treaties are considered to get a quorum of a
Senate or a sufficient number to consider it to
stay, particularly when we have the summer
session. All are aware that most of the Sen-
ators leave, on account of the oppressive heat,
after the doors are closed. These treaties are
very long ; we do not even hear them read;
and if this treaty business with the Indians is
to be continued the treaties certainly ought, to
be considered in open session. As for myself
1 do not believe mu-h in Indian treaties. I
do not believe that there are any nations or
tribes of Indians of sufficient importance, suffi-
cient independence of character, and sufficient
amount of government and order among them-
selves now existing in the western country to
entitle them to be treated with. They are very
differently situated from what they were at the
foundation of our Government.. The eastern
tribes are better organized and they have more
responsible heads ; but the majority of the
Indians now are wandering bands, particularly
in the wild country, except a few Cherokees
and Choetaws and those of the Indian terri-
tory. The majority of the Indians with whom
we make treaties and are to make them are
wandering tribes, and undoubtedly in open
session facts would come out frequently show-
ing that the parties with whom yon were deal-
ing were after all quite irresponsible. At all
events, it seems to me that good might result
from this publicity; further information might
be obtained, and no harm could possibly arise.
Our negotiations with a few Indians cannot be
ot such a delicate character under any circum-
stances as to require secrecy. I think secrecy
is very detrimental in many cases where we
now have it. 1 am decidedly in favor of this
resolution, and think it will be a great improve-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. The resolution of the
Senator from Missouri proposes to amend the
thirty eighth rule. I will read the thirty-ninth
rule, which his resolution does not propose to
amend, in order to show that the one will be
in direct conflict with the other. The thirty-
ninth rule is as follows :
' 39. All confidential communications made by the
President of the United Slates to the Senate shall be
bv the Senators and theoflicers ot the Senate kept
htcix-t; and all treaties which uiaybc laid beloro too
Senate, and all renvirks and proceedings thereon,
shall also be kept secret."
Would not this rule have to be changed?
Then, the fortieth rule would also have to be
changed. If any committee will report a change
of the rules so as to make them in harmony
I will vote for this proposition. I do not care
anything about considering Indian treaties in
open session. I have no qbjection to that; but
I doinsitt that if one rule is changed they shall
all be changed, so as to be made hanuonioas.
Mr. DRAKE. If it is the will of the Senate
to adopt this proposition I will prepare other
amendments to obviate the objection now made
by the Senator from Kansas. I was not aware
tliat the adoption of this resolution would re-
quire the least change in any other rule ; but
if I should find it to be so, after this is adopted
I will immediately address myself _ to the work
of preparing the necessary modifications to
meet this change.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection to
the amendmentcontemplated by my colleague.
1 iise merely to make one remark in behalf of
the present Indian Committee. I desire to say
that so far as they are concerned every treaty
that has come before us has had proper con-
sideration, and that since I have been connected
with that committee no treaties of the charac-
ter alluded to by my colleague—land-stealing
treaties—have ever passed that committee, or
passed this body. 1 have nothing to say with
regard to treaties previous to the time I had
connection with the Indian Committee; but
since I have had connection with it I can
assure him and other Senators that every treaty
that has come there has been carefully^ scruti-
nized, and that no treaty of an exceptionable
character has passed that committee or passed
this body.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I desire
promptly and distinctly to say that iu the mo-
tion which I made I had notthe slightest inten-
tion of making any reference to the present
Committee on Indian Affairs, or to the chair-
man of that committee, that would involve any
implication unfavorable to them in that con-
nection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator from
Kansas is right in suggesting that this resolu-
tion ought to go to a committee in order that
if it be adopted, as very likely it may be—I
certainly have no objection to it—the analo-
gous and related rules may be so verbally
changed as to tnake them all stand in harmony.
Il will not occasion any delay. I move, there-
fore, that this resolution be referred to the
Commit tee on the Revision of the Laws, which
is the most appropriate standing committee
that we have to revise this subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire merely to say
that I shall vote with my friend from Missouri
for this proposition so soon as it can be made
harmonious with the other rules, but not be-
fore. I think it should be referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting at the end these words:
" except where the same shall be transmitted
as confidential by the President."
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion to refer is
first in order.
Mr. DRAKE. I have no objection to the
reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. CONKLINGr. 1 rise not to make ob-
jection to the proposed reference, but to sug-
gest that any committee to which it is referred
ought to act in the light of some expression
from the Senate on the main question. The
proper mission of a committee is to adapt this
resolution to the rules as they stand, or else
to adapt other rules to this. That is ^all, I
take it, that is needed of any committee. That,
it will bo perceived, does not go at all to the
main question, whether it bo the judgment and
pleasure of the Senate that these treaties shall
hereafter be considered as open legislation is,
or whether they shall remain, as now, part of
the executive and confidential matter of the
Senate. Therefore, I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Vermont that if he will accom-
pany his motion to refer with some instruc-
tion, one way or the other, which will enable
the Senate, to express its judgment upon this
question, it will expedite the conclusion of
the matter, and I should be very glad that it
might be so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should not wish to in-
struct the Committee on the Revision of the^
Laws any more than any other committee of
this body. We always refer projects that the
movers of them certainly expect to have car-
ried to committees without any preliminary
expression of the direction we expect the pro-
ceeding to take. It is impracticable in a body
that has committees, as a rule, to undertake to
decide beforehand what a committee is to do;
and after what has been said in debate hete, I
am sure the Committee on the Revision ot the
Laws, which brings fresh talent to the labors
of legislation—as I believe this is the first sub-
ject that has yet been referred to it—will be
enabled to reflect the opinion of the Senate by
reporting upon this resolution, after what has
been said, favorably; or whether they are m
favor of it or not, they can report it with such
suggestions of amendment, if it is to be adopted,
as will make it perfectly satisfactory to every-
body; and so I hope it will be referred with-
out any further occupation of time.
Mr. CONKLJNG. The response of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont is so entirely
satisfactory, and so clearly instructive and to
the point 1 suggested, that it is very unrea-
sonable in me, no doubt; not'.to -be entirely
satisfied; hut, notwithstanding the copious
instruction and satisfaction which he affords,
I venture to press for one moment this sug-
gestion : everybody will see that it is no part
of the Senator's purpose in referring this pro-
position to a committee to obtain from the
committee its judgment upon the propriety of
reaching a given end, but only to have the com-
mittee devise a mode by which this object can
be properly and systematically attained. If the
Senator is serious iu wishing to refer this pro-
position to the committee he names, or any
other committee, for the purpose of obtaining
the judgment of that committee upon a ques-
tion which I submit is quite transparent us it
stands, because it presents a single point which
lias long been the subject of reflection here—
if, nevertheless, he is serious in saying he
wants t.he judgment of a committee on that
question, of course I shonld not like to be
understood as interposing any objection; but
in point of fact we all know that that is not
the purpose. The purpose is to adapt these
rules to each other, if the rule itself which is
now proposed is to be adopted. Therefore,
I move as an amendment to the motion to
refer that the committee be instructed to re-
port the resolution back with such amend-
ments to the resolution or to the standing
rules as will enable the Senate properly to con-
sider these treaties in public.
Mr. GRIMES. During the time that I have
been here, and, as 1 have be^i told frequently
by those who were much longer in the Senate
when I came here, from the foundations of the
Government to this time, a resolution has never
been passed instructing one of thecoinniiuc-e-,
of this body. The object of a reference to a
committee is to enable them to consider the
subject and report their judgment, and then-
judgment alone, and tlio Senate is presumed
to act upon it. I apprehend this reference to
the committee is not alone to adopt such verbal
phraseology as may be made necessary by this
proposed change, but to come to what is a just
conclusion in their judgment as to what we
should do in the future, to establish what
should be the future practice. I trust, there-
fore, that we shall not pass any resolutions of
instruction, but refer the whole subject to the
committee and let them report whether or not
they think it advisable for us to change our
rules—a question about which there are very
strong arguments on both sides.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws with cer-
tain instructions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for a division of
the question. Let us vote on the instructions
separately.
Mr EDMUNDS. The instructions will have
to be voted on separately, as I do not accept
them as an amendment to my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on instructing the committee.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes four,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion to refer the resolution
to the Committee on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 have just had placed iu my
hands for the first time, so as to examirfe
them, the rules which bear upon matters in
secret session, and I must be permitted to S' y
that I do not see any reason in the world for
referring this matter to a committtee in order
to reconcile the different rules with each other.
There is not. in the rules thirty-ninth or fortieth
anything which will be brought in conflict, with
the thirty-eighth rule, if amended as I propose.
They refer merely to proceedings in secret ses-
sion; but when you take the Indian treaties
