1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
meet, we shall have the morning hour, and at
one o' clock this will be the unfinished business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be after the
recess.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; we will not take a
recess, because then it will all be Monday's pro-
ceedings for two days, and that does not keep
the Journal right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can take a recess
again after we meet at twelve o'clock.
Several Senators. Move an adjournment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to adjourn
will bring us here in a half an hour, and it
seems to me it is right that we should take that
course. It does not delay the pendingbusitiess
in the least.
Mr. ANTHONY. It delays it only while it
gives usthe morning hour for morning business
between twelve and one o'clock, and Ipresume
if the Senator from Nevada desires to go on
without the morning hour nobody will object.
I will not, certainlv.
Mr. STEWART. If the understanding is
that we shall' dispense with the morning busi-
ness and go on with the constitutional amend-
ment at once—we are all tired and do not want
to go into the morning business—I shall not
object.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall agree to it, but
cannot speak for others. It will require unan-
imous consent.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1906) to establish the collection district of
Aroostook, in the State of Maine, and to more
accurately define the boundaries of'the district
of Newark, New Jersey, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, at eleven
o'clockandthirty-fiveminutesa. m., (Tuesday,
February 9,) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TijKSdat, February 9, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
business of last night.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to correct the Jour-
nal, and in order to make clear the correction
I wish to state that some days since, by general
consent, by contract on the part of individual
members of the House, the evening sessions
were set apart exclusively for the consideration
of the tax bill. The House was to take a recess
at half past four o'clock and reassemble again
at half past seven o'clock, the evening to be
exclusively devoted to the tax bill. Again,
yesterday, by universal conseut, in order to
oblige the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways aud Means, every-
body assenting without any suspension of the
rules, a contract was entered into that in lieu
of the tax bill the Army bill, and exclusively
the Army bill, should be the subject of consid-
eration last evening. These arrangements are
of great benefit to all members of the House
in continuous session, aud will relieve us from
the necessity of constant attendance upon busi-
ness which is almost impossible in the closing
hours of the session. The Speaker will recall
tiie fact that in order to have no uncertainty
about it in my own mind 1 approached him
and asked him if the Army appropriation bill
was to be the subject of debate in the evening,
and the exclusive subject, and he told me it
was. I see by the reading of the Journal that
the Speaker pro tempore decided that as it was
Monday—and this was but a general under-
standing or agreement, not using the word
contract—the general understanding or agree-
iD6iitwusci rule whicli tlic House could suspGud
at the evening session. In reply to that I wish
to state that the House did not hold that even-
ing session under the two-thirds rule, but by a
previous contract that nothing should be done
but the tax bill or the Army bill. In order
that those of us who were absent under that
agreement may not be compelled hereafter to
insist on the regular order of business and de-
mand at all times that the strictest rules shall
be observed, I hope that an enforcement of the
contract by the Speaker will be universally
agreed to, and that we will expunge from the
Journal the proceedings of last evening, other
than those relating to the Army bill.
Mr. KELSKY. What motion is before the
House?
The SPEAKER. A motion to correct the
Journal, which is privileged.
Mr. BROOKS. I see by the Globo that
two or three measures were acted on, one for
the sale of the steamer Atlantic, and another
for the redaction of Army pay. There was also
some movement for the annexation of Hayti
and San Domingo, and a concurrent resolution
concerning the electoral vote of the State of
Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point made by the gentleman from New York,
and will state to the gentleman that it the facts
supposed to be correct by himself were as
stated by him the point made would undoubt-
edly be correct. He has, however, been li d
into an error. The Chair sent for the Globe
while the gentleman was speaking, and will re-
fer to the proceedings of the House on Mon-
day, Februaiy 1, as reported in the Globe
of Tuesday, February 2.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
first moved on that day, being a day when the
rules might be suspended, to suspend the rules
for the purpose of considering the tariff bill
at evening sessions. Two thirds not voting in
the affirmative that motion was rejected. After
some other intervening business, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] moved to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of considering
the internal revenue bill. The Chair reads'
from the Globe:
"Mr. Sciiekck. I therefore move that the rules
be suspended tor the purpose of holding evening
sessions, beginning with to-morrow evening, to con-
sider in Committee of the Whole the internal revenue
hill- , -r-r,
"On the motion there were—ayes 18, noes Jj>.
"So (two thirds voting m favor thereof) the mo-
tion was agreed to.*'
The original motion, therefore, was not
agreed to by unanimous consent.
" Mr. Blaise. I move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of ordering that so long as the evening ses-
sions just ordered shall be continued the House will
take its recess daily at half past four o'clock p. m.
"The motion was agreed to."
The proceedings of yesterday are to be found
in the Globe on the gentleman's desk, aud are
as follows:
" Mr. Bl use. The chairman of the Committee of
Wa> s a nd Means, [Mr. SciiESOK,]notnowin his seat,
suggested to me that, inasmuch as their preparations
in regard to the tax bill arc not yet Quite completed,
the session of this evening be devoted to a continu-
ance of tho consideration of the Army bill, ihat
will be entirely agreeable to me if it is to the .House.
I therefore ask unanimous consent that the order ior
business for this evening be changed in accordance
with that suggestion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
"Mr. Boyer. Does that require unanimous con-
sent? T .
"The Speaker vro tempore, it does.
" Mr.Boyer. I object.
"Mr. Blaise. I move, then, to suspend the rules
for the purpose of making the order I h ave indicated.
"The motion was agreed to. (two thirds voting in
favor thereof;) and the order was accordingly made.
It therefore appears from the Globe that
when the House first ordered evening sessions
for the consideration of the internal revenue
bill, it was not done by unanimous consent,
but by a two-thirds vote; making it a rule
liable to be suspended like all the other rules
when a motion to suspend the rules can be
made. And when yesterday the order was
made as to the Army appropriation bill stand-
ing in lieu of the internal revenue bill, unan-
imoustconsent was refused, and it was done by
a suspension of the rules. The order not having
been made on either occasion by unanimous
consent, but under a suspension of the rules,
and thereby made a rale of the House, a sus-
pension of the rule& would se.t it aside for
the transaction of other business if made on
Monday.
Mr. BROOKS. Then the Chair was mis-
taken in the conversation I had with him when
he told me that the Army bill was to be con-
sidered in the evening.
The SPEAKER. The Chair always states
to gentlemen who come to'him and ask him
about the transaction of business what, in the
opinion of the Chair, .will probably be the busi-
ness transacted at a particular session. But
he cannot, of course, not having the power of
foreknowledge, predict that the regular order
of business will not be set aside by unanimous
consent, or if it be Monday, or during the last
ten days of the session, by a suspension of the
rules. When orders have been made by unan-
imous consent, as sessions for debate only, it
has been the customary ruling of the- Chair that
they cannot be set aside except by unanimous
consent. But when orders are made by a sua-
pension of the rules they can be set aside by a
similar suspension of the rules. The same
authority that makes an order can change it.
Mr. BROOKS. Then a contract is not to
be observed.
The SPEAKER. An order made under a
suspension of the rules is a contract, in the
nature of a rule, to be dispensed with by the
same authority that made it. All the rules are
contracts agreed to by the members for the
transaction of business, and can be suspended
at certain times.
Mr. BLAINE. With the permission of the
House I desire to make a brief statement in
regard to this matter. It was my intention,
and I so framed my motion yesterday, to admit
of the transaction of the very business which
was transacted last evening. I did so^upou
consultation with tho gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] to whom I said that
that business could be disposed of last even-
ing. I afterward made the same statement to
the gentleman from Towa, [Mr. Wilson,] in
whose charge that business was left by the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say that one hun-
dred and seven members of this House appear
to have been laboring under the same impres-
sion as my colleague [Mr. Brooks] and myself
and other gentlemen here, that there would be
no business transacted last night except in con-
nection with the Army bill. I desire to obtain
unanimous consent of the House that I may
be allowed to record my vote against the con-
current resolution in relation to the electoral
vote of Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent for that purpose, because
the rules expressly forbid his doing so. The
object of the gentleman cannot be accomplished
except by a suspension of the rules on some
day when it is in order to make such a motion
and when all rules can be suspended.
Mr. WOOD. Cannot the House, by unani-
mous consent, dispense with that rule?"
The SPEAKER. The Chair is expressly
forbid by the rules to entertain any request
for that purpose. i
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a personal explana-
tion, which will occupy but a few minutes.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent. , .
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order
of business.
enrom'f'd bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution of the following title ; when the Speaker *
signed the same:
Joint resolution (S. No. 171) in relation to
coast defense.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
same co'mmittee, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled joint resolution
