1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Atlantic to the Pacific, from the lakes and St.
Lawrence on the north to the Gulf of Mexico
on the south.
From its earliest history down to this time
the Government has exercised this power by
grants of lands, money, and by wise legislation
in creating, enlarging, and improving the
necessary ways of commerce, insuring rapid-
ity, safety, and cheap transportation of per-
sons aud property within States and through
States contiguous to. each other. Commerce
is the transfer of persons and property from
one place to another to effect the trade, sale, or
exchange of products aud properly of all kinds.
As time has rolled around the inventive genius
of man has brought forth a new power of move-
ment over the earth for the carrying of persons
and property. The iron horse now draws after
him over the railways which cover our country
as a net-work a vast commerce, and have
in a great measure driven into insignificance
the old channels known to the authors of our
Constitution. No man will presume to say
that the regulation of commerce only applies
to the means and channels known at that time,
and in the narrow spirit of construction say
that this power does not mean commerce over
the land carriage of the country. If such a man
can be found he must be living under the
teachings of the Camden and A"inboy or the
Baltimore and Ohio companies, or of that party
whose standard bearer declared coercion as
unconstitutional as rebellion.
The State of New Jersey, in which the Cam-
den and Amboy incorporation and railroad
exist, lays across the great highway running
from the commercial and financial center of
the country to many States and millions of
people ; laying as an obstruction to an im-
mense foreign and inland commerce, and
which is soon to flow in increased volume from
ocean to ocean, from India to Europe, across
our vast domain ; standing in the way of easy,
cheap, and time-saving channels for the vast
travel and traffic between the metropolis of
trade, of commerce, and of finance and that
of other States and cities and this capital,
the center of the political power of our coun-
try. This corporation under State authority,
which for years it has controlled, assumes the
exclusive right of railway travel and transfer
of property through and across that State, and
demands and receives a subsidy from every
person and pound of freight that passes over
her roads, as defiantly as the monarch demands
his royalty, and says to the millions of people,
your constitutional power "to regulate com-
merce" is not above but below the great
power of State rights as it exists in New Jer-
sey, controlled by a soulless corporation ; for
I am sure could the people of New Jersey
have a direct vote upon the question they
would recognize the justice of free commerce
to all the States and people, and would find
prosperity in additional railroads aud compe-
tition from within her own borders.
The Constitution says:
"So State shall, without the consent of Congress,
lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports ex-
cept what, may be necessary for executing its inspec-
tion laws, and all sucli laws shall Be subject to the
revision of Congress."
Again:
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress,
lay any duty of tonnage,'' &c.
It is said that this levy upon passengers and
freight is not impost or duty. What is it?
Direct taxation upon the people of the United
States, a violation of the Constitution and the
rights of all the people, cxcept New Jersey ; a
monopoly of the carrying trade, conferred upon
a corporation and road by that State, thus pre-
ventingthat healthy competition which insures
to the public safety, speed, comfort, and cheap
fare, all of which the advocates of special priv-
ileges and powers, yes, technical interpretaters
of the Constitution, forbid to the people at
large. We are a family of States, some older,
some younger, and more to come ; yet all are
to have e'qual advantages under the Constitu-
tion, and equal privileges as to commerce,
common defense, post offices, and post roads.
except as to distance and difficulty of, aceeas
and the necessary cost of transfer of persons
and property to and from the different States.
The Constitution says:
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
Certainly, then, no State has the right or
power under the Constitution to lay imposts
on the citizens of other States who are com-
pelled to cross her domain. Other States
occupy an equally important position for con-
trolling commerce, the public defense, and
transmission of mails, and will also claim a
royalty if Congress shall refuse to regulate this
claimed power where it exists. Our remedy is
to create and incorporate companies with power
to raise capital, secure the right of way, and
build roads from this city to New York, or
from such points in States, to and through other
States, as .the wants of the 'people demand.
Look at the condition of this capital, almost iso;
lated from the people outside, subject to great
annoyances and cost of time and money from
the want of competition ; andyet under a claim
of vested rights these incorporations hold the
people and country under impost and tax for
the benefit and use of their stockholders. The
power to provide for the "common defense of
the nation" confers the right and the neces-
sity of creating competing lines of railroads,
running from center to circumference of our
vast country, as a means of national defense and
safety in times of peril, thus furnishing cheap
and rapid transportation of troops and all the
materials and munitions pertaining to the na-
tion's safety and defense. The want of this com-
petition added largely to the delay, suffering,
and expense of suppressing the rebellion. The
creation of competing lines of railways is of
vital importance as an auxiliary means of
defense, and demands immediate action. By
them we overcome time and distance; we pre-
vent rebellion, or we speedly subdue it; we
shall ^prevent Indian barbarities and allay In-
dian wars; we bring extremes convenient to
each other, encourage social and friendly inter-
course, hasten emigration, binding the whole
people together in one family—one in agricul-
ture, manufactures, commerce, art, sciences,
mechanism, labor, and all the interest of our
common country.
This great power of commerce diffuses intel-
ligence, destroys prejudice, advances all inter-
ests, almost as general and as rapid as the rays
of light travel over and benefit the earth. "The
power to establish post roads" is another of
those powers sufficient for all time. No man
will claim that the mails can be lawfully held
in abeyance by the legislation or power of any
State, much less the power created by it on the
old idea of post roads; yet to-day nearly all
the post office business of the country in the
transportation of mails is only allowed and
performed by sufferance, by the railroads re-
fusing to enter into contracts as to time, safety,
convenience, or cost. This state of depend-
ence on the part of the Government must not
be allowed. This great element in the power
of government is for the people, and confers
benefits and happiness upon all equally ; it is
a great power for the diffusion of intelligence,
stimulating energy and action, aiding prosper-
ity; and when to it are added the telegraph,
equally free and equally cheap, and when the
shackles of State and individual obstructions
are stricken off then will be settled for all time
the question of regulating commerce, bringing
it into harmony with the other great powers
and duties of the Government,
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I do not oppose
this extraordinary measure in the interest of
any particular State or corporation. As re-
gards the special interests of the State of Mary-
land, I am satisfied that they are no more at
stake than are the interests of every State rep-
resented 011 this floor. So far as any capital
is expected to be made for this bill by the alle-
gation that it is a measure in the interest of
freedom of transit and trade as against mo-
nopoly, I charge that the pt-ssage of this bill
by Congress will fee the advent of ati era of
monopolies. So far as regards the travel be-
tween Washington and Baltimore, the monopoly
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad which has
heretofore existed will shortly terminate by
theaction of Maryland herself. Under a charter
of the Legislature of Maryland a corporation
has already been created under the title of the
Baltimore and Potomac Railway Company ;
and every mile of that company's road between
Baltimore and Washington is now under con-
tract. It is the rival of the Washington branch
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company.
Its road is the opposition road from Washing-
ton to Baltimore. Its president (Governor
Bowie) is the present Governor of Maryland,
and I make here, upon his authority, the same
statement that has already been made during
a recentdebate upon a similar bill latelypend-
ing in the Senate, that the Baltimore aud Po-
tomac company's railway will be completed
from Washington to Baltimore by the 1st of
January, 1870, unless its prospects are clouded
and its operations embarrassed by congres-
sional interference.
Now, sir, the very limited time which I have
placed at my disposal enables me simply to call
the attention of the House and the country to
what it is exactly that the House is now called
upon to do by the passage of this bill. 1 do not
think it possible that members have even ap-
proximately realized its full scope and effect.
It is nothing less—and a careful analysis of the
various sections will sustain the position—than
the inauguration of a system now, for the first
time in the history of this Government, which
looks to nothing short of the ultimate consol-
idation, under congressional auspices, of the
forty-two thousand miles of railway already
constructed in every StateofthisUnion,andthe
ultimate Federal control of the 83,000,000,000
of cap ital which has already been invested by
corporations and States in this vast net-work
of internal improvement. T say it is the in-
auguration of a system, for although this par-
ticular measure contemplates but the partial
application of the principle to the five States
of Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsyl-
vania, and New York, between two terminal
points upon one great route, the assumption
of power extends to the absolute claim of em-
inent domain over the soil of every State, the
absolute claim to enter upon, seize, and con-
demn the land of every freeholder in each
State deemed necessary for the opening and
construction of new lines of communication,
and, in addition, the complete control, regu-
lation, and mananagement of every mile of
railway in operation and every dollar of capi-
tal invested through the agency of one or mora
mammoth corporations, creatures of the na-
tional Congress.
It not only does that, but it goes further. It
wrests from every one of the thirty-seven States
of this Union all the jurisdiction their courts
now exercise over rights and remedies affect-
ing these lines of internal improvement, as
they come in contact with the citizens and with
the property of the various States. It absorbs
to the General Government and brings within
the sweep of the Federal courts that enormous
mass of jurisdiction, civil and criminal, at law
and in equity, over cases involving property,
liberty, and even life, which of necessity travels
with these great lines of intercommunication
wherever they penetrate society.
It does more—a consideration which I should
think would compel every man who wishes to
keep this Government as honest and as pure
as circumstances will permit to oppose any
such measure as this. It invites the lobbies
of thirty-seven State Legislatures to pack their
carpet-bags and move at once upon Washing-
ton. It concentrates these railroad rings, with
their intrigue, their log-rolling, and their cor-
ruption funds, at the seat of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and intrenches them in the corridors
of this Capitol. It exposes members of Con-
gress, not to danger, for they are pure and
innocent, but to the annoyance and importu-
nity of solicitation, aud subjects their stern and
