1868.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
65
several matters shall be acted on by unani-
mous consent. If there is an objection 
Mr. CONNESS. I do not so understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a rule estab-
lished the other day on which we are now act-
ing. _ We are reading these items over, and if
the indefinite postponement of any one of
these propositions is objected to then we pass
to the next one.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not an indefinite post-
ponement, I would remind the Senator, but a
motion to refer for consideration. I should
like to know whether the Senator objects to it?
If he does I will not press it.
_ Mr. SUMNER. 1 would rather this propo-
sition should stay where it is; but if the Sena-
tor has considered it earefully, and would pre-
fer to have it refefred to a committee, I shall
submit to his judgment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
motion to refer insisted upon ?
Mr. CONNESS. I think the resolution had
better be referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia t.o refer the resolution to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
The next resolution was a resolution of Mr.
Buckalew, to direct a contract to be made with
Richard Sutton to furnish a condensed or synop-
tical report of the proceedings and debates of
the Senate, submitted March 30, 1867.
The resolution was indefinitely postponed.
The next resolution on the Calendar was a
resolution by Mr. Scmner, for the expulsion of
Mr. Saulsbup.y, Senator from Delaware.
The resolution was indefinitely postponed.
The next resolution on the Calendar was a
resolution by Mr. Sumnee, proposing certain
conditions to the exercise of the pardoning
power, with a view of-'hastening the recon-
struction of the rebel States, submitted July 3.
18C7.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be postponed indefinitely.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is postponed
I wish to have it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, That the reconstruction of the rebel
States would be hastened and the best interest of the
country promoted if the President of the United
States, in the exercise of the pardoning power, would
require that every landed proprietor who has been
engaged in the rebellion, before receiving hispardon
therelor, should convey to the frecdmen, his former
slaves, a certain portion of the land on which they
have worked, so that they may have a homestead in
whiih their own labor has mingled, and thatthedis-
loyal master may not continue to appropriate to him-
self the fruits of their toil.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I ask the reference
of that resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It will be
so referred if there be no objection.
The next resolution on the Calendar was the
resolution, by Mr. Fowler, in relation to the
enforcement of the first clause of section four,
article four, of the Constitution, guarantying
a republican form of government to the several
States, submitted July 12, 1867.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we
are making very little progress by these refer-
ences. My object was to dispose of matter
that there was now no necessity for legislation,
upon. Now, the Senator from Massachusetts
has just had referred a resolution in regard to
the conditions upon which pardons should be
granted. The Senator from Massachusetts
knows very well that so far as the Executive
has the power to pardon it has been exercised
pretty freely, and there would be very little
land produced by inserting any sueh condition.
But, sir, I did not rise to discuss these matters.
The idea was that resolutions, the object for
introducing which had transpired, had better
40th Ooxe. Bd —No. 5.
a the/
be postponed indefinitely and not brought back.
If they are referred to a committee they will be
brought back and go on the Calendar again.
f Mr. CONNESS. It seems to me that the
disposition which is being made of.the majority
of these resolutions only exhibits the confidence
of the Senate in the honorable chairman and
his committee, and that he ought to be rather
pleased with them. I hope we shall refer every-
thing that is valuable to them, so that they may
have the opportunity to consider the matter.
execptitb session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless some Senator de-
sires to submit a proposition for the action
of the Senate I will move an adjournment. I
think we are wasting time. We can render
better service in the committees. I move, there-
fore, that the Senate adjourn. There is no
object in going through the Calendar in this
way.
Mr. CONNESS. I have some business that
I should like to call up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; then I with-
draw the motion. I understand there is execu-
tive business to be attended to, and 1 move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business. After an executive ses
sion we can resume legislative business if it is
desired.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After a short executive session the,
doors were reopened.
national debt.
Mr. CATTELL. I ask the consent of the
Senate to offer a resolution at this time. I
send it to the desk to be read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Hesolmtl, That the Senato receive with profound
regret the proposition of the President in his annual
message to repudiato a portion of tho national obliga-
tions, and regard this and all forms of repudiation as
a national crime. National honor requires the pay-
ment of the public debt in the utmost good faith to
all creditors at home and abroad, not only according
to the letter, but the spirit of the laws under which it
was created.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, it seems
to me that the extraordinary proposition con-
tained in the President's annual message,
favoring tho repudiation of the public debt,
should not go to the country without a pompt
and decided expression by the Senate ot their
unqualified disapprobation. And it is with
this view 1 otter the resolution just read.
Lest the full scope and meaning of this
passage in the message may have escaped the
attention of some Senators, I beg to read it
again in your hearing:
" It may be assumed that the holders of our secur-
ities have already l eceived _ upon their bonds a
larger amount than their original investment, meas-
ured by a gold standard. Upon this statement of
lacts it would seem but just and equitable that the
six per cent, interest nosy paid by the-Govermnent
should be applied to the reduction of tho principal
in senn annual installments, which in sixteen years
and eight months would liquidate the entire national
debt. Six per cent, in gold would at present rates
be equal to nine per cent, in currency, and equiva-
lent to the payment of the debt one and a hall times
in a fiaction less than seventeen years. This, in
connection with ail the other advantages derived
from their investment, would afford to tho public
creditors a fair and liberal compensation for tho use j
of their capital, and with this they should be satis- \
fled. The lessons of the past admonish the lender j
that it is not well to be over anxious in exacting j
from the borrowei rigid eomplianoo with the letter \
of the bond." |
Mr. President, here is a simple, plain prop- j
osition emanating from the President of the j-
United States in his message to Congress, and j
advocated as just and equitable, to pay to the ;
public creditor simply the interest provided j
for by law and stipulated in the bond tor a j
given number of years, and at the expiration j
of that period to repudiate the entire principal j
of the debt. It passes belief that a proposi- j
tion so monstrous as this, so disgraceful, in my ■
opinion, to the nation, so damaging to its credit j
at home and abroad, should emanate from the |
Chief Executive of this Government, whose |
duty it is to guard the honor and faith of the !
nation rather than to tarnish the one and to j
break the other. No man in the United States., I
so far as- my knowledge extends, has been
found hitherto bold enough to advocate open,
undisguised, and unqualified repudiation. So
indefensible a proposition as this has been
reserved for Andrew Johnson, as a fitting cli-
max to the wickedness and folly of his admin-
istration.
Mr. President, the people of the United
States will repudiate the repudiator. In point
of fact, they have already done* so. - At the
recent, elections the people of the United States
invested with all the executive and legislative
power of this nation the party which had the
manliness to declare against all forms of repu-
diation as a crime, and to assert that the obli-
gations of the national Government should be
paid in good faith to the uttermost farthing.
And, Mr. President, the people of the United
States will stand by their verdict. The debt is
a burdeusome one, unquestionably; but it will
be paid ; it will be paid manfully and honestly;
nay more, sir, it will he paid cheerfully, re-
membering that it is the final installment of the
price paid for the preservation of the glorious
institutions under which we live as a priceless
inheritance for out- children and our children's
children. I move, sir, that this resolution be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSEN DEN and others. Let us pass
it now.
Mr. CATTELL. I have not the slightest
objection.
The PRESIDIiNT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CATTELL. There seems to be a dis-
position to act on it now, and therefore I with-
draw the motion to refer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am entirely in favor of
the resolution, except that I should wish it to
state a little more specifically, so that, there
should not be any double construction put
upon it, what it moans. That resolution is in
the substantial, and for auglit, 1 know in the
literal, language of the Chicago platform ; and
there are certain good men in the country
claiming to be Republicans, claiming to be in
favor of national honesty, and probably being
so, who have maintained that the letter and
tho spirit of the obligation merely require us
to pay in something else, and not in money.
There are a good many such people who main-
tain that proposition. Therefore, in the face
of such a message as we have received, to
merely reassert an equivocal proposition would
amount to nothing at all. Let us, then, send
the resolution to the Committee on Financc,
who may report it to-morrow, as I hope, in
such language that it will mean, beyond equiv-
ocation or misconstruction, that we intend to
pay the public funded debt of the United States
in real money, in coin, or that we do not—one
or tho other. Let us get rid of the equivoque
which certain adroit, persons maintain is found
in the Chicago platform. To me there is no
equivocation in that,platform ; but a man who
really believes, as some men say they do, that
the letter and spirit of our obligation are sat-
isfied by paying only in what is called lawful
money, in greenbacks, can vole for that reso-
lution and stand just where he did before and
leave the question open, just as it was before.
If we are to say anything, as I am satisfied our
duty requires us to say something, let us say
that which is absolutely unequivocal.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to have the resolution
read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Unsolved, That the Senate receive with profound
regret the proposition of the President, in his annual
message, to repudiate a portion of the national obli-
gations, and regard this and all forms of repudiation
as a national crime. National honor requires tho
payment of the public debt in the utmost good faith,
to all creditors at homo and abroad, not only accord-
ing to the letter but the spirit of the laws under which
it was created.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, when a
resolution shall be passed on this subject, in
my opinion it ought to have legislative form ;
that is to say, it should be the expression of
opinion of the entire legislative body, both
