1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
incorruptible virtue to the schemes and ma-
nipulations of a combined horde of speculators
unprecedented in congressional experience.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCarthy. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CULLOM addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. McCarthy. i yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. Five minutes is not sufficient
time in which to discuss the constitutional
questioft involved in this measure. So I pass'
it with the remark that I can find nothing in
existing circumstances to call for or justify the
exercise of a doubtful power, and I warn gen-
tlemen that if they do not wish to concentrate
around Washington more rings and lobbies
than have ever been concentrated here before
they had better not pass this bill. If they do
not wish to subject every line of railroad in
the country to a system of black-mailing by
rings and lobbies coming before Congress and
proposing bills for lines to this point or that,
they had better pause before they inaugurate
the system now proposed.
This bill proposes to build a " military road."
We are not at war of likely to be. The com-
bined Powers of Europe have seen our power
so put forth that they will not venture to cross
three thousand miles of ocean to meet it, and
I think it will be some time before we have
another rebellion. There is no military neces-
sity calling for the exercise of this power. The
proposition contained in the bill to build an
air-line railroad is a fraud, and its alleged pur-
pose is defeated by one of the provisions of the
bill. An air-line railroad from Washington to
New York would run east of the present road
from Baltimore to Philadelphia, leaving Phila-
delphia to the west of it. An air-line route is
an impossible one. You cannot bridge the
friths and estuaries that intercept an air-line
between this city and New York. Does this
bill propose a road on that line? Let mo look
at one of its sections. I find that the seventh
section of the bill provides—
That to secure the said New York and Washington
railway from <1 an it or in time of war it shall cross the
rivor Susquehanna at somo point abovo tide-water.
Now, the departure of the present line from an
air-line is that it goes too far west, and under the
false pretense that England or France or Cuba,
may be, or Spain or Belgium, may come, and
having sunk our monitors and vanquished our
armies attack this road, your air-line is to be
built iu the shape of a letter X or S and to cross
the Susquehanna at a point above tide-water.
The bill contains no limitations upon the pow-
ers of this corporation. You make it absolute
over the States of Maryland, Delaware, Penn-
sylvania, and New .Jersey, All that the bill
requires is that the road shall run through all
or any of these Stales. I am unwilling that
the city I represent, in which there are nearly
a million inhabitants, shall have its highways
subjected to the control of the board of di-
rectors of any railroad company, so that they
may, under the express provisions of this bill,
alter the grade of any street and run steam
cars through any of them. In the name of
the more than eight, hundred thousand people
of Philadelphia I appeal to yon, if you are
going to exercise this doubtful power, to throw
around their rights some of the ordinary legis-
lative guards.
The road, if built, will be an "air-line,"
running in a zig-zag, and will avoid the great
centers of trade between Washington and New
York. It is a job. It is a provision for the
incorporation of a number of unprofitable
roads into one and a sacrifice of the interests
and rights of all save the stockholders of these
roads; and it is to be enacted just when the
great want which we have always felt is being
supplied.
I grant that the conduct of the Baltimore and
Ohio road in refusing to make connections with
other roads is a great hardship. I am ready to
remedy it by the law proposed in the last Con-
gress c'omp'elling roads running to State lines
to connect with roads of other States. Bat this
is not necessary in this case, "as the Potomac
and Baltimore road is nearly completed and
will enfranchise travel from the monopoly
hitherto maintained by the Baltimore and
Ohio company.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McCARTHY. Inowyield five minutes
to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair.]
Mr. BLAIR addressed the House in favor
of the bill. [See Appendix.]
Mr. McCARTHY. I propose to yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Twicheix.]_ I would
inquire of the Chair how much time I have
left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has ten
minutes remaining of his hour.
Mr. McCARTHY. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Twichell.]
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker, I have no
doubt that Congress has the power to destroy
the present line of railroad with its thirty mil-
lions of property. But is it expedient to do
so? I think not.* What has this line done to
deserve this treatment at the hands of Con-
gress ? It is said that the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad does not make connections with the
Northern Central for the West, and western
members are thereby influenced to vote in favor
of this bill and against that road. But the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad, already char-
tered and nearly constructed, will remedy that
evil, and western members will have the benefit
of that connection besides the Point of Rocks
cut-off—a road now being built by the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad. Therefore it is not
necessary to pass this bill for that purpose.
It is said that the States lay a tax on these
roads, and that is urged as a reason why Con-
gress should grant this charter. Now, is not
that a reason why Congress should not grant
it? If the States impose this burden 011 the
roads, surely Congress ought not to impose
any additional burden on that account. The
roads should rather be protected than injured
or destroyed by the acts of Congress.
Allusion has been made to the business upon
this line of roads during the rebellion, and it
is alleged that the facilities afforded were insuf-
ficient for the necessities of the Government.
At the commencement of the war these roads
had but a single track ; they were insufficiently
equipped for the emergency, and their manage-
ment was divided. Since that time another
track has been laid at the cost of $5,200,000 ;
it is now well equipped, $380,000 having been
expended for new cars, and the line is now
under one management—a management which
I know must be entirely satisfactory when fully
developed. In order to show the amount that
has been expended during the last six years by
this line, I desire the Clerk to read the state-
ment which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Memoranda.
"Cost, in round figures, of somo improvements
atready made in past six years:
Second track now eompleto for ontire two hundred
and twenty-eight mites, excepting eight or ten insile
through towns and bruises $5,200,000
Straightening and shortening of track near
Baltimore  125,000
Bridge over Susquehanna  2,100,000
Connecting railway around Philadelphia.. 2,-100,000
Junction railroad .     985,000
Improvements now going on. and only par-
tially executcd.new property on both sides
Hudson river, New York, and Jersey City,
for now terminus of the line    1,600,000
New bridge over tho Passaic, and straight-
ening of the line at Newark  110,000
Rebuilding and extension of great Dataware
bridge at Trenton  150,000
Widening of bridges between Havre do
Grace and Baltimore    100,000
New track through Sou th Bal timore to avoid
use of horses in the streots  150,000
New equipment of ears of all kinds tor pas-
sengers between Washington and Phila-
delphia and New York  380,000
$13,360,000
" Besides these, many smaller expenditures are
being madelookingto the further improveinentof the
tine, and its ability to increase the public accommo-
dation and comfort."
Mr. TWICHELL. After these expenditures,
amounting in the aggregate to $13,860,000, it
is' proposed that Congress shall give a new
charter to a rival company which will greatly
impair the value of these improvements. What
has the existing line done to deserve the censure
that would be passed upon it by the passage of
this bill?
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Culi.oh]
says that this line has not contracted with the
Government for carrying the United States
mails. Now, Mr. Speaker, if this House under-
stood just what this line of roads has done in
this regard it would give it a unanimous vote
of thanks instead of passing this vote of cen-
sure/ What has this line of roads done? They
are entitled, as the Postmaster General admits,
to carry the mails in the baggage-cars at the
rate of $375 per mile. They run baggage-cars
on all through trains in which the mails were
originally carried. But in addition to the bag-
gage cars they have provided mail cars, which
are in fact moving post offices, carrying five
Government clerks and being entirely under
the control of the Post Office Department. The
expense of running those cars is equal to the
whole amount they receive for carrying the
mails.
Who gets the benefit of these accommoda-
tions gratuitously furnished? Every member
of this House and of the public generally. My
friends from Maine enjoy every (lay the advan-
tage of this arrangement in the additional
promptitude with which letters and documents
sent by them are delivered; but for this ar-
rangement the mails would go to the post
office for distribution, and thus the connection
be broken at New York. By these post office
cars, provided with mail clerks, the Govern-
ment is saved seven or eight hundred thousand
dollars a year in the several offices. Besides
this, I would call the attention of the southern
members to the fact that the mails from the
North are by this arrangement delivered twelve
hours earlier than they otherwise would be to
the southern trains. And this accommodation
is provided gratuitously, with no obligation
upon the part of the railroad companies to
furnish it. Are these parties to be punished
in view of what they have done for the interest
of the Governmentand thcpeople ? Itrusfcnot.
A few words in regard to the provisions con-
tained in this bill which seem to me objection-
able. For this reason I was desirous to move
that, the bill be recommitted, but the gentleman
having charge of the bill has declined to per-
mit that motion to be made. There are cor-
porators named in the bill whose names are
there without their consent. These names have
been inserted for the purpose of giving strength
to tlnsproject, the purpose of which is to annoy
the existing line. I am sorry to say this, but
1 believe it is true. I asked one of the gentle-
men whether they were prepared to build the
road and run trains through the streets of cities,
church-vards, &e., and across other railroads
at the rate of forty miles an hour. He replied
he was not a party to any such project. His
name was not there by any arrangement of his,
and he is one of the most important men in the
list. It it suggested by a friend near me that
there might be an amendment made. There
can be no amendment made whatever as the
case now stands. Therefore I move to lay the
bill and amendments on the table.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted ;
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Twtcheu.] moves to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
Mr. WOOD. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 103, not voting
59 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Barnum. Beck, Benjamin,
Blackburn. Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler,
Dockery, Eldridge, Get/., Glossbrenner, Golladay,
drover, Haight, Halsey. Hawkins, Hill, Ho!man,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Knott,. Laflin,
Lash, Lincoln, Loug-hridge, Marshall, Maryin, Mc~
Cormick, Moore, Mungen, Niblaok, Nicholson,
Phelps, Poland, Pru'yn, Randall, Robertson, Rob-
