1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
that the spirit of the' contract was that the pay-
ment should be made in gold, and'I presume
the people of Vermont decided thug, while I
know that in the region of the country in
which I live the advocates of the Chicago plat-
form claimed that it meant a payment in law-
ful money, in very many instances, so that very
many persons in our section of the country
voted for the candidates standing oil the Chi-
cago platform, assuming that that meant that
the debt might he paid in lawful money, that
that was the spirit of the contract as well as
the letter; so 1 cannot say what was decided.
As the Senator a few moments since re-
marked, the resolution is equivocal; it de-
clares nothing; and so politicians upon the
stump put such construction upon it as suited
the particular locality in which they werespeak-
ing, and of course no decision was made. But
now, when a Senator undertakes to rebuke the
the President, and to reassert this same doc-
trine, that the spirit of the law is to prevail as
well as the letter of the law, it is due that he
should declare exactly what he means. If
there be a difference between the letter and
the spirit, I should like to know it. Ordi-
narily we gather the spiiit and purpose of the
law from the letter. It is to be presumed that
the Congress of the United States uses lan-
guage that expresses its intention, 'lhat is tne
piesumption ; but this resolution assumes that
the letter does not express the intention of
Congress ; that there is something hack of or
beyond that which constitutes the spirit of the
law. 1 want to know what that is. If that
spirit is gold payment of the debt let us know.
Mr. President, 1 do not desire now to pro-
tract- t he debate. 1 liavo tried to answer the
question of the Senator from Vermont, though
it is a difficult one to answer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am really unable to
see which way my friend has answered the
question ; but as it seems to be a little difficult
one, I will relieve him fro in the responsibility
now and ask it some other time.
Mr. WII,LEY. Mr. President, it strikes me
that the whole merit of this question depends
upon the speedy and prompt action o( the Sen-
ate. 1 doubt whether by referring it to a com- |
mittee the object can be accomplished; and I |
question the piopnety of bringing up a discus- j
siou upon the hnaucuil policy ot the Govern* ,
ment on an abstract resolution of this charac- j
ter. The President's message lias gone out to >
the country, i t lnts its influence, and is at pres-
ent having its influence at home and abroad on
the credit of the country and on the national
honor. If we desire to counteract that wc
ought to do it by some expression of the Sen-
ate immediately had. I suggest, therefore, to the
honorable Senator from New Jersey whether
the resolution could not be so modified as
simply to present to the Senate the question as
to its opinion upon what the President has
proposed himself, that, and no more; not a
resolution in a form that will involve whether
we ore to pay our debt in gold or in the legal
currency, or what the policy of the Govern-
ment oil our financial matters heretofore has
been, but simply an expression on the part of
the Senate condemning so much of the Pres-
ident's message as relates to the repudiation
of our public debt, which is a matter entirely
different from the maimer in which we should
pay it. The other day, when his message was
read, I drew hastily a resolution of my own ;
and I desire now to read it to see whether the
Senator from New Jersey will not think that it
will accomplish the practical purpose which he
designs. Inasmuch as it cannot possibly lead
to any debate the sense of the Senate can at
once go out to the country, and the object of
introducing the resolution be accomplished. I
had intended to offer a resolution in this form:
That the Senate, properly cherishin? and uphold-
ing the Kovtl laith and honor of the nat,10n'^"(?1®rebZ
utterly disapprove ot and condemn the sentiments
and proposition contained in so much of the
annual uKBsato of the Prt sideiit of the tinted States
ab l'Gcidjj <1-3 ioliows
And then follow exactly the very word^ which
the Senator from New Jersey read. There is
simply an expression of opinion on the part
of the Seuate condemning the repudiating doc- |
trine set forth in the meseage—that and no
more. It strikes me that at this time, in view
of what is due to our honor at home and our i
credit and honor abroad, the Senate of the j
United States ought to place upon record some
expression of its opinion that it may go out to
the country and to the world, pari passu as
nearly as may be, with this repudiating doctrine
of the President of the United States. I
merely throw out the suggestion.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the resolution to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WiLLEY. At the suggestion of Sen-
ators I will offer this as a substitute for the
resolution of the Senator from New Jersey,
and ask action on it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not strictly in order.
Mr. WILLEY. What I propose is to offer
the resolution which I have read as a substi-
tute for that submitted by the Senator from
New Jersev.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
now ill order, because the motion pending is
to refer this resolution to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should lijce to have the
proposition of the Senator from \Vest Virginia
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
i2c o/oed.That the Senate, properly cherishing and
upholding tiie good faith and honor ot the nation, do
hereby utterlydisapprove ot and condemn the .senti-
ments and proposition contained ill so nineh ot the lute
annual messageof the President of IhcUnitcd States
us reads as follows: "It may bo assumed that the
holders ot our securities have aheady received upon
their bonds a larger amount than their original in-
vestment, measured by a f,rold standard, upon this
statement of facts it would seem but just and equit-
able that the six per cent, interest now paid by the
Government should be applied to the reduction ot
the principal in scini-ainiu.il installment?, which in
sixteen years and eight months would liquidate the
en tne national debt. Six I"'r cent, in gold would at
present rates be eiiual to nine per cent, in ciineiicy,
and equivalent to the payment, ol the debt one ami
a ball tune in a traction less than seventeen yeais
This, in couiioc'ion with alt the other advantases
derived fioin iheir invest ment.. would allord to the
public creditors a fair and liberal compensation lor
the use of their capital, and with this thev should be
satisfied. The lessons of the past ad.nouHi the lender
that it is not well to bo over anxious in exaetuix tiom
(lie borrower rigid couiplianco with tho lottcr ot tho
bond."
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senate of the
United States ought to express in very em-
phatic language its condemnation of this clause
of the President's message. It is the first time,
I believe, in the history of this Government
that any public man, either in the legislative or
executive department of the Government ot
the United State®, has proposed open and plain
repudiation. Disputes liavo olteu ^existed as
t,o the terms and meaning of words in laws re-
lating to revenue and relating to loans there
1 may have been honest differences ot opinion ;
but, so far as I know, no man has ever here-
tofore undertaken to violate the faith of this
country by proposing repudiation of the entire
principal of the public debt. This proposition
of the President is to substitute in the place of
a debt drawing six per cent, interest an obli-
gation to pay only an annuity for sixteen yeats,
nud renudiate the nrincipal. So .shocking a
I and repudiate the principal
[ proposition, coining from the I resident of the
i United States, even although defeated as lie
I has been in popular judgment, will excite coin-
I ment all over the world, and I believe will
! excite prejudice against our institutions, which
I ought to be at once counteracted by the legis-
! tive department of tho Government. 1 will
I vote, therefore, for either proposition, that of
! the Senator from New Jersey or that ot the
Senator from West Virginia. But it seems to
me it would be better to confine the language
of the resolution we adopt to the simple repu-
diation of the proposition of the President, o
the United States. It seems to me it would
be wiser and better to refer this matter to the
committee, which will probably be able to re-
port to-morrow either one resolution or thft
other, as their judgment shall dictate.
Mr! WARNER, t havea resolution, to offer
to go to the committee with t.he other resolu-
tions, and I ask lhat it be read now for informa-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It itiay be
read for information, but resolutions are not
now in order. Tho question is on the reference
of the pending resolution to the GoHttnitt.ee oil
Finance. The proposition of the Senator from
Alabama may be read for information if there
be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved bit the Smate of the United States, That we
I regard as dishonest the proposition of the President
■ containod in his message to appropriate the interest
of the public debt to the payment of the principal.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I shall
vote for none of these propositions in their
present shape, and I doubt whether I shall vote
for thorn iu any shape in which they may be
i presented. If the President's message, how-
i ever, means that which gentlemen seem U> con-
j ceive it means, repudiation in any form, 1
j condemn the proposition as strongly as a^uy
j body. I shall not, attempt to give any expla;
nation as to the meaning of the President of
the United States m Ins message. That he
meapt repudiation of the public indebtedness,
that he meant to advocate bad laith toward the
public creditors or towaid any other clasp of
men, 1 do not for a moment believe. While I
have been no partisan of his administration, I
will do hi in the justice to say that his whole
life lias shown him to be a man who dpesnot
repudiate honest and honorable obligations
either iu public or in private life.
Take warning, Mr. President. There has
been but one instance, according to my recol-
lection, since the foundation of this Govern-
incut, when the Senate ot the United States
attempted to pass resolutions of censure.upon
the Chief Executive oliicer of the nation ; but
one, and that not upon a mere recommendation
ol a message to the ."--cuate, but founded upon
acts. '1 he Senate of the United States sat. in
judgment upoiithc great man who then filled the
'Chief Executive olhce of this nation, and the
ueople of the United Slates alterwards sat m
fudgmeut upon them, and the condemnatory
resolution has no place upon your journals. It
may be. sir, that Hushed with triumph, and ■
deeming tile future all secure to you and your
party, you may think that you ma.y-.go furthei
and tare no worse. Hut, sir, although success
, has accrued to you for tiie present, the muta-
!i tiona of party are, if not as often repeated, yet
us sure as mutations in piivatc life.
But, sir, what would propriety, what would
dignity, what would a true consideration for the
chaiacter of the American Senate seem to re-
quire—a body formed for purposes ot deliber-
ation, calm, sober deliberation? It would be,
if there be any proposition in the message of
the President of the United States which you
condemn, not to meet, it by the simple passage
of a resolution, but, to meet it by your action.
Show to the world that you condemn it, not
by tho simple passage of a resolution, but by
acts of legislation showing to the creditors of
the nation by your acts securing their debt
evidence upon which they can firtnly and con-
fidently rely that the American Congress means,
under any and all circumstances, to discharge
the obligations of the country with fidelity; not
a simple resolution passed to-day and gone to-
morrow ; passed to-doy and not remembered
at. all hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the resolution of
the Senator from New Jeisey to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. IllCE. I wish to renew the motion I
made the other day in regard to adding two
members to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. I do not think there is any serious
opposition to it, and I wish it taken up ana
acted upon now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The faena-
