1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1771
otherwise, shall be submitted to and be voted
upon by the legal voters of (he county in such
manner as the commissioners may designate;
but this grant is made upon the express con-
dition that any effort by the company hereafter
to obtain any land grant, subsidy, or pecuniary
aid from the United States Government shall
work a forfeiture of this grant.
Mr. GRIMES. I call the attention of the
Senate to the last section of the bill. If I
understand it aright it authorizes a county in
one of the Territories of the United States by
a vote to impose a large tax upon the property
of the people of the county in order to build a
railroad—a very questionable policy, even in
a rich and old-setled country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply state that
this is a road about thirty miles long in Walla-
Walla county, running from the town of Walla-
Walla up the Columbia river. This bill only
grants the right of way, and it simply author-
izes the people of the county, if they are so
disposed, to contribute to the construction of
the road. In that country there is no capital
with which to build these roads or very little.
The people of the county have petitioned to be
allowed to do this. The bill has passed the
House of Representatives and the Delegate is
very anxious to have it passed in this form.
Otherwise it will fail at this session. The bill
does not put any obligation upon the Govern-
ment, and there is an express provision in it
that if any application is made to the Govern-
ment for subsidies in land or money all rights
under this bill shall be forfeited. I am sure
there can be no harm in it. Nobody is injured
by it, and the people are satisfied with it.
Mr. POMEROY. I voted in committee to
give this company the right of way; but I did
not understand that we were to legislate in
regard to any subscription by a county. I
desired them to have the right of way, and I
thought that was all there was in the bill; but
it is very doubtful whether we ought to allow
the people of a county in a Territory to assess
a tax upon themselves that is to be paid here-
after by those who may come after them. If
they were a State and had a Legislature, and
the Legislature should authorize it, it would
be well enough. I do not object to that. But
I did not agree in committee that Congress
should authorize a county in a Territory to tax
the people of that county for a railroad. I am
willing that they should have the right of way
and desire them to have it; and I thought that
was all there was in the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out that
section.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The second and third
sections embrace that provision.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I move to strike out
both these sections.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon whether this bill in all its
details is in accordance with the provisions
that have been adopted by the Committee on
Public Lands?
Mr. WILLIAMS. This only grants the right
of way one hundred feet wide for abont thirty
miles in one county. There is no subsidy of
lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No grant of lands ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No grant of lands at all;
and the bill expressly provides that if any
application is made for a grant of lands or a
subsidy all rights under this bill shall be for-
feited. It simply enables the people of that
county to build this road if they are so disposed.
It is all to be left to the vote of the people.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This ques-
tion is on striking out the second and third sec-
tions of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I think this is too important
a question for us to decide without having a
yea and nay vote upon it. It is simply this:
whether the Congress of the United States will
authorize the sparse population in a county in
one of the Territories to impose a tax for the
purpose of building a railroad through that
county. The State of Iowa, and especially
the oounty in which the Senator from Oregon
lived, is experiencing at this time the evil effects
of such an authority conferred upon several
counties of that State by the Legislative As-
sembly of the State, producing almost an in-
surrection,' and although I would not attempt
to impose any restraint upon the legislative
authorities of the Territory I am unwilling, for
one, to give my assent to any such authority
being bestowed upon the people of a county.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without expressing any
opinion upon the merits of this bill, about
which I am not prepared to express an opin-
ion, I appeal to the Senator from Oregon not
to press it, if it is to be discussed, and divide
the Senate. It does seem to me that we ought
to devote every moment of our time to the
appropriation bills, and lay aside all measures
about which there is likely to be controversy.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to take
up any time upon it. This bill has passed the
House, and the Delegate from the Territory is
greatly interested in it. It is a little railroad,
thirty miles long, and there is more fuss made
about it than there would be if we asked an
appropriation of $1,000,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ore-
gon will not understand me as opposing it;
but others do, and there is likely to be a con-
test over it.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote upon it.
Mr. .TRUMBULL. Why not lay it aside and
go on with the appropriation bills?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the second and third
sections of the bill.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2020) relating to the
operations of the pension laws, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
FUR-SEAL IN ALASKA.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill (S. No. 980) more
efficiently to protect the fur-seal in Alaska;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up and pass Senate
joint resolution No. 239, reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, declaring the Islands of
St. Paul and St. George, in Alaska, Govern-
ment reservations, for the sake of protecting
the fur-bearing animals in case the bill which
passed the Senate does not pass the House ;
but if it does pass the House this resolution
will not interfere with it. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to proceed with that res-
olution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot^ be entertained
at this time.
HENRY BARRICKLOW.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to my friend, had
we not better take another half hour until
twelve o'clock on some of these other bills ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we have
got but a short time in which to pass the ap-
propriation bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine
to proceed to the consideration of the Army
appropriation bill, the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Maine to allow me to call up a private claim in
regard to some land warrants, the assignment
of which has to be corrected by an act. It is
a House bill of a good deal of importance to
the party and about which there is noquestion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it occupies
no time, I will not object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it occupies two
minutes I will withdraw it. It is House bill
No. 1063. _
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H- R. No. 1063) for the relief of Henry Bar-
ricklow. The preamble recites that on the 28th
of March, 1859, by the sinking of the steamboat
Nat. Holmes in the Ohio river, near the city of
Aurora, Indiana, Henry Barricklowlosttwenty-
three land warrants, which are described by
their numbers, each for one hundred and sixty
acres ; and duplicates of the warrants have
been issued by the Commissioner of Pensions
and delivered to him ; the bill therefore author-
izes Henry Barricklow to locate or sell and
assign the duplicate land warrants in the same
manner as if they had been issued in his name,
and patents are to issued by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office on the location of
the duplicate warrants, as in case of other land
warrants.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and i
SECRET SALES OP GOLD.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
821, upon which I think there will be no
debate, to prohibit secret sales or purchases
of gold or bonds on account of the United
States, and for other purposes. It is a very
important bill. You, sir, have presented a
petition for .it this morning from many of the
business men of the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As there
is a bill pending it requires unanimous consent
to consider the bill iudieated by the Senator
from New York. Does any Senator object?
No objection being made, it will be read.
Mr. MORGAN. I think there will be no
debate upon it. It is a bill to prohibit secret
sales of gold; a bill which has been called for
by the whole country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will not press that motion. Iam appealed
to on all sides to go on with the appropriation
bill.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If there be
no objection the bill will be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over.
Mr. CONKLING. I appeal to the honor-
able Senator to let us see whether it cannot
pass without debate. It is a very important
bill. I do not think there will be any debate
upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are other
Senators who appeal to me to go on with the
appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
yielded to a private bill a moment ago, and
this bill in his estimation I am sure, as in the
estimation of the rest of us, is more important
than almost any other that is before us. I do
not think it will lead to debate. Let us try it
and see if we cannot pass it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. - Does the
Senator from Maine object?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the bill now
proposed to be taken up I shall feel it my duty
to move to strike out the second section. If
that is defhe I shall have nothing to say upon
it. I have no desire to debate it at any length.
Mr. MORGAN. It is a bill of a great deal
of importance. Every Senator will find upon
his desk a petition of the business men of
nearly all the cities of the Union in favor of
this measure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. -Will the Sen-
ator yield to an amendment to strike out the
second section?
Mr. MORGAN. I should prefer to pass it
in that shape rather than not pass it at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it will
lead to discussion. I am informed that it can-
not pass without debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
