1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inson, Sitgreavcs, Smith, Stone, Tabcr, Taylor,
Thomas, Tift, Twichell, Van Auken, Van Trump,
William 23. Washburn, Wood, .Woodward, and.
Youns—60.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Barnes, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boles. Boutwell, Bowen, Boyden, Bromwell,
Buckland, Buckley, Boderick R. Butler, Cake, Cal-
lis* Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Co-
vode, Cullom, Delano, Deweese, Dixon, Eckley, Eg-
fleston, Thomas D. Eliot, Farnsworfch, Ferriss, Ferry,
'ields, French, G-arfield, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Hard-
ing, Haughey, Heaton, Higby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,. Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, William Lawrence,
Loan, Logan, Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee,
Miller, Moorhead, Mullins, Newcomb, Norris.Nunn,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Pettis, Pierce, Plants, Polsley,
Prince, Raum, Boss, Sawyer, Soofield, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stokes, Sypher, Taffe, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Whit-
tcmore, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, JobnT. Wil&od, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—103.
NOT "VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell. Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Bcaman,
Blaine, Broomall, Benjamin F. Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Dawe3, Dickey,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards, Ela, James T.
Elliott. Fox, Griswold, Hamilton, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Kerr,
Kctcham, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough,
Mercur.Morrell.Momssey. Myers, Newsham. O'Neill,
Peters, Pike, Pile, Pomeroy, Price, Roots, Schenck,
Stewart, Stover, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aernam,
Burt Van llorn. Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburno, and Henry D.
Washburn—59.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. RANDALL said : My colleague, Mr.
O'Neill, is paired with Mr. Pomeuoy. Mr.
O'Neill would vote in the affirmative aud Mr.
Pomeroy in the negative on this motion.
Mr. KERR. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] who is my colleague
on the Committee" on Roads and Canals, has
leave of absence, 1 am paired with hiip. He
would have voted u no" on the present motion
and for the bill, and I would vote "ay" and
against the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I am paired
with Mr. McCullough. He would vote "ay"
on this motion, and I would vote " no."
Mr. PETERS. I am paired with Mr. AiiCHER.
He would vote uay," and I would vote " no."
Mr. KELLEY. "Mycolleagues, Mr. O'Neill
and Mr. Myers, are necessarily absent. \Vere
they present they would vote to lay the billon
the table.
Mr. DICKEY. They are both paired. I
am paired with Mr. Myers. I would vote
" no" and he would vote " ay" on this motion.
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. WOODWARD said : Mr. Speaker, can-
not the House have the debate extended a few
minutes ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. The House is acting under the previous
question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask to be allowed
ten minutes.
Mr. CAKE. I object.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I would inquire whether
a motion to refer this bill back to the commit-
tee would be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not; the pre-
vious question is now operating and will not
exhaust itself till the third reading of the bill.
The question now is on agreeing to the amend-
ments moved by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. McCarthy] on behalf of the committee.
The first amendment is to strike out the fiith
section.
The Clerk read the fifth section, proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the New
York and Washington Railway Company shall have
power to connect with and use, as a part of their saiu
lme or lines.any railroad or railroads now constructed
leading in the general direction of the line specified
in this act, by consolidation or transfer of the stock
of said railroad or railroads with or to the said JNew
York and Washington Railway Company, or other-
wise as may be mutually agreed upon; and there-
upon the said railway hereby authorized shall be
empowered to so change the grade, curvature, and
location of such railrond or railroads as to conform
to the requirements of the seventh section of this
act- Provided, That nothing herein contained, shall
be so construed as to authorize such connection or
arrangement with any existing company or compa-
nies as to defeat tho object and intent > of this act,
which is hereby declared to be to authorize aad re-
quire the construction of a line of railway between
Washington, District or Columbia, and the city of
New York, in the State of New York, as nearly an
air-line as practicable for the transportation of pas-
sengers and mails between the two cities aforesaid,
and the more speedy and reliable transmission of
United States mails, troops, seamen, and supplies be-
tween the capital and the port of New York and for
other like purposes.
The motion to strike out the foregoing sec-
tion was agreed to.
The next question was on the following
amendment, proposed by Mr. McCarthy on
behalf of the Committee on Roads and Canals:
In section six, line twelve, strike out "six " and
insert "seven so that it will read:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the gauge
of the said New York and Washington railway shall
be of uniform widtb, or so as to carry one set of cars
throughout its entire length, and the rails shall be
of American iron or steel manufacture; and the en-
tire railway shall, with its outfit, fixtures, and struc-
ture, together with all its appurtcnances, be equal
in character and workmanship to any of the first-
class railways of the United States. And the cars
for first-class passengers shall be provided at all
times with all the modern improvements for comfort
and convenience. The schedule time for passenger,
mail, military, and freight trains shall never exceed
(when fully equipped and finished) seven hours be-
tween Washington and New York city for first-class
passenger and through mails.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 73, noes 47.
Mr. VAN AUKEN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.'McCarthy. I will withdraw the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done ex-
cept bv uuanimous consent.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. It is too late.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 61, not voting
57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Beamat), Beatty,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Bowcn,
Boyden, Bromwell, Buckland, Buckley, Rodexick R.
Butler, Cake, Callis, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Co-
vode. Cullom, Delano, Dockery. Donnelly, Ecklcy,
Eggleston,Ela,Thoinas D. Eliot,Fornsworth.I<erriss,
Ferry, Fields, French, Goss, Gove,.Harding, Haughey,
Hawkins, Higby, Holman, Hopkins,Hotchkiss,Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hunter, Jenckes, Alexander II.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Koontz, La&h,
Loan, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, Miller.Moorhead,
Mungcn, Newsham, Norns, Nunn, Orth, Paine. Per-
ham, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price, Prince,
Raum, Roots, Ross, iSawyer, Scofield, Selye, bhanks,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Starkweather. Stevens,
Stokes, Stover. Sypher, Talle, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam, Vnn Trump. Ward, Welker, Whitte-
more, Thomas Williams, William Williams, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Windoia—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Barnes, Beck, Benjamin,
Blackburn, Boyer, Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Cary,
Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Eldndge, Gets, Glossbren-
ner, Golladay, Gravely, Haight, Holsey, HilL IIul-
burd, Humphrey, Johnson,Thomas L. Jones. Kelley,
Knott, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Marshall,
Marvin, McCormick, McKee. Moore, Newcomb, IS ib-
lack, Nicholson, Pettis, Phelps, Poland, Pruyn, Ran-
dall. Robertson, Robinson, Sitgreaves. bmith, btew-
nit, Stone, Tabor, Taylor. Thomas^ lift, £wiehell.
Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, William B. Wash-
burn, James F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, Wood-
ward', and Young—CI. ,
NOT VOTING—M essrs. Adams, Anderson. Archer,
Arnell, Bailey, Baldwin, Barnura, Blaine, Benjamin
I" Butler, Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Cook, Cor-
nell, Dawes, Deweese, Biokey, Dixon, Dodge. Driggs,
Edwards. James T. Elliott, Pox, Garfield, wiswold,
Grover, Hamilton. Heaton, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard,Ingersoll,Kerr, Ketcham,
Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mallory, McCullough, Mercur, Morrell, Morrissey,
Mullins, Myers, O'Neill, Peters, PomeroyvSchcnok,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble. Burt V an Horn,
Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Llihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, and John 1.
Wilson—57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill not being en-
grossed, it goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. McCARTH 1. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed.
The motion was entered.
COUNTING KLliCTOllAL VOTES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make an
announcement in regard to the business of the
House to-morrow. Upon conference with the
tellers appointed on the part -of the House to
count the electoral votes, the Chair has directed
the Doorkeeper, unless otherwise ordered by
the House, to reserve the diplomatic gallery
exclusively for the diplomatic corps and their
families, and the southwestern gallery, at .the
left of the Speaker, for ladies of the fanailies
of members, in each case till half past twelve
o'clock, at which time the reservation will
cease. If there should be any pressure for
seats it is quite proper that this direction should
be given. It has been done after conference
with the tellers.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the consular and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill, upon which Mr. .
Spalding was entitled to the floor.
STATIONARY CONTRACTS.
Mr. SPALDING-. 1 yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth.]
Mr. ORTII. I desire to present to the House
a letter addressed to the Speaker, which I ask
to have read.
Mr. RANDALL. What is it about ?
The SPEAKER. It is a letter addressed to
the Speaker which he did not consider he had
power to bring before the House.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows :
Philp k Solomons,
Booksellers axd Stationers,
Washington, February 8, 1869.
Sir: Our attention has been called to thefollowing
extract from the Globe's report of Saturday's pro-
ceedings of the House of Representatives:
"Mr. Ward. I would ask the gentleman if in all
his investigations iuto what he chooses to term tho
'frauds' of these gentlemen, Dempsey & O'Toole,
he has investigated the paper contracts of Philp &
Solomons, a concern in tins city who have been fur-
nishing other Departments at the same figure ?
" Mr Ela. 1 have not had occasion to do it.
"Mr! Ward. Well, I think the committee had
better look iuto those contracts also.
"Mr. hi.a. It will bo done whenever the House
orders an investigation.
"Mr. Ward. I will take tho earliest opportunity
to eallthe attention of the committee tothesubjoet."
Having been stationery contractors to tho Govern-
ment for the past el even years, during which time our
integrity has never been questioned, we now respect-
fully invito an investigation of our business relations
thereto, if it be the pleasure of the House.
We have tlio honor to remain, sir, yours, very
respectfully, &
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Sueukerof thcJIou&e of Ilepreeentalwes.
Mr. ORTH. I have introduced that letter
at the request of Philp & Solomons, who felt
that an unjuSt attack had been made upon
them by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ward.] I am authorized by them to say 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires
to submit remarks, the Chair must ask the
consent of the House.
Mr. ORTH. I have but a word to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
lhat this letter was submitted to the Speaker,
but he did not think it came within the rule
authorizing him to submit communications to
the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the referonce ot
the letter to the same committee that made the
other investigation.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] will have an opportunity
to be heard. .
Mr. ORTH. I do not yield the floor to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
for any such purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why not have another
committee and another investigation?
Mr. ORTH. Messrs. Philp & Solomons
feel that an unjust attack had been made upon
them as contractors to supply stationery to this
House and to the Treasury Department. They
believe it to be due to them as well as to this
House that the matter should be brought to
the attention of the public in this or some other
form. They will submit to the action of the
House, let it be what it may. If it be_ deemed
important to have an investigation into the
