THE OONGRESSI0ML" GLOBE.
February: 9,
manner in which they have fulfilled-their con-
tracts, they are entirely ^willing and ready to
have sueh investigation. If the House; on the
Other hand) shall determine that it is not neces-
sary to have an investigation, they are content
to let the matter remain- as it is. I now yield
to thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
. Mr. SPALDING. I did not yield the floor
for this purpose. I want to proceed with the
public business. • :
Mr. RANDALL.' Let both sides be heard.
Mr. SPALDING. I will yield a few minutes
longer.
Mr. WARD. I thank the gentleman for his
courtesy. I will say that in asking the ques-
tion I did of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Ela,] who offered the resolution
then before the House, I did not design to be-
come any rtan'saccuser or any man's defender.
But I-had been told that this concern of Philp
& Solomons had had a contract with the Gov-
ernment previous to the one that had been
awarded to Dempsey & O'Toole, which had
afforded to them advantages equal to the con-
tract which Dempsey & O'Toole had had, and
which the Committee on Printing had very
properly investigated aud reported upon to the
House. I had been informed th^t they had
other contracts with, the Government, which
were very valuable to them, I had been in-
formed that they had become rich in the ser-
vice of the Government, and I simply desired
to call the attention of the Coijamittee on Print-
ing to the fact, and to ask them the question
whether they had investigated the large con-
tracts which these men are known to have with
the Government. I also said in that connec-
tion that I should take the earliest opportunity
to call the attention of the House to this mat-
ter. I did not desigu then, nor do I design
now, to bring any charges against these gen-
tlemen. I only desired to say that as this Print-
ing Committee has commenced an investigation
into these stationery contracts, I thought it
proper that the investigation should be con-
tinued, so that every man who has a contract
to supply stationery to any Department of the
Government should have his case investigated.
When I am informed of any facts that seem
to implicate Philp & Solomons in matters that
demand investigation, and those fa.cts are
brought to my knowledge in such a way as to
satisfy me that they are true, I shall in my own
way and time ask the attention of the House
to the subject, either in this or in the next Con-
gress. I have no motion to make as to the
matter now before the House and have' no
suggestions to make upon the subject. But I
do not propose to be antioipated*by any one in
such investigation as I may deem it my duty
to demand hereafter.
Mr. OiiTH. Let this matter be disposed of.
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot yield any fur-
ther. I think this matter is better fitted for a
police court than for this Hall.
Mr. OUTH. 1 merely desire to dispose of
this letter, either by its reference to some com-
mittee or by laying it on the table.
Mr. FAiiNSWOIilH. I move that it be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Si'alwnii] insists upon resuming the iloor.
Mr. SPALDING. Jf the House will dispose
of this matter without further debate I will not
object.
Mr. ORTH. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ward] does not press
this examination at this time, I will move that
the letter be laid on the table.
_ Mr, ELDR1DGE. I hope there will be an
investigation it these gentlemen desire it.
^ r*se to a point of order.
_ IheSPLAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. PAINL, The House has adopted a rale
to protect itself against the consumption of its
time in this manner, requiring petitions, me-
morials, &c., to be introduced in a certain way
.or reference to their appropriate committees.
I therefore object to the consumption of time
in this way.
The SPEA KER. The reading of this paper
was allowed by unanimous consent. The paper
itself is not properly before the House .for
action or dei ate, . ,' -
PONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.'
,Mr. SPALDING. I now resume the floor,
and insist on the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1570) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
this subject having been made the special order
for to-day after the morning hour.
Mr. SPALDING. There are thirty-two
amendments of the Senate to this bill." The
Committee on Appropriations have attentively
considered these amendments, andrecommend
concurrence in twenty of them and non-con-
currence in twelve.
The SPEAKER. If no separate vote be
demanded the amendments will be acted on
in gross.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand that the amend-
ments be voted on separately.
The amendments were read.
First amendment:
After tho word "dollars," in lino sixteen, strike
out tho following:
Provided, That the minister accredited to the Gov-
ernment of Nicaragua shall also beaccrcdited to the
Governmen t of Honduras, Guatemala, San Salvador,
and Gosta Rica, and shall receive as compensation
$9,000 a year, with a secretary of legation, who shall
receive a salary of 81,500 a year, and no more. The
minister at New Granada shall also be accredited to
tho Governments of Venezuela and Ecuador, and
shall recoive a salary of $7,500 a year, with asecretary
of legation, who shall receive a salary of S!,500 a
year, aud no more. The minister at Uruguay shall
also be accredited to theArgontine Confederation,
and shall receivo a salary of $7,500 a year, aud no
more, with a secretary of legation, who shall receive
a salary of $1,500 a year, and no more. And the min-
ister at Peru shall also be accredited to the Govcrn-
mentsof Chili andBolivia, and shall receivo a salary
of $10,000 a year, with a secretary of legation, who
shall receive a salary of SI,000 a year, and no more.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend noo-concurrence.
On concurring in the amendment, there
were—ayes 21, noes 71; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Matnard were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 22, noes 93.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
At the end of lino thirty-five, insert the following:
For additional salary of minister resident to the
Argentine republic, appointed also to tho republic
of Uruguay, at the rate of S3,750 a year, such salary
to commence October 13,1808.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non- concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third, fourth, and fifth amendments:
Insert "Jerusalem" in tho sixty-first line; strike
out " two" in the same line, and insert " throe;" and
after tbo word "thousand" in the same line, striko
out "live hundred;" so as to make tho paragraph
read as follows:
For expenses of tho consulates in tho Turkish
dominions, namoly, interpreters, guards, and other
expenses of thccousulates at Constanti'iople.Stnyrna,
Candia, Alexandria, Jerusalem, and Beirut, 33,000.
The Committee oil Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Sixth aud seventh amendments:
Strike out after the word "exchange" in line sev-
enty-four tho words "forty thousand dollars," and
insert tho word "and:" and in lino scvcnty-cight
strike out " forty," and insert " eighty;" so that the
paragraph will read as follows:
For the purchaseof blank-books, stationery,book-
cases, arms of the United States, seals, presses, and
flags, and for the payment of postages, and miscel-
laneous expenses of the consuls of the United States,
inelndingloss by exchange; and for office rent for those
consuls general, consuls, and commercial agents who
are not allowed to trade, including loss by exchange
thereon, $85,000; and there shall be allowed out of
the fees of the office 81,000 per annum, and no inoi-e,
for rent of the consul's offices at Paris.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
After "Tampico" in line eighty-eight, insert "Lon-
don, Parisso as to make the paragrah-read:
I. Consulates General.
, -Schedule B.
Alexandria, Calcutta. Constantinople. Frankfort-
on-the-Main, Havana, Montreal, Shanghai, Beirut,
Tampico, London, Paris; and on and after the 4th
of March, 1869, the consulates at Paris-and London
shall be known and designated as consulates gen-
eral.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
In lineninety-four, insert "Aoapulco," after "Aix-
la-Ch&pelle."
. The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence. ,
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
In line ninety-eight strike out" Cork" and insert
" Qu'ccnstowu."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
In line one hundred and one insert "Hakodadi"
after "Hankow,"
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
In line one hundred and four strike out "London."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Insert under tho heading of "Consulates, schedule
B," "Mahe."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Insert under the same heading " Osacca."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Strike out "Paris" under the same heading.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
Mr. BROOKS. I should like to have some
explanation of that.
Mr. SPALDING. We make consuls gene-
rals at Paris and London.
Mr. BROOKS. Why?
Mr. SPALDING. Because it has been rec-
ommended by the Department as proper.
Mr. BROOKS. It costs more.
Mr. SPALDING. No, sir; thegentleman
is mistaken.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth
amendments:
Insert under the same heading "Tunstall," " Va-
lencia," and " Yeddo."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrcnce.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Strike out "Bremen" and insert " Barmen" under
the sa.me heading.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Insert the following:
And the consul at Valencia shall receive an an-
nual salary of $1,500. The consulat Hakocladi and
Buenos Ayres shall receive an annual salary of
$2,500; and there shall be appointed a consul at Win-
nepeg, Solkirk settlement, British North America,
who shall recoive an annual salary of 81,500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Under tho heading of "Consulates, Schedule 0,"
strike out " Saint Pierre, (Martinique."J
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
