1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
is made, and it goes over. The Army appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to make an appeal
to the Senator from Maine. I will consent to
the striking out of the second section_so that
there may be no debate upon it, and we may
pass the other two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We must
proceed with the bill regularly before us or
nothing will be done.
Mr. CAMERON'. I hope the Senator from
Maine will allow me to say one word in behalf
of bringing up this bill. I think it is one of
the. most important bills that has been offered
in the Senate during the present session.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator from
Maine to yield to me to allow me to take up a
bill which will lead to no debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Army
appropriation bill is insisted upon, and must be
proceeded with.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1744)
to strengthen the public credit and relating to
contracts for the payment of coin, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Rob-
ert C. Schenck of Ohio, Mr. William B. Al-
lisox of Iowa, and Mr. William E. Niblack
of Indiana, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1804) to establish abridge
across the East river, between the cities of
Brooklyn and New York, in the State of New
York, a post road.
enrolled bills signed
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions ; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 871) to authorize the transfer
of lands granted to the Union Pacific Railway
Company, eastern division, between Denver
and the point of its connection with the Union
Pacific railroad, to the Denver Pacific Railway
and Telegraph Company, and to expedite the
completion of railroads to Denver, in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado;
A bill (H. R. No. 1804) to establish a bridge
across the East river, between the cities of
Brooklyn and New York, in the State of New
York, a post road ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 219) to drop
from the rolls of the Army officers absent
without leave; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 231) providing
for the reporting and publication of the debates
in Congress.
tiie public credit.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1744) to strengthen
the public credit and relating to contracts for
the payment of coin, disagreed to by the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments disagreed to by the
House, and agree to the conference asked for
by the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that
proposition ought to be considered in such hot
haste ; and unless it be in order for the Sen-
ator to make that motion I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is in order.
The Senate have proposed certain amend-
ments to that bill to strengthen the public
credit, to which the House have disagreed and
asked a, eomrpittee of conference: and it is
always in order, as I understand the rules of
the Senate, to move to agree to a conference
asked for by the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a question for
the Chair to decide, I believe, however, that
the Chair so decided the other day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
held that it was a privileged motion before.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then my objection can-
not serve any purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Howshall
the committee of conference be appointed?
Mr. SHERMAN. By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be considered to be the sense of the Senate if
there be no objection, and the Chair will ap-
point Mr. Sherman, Mr. Williams, and Mr.
Morton as the committee on the part of the
Senate.
army appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1803) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. CONKLING. What is the amendment
to the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be
read. It has been debated for three days.
Mr. DRAKE. I understood that the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts accepted
that as an amendment to his amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be
read.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
But interest shall be allowed to the States of Mas-
sachusetts and Maine on such sums only on which
the said States of Massachusetts and Maine either
paid interest or lost interest by the transfer of an
interest-bearing fund.
Mr. SUMNER. There was another form
for that amendment which I read to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, but which is now out of my
hands and in the hands of another Senator,
which I propose as a substitute.
Mr. CONNESS. You cannot do that. That
will not be in order. Let us have a vote on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator from Maine
be good enough to hand me the manuscript of
the amendment which I propose as a substitute?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would
not be in order now if the Senator had it. This
is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the President's par-
don. The Senator from Iowa proposed to me
last night to withdraw his proposition and to
allow the substitute to be moved.
Mr. GRIMES. That statement is not ex-
actly accurate. The Senator from Massachu-
setts proposed it to me and I agreed to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
substitute for the amendment to the amend-
ment be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose equivalent words,
but which are clearer and refer to existing
statutes.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment to the amendment, which was to insert
after the words "six per cent, per annum"
the words:
And according to the rules directed to he applied
to the case of Maryland by the twelfth section of the
act approved March 3,1857. entitled, " An act mak-
ing appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1858.
Mr. DRAKE. That does not cover, in my
judgment, the very point that the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa was designed to
cover, to wit: that Massachusetts shall be
paid no interest upon her disbursements ex-
cept upon that which she paid interest upon or
lost interest by the disposal of interest-bearing
funds. That amendment now presented by the
Senator from Massachusetts relates only to the
rules of the computation of interest, not to the
particular sum upon which the interest shall be
allowed, and I call the attention of the Senate
to that fact.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I call the attention of
the Senator to the Maryland rule, as follows :
" Interest shall he calculated up to the time of any
payment made. To this interest the payment shall
be first applied, and if it exceed the interest due the
balance shall be applied to diminish the prinoipal.
If the payment fall short of the interest the balance
of the interest shall not be added to the principal so
as to produce interest. Second, interest shall be
allowed to the State of Maryland on such sums only
on which the said State either paid interest or lost
interest by the transfer of an interest-bearing fund."
Now, all that we ask is that the whole Mary-
land rule shall be applied to Massachusetts.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the reading of the
amendment to the amendment again.
The Secretary again read the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I contend that under that
amendment as framed now, in view of the
very provision that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has just read, without this limitation
of the moneys paid out by Maryland upon
which Maryland should be allowed interest,
would not be considered as included there.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let it be "under
the rules and limitations." I will insert those
words.
Mr. DRAKE. Why cannot it be expressed
there that no interest is to be paid to Massa-
chusetts and Maine but upon moneys which
Massachusetts paid interest upon or to obtain
which she disposed of interest-bearing bonds?
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not so expressed?
Mr. DRAKE. It is not so expressed in my
judgment.
Mr. SUMNER. With great respect to the
Senator I am bound to say that it is.
Mr. DRAKE. With great respect to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, I am
bound to say that it is not; and I say further, in
this connection, that this is only swinging the
matter around back again to the original form
in which the Senator from Massachusetts pre-
sented this claim, to wit, that Massachusetts,
if the amendment had been passed as he ori-
ginally presented it, was to be paid interest
upon every dollar that she disbursed, without
regard to the question of her having paid in-
terest upon it at all; and that is one of the
features about this case that I do not like; that
the attempt was made to ingraft upon the
Army appropriation bill here, in the last hours
of the session, a provision which would have
allowed Massachusetts interest upon every dol-
lar of her disbursements without reference to
whether she had paid interest upon them or not.
I protest against this thing. It is not what
was done in the case of Maryland. Now, sir, if
left in the shape in which the Senator from
Massachusetts wishes to place it, I am of the
opinion, with all respect to the honorable Sen-
ator, that it leaves it just where it was in his
original amendment, that she is to be allowed
interest on every dollar of her expenditures
without reference to whether she paid interest
on those expenditures or not.
Mr. SUMNER. The language of my amend-
ment is " the rules and limitations." Now,
what are the rules and limitations ? I have
read them.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts insists upon the Maryland rule as
applicable to the case of Massachusetts. Now,
sir, the very thing that the Senate, if I under-
stand its wishes, desires to avoid is the Mary-
land rule. In the first place, the Senator from
Massachusetts makes a claim which never
existed. The State of Massachusetts never
had any claim, in law or in equity, as I shall
show before I get through. In the next place,
all that Massachusetts claims was paid to the
last farthing, although she never had any real
claim. She never had a just claim, but her
demand was paid to the uttermost farthing.
This I will show before I get through. No
interest was ever dreamed of when the claim
was first made, and yet the States demanded
interest afterward, and although they never
had any claim for principal or interest the sum
which they demanded was paid. Then, the
State of Maryland came in at a later day and
demanded and obtained compound interest on
a claim which never existed. She had been
paid and obtained interest that she never had
a right to demand.
