1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1773
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. With the
permission of the Senator from Michigan, it is
quite manifest that there are at least half a
dozen set speeches more to be made on this
bill. I move, therefore, that it be laid aside,
and that we take up the bill (H. R. No. 1672)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1870. That
is a bill containing over fifty pages. If we are
to pass any of the appropriation bills it is
quite manifest that this bill must be laid aside.
I therefore make the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
let us finish this bill. I said last night it could
not become a law, but I want to try to pass it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the motion
to lay it aside informally?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will make
the motion in that form.
Mr. POMEROY. This same amendment
can be moved on that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If Senators do that they
must take the responsibility.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks that the pending bill
be laid aside informally with a view to take
up the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to that.
Mr. CONKLING. Then a motion to lay
the bill on the table is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I make
a motion to postpone the bill for the purpose
of taking up House bill No. 1672.
The motion was agreed to. *
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
to take up House bill No. 1672.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1672) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1870.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection be made the amendments reported by
the Committee on Appropriations will be acted
upon as they are reached in the reading of the
bill. No objection being made, that course
will be pursued.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line fifty-eight, to strike
out the words "for committees, five," and to
insert the word "eight;" so that the clause will
read:
For stationery, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-seven,
to strike out the word "ten" and insert
"twenty," so as to read:
For folding documents and materials, §20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in line sixty-nine,
to strike out the word " fifteen" and insert the
word '' thirty ;" so that the clause will read :
For miscellaneous items, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy, to
strike out the words " and House of Repre-
sentatives, $3,000: Provided, That each Sen-
ator, Member, and Delegate shall be entitled
to receive only the value of ten dollars in pack-
ing-boxes each year," and to insert " $1,000
so that the clause will read :
For packing-boxes for the Senate, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and forty-six, to insert:
For packing-boxes for members of the House of
Representatives, 54000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fifty-three, to strike out "three" and
insert " fiveso that the clause will read :
l'*0!' compensation of five watchmen in reservation
No. 2, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and sixty-three, in the appropri-
ations for the Court of Claims, the following :
For stationery, books, fuel, laborers' hire, and
other contingent and miscellaneous expenses, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and sixty-eight, to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso on the appropriation for the
payment of the judgments of the Court of
Claims :
Provided, That no judgment of said court for any
sum exceeding 85,000 shall be paid out of this appro-
priation unless the same shall be confirmed by Con-
gress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and ninety-two, to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That the pay of any messenger in either
of the departments (legislative, executive, or judi-
cial) of the Government employed daring the whole
year shall be $840 per annum, and no more; and the
pay of any assistant messenger employed as afore-
stated shall be $700 per annum, and no more; and
the pay of all laborers and watchmen (whether night
or day) employed as aforestated shall be £700 per
annum, and no more.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and thirty-three, in the appropriations for
the construction branch of the Treasury De-
partment, to insert after the word "dollars"
the words "chief clerk, §2,000 ; photographer,
$2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and forty-one, to strike out " four" and
insert " six in line three hundred and forty-
two, to strike out " seven" and insert " ten ;"
and in the same line, to strike out " two" and
insert "seven;" in line three hundred and
forty-three, to strike out "four" and insert
" eight;" and in line three hundred and forty-
four, to strike out " six thousand four" and
insert " twelve thousand eight;" in the same
line, to strike out " five" and insert " ten ;" in
line three hundred and forty-five, to strike out
"seven" and insert "fourteen;" and in line
three hundred and forty-eight, to strike out the
word "thirty" and to insert "forty-seven;"
so that the clause will read :
For First Comptroller of the Treasury, $3,500; for
chief clerk, $2,000; six clerks of class four, 810,700;
eight clerks of class three, $12,800; ten clerks of class
two, $14,000; two clerks of class one, $2,400; one
messenger, $840; and two laborers, $1,200: in all,
$47,540.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and eighty-three, to strike out the word
"sixty" and insert the word " fifty;" so as to
allow fifty-four clerks of class three in the
office of the Second Auditor of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the committee, as he has ex-
amined this subject and I have not, whether or
not the clerks in all these bureaus of the Treas-
ury Department are not largely cut down by
the House of Representatives ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; largely.
Mr. GRIMES. I see that the First Comp-
troller is restored to something like his original
position.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What he had
last year.
Mr. GRIMES. But the Second Comptroller
is not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Why is that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was obliged
to adopt this rule: this bill came to the com-
mittee on Saturday night, and of course we
could not get it printed so as to be examined
by the committee until Monday. We were
obliged to take the appropriations for these
departments or bureaus as they came from the
House, upon the presumption that they had
examined the subject, except where we had
communications from the departments or bu-
reaus which authorized us to move amend-
ments. In this case we had a communication
from the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
Mr. Taylor, giving us a detailed statement of
his force and the great necessity of maintaining
the force as it was last year; and so we amended
it according to that statement.
Mr. GRIMES. The result, I am afraid, is
going to be that those bureaus where there is
the most business are going to be cut down to
such a condition that the dispatch of the pub-
lie business will be very much retarded. For
example, I think the business in the Second
Comptroller's office has diminished compara-
tively little by the side of what it has in the
First Comptroller's office; and so in some of
the bureaus of the Auditors' offiees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the Sec-
ond Auditor's office is kept entire.
Mr. GRIMES. By the House?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think so.
Mr. GRIMES. There are some of the
Auditors' offices that have to do with the clos-
ing up of the accounts of the Army and Navy
that are cut down more than one half, I am
told. The result would be that everybody who
has any business with those offices will be de-
layed in its transaction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I can give you
precisely the reduction in the Second Comp-
troller's office: four clerks of class four, four
of class three, and nine of class one, out of
about one hundred and twenty clerks.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it in the Fourth
Auditor's office?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Fourth
Auditor's office is reduced a great deal, but
upon information that I have received this
morning I intend to move to increase it.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the clause making appropriations
for the Fourth Auditor's office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose to
amend that clause, and perhaps I might as
well do it now as we go along. In line four
hundred and seven I move to strike out " four-
teen" andinsert "eighteen," and also to strike
out "$22,400" and insert "$28,800;" in
line four hundred and nine to strike out " ten "
and insert "eleven;" in line four hundred
and ten to strike out "$12,000" and insert
" $13,200; " in line four hundred and twelve
to strike out the words " one laborer, $600,"
and to insert " five laborers, $3,000; " and in
line four hundred and thirteen to strike out
."sixty" and insert "seventy;" so that the
clause will read:
For the Fourth Auditor, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000;
five clerks of class four, $9,000; eighteen clerks of
class three, $28,800; twelve clerks of class two,
$16,800; eleven clerks of class one, $13,200; one mes-
senger, $S40: one assistant messenger, $<00; and five
laborers, $3,000, employed m bis office—$77,340.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and fifty-five, after the words "female
clerks'' to strike out the words " authorized
by this section " and to insert the words "em-
ployed in the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment;" and in line four hundred and fifty-
nine, after the words " clerks of such classes "
to insert " and a sufficient sum to pay said in-
creased compensation to female clerks is hereby
appropriated;" so that the clause will read:
The compensation of the female clerks employed
in the several Departments of the Government shall
be the same as clerks of the first class, and where
employed on work performed by tbe clerks of the
higher classes they shall receive like compensation
with the other clerks of such classes, and a sufficient
sum to pay said increased compensation to temalo
clerks is hereby appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Vermont will pardon me for one moment,
I desire to perfect the section as agreed upon
by the committee and omitted by a clerical
error. After the word "class," in line four
hundred and fifty-seven," I move to strike out
the words "and where employed on work per-
formed by clerks of the same classes they shall
receive like compensation with the other clerks
of such classes." I should like to have it read
now as it will stand if amended.
