1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
moved that the motion to reconsider - be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new mexican indian service.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Appropriations, submitted an
adverse report on the letter of the Secretary
of the Interior, transmitting a communication
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
an estimate of appropriations required to supply
a deficiency in the appropriation for the Indian
service in New Mexico ; an(l the same was laid
oh the table, and ordered to be printed.
appropriations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
now to report a bill and joint resolution, in
order that they may be printed and laid on the
table, so that they may be considered in con-
nection with the deficiency appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. These not being general
appropriation bills, they can only come in by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BROOKS. Read some of it, and let
us know what it is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will hear a single statement I am
certain he will not object.
Mr. BROOKS. I will reserve the objection
until I hear it. -
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
a case where a party on the plains had fed the
Indians undoubtedly, bat without authority of
law, as the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
reports. Therefore we cannot make the ap-
propriation in the deficiency bill, but wo have
reported a joint resolution referring the claim
to the Second Comptroller of the Treasury to
state the account and report to Congress,with
a view also of reporting a bill as cognate to
the same subject, restraining men in the future
from this practice of bringing contractors into
this trouble by making unauthorized contracts.
This is unanimously reported from the com-
mittee.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to its being
printed and referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts desires to have it referred to the
Committee of the "Whole, to be acted on in
connection with the deficiency bill.
Mr. BROOKS. -I do net object to that, but
I reserve any point of order.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 449) re-
ferring tho claim of J. C. D. Blackburn for
supplies furnished the Kiowas, Comanches,
and Apaches to the Second Comptroller of
the Treasury for adjustment and report, and
the bill (II. R. No. 1910) prohibiting the ren-
dering of any service or furnishing supplies in
excess of legal appropriations, making the
same a penal offense and barring claims on
such account, were accordingly referred to the
Committee of the Whole for consideration with
the deficiency bill.
rkmoval ok disabilities.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to state to the House
that I shall endeavor to bring up for action
to-morrow, or if not then on the next day, a
pill for the relief from disabilities of certain cit-
izens in the lately rebellious States. 1 state this
because several gentlemen wish to debate it.
i-iikam iv. l0v15.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew the memorial and papers of
Hiram W.Love, introduced at the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Eighth Congress, leaving
copies on file.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
I?'0rV0-Blm^'ee '^e Whole on the state of
the Union, to proceed to the consideration of
the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
L uioti, (Mr. feriiy in the chair, J and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1870.
The pending question was on the umend-
ment of Mr. Gakfield, ori behalf of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs,- on which he was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr.- PAINE. I- move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having taken the chair, Mr. Perry
reported that the Committee of the Whole,
according to order, had had the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 1803, making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1870, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise for the purpose-of
correcting a misapprehension which seems to
prevail on the part of many gentlemen in the
House that the Army bill will be considered
during the evening session. I wish to give
notice that the Army appropriation bill does
not come up in the evening session, but that
the bill then under consideration will be the
internal revenue bill.
'Mr. ELDRIDGE.- We wish to understand
exactly how this matter stands because we
were deceived and disappointed by the action
of the House last night. The evening session
last night was set apart for the consideration
of the Army bill, but instead of that other im-
portant matters were taken up and considered
by the House with barely a quorum of mem-
bers present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
order of the House read for the information
of members.
The Clerk read as follows :
Ordered, That there be an evening session as often
as necessary lor tho consideration and disposition of
the intornal tax bill,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to post-
pone the taking of the recess until this question
is disposed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice that I shall
press tho consideration of the internal tax bill
this evening.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the House, according to order, took a
recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
internal taxes.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order,
at half past seven o'clock p. m., in Committee
of tho Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1000) to re-
duce into one act and to amend the laws relating
to internal taxes.
message k.rom the senate.
The committee informally rose; and Mr. Wil-
son, as Speaker pro tempore, took the chair,
when a message from the Senate was received
by Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, informing the
House that that body insisted upon its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No.1570) makingappro-
pnations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses for the fiscal year ending June 80, 1870,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
asked for a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate Messrs. Mor-
rill of Maine, Sumner, and Howe.
internal taxes again.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means, offered in lieu ofsections one hun-
dred and thirty-nine to two hundred and fifty-
one, inclusive.
Mr. SCHENCK. This amendment is very
long ; it is simply the existing law in regard to
spirits and tobacco. I ask unanimous consent
to dispense with the reading of it. i
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to dispense with the first reading, or with
the reading entirely?
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to dispense with
the reading of it, but to allow amendments to
be offered to any part of it. I have a number
to offer on behalf of the Committee of Ways
and Means. It will -be open for amendment
by any gentleman. I will further ask consent
to take the'subjects up separately for conven-
ience, and to consider first what relates to dis-
tilled spirits, so as not to go from one subject
to another.
Mr. HOLMAN. So that the subject is left
open for amendment I do not suppose there is
any objection.
Nonobjection being made, the reading of the
substitute was dispensed with, and the subject
of distilled spirits was first considered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer an
amendment to section two, by striking out the
following:
The tax on brandy made from grapes shall be tho
same ami nu lug er than that upon other distilled
spirits, and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
hereby authorized, wuh the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to'exemptdistillers of brandy from
apples, peaches, or grapes exclusively from such
other of the provisions of this aot relating to the
manufacture of spirits as in his judgment may seem
expedient.
A.nd by inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby
authorized to exempt distillers of brandy made ex-
clusively from apples, peaches, and grapes from such
of the provisions of this act relating to the manufac-
ture of spirits as In his judgment may seem expe-
dient, but not toabate the taxes thereon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the present
law absolutely excepts brandy so manufactured
from any tax, while this amendment proposes
to leave it discretionary with the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to make the exemption.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will look
at -the text of the amendment as printed he
will find it to be the law as it now stands. The
provision of the present law is that "the tax
on brandy made from grapes shall be no higher
than that upon other distilled spirits." That
was put ifi by the Senate. We thought at the
time it only created ambiguity, because all
distilled spirits are put on the same footing, at
fifty cents, besides the other taxes. The pres-
ent law provides that there may be an exemp-
tion of " distillers of brandy from apples,
peaches, or grapes exclusively from such other
of the provisions of this act relating to the
manufacture of spirits as in his judgment may
seem expedient." Now, sir, that exemption
has been claimed by some to mean an exemp-
tion from the taxes, and to make the matter
clear we have stricken out that ambiguous
phrase, ''that the tax on brandy made from
grapes shall be the same, and no higher," &c.,
as having really no meaning, and offered a
general provision that "the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is hereby authorized to ex-
empt distillers of brandy made exclusively of
apples, peaches, and grapes from such of the
provisions of this act relating to the manufac-
ture of spirits as in his judgment may seem
expedient, but not to abate the taxes thereon.''
The object is to take away, at the discretion
of the Commissioner, from some of these small
distillers of apple and peach brandy and various
good liquors these onerous restrictions and
requirements which apply to the larger dis-
tillers among the rest; the prescribing of the
use of a meter. It is thought that a meter
which will cost from two hundred to over two
thousand dollars, according to the size of the
distillery, may very well be dispensed with in
the case of these small distillers who make but
a few barrels in the course of a year, and all
that is left as now, though in rather clearer
terms, to the discretion of the Commissioner;
but he is not permitted to interfere with the
amount of the tax. I will say, in this connec-
tion, that there is a special tax of $400 that
we have also amended, in another part of the
bill, so as to relieve in some degree the small
distillers.
