70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SCHOOL LA.NDS. I
_Mr. FERRY introduced a bill (H. II. No. j
lo38) donating for school purposes a lot of |
hind and the building thwreou kuowti as the '
old Indian dormitory, in the village of Mack- !
maw, Michigan; which was read a first and j
DC'C,°i'-ld time' rcfurred 10 the Committee on the i
i liblic Lands, and ordered to be printed. |
ENOCH LYTLK. |
w introduced a bill (H. j
K. iSo. lt>34) to grant a pension to Enoch I
Lytle ; which was read a first and second time, I
and referred to the Committee on Invalid l|
tensions. j
IIEKUY N. MiltltY.
LOLGHRIDGB also introduced a bill
(II. It. No. 1.535) for the relief of Henry N.
Kerry, a soldier of the sixth Iowa cavuhy ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
December 14,
girna, asking Congress to pass the bill entitled
A. bni to incorporate the Washington and Cin-
cinnati National Railroad Company;" which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
CHESAPEAKE AND OIHO RAILROAD.
Mr. POLSLEY also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of the State of West
Virginia, asking Congress to aid in the com-
pletion of the Chesapeake and Ohio railroad,
and moved that the same be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
I he SPEAKER, The Chair would remind
the gentleman that a resolution of the same
character was presented a few minutes since
by his colleague from West Virginia, [Mr.
tiUBiuRD,] and referred to the Committee on
Xj-oads and Canals.
Mr._ POLSLEY. Very well; I will with-
draw it.
ASSAY OFFICE IN MONTANA
POST ROUTE INI IOWA. j
Mr. LOUG1IRIDGE also introduced a bill I
(a. It. Ao. 1G3GJ to establish a post route J
from Centrevilic, [owa, to Moultoti, Iowa; ii uiei
which was read a first and second time, and i ures.
*-.?T.ed h?,the. Committee on the Post Office |j J0UN s. sijateu.
! /rr^'i'v C-.4VANAUGH also introduced a bill
(fx. R. «o. 1-530) for the relief of John S. Sla-
I'r' CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (IT.
~ !' to locate and establish an assay
office in the Territory of Montana; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee oil Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
nroe '
and Post Roads
AMI'NDMENT TO TIIK COWS TI J'UTIOX.
_ _Mr. LOUGIIBLIDGB also introduced a
joint. resolution (II. R. No. 383) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be piinted.
-MILITIA IN TUB JtKCONSntl'CTKD STATUS.
PAINE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
looi]I to repeal certain provisions of section
six of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the suppoit of the Armv for the '
year ending June 30, US(,8, and for other pur- '
poses, approved March 2, 1807: which wis !
lead a first, and second time, and referred to .
the Committee on UocousUuetion. I
iv.\oo\-noAi> rx oukgon j
Mr. MALLORr presented the memorial of 1
the Legislature of Oregon, asking from Con-
giess a grant of lands along the line of a wairon-
l'',\ i'T j snamook valley to the Portland
road at Lafayette, Yamhill county, Oregon - 1
Public SidrfilT<,d 10 the Co,u"'i -e °  ^ |
INDIAN DKPJlKDAXrONS IN OilKGOV. j
Mr. MALLOliY also presented joint icso- '
ufimi.s- of the Legislature of Oregon, relative !
to the appo.nlment by Congress of a commi.s- !'
MO 1 to investigate and take proof as to losses i
]ndhn°d oi. Oregon on account of ;
, depredations since the renort of the
fast commission; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
LAN/) GRANT TO OKKGON.
Mr. MALLORY also presented joint reso-
lutions of ihe Legislature of Oregon, relative to
granting and continuing to the State of Oregon
tu-viiui lands; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
POST ROUTE IN OREGON.
Mr. MALLORY also presented the memorial
est A?' JeK'a atlfe °' Oiegon, requesting the
establishment of a mail route from Rosebnrg
ron^'S'liS, <,0nlty' t0 Ua;,(io!Ph post office, fn
Coos county, Oregon ; which was referred to
Koads?'Umittee °U Ule P°St 0ffice and Post
CHESAPEAKE AND OIIIO IIATLROAD
Mr IIUBBAllD, Of West Virginia, pre- .
sented ,,oint resolutions from the Legislature !
oiMVesi Virgmm asking Congress to aid in I
the completion of the Chesapeake and Ohio I
railroad; which were referred to the Com- !
mittee on Loads and Canals.
WASHINGTON AND CINCINNATI RAILROAD. j
POLSLM presented a joint resolution I
of the Legislature of the State of West Vir-
ter; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
BENJAMIN LEVY.
j CA'VANAUGH ajs0 introduced a jjjji |
,j (II. If. iNo. 1510) for the relief of Benjamin i
jj Levy; which was read a first and second' time, 1
■ ; anci referred to the Committee of Claims. |
WILLIAM 51. STAFFORD. I
' 'TT^1> ^■1'rANAU'Gn also introduced a bill j
i, VVl'or lhe r<"lie'' of William M.
.Stafford ; which was read a first and second
tune, and relerredto the Committee of Claims.
ADMIRALTY JURISDICTION.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (II. R. No.
to regulate and limit the admiralty juris-
diction of the district courts of the United
States m certain cases ; which was read a first
I and second time, referred to the Committee on
I the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
I THOMAS J. WJ3BB.
I ,^[r- CORLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No
for the removal of the disabilities of
J homasj. H ehb, a citizen of South Carolina;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
VAItNRY A. OASKILL.
1^1WY0 rN(} i"t,l;oauGe(1 a bill til. R. No. I
1. 44) to relieve of disabilities Varney A. Gas- '
Kill, of Iuilton county, Georgia; which was
lead a first and second time, and referred to
ttic Committee on Reconstruction.
NKV,- ORLEANS AND SIIIP ISLAND CANAL.
i^M\SY?,II??I\intrOf,"00d a bil1 (H. R. No.
Io4oj to aid ill the construction of the New
read".."LT f P I!?lln.d ''anal' which
read: ,t fi.st and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
ORDER otf BUSINESS.
biiu'0 S,P?^f KBR- There being no further
.a"(1 J°'"' resolutions for reference, the
remainder of the morning hour will be devoted
to he reception of resolutions, commencing
with the State of Tennessee, w-heie The call
rested on the conclusion of the morning hour
on Monday last. *
KO-KLUX OUTRAGES.
Mr. ARNELL. I submit the following pre-
amble and resolution, and ask the previous i
question upon them : !
tiSrpJf a0ntefaS3iSUoitiZ°enb,eoPfrfl?; i
wh"red: ^ !
or otherwls?, at tlle%arU Jt lay poSble.°USe'by MU
_ I he question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BROOKS. Does this resolution embrace
all the States where outrages are committed,
not only the southern States but the northern
and western States?
_Mr. ARNELL. Wherever there are ICu-
Klux organizations.
Mr. BROOKS. I shall object to it unless
it embraces alUhe States where there are out-
rages. I call for a division of the question.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken upon the resolution, and then upon the
preamble.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered : and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
lhe question recurred upon the preamble.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the votes
by which the preamble and resolution were
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the'table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TWENTY l'Wl CENT. COMI'BNSATIOX.
,tt^p 'nlr<)ci,'ce(I a joint resolution
(U. in. JN'o. oSf) granting additional compen-
i s:\tlon '° certain emplojfes in the civil service
I of the Government at Washington; which was
read a first and second time.
lhe question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. SI OKES. Upon that question I call
the previous question.
i he joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that there shall be allowed and paid out
of any money applicable to the purpose, here-
tofore or heieafter to be appropriated, to ihe
same classes of officers and other persons in
the civil service of the United States Govern-
ment at, « ashington embraced in the joint res-
olution of Congress entitled "Joint resolution
giving additional compensation to certain em-
ployes in the civil service of the Government
at \\ ashington, passed February 28, 1807, an
additional compensation of twenty per cent o-i
their respective salaries as fixed bv law 0-
where no salary is fixed by law, upon" their pay
respectively from and after the 30ih day n'f
June 18(57, to the 30th day of June, 1SC9
Hal if any such officer or other person shall
have performed service for less than one year
he or she is to be allowed the twenty per cent'
upon the sum he or she may hav"e actually
leccived for such service. All such additional
o^X'pu'ent nVmay-be dli,e t0 the emp'°>es
of the Patent Office is to be paid out of the
""J® °/ that offics- The resolution is not to
apply to persons whose salaries as fixed In-
law exceed $2,500. It is to include such per-
sons as ha\e been employed in any caDiicitvin
the Government PriiAinJ 0mJ I
p  i r* ™ei"tS the watcl« en on the Dome
of the Capitol and in the Capitol grounds • the
«Con°W" : ,1.'e f°rernen 0f
at ore on the Capitol extension ; the watch-
men m said extension, whether inside or out
and the employes of the jail. °Ut'
Mi. BENJAMIN. I raise the point of order
aU^n a1S|0hlt resolu.tion conlains an appropri-
ation and must receive its first consideiat on
m Committee of the Whole.
poult6 STif AKE,U'. The C'la:,r OTe™les the
K ® i6S° ,0" Provi(les that the money
c-ibL to the °Ut ° ^"y aP*-)r°Pr!i^w« appli-
after t!f h I "!P0Se heretofore made or here-
not X made" VK re l"tion itself will
not take a,ny money from the Treasury.
th f^t HL0RNE, of Illinois. I move
that the joint resolution be referred to the
0n ^PPropriations.
leSP^AICER. The gentleman.from Ten-
nessee [Mr Stokes] has called the previous
to refer"'" takesPreoedence of the motion
Mr. BENJAMTN. I move thit *
resolution be laid on the table. J
