1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The Chief Ci.eek. That portion of the sec-
tion, if amSfided as proposed, will read:
Tho compensation of the femaleclerksemployedin
the several Departments of the Government shaJl be
the same as clerks of the first class, and a sufficient
sum to pay said increased compensation to female
elerks is hereby appropriated.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I moveto
Strike out after the word " dollars," in line
fourhundred and fifty four, down to and includ-
ing the word "appropriated," in line four hun-
dred and sixty-one.
The PRESIDENTpr-oiempore. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The compensation of thefemale clerks employedin
the several Departments of the Government_sha)l be
thesameasc/erksof the first class, and a sufficient sum
to pay said increased compensation to female clerks
is hereby appropriated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the words just read.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope those words will
not be stricken out. I think the Committee
on Appropriations have fixed this bill just as it
should be in this respect. I cannot understand
why the Senator wants to strike out that pro-
vision. I should like to hear some reason for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When we
first began to employ female clerks the salary
was fixed at $600. The next year or so we
raised it to $720; soon after we raised it to
$900 ; and every member of Congress, whether
in the House or in the Senate, will bear wit-
ness to the increased number of applications
consequent upon the increase of tlie salary. I
venture to predict that if this provision shall
prevail it will end in the abandonment of the
employment of female clerks in (he Treasury
or any other Department, for it is giving so
much greater compensation than females can
obtain at home that they will in large num-
bers seek employment here at Washington.
Of those who are employed from my State I
have no doubt I have five applicants for one
that I am able to find a place for. There are
numbers of females who are qualified to teaeli
school in various States who receive no more
than from one hundred and fifty to two hun-
dred dollars a year, therefore it is a great
object for them to come here. If we shall
raise the salary up to the average of the sala-
ries given to men there will be a throng of
them here, and so great an anxiety to get the
places that those who are here will have but
a comparatively short term of service. I re-
gret it as the entering measure for abolishing
entirely any provision for the employment of
female clerics
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will not insist upon the amendment
that he has offered. Of course, if he does it will
open a debate on this question which will be
almost as endless as the debate upon the ques-
tion which we have had under consideration
for the last two or three days. The Senator
from Vermont has undertaken to tell the Sen-
ate that labor performed by females ought to
be discouraged because there are so many ap-
plicants that it will result in displacing them
fiom the Departments entirely. Now, Mr.
President, there can be no good reason in that.
The Senator must know that where labor is
performed the compensation should be accord-
ing to the capacity and character of the labor;
and if the same labor is performed by one per-
son as by another, and the same amount of
time in the day bestowed on it, why should not
the compensation be the same? I know very
well that there are female clerks in the De-
partments doing the work of $1,800 clerks,
and yet they cannot get the compensation.
They do it day by day and month by month.
In soraefewmstauces men have the clerkship,
and then sub-let it to females who perform it
for about half the pay. Men draw the whole
salary, and get the work done by females for
one-half and pocket the balance.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator if lie
knows any case of that kind?
Mr. POMEROY, Such cases are reported
to me. I am not in the Departments and do
not know positively about it; but such cases
are reported to me. I might refer here, if I
chose, to a source of information which the
Senator from Massachusetts would not dispute
himself. I do not choose in this debate to use
any names or refer to any source of informa-
tion that would give any unnecessary publicity
to anything I might say; but I want the Sen-
ator from Vermont to show the Senate, if he
can, any good reason why, if the same amount
of labor during the day is performed by a
female clerk that is performed by a man she
should not have the same compensation; and
the fact that several years ago when this experi-
ment was first tried we found that we could
employ females at $600 a year is no reason
why it should be continued. It is the labor
performed that should be compensated, with-
out regard to the fact whether it is performed
by a male or a female.
The Senator objects because there are so
many applicants; he can get this labor so
cheap that from his own State he has five appli-
cants where he can get employment for but
one, I am sorry that is so; but what does it
argue.'
It
that the avenues of employ-
ment and labor are not open to this class in his
State, or that he has more of this class than of
the other.
By the last census you will see that in the
New England States there is a disproportion.
There are in Massachusetts perhaps twenty-
five or thirty thousand more females than males.
All this goes to-show that it is a class of labor
that we should secure and encourage, rather
than discourage and discountenance. There
is no reason why this labor, which is so indus-
triously and patiently performed, should not be
creditably paid for. No female can in Wash-
ington get board and clothing any cheaper than
a male clerk. No avenues are open to them
to lessen their expenses. They have, I may
say, increased expenses; but I will admit, for
the sake of this argument, that they have equal
expenses here in Washington with male clerks,
and why should they not be compensated as
well? The objection to it is only a relic of
that former barbarism which considered them
as having no rights which men were bound to
respect. We have been in the habit of paying
them a mere pittance, and they have eked out
an existence with great carefulness, because
they have been restricted to a compensation
perfectly disgraceful. Their patient labor, per-
formed by day and by night, has not been com-
pensated either by the Government or in the
States as it ought to be.
The Senator says they are well qualified for
school-teachers. Why are they not paid as
reasonably and as liberally for teaching school
as men are ? Simply because of the fact which
I think exists that they are so numerous, so
many are unemployed, and competition is
greater, and hence female school-teachers can
be hired for less wages than males. But it is no
good ground. It may bea misfortune to a class
of persons to be more numerous, especially in
certain States, and to be competitors for labor
where there is more competition, but why
should we work that m.sfortune when they come
to perform labor for the Government into a
discrimination against them ? There is no good
reason for it. I protest against being a party
here in the Senate or anywhere else to dis-
crimination against labor performed by female
clerks. They have as many expenses ; they are
as industrious ; they should be encouraged ;
labor should be as well paid when performed
by them as by any other class.
I do not care to go into this whole question
and discuss it on an appropriation bill. The
fact is I deprecate anything that leads to pro-
tracted discussion on the appropriation bills.
If it is the intention of the Senate to pass those
bills, as I suppose it is, I hope the Senator
from Vermont will withdraw his amendment.
This is the first time in the history of this Sen-
ate when the avenues have been opened equally
in all the Departments to male clerks and
female clerks, and I do not want to be dis-
couraged and have the project defeated when
it is first presented.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understand the nature
of this amendment, I think it ought to be
adopted to effect the purpose intended by the
honorable Senator from Kausas. If the amend-
ment should not be adopted the law will then
stand: "The compensation of female clerks
employed in the several Departments of the
Government shall be the same as clerks of the
first class." Under such a law no female could
be employed to labor for less pay than $1,200
a year and only on work for which more than
$1,200 a year is paid. This would operate, in
females, for there isa vast amount of work
my opinion, deleteriously to the interests of
styled clerical performed in the different De-
partments that is done by persons who can be
employed for less than $1,200 a year, if the
heads of Departments are disposed to econo-
mize; but if you compel them if they employ
females to pay $1,200 they will in all human
probability, having reference to the interests of
the Government, employ boys and children to
do that which ladies now do, such as counting
notes, counting fractional currency, and ser-
vices of that kind.
In my opinion this amendment ought to be
adopted; and then, if the Senate desire to put
ladies on the same footing with gentlemen
there ought to be added to the bill a section
running in about this way, "that notMng in
this act or in any existing law shall prohibit
the head of any Department from employing
females at the same rate of salary with males
for clerical service."
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
would be entirely right if this clause did not
confine the provision to clerks. It has no ref-
erence to anything else. "It is for the com-
pensation of female clerks; " it does not touch
the other form of labor performed.
Mr. HARLAN. Probably the Senator over-
looks the fact that there are a great many per-
sons employed out of the contingent fund on
what is called the temporary list of clerks at
a less compensation than $1,200 a year.
Mr. POMEROY. They may be employed
in labor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that this
proposition before the Senate should be em-
barrassed in its detiils by any suggestion such
as is made by the Senator from Iowa. It seems
to me so eminently just and proper that females
employed in the public service should have
the same pay, the same compensation for doing
the sam", work, that males receive that I do
not see upon what ground the Senator from
Vermont makes his motion to strike it out.
Why females who are now introduced into the
various Departments of the Government to per-
form clerical services, to write up the records
and write letters and copy papers, should be
paid less for furnishing the copy than males I
cannot conceive. It seems to me eminently
proper that this provision recommended by the
Committee on Appropriations, and which has
already passed the House, should be retained
in the bill.
Now, sir, I am not in the situation of the
Senator from Vermont, who seems to be trou-
bled with having a great many applications
from ladies for places in the Departments, or
have a great many persons in the Departments
whom he may have recommended. I am not
aware that there is a single female in any De-
partment of this Government who owes her
place to any recommendation of mine. It is
possible there may be one. If so it is a case
that occurred some half dozen years ago, and
I do not know whether that person is in the
Department now or not. So that, as far as I
am concerned, I can speak indifferently in
reference to this matter in regard to any of the
employes at the present time.
I think the time has come when, if we are
to have ladies in the Departments performing
clerical duties there, we should pay them for
those duties the same that we pay gentlemen.
Upon what principle is it? Why does the
Senator from Vermont object to it and ask to
