I0M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
now stands under the interpretations it has
received. When we left hero last summer
,mahy members, and I among them, thought
that we had framed the.lawin such a shape
■that this distillation could be carried on. I so
informed my constituents; and they made their
preparations to go into the business of distill-
ation ; but they were met at the threshold by
the assessor with a eharge of $400, which was
perhaps twice the value of all the liquor that
many of them proposed to make. I think
that sueh legislation is unwise as well as un-
just.
I wish to add one word in this connection,
and I do not intend to consume much of the
time of the committee. In my country we have
small distilleries of the character spoken of
by the gentleman fromNorth Carolina, distill-
eries which have been running for years, and
which supplied the spirits we used in that neigh-
borhood with some more to send abroad.
Under this law those distilleries have been in
almost every instance stopped, and what spirits
have been used we have been compelled to
bring from across the Ohio, where they have
been manufactured at the distilleries referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio. My people
feel it to be a great hardship to be forced to go
across the Ohio and to the cities of the North
for the spirits which they may have occasion
to use and which they themselves have been in
the habit of distilling.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I regret that my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means did not
permit us to go through with the amendments
agreed upon before he suggested this amend-
ment to accomplish the object he has in view.
I think that his object will be accomplished
much better if he will wait until we get to that
part of the bill which relates to special taxes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Under that explanation
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer an amendment to
the fourth section.
Mr. WOOD. The third section has not yet
been acted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The entire amendment
is open for amendment; and the gentleman
from Ohio is now offering the various amend-
ments to the amendment which have been
adopted by the Committee of Ways and Means.
When the committee have concluded the offer
of their amendments the proposition is open
for amendment in any part of it.
Mr. WOOD. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that he had better dispose of this
hill by sections just as it is printed. I desire
to say a word in reference to the third section,
and with the permission of the gentleman I
will move to strike it out altogether..
Mr. SCHENCK, I am perfectly sure we
are adopting that mode which will most expe-
dite our business. This amendment is offered
as an entirety ; but it relates to two or three
subjects, and X have asked that that part be
first considered relating to distilled spirits. On
that subject we have amendments to offer, and
when we are through with the amendments of
the committee it will be in order for the gen-
tleman to move any amendment to any part
of the proposition as it has been amended by
the committee.
Mr. WOOD. It is an unusual mode of pro-
cedure, as the gentleman himself will admit.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is not an original
bill, but these are the sections of the present
law, submitted here as a part of the geueral
system which we wish to provide, and they are
open to any modification by any amendment
which any gentleman may suggest.
Mr. WOOD. I understand, then, that no
Section is considered as having been adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. When we get through
with our amendments the gentleman can move
to strike out the third section if he chooses.
We ax-e now amending our own proposition.
I move in section four,-line eleven, after the
word "process" to insert the words "and
the amount of the tax shall be estimated on
the quantity to be ascertained by the modes
in this act prescribed of the spirits actually
obtained at the completion of such process."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. - I offer another amend-
ment to come in on page 7, and as that will
be followed brother amendments of the same
kind, I wish to submit an explanation. I move
on page 7, line thirty-one, section six; to strike
out the words "or refine" and insert "or re-
fine, mix, or compound." Now, Mr. Chair-
man, under the present law, rectifiers are
compelled to have their establishments at the
distance of some one hundred feet from the
distilleries. Rectifiers are put under certain
restrictions; but compounders of liquors, who
pay a special tax, are not put under the same
restrictions, and the consequence is that every
rectifier has become a compounder of liquor ;
and stores for compounding liquors have been
put up close to the distilleries, while the recti-
fying establishments have been kept at a dis-
tance. Now, our object is to abolish this idea
of a business to be called "compounding of
liquors," to make everybody who mixes com-
pound liquors the same as rectifiers, and in
this way get control over the compounders and
put'them under the same restriction as recti-
fiers.
It is but a little while since in the city of
New York a seizure was made of a distillery,
a very large establishment, where it was found
that the worm was tapped before it reached
the meter and a pipe was carried down through
a solid post and through a beam or sill bored
for the purpose up into the cistern-room,
so that they might empty the cistern-room
or send liquor back to the cistern at their
pleasure, according to the necessities of the
inspection that should be taking place in order
to determine the condition of the cistern. By
a collusion with the storekeeper it was found
that access was obtained to the cistern-room
through an opening or door through which a
man could force himself with some difficulty,
and the staple which fastened the lock on the
door was so arranged that it could be bent or
unfastened from the inside, and thus frauds
were carried on for a considerable time until
the detection took place a few days ago, and a
very large seizure was made. In this case
there was a compounder of liquors alongside
of the establishment, and all these frauds were
perpetrated by a collusion between the distill-
ery and the compounding establishment into
which the pipe connected and through which
the liquor was carried off. Our proposition is
to bieak up this opportunity of fraud under
pretense of having compounding establish-
ments, and to put all the mixers and compound-
ing of liquors of every kind that have hereto-
fore been called compounders upon the same
footing as rectifiers. This amendment is one
of a great number intended to accomplish that
object by changing the phraseology of the law
so as to meet that necessity.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK.. I move another amend-
ment of the same kind in section six by strik-
ing out the words "or refined " and inserting
instead the words " mixed or compounded."
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCIi. I move to amend section
seven by striking out the words "passage of
this act'1 and inserting instead the words " 20th
day of July, 18(58."
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I desire to know pre-
cisely what, that means.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the Clerk read the
correction.
The Clerk read the clause as proposed to be
amended, as follows:
In any ease whore the owner of a distillery or dis-
tilling apparatus, erected prior to tho 20tli day of
July, 1868, has an estate, &c.
Mr. SCHENCK./ It means simply this:
"prior to the passage of this act " is the lan-
guage of the present law. Well, the present
law was passed the 20th of July, 18G8, and we
amend it so that the general law may agree with
the date of the passage of the act of July, 1808.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I believe the gentleman has
been directly or indirectly connected with this
internal reveniiS system from its origin, or ever
since, unfortunately for this country, we were
obliged to resort to internal taxation. We have
had the benefit of his great experience and
industry on very many varieties of subjects.
Under his advice amendments and alterations
in the law have been made by which we have
attempted to secure a revenue from whisky
distilleries and make men honest. Now, the
question I desire to propound to the gentleman
is, and his answer will have an influence on
my vote on this bill and the various amend-
ments, whether he will say to the House that
he has at last discovered the mode by which
the revenue can be obtained from the whisky
as it shall be made, or whether hereafter we
shall require any more legislation by which to
make these whisky men honest and secure
this tax to the Treasury. I would like to know
whether this is a finality or whether we are to
have it served up again after the 4th of March.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman, in the
first place, is mistaken in his premises. I have
not been connected with the legislation for the
revenue service as long as ho supposes. My
duties pointing in that direction only devolved
upon me at the last session of this present Con-
gress. When the revenue system was first estab-
lished, so far from legislating upon it at all, I
was where I was supported in part by the pro-
ceeds of this revenue while trying to do my
best to hurt the friends of the gentleman in
the field. [Laughter.] But when I did come
into Congress I had nothing whatever to do
with the revenue until this present Congress.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will excuse me
for interrupting him. I think that his reflec-
tion upon my political friends and myself is
totally uncalled for by any remarks of my own
or by the character of this debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. At any rate they were no
friends of mine.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman should not
voluntarily enter into the discussion of his mil-
itary career, because at the proper time, when
he will force that question upon the attention
of the House, why probably I may be able to
show that neither my political friends nor his
military enemies were very much injured by
that attempt of his. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. That is very possible;
but I did the best I could, and that is all that
can be expected of any one.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means a ques-
tion.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I cannot possibly get along
unless I am permitted to answer one question
at a time.
Mr. BECK. I only wish to ask a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman ought not
to ask it now. 1 am endeavoring to reply to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. BECK. I thought the gentleman was
through.
Mr. SCHENCK. When first I had any
service to perform in connection with this rev-
enue legislation 1 found myself in the position
of discovering that there were twenty-six acts
on the statute-book relating to the revenue,
contradictory, ambiguous, and of different in-
terpretation, some seeming to cover the same
ground and some antagonizing with each other,
and the first thing that struck me was that we
needed a revision of the whole system, so as
to reduce, as this bill proposes to do, the entire
legislation into one act that should be harmoni-
ous and consistent with itself; and that is the
duty upon which I have been laboring from
that time to this.
Now, the gentleman asks me whether I think
this will be a finality? ' I do not know that it
will. Human legislation is not very apt to end
as long as humanity lasts ; but I think 'a great
deal will have been accomplished if we go
through with the revision of all the laws in
