72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. BROOMALL. For the purpose of con-
sidering and adopting it.
The SPEAKER. Then it will be open for
debate.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not say I will not
yield for an amendment.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will
state exactly what he desires the Chair will
put the motion.
Mr. BROOMALL. What I desire is to have
the resolution considered now, but I do not
want to prevent all amendment to make it bet-
ter or stronger.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman moves to
suspend the rules for the purpose of intro-
ducing the resolution. If the motion is car-
ried the resolution will then be before the
House and open to debate,
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and
lioys.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it he in order to
ask for a division of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. Not now; it will be on
the question of agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I give notice that I will
call for a division of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question will then
be on the preamble and that part of the reso-
lution on which a separate vote is not de-
manded.
Mr. PRUYN. Before that will it be in
order to move to amend ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules : and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas IGo, nays 29, not voting 57 ; as follows:
YK — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Bnker, Baldwin, jlanks, Ueamnn,
Boatty, Benjamin, J3injfha.ru, Bhiir, Boutwell, Bowcn,
Lot den, Broomall. Buckley, Itmlcnok It. Butler,
0,1 Hi., Churchill, Header \V. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Coljb.Oobnrn, Cook. Code v. Covode, Cutlom, Dawes,
Dcivivse, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery. Donnelly, Driggs,
Kckley, Kd wards, Jigglcston, lila.liliot, FariiMvorth,
Fem^, Fields, French, Garliold, Gove, Gravely,
Gnswoid, Haugchey, Hawkins, lligby, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Hotel)kiss, Chester i). Hubbard, Richard D.
Ilubb.ird, lluntei, ingersoll, Jeiickcs, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kclioy, Kelsey, Kotcham,
Kitchen, ICoont?., Dash, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
Jtam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lougbridgc, Lynch,
Mallory, Marvin, Muyimrd, McCarthy, McKee,
Mcrcur. Miller, Moore, Moorliead, Morroll. Mor-
ris,-soy, Mulhns, Myers, Newshnm, Noms, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Pcrhain, Peters, Pettis, Pike, Plants,
Poland, I'olslev, Price, Raura, Robertson, Schenek,
Kcolietd, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stewart, Stokos, Stover, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor,
Thmms, Trowbridge, Twiehell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwaladcr C.
Wushbuiin, Ulihu B. Washburne, Ilonrv D, Wash-
bum, William B. Washburn. Wclker, Whittemore,
W liliam Wil tin ins, Ja.mes F. Wilson. John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridgo—135.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Brooks, Burr, Oary, Getz, Golladay, Grover, Holrnan,
Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Marshall. Mc-
Guriniok, Mungen, Niblack, Phelps, Pruyn, Robin-
son, jtoss, Sitgrcavcs. Stone, Lawrcnce S. Trimble, i
Van Tramp, Wood, Woodward, and Young—li9. !
WOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos It. Ash- 1
ley, Barnes, Barnum, Beaton, Blackburn, Blaine,
Boles, lioycr, Brorawoll, Buckland, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Chanlcr, Clift, Cornell, Delano, Dodge,
hldridge, Ferry, Fox, Glossbrenncr, Goss, Itn.ight,
Ilalsey, Hamiltou. Harding, Heaton, Hill, Asahef W.
Hubbard. Hulburd, Johnson, Kollogg, Kerr, Laflin,
Logan, MeCullough, Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn,
Pierce, Pile, Pomeroy, Prince, Randall. Roots, Saw-
yor, feelye. Shellabarger, Stevens, Tabor, Tift. John
Trimble, Van Au ken, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal,
and Thomas Williams—57.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not propose to
debate the resolution. The language of it is
as plain and clear as it can be made by any
words of mine. 1 do not desire to have the
resolution debated at much length. I propose
therefore to call the previous question, unless
some gentleman wishes to say something on
the subject.
Mr. PRUiN, I should like to say some-
thing.
Mr. BROOMALL. How short?
Mr. PRUYN. Five or ten minutes. ,
Mr. BROOMALL. I am urged all around |
to call the previous question, and I do so. I
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow a !
communication from the President to be read? 1
Mr. BROOMALL. I am urged all around
not to take up the time of the House, but to
call the previous question, and I do so.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I ask a division of
the resolution.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman allow me
to offer a substitute for the resolution ?
Mr. BROOMALL. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. At what point does the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
desire a division ?
Mr. RANDALL. After the word J1 repudi-
ation." The first part of the resolution is an
expression of opinion ; the second proposes to
say what we shall not do in the future.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman de-
sires a division after the word ''people."
Mr. RANDALL. Yes; after the word
u people.1'
The SPEAKER. The resolution is divisible
at that point.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
privilege of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Broomall] who introduced the resolu-
tion to say a few words in reference to the last
clause of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That would require the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. He has one hour to dis-
cuss the resolution after the previous question
is seconded.
The SPEAKER. He has not, not having
reported the resolution. Jf he had reported
the resolution from a committee he would have
been entitled to an hour; but having simply
offered the resolution he has not that right.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope the gentleman will
allow my substitute to be read. [Cries of
"No, no," and "Object."]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read that
part of the resolution on which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] demands a
separate vote.
The Clerk read as follows:
And that undor no circumstances will their Repre-
sentatives consent, to offer the public creditor, as full
compensation, a less amount of money than that
which the Government contracted to pay him.
Mr. RANDALL. Now, I want to say that
the first proposition contained in that resolu-
tion  
Mr. BROOMALL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
preamble and the first part of the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand a division so
as to have a separate vote on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
previous question would operate on the pre-
amble and resolution unless some gentleman
di manded a separate vote. It was not de-
manded. The preamble simply recites an
extract from the President's message.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think it does not recite
all that it ought to in order to show what the
President meant.
Mr. RANDALL. I supposed that the pre-
amble and resolution required a separate vote.
That is the usual course. But I want to call
the yeas and nays on the first part of the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. A separate vote could
have been had if gentlemen had demanded it
in time.
Mr. RANDALL. It has been the custom
to have a separate vote on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated dis-
tinctly that if a separate vote was required it
must be asked. The question now is on the
preamble and the first part of the resolution,
being that part not reserved by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I think the Speaker mis-
conceives what I desire to get at. I want a
naked vote on the first part of the resolution,
disconnected altogether from the preamble.
Mr. BROOMALL. You cannot have that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated the
parliamentary condition of the question. It
is, unfortunately, too late to call for a separate
vote on the preamble except by unanimous
consent-
Mr. RANDALL. Then the Speaker de-
clines to entertain the demand for a division
of the question.
The SPEAKER. He does; as he stated pre-
viously, that the vote would be taken together
unless a separate vote was demanded. He
gave au opportunity to the House to ask a
separate vote and no gentleman took advan-
tage of it.
Mr. RANDALL. I took advantage of it to
call for a division of the resolution. I supposed
that of course there would be a separate vote
on the preamble.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
preamble and first clause of the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say that we here
understood that a separate vote would be taken
upon the preamble. I move, for that purpose,
to reconsider the vote by which the previous
question was seconded and the main question
ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 37,
not voting 50 ; as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bout-
well, Bowen, Boyden, Bromwell,Broomall, Buckley,
Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Corley, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey,
Dixon. Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Edwards. Eggle-
ston, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield,
Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Haugbey, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander H. .Tones. Judd, Julian, Kellcy, Kelscy,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lash, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin.Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhend, MorrelJ, Mullins, Myers, News-
bam, Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perharu. Peters,
Pettis, Pile, Plants, Poland. Price, Prince, Raurn,
Robertson, Schcnck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stover,
Taffe,Taylor,Thomas. Trowbridge, Twiehell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash burn, Eli hu B. Wash bui ne,
Henry D.Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Whittemore, William Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Stephen I?. Wilson, Windom, and
W oodbridge—131.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bcek,
Coyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanter, Eldridge, Gets.
Glossbrenner, Golladny, Grover, Holinan, Hotchkiss,
Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, MeCor-
mick, McCul lough, Mungen, Niblack, Phelps, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson, Ross, Stone, Taber, Tift, Law-
rence 8. Trimble,Van Trump, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles,
Buckland, Benjamin F.Butler,Cake, Cornell, Delano,
Dockery, Dodge, Kla, Farusworth, Fox. Haight, Hal-
sey, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins, Heaton. Hill,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Johnson,Kellogg, Laflin,Loan,
Logan,Loughridge, Marshall, Morrissey, Newcomb,
Nicholson, Nunn, Pierce, Pike, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Roots, Sawyer, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Sypher, John Trimble, Van Auken, Robert T. Van
Horn,' and Thomas Williams—50.
So the motion to reconsider was laid ou the
table.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
preamble and first clause of the resolution, as
follows:
Whereas the President of the United States, in
his annual message to the Fortieth Congress at its
third session, says: '" It may be assumed that the
holders or our securities have already received upon
their bonds a larger amount than their original in-
vestment, measured by a gold standard. Upon this
statement of facts it would seem but just and equit-
able that the six per cent, interest now paid by the
.Government should be applied to the reduction of
the principal in semi-annual installments, which in
sixteen years and eight months would liquidate the
entire national debt. Six per cent, in gold would at
present rates be equal to nine per cent, in currency,
and equivalent to the payment of the debt one and
a half time in a fraction less than seventeen years,
lms, m connection with all the other advantages
derived from their investment, would afford to the
public creditors a fair and liberal compensation for
the use of their capital, and with this they should be
satisfied. The lessons of the past admonish the
lender thatitisnotwell tobeoveranxionsin exacting
from the borrower rigid compliance with the letter
of the bondand whereas such sentiments, if per-
mitted to go to the world withontimmediateprotest,
may be understood to be the sentiments of the people
