1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
What the Senator from Connecticut
seeks to secure is, that if the head of a Depart-
ment should appoint a female to any one of
these grades, of class one, two, three, or four,
she shall receive the same pay as a male clerk
would receive if appointed to that grade, and
that being his object it seems to me his amend-
ment is right.
I do not perceive that the additional clause,
providing for the employment of sixty females,
changes the argument in the least, for that
does not say they shall be of either of these
grades. The language is: "sixty female
clerks, §72,000."
I suppose that that leaves it discretionary
with the head of the Department whether he
will employ clerks of the one or of the other
grade, and he is not compelled to employ any
one of them unless in his opinion the exigen-
cies of the public service may require it; but if
be should employ female clerks for any one of
the classes named in the bill, the honorable
Senator desires that the female shall receive
the same pay as if a male elerk had been
appointed to a position in that class.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask to have
it reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to in-
sert after the word " as " and before "clerks,"
in line four hundred and fifty-six, the word
" male," and to strike out the word "first" in
linefourhundred and fifty-seven before "class"
and insert "same;" so that if amended the
clause will read:
The compensation of the female clerks employed
in the several Departments of the Government shall
be the same as male clerks of the same class.
Mr. JPERRY. Then strike out down to the
word "and " in the four hundred and fifty-ninth
line.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has
been already stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to in-
quire of the Senator from Connecticut how
extensive he understands that proposition to
be'? I suppose there are six or seven hundred
females employed in the different Departments
of the Government. Does he understand that
this proposition will place all those females
employed in any way upon the compensation
of first-class clerks, or does he attach any im-
portance to the word " clerks?"
Mr. FERRY. The object of this amend-
ment is simply to provide that when females
are employed in the several Departments as
clerks, in whatever class they are employed,
they shall receive the same compensation as
males in the same class. If hitherto the female
clerks employed in the several Departments of
the Government have not been classified, I
suppose that, under the operation of this bill,
if passed as amended, they will be classified,
and will simply receive the measure of justice
of getting the same compensation with male
clerks of the same class. That is my object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
does not quite understand me. I understand
that the law attaches a particular meaning to
the word "clerk." J'Clerk," as employed as
relating to the public service in any of the
Departments means an accountant, means a
person employed in keeping accounts or rec-
ords, implying the necessary skill to perform
that service. So under the civil service bill
they are classified as first, second, third, .and
fourth class, according to their skill in that
business. Now, the Senator knows that there
are five or six hundred females, more or less,
who are employed in the public service, but
not as clerks in any sense. They are em-
ployed in various ways; some of them as mes-
sengers, but the great bulk of them are sim-
ply employed in the registry and Treasury De-
partment, simply counting money—nothing
else. Does the Senator understand that his
proposition covers that class? That is what I
wish to know.
Mr. PERRY. If the females now employed
are clerks the amendment would reach them
and provide for their compensation according
to the class to which they belong. If those
now employed or hereafter to be employed
are not clerks, then the amendment would not
affect them and would leave them precisely as
they are.
Mr. CONNESS. And in addition I will say,
with the permission of the Senator from Maine,
that if the Secretary should see fit to take all
these female employfiswho are not now classed
as clerks, but employed in occupations other
than clerical, and transpose or appoint them
into any class of clerks, they would under this
provision get the compensation to which the
class to which they were appointed was entitled.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then, as I get
the meaning more explicitly from the Senator
from California, it is that the female employes
as distinguished from clerks, those who are not
employed in clerical duty, are not affected.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all. It does not
apply to them. It cannot in any way. If men
have been employed to do the work they do,
and called clerks, then of course it would
change the case ; but they are not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
Mr. HOWE. " Fair play is a jewel." I do
not see why the law is not already sufficient
to-day to give female clerks the same pay that
male clerks have.
Mr. CONNESS. They do not do it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from California
says they do not do it. I do not know that
they do not. So far as I understand the mat-
ter, every clerkship in every one of these De-
partments is wide open to the competition of
hrttVl /*1$)qqpq
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law has fixed a
different pay.
Mr. HOWE. The law has not fixed a dif-
ferent payment, but the law has done another
thing; it has declared how many clerkships of
these different classes there shall be, and thrown
those open to the competition of both classes
alike, as I conceive; but in addition to that it
has created a certain number of employments
which it holds to the exclusive use of the fe-
male sex and excludes from these employments
all males. So far as the law is concerned, you
cannot charge that with partiality toward the
male sex, for it opens every opportunity to a
female that it does to a male and opens hun-
dreds of opportunities to females from which
males are excluded. If females do not get as
high pay in the Departments as males—and
that is the fact, I suppose—it is because they
are not appointed to these places, and not be-
cause any law excludes them. So if the object
of this amendment be to open the path to pre-
ferment to these ladies it is unnecessary. There
is no call for it. The path is open already.
The simple proposition is, the practical effect
of it will be just this, I take it, and no more ;
to raise the pay of all females now in the De-
partments from $900 to $1,200 a year. There
will not be any more female clerks employed
than there are now ; there will not be any
more clerks employed in both classes, because
the number is limited by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to read him a statute which
will show him that he is entirely mistaken in
this respect, as I think ? I have before me the
statute passed March 14, 1864, which goes on
to provide that in the various offices clerks may
be employed ; in the office of the Commissioner
of Customs one clerk of class three, three of
class two, and four of class one, providing for
various clerks all through. Then comes this
provision:
"And the heads of the several Departments are
hereby authorized to employ females instead of any
of the clerks hereinbefore designated, at an annual
compensation not exceeding $600 per year."
That has been changed to $900, but the
female clerks were instead of those clerks pro-
vided for in classes one, two, three, and four;
it gave them the work without the pay. That
was the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been changed
entirely since.
Mr. "TRUMBULL. Changed by increasing
the salary.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator from Illi-
nois, if he will trace our legislation through on
this subject, will find that the law does not
stand to-day as he reads it there ; but I will not
have any dispute with the Senator from Illi-
nois as to how the law is. I will make him a
fair proposition : that if the law does exclude
females from any of these appointments I will
agree to the amendment of it so that they shall
be as eligible as men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the propo-
sition.
Mr. HOWE. I know it is not. I say I will
agree to that amendment. I will open the
avenue to all.
- Mr. CONNESS and Mr. FERRY. That is
what this does.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir. I will open the ave-
nue to all these employments as wide to females
as to males; but the purpose and the end, I
think, of the pending amendment is, as I said
before, simply to raise the pay of the females
who are now in the Government service from
$900 to $1,200 a year. If the motive upon
which it is urged is to prove our devotion to
the sex, I have to say simply that I know of
a better way of proving my devotion to them
than to vote for this bill ; and consequently if
I wanted to prove my devotion to them by the
offer of money, I would go a larger figure ;
$000 a year is not enough. It does not meas-
ure my devotion to that sex.
If the object of this amendment is not this,
but to benefit the Government and get a better
class of service, a better kind of labor into the
Departments, that is a motive which has not
been yet avowed, and will not be avowed be-
cause no one will pretend that you will get
any better female labor at $1,200 than you do
at $900 a year.
Now, if it is urged (and that is the argument
which has been so far made) that they do just
a; much labor as males and therefore ought to
have just the same pay, I will not make any
issue with any gentleman who asserts that they
do the same amount of labor; but conceding
it to be so I say the consequence does not fol-
low. You may get at Mackinaw lake trout for
two cents a pound, on which you can make
just as good a meal as you can on the most
delicate fish that are found anywhere in the
world, and yet you know that at Mackinaw
there are many kinds of fish that bring an
enormous price. Mr. President, the simple
truth is that female labor, as society is con-
stituted, does not command so high a price as
male labor. The Senator from Kansas says
he regrets that. I am sorry for it, too. I will
agree to an act of Congress reconstructing
human society, andlettheSenatorfrom Kansas
draw the act, though perhaps I should want to
move some amendments. That is the way
society stands to-day. The number of ladies
who will be employed, whether you make the
salary $1,200 or $2,500, is limited. Do you
say you are doing justice by these ladies ? You
are doing injustice to all the rest of the sex as
well as to the Government when you are tax-
ing all the rest of the sex to confer a special
benefit on the few who are thus employed. I
do not think that is doing a favor to the sex
at large. With the exception of the few who
get the salary, the rest have to contribute to
pay it, and I think they would rather pay $900
than pay $1,200 a year.
But, Mr. President, it is not so much the
fault of the law after all, that female labor
commands less than male labor. It is not the
fault of the law that employ m ents are not open to
females. There are but very few employments
under this Government, so far as I know, from
which females are excluded by law. The pro-
fessions are open to them ; every department
of industry is open to them that I know any-
thing about, and I think that almost all the
offices are open to them so far as the law goes.
There is no law excluding them. I do not
