1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1777
know why they do not get into them. I sup-
pose if the ballot was put into their hands they
would get these offices ; at least a great many
ladies think they would, and I am not sure that
they would not. I should hate to compete
•withthem. Indeed, without the ballot I should
hate to run against one of them for any office
I know of. But the law is not to blame. They
have the full privilege of going into any of
these employments, but they do not go. Here
and there one does engage in some of these
pursuits. Some succeed, but others, as is the
case with our own sex, do not succeed. I am
unwilling to give a vote here or to say a word
that will throw any impediment in the way of
either any man or any woman who does not
have a fair chance in the world's strife; but I
do not think we are called upon or permitted
to vote money out of the Treasury needlessly
in order to indulge a mere sentiment of ours.
There are better ways in which we can advance
the interests of the female sex at large than
this proposed now, simply voting an additional
$300 to the inconsiderable number of them
who are employed in these Departments, and
therefore I shall vote against this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is usually easy when
persons do not wish to do a thing to find diffi-
culties in the way of accomplishing it. Now,
various amendments are thrown in the way of
accomplishing what seems to have been the
desire on the part of the House and of some
members of the Senate, and that is placing
males and females on an equality so far as they
perform the same service. The Senator from
Wisconsin has trouble about it because he thinks
the lawis oneway. Now, it is very easy to ascer-
tain in any of these Departments whether a
female is performing the same kind of service
as a male clerk. The person at the head of a
division knows if two clerks are put to copying
papers, one of whom is a man and the other a
woman, whether they are performing the same
kind of service, and if they are performing the
same kind of service and one does the same as
the other, it is easy to pay them the same com-
pensation. Now, what is the law? I wish to
satisfy the Senator from Wisconsin that he is
entirely mistaken as to what the statutes now
are. I read when I was up before from the
statute of March 14, 1864, which provides for
a great number of clerks in the various offices
of the Government, in the Comptroller's offi-
ces, all the various Auditor's offices, the Treas-
urer's office, the Register's office, the Commis-
sioner of Customs's office, the office of the
Secretary of the Navy, of the Adjutant Gen-
eral, &c., and after providing for these various
clerks, amounting to hundreds, some of whom
are in the first, some the second, some the
third, and some the fourth class, the statute
then declares :
"And the heads of the said several Departments
are hereby authorized to employ females instead
of any of the clerks hereinbefore designated, at an
annual compensation not exceeding $600 per year,
wlienoverin their opinion thesameean be donecon-
fiistently with the interests of the public service."
By that statute of 1864 the female clerks were
to be paid $000 when employed instead of male
clerks, not one of whom was to receive less than
$1,200, and many of whom were to receive
SI.800. That was the law of 1864. The pay j
of the female clerks has been raised since that, >
but has that statute been changed ? I read now I
from a statute passed in 1866, raising the pay of
the female clerks ; and what does it. say ?
" That the female clerks and counters employed in
the several Departments and bureaus whose appoint-
ments are made by the several heads of Departments
under the provisions of law, and whoso legal compen-
sation has heretofore amounted to $720 each por an-
num—"
Twenty per cent, was added to $000, making
it $720—
"and the female clerks employed at the Post Office
Department shall, from and after the 30th day of June,
toob, receive in lieu of all other compensation an an-
nual salary of §900 each per annum; and the o mount
necessary to pay the increased salaries herein pro-
vided for is appropriated," &e.
It appears that when you put all these stat-
utes together the law stands as it has been
stated in the Senate. I think if we adopt the
40tii (Joxo. 3d SfcirS.—Xo 112.
amendment proposed by the Senator from Con-
necticut the heads of the Departments will find
no difficulty in paying females the same com-
pensation for labor that males receive for per-
forming the same labor, and I hope the Senate
will adopt it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not feel disposed
to interfere with this matter any further than
to state what in my judgment is necessary.
The Senate will notice that in this section and |
several of the sections females are described |,
under the head of " copyists." Take the Third jj
Auditor's office; they give him ten copyists. .!:
In the Second Comptroller's office they are
called "copyists." Now, there are clerks, so
to speak—those who do the proper business of
a clerk in the office—and there are'' copyists,''
females described as "copyists," and there are
"counters;" and the law which the Senator
from Illinois has just read speaks of "clerks"
and "counters." If you have this provision
simply saying that the female clerks employed
in the several Departments shall be paid so
and so, it is doubtful whether, taking the stat-
utes together, copyists merely and counters
would not be excluded.
Mr. TRU MBULL. Are there not male
copyists and counters ?
Mr. PESSENDEN. There are no male
counters, but there are male copyists; there
are clerks who do this labor. You will notice
that in the Third Auditor's office there are so
many copyists: females are not mentioned ; so
in the Fourth Auditor's room, so in the Second
Comptroller's room, there areso many copyists
authorized in addition to the clerks, and these
are females; and then in General Spinner's
office, whe're you give sixty female clerks, they
are about all counters. In the Register's office
they are all counters. Now, it depends upon
what you mean. If you can confine this in-
creased compensation to those who do the
clerical duty, so to speak, it will apply to very
few persons in the Departments. It would take
all, probably, in the War Department; there
are but about thirty ; it would take a very small
number in the Treasury Department. If you
mean to cover the whole—and I see no reason
why they should not all be put on the same
ground, for they work equally hard, and the
business of counters, if they do their duty well
and are capable, requires a good deal of care
and   great deal of skill also—I do not see why
you should not put in after "clerks " the words
"copyists and counters," so as to leave no
doubt as to the true construction of the law.
If, on the contrary, you mean simply to con-
fine it to those who do clerical duty, then it
stands well enough as it is now and would
apply to a very few persons.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to
amend, if it is in order, the amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut, by inserting
al'terlhe word " Government" the words "and
performing clerical duty;" so that it will read :
The compensation of the female clerks employed
in the several Departments of the Government, and
performing clerical duty, Arc-
Mr. FERRY. I do not think those words
ought to be inserted. If there be the distinc-
tion which has been suggested by the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden]—I am not suf-
ficiency familiar with the Departments to judge
myself whether that distinction actually exists
or not—-I then certainly would make no ob-
jection to the insertion of the words " copyists
and counters" after "clerks," and put the
three in. My sole object is to give those em-
ployed in the Departments of the Government,
of either sex, the same compensation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Who do the
same work.
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But unless these
words which 1 propose to put in are construed
to be words of exclusion, and the Senator ac-
cepts them, I can see very well that it will apply
to persons who are employed not as clerks
who are there, and they will have the same pay
with male clerks while they are in no sense
clerks. My-object, therefore, is to express, a
distinction between those who are properly
clerks and those who are doing other duty.
Mr. CONNESS. My answer to the sugges-
tion of the Senator who has just spoken is
this: if there be in a Department a man called
or denominated a clerk or otherwise, or not
denominated, who performs a given work which
may be performed as well by a female, and
the head of that Department*sees fit to appoint
a female to do that work, then this amend-
ment gives the female the compensation for
it that the male receives. Why not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am willing to
do that.
Mr. CONNESS. That is what the amend-
ment provides. If there be employed there
persons performing labor which has never been
performed by any male clerk they are not
affected by this amendment at all. No addi-
tional words are necessary to provide that they
shall not be affected or included.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
objection to it?
Mr. CONNESS. The objection that exists
to all surplusage, to saying that no is no and
yes is yes, when we already know the propo-
sition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Everybody's
vision may not be quite so clear as the honor-
able Senator's. I can see that the words of
this amendment are inclusive, and they will
include, and it will be insisted that they fairly
include a class of persons who are not tech-
nically clerks, and therefore I submit to my
honorable friend that as a doubt can fairly be
raised it is safer to make it explicit by words
of exclusion, and therefore I hope it will be
acceptable to say "and performing clerical
duties.'" If it is in order I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will not
be in order until the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut is disposed o£ The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I move to
insert after the word "government," in line
four hundred and fifty-six, the words " and
performing clerical duties."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose there cannot
be any mistake about that. This means that
this increased compensation shall be confined
to those who do clerical labor. It does not
affect those who are counting. That is what
the Senator means. It does not affect those
who count notes, and it does not affect those
employed in any Department except in per-
forming clerical labor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may cover about a
dozen or a couple of dozen in the whole Treas-
ury Department. That is the way it stands
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to include the
counters and copyists undoubtedly. I thought
the Senator from Connecticut was going to
insert those words, "copyists and counters."
Is there any objection to inserting them? If
not, I move that they be inserted.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from Illinois
will permit me to state to him that I endeavored
to frame an amendment after the manner which
he has just suggested, and I found it confused
the sentence. His object willbe accomplished
by adding after the word "class," intheamend-
ment already adopted, the words "and female
counters and copyists shall receive the same
compensation as male counters and copyists."
Mr. POMEROY. There are no male
counters.
Mr. FERRY. There may be at some future
time. It will do no harm. That will cover
the whole ground.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will accept that.
The PRESIDENTfwotemjwe. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed, after the
word " class," in line four hundred and fifty-
seven, to insert " female counters and copyists
shall reeeive the same compensation as male
counters and copyists."
