1369.
THE! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
102B
relation to internal reveniie, and reduce into one
act harmoniously the whole system of legisla-
tion upon this subject. This particular amend-
ment, of which an explanation is sought, is
simply this: when we were endeavoring to get
through a general bill of this sort last year we
were met and stopped, as it was alleged, fox-
want of time, and we were told that because
we could not at the last session pass the bill
we had better take out of the general bill so
much as related to distilled spirits and tobacco
and pass them separately. We sought to do
that, and did finally get a bill through. It was
passed on the '20th of July, 1868. The general
bill remained in Committee of the Whole.
Now that we have taken up that bill covering
the whole revenue system, we offer as an amend-
ment the provisions in relation to tobacco and
spirits which passed and became a law, and in
doing so we lind in it the expression, "from
the passage of this act." That was the 20th
of July last; and we simply propose to strike
out those words where they occur and intro-
duce the proper date. That is the whole of
the amendment. I am ready now to reply to
the question of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I desire to say a word or two..
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment, and the gentleman can renew it.
Mr. BECK. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of calling the attention of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Soiiexck,] to a point in connec-
tion with this subject. Perhaps the difficulty I
have to suggest may be obviated hereafter. In
my district there are several cases where men
have in good faith leased property and erected
distilleries, and it has been ascertained after-
ward that the title to the property was defect-
ive, because it was vested in infant heirs or
married women, who were unable to give the
consent required by law. The Commissioner,
therefore, was unable to take from them bonds
and security to make good to the Government
any liability the property might fall under.
Therefore these distilleries must be torn down
nnless some future date is fixed by the law.
And I would suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to so frame his amend-
ment that the Government may be secured by
ample bonds that the property shall be liable
for whatever penalty may be incurred.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have an amendment to
come in hereafter which will cover that point.
Mr. BECK. Very well; I will wait till that
amendment is offered.
Theqnestion was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Schexck, as moved by Mr. Beck ;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. SOHENCK. I now move to amend
section eight of this amendment by striking
out the words "the passage of this act," in
the clause which now reads, as amended, as
follows:
In any case where the owner of a distillery or dis-
tilling apparatus, erected prior to the 20t.h of July,
1868, has an estate for a term of years only in the lot
or tract of land on which the distillery is situated,
the lease or other evidence of title to which shall
have been duly recorded prior to the passage of this
act, the value of such lot or tract of land, together
with the building and distilling apparatus, shall be
appraised in the manner to be pi escribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Hcvenne, Jirc.
And I move to insert, in lieu of the words I
propose to strike out the following words :
That date, or in like case where the lease or other
evidence of title less than fee-simple is held but not
required by the laws of the State to be recorded, or
in case such owner is possessed of the fee but
incumbered with a mortgage executed and duly
recorded prior to said 20th of July, 18(58, and not
due.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. SoHEycK.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck]—for I
suppose he is aiming precisely at a point which
I desire to have accomplished—whether the
amendment he now suggests will not fail to
/LDttt floW. 3d Sess.—No. 65.
accomplish the purpose he desires. There-are
State's—and I'thintc the State of Wisconsin is
one—where, although the statute does not re-
quire the lease to be recorded, it is also pro-
vided that the parties may have it recorded; it'
is not mandatory, but it is permissible. Now,
it strikes me that the amend men tof the gen-
tleman will take away the right'of these parties
under the laws, whore the laws provide that
the leases may be recorded, although it does
not require them to be recorded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I understand the
gentleman, and there is no such difficulty as
he anticipates may occur. I will, in the first
place, explain our object. • The general pur-
pose, as provided in this section, is to require
those who build distilleries to build them upon
property of their own, of which they own the
fee unincumbered; but while that is required
of all future builders of establishments of this
kind there were distilleries which had been
erected prior to the period when this act went
into effect. In some cases those distilleries
had been built tipon leasehold estates; in other
cases they had been built upon property which,
although the owner of the distillery had the
fee of it, was still incumbered by mortgages,
judgments, or other liens. And the latter part
of the section is to provide for such cases.
Where the mortgage or other incumbrance
is due, it is no hardship to require that the
owner of the property shall pay it off. But it
sometimes happens that tlie incumbrance is
not due. In that case he cannot pay it; lie
ought not, perhaps, to be required to pay it.
Even if he wishes to pay it perhaps he cannot
do it, for the person holding the mortgage may
desire to retain it as an investment. We there-
fore propose, in all such cases where the dis-
tillery has been built upon property the estate
of which is one of a term of years, is a lease-
hold, or where there is an incumbrance of a
mortgage not yet dug, that the party shall not
be required to tear down his distillery, but
shall be permitted, in lieu of having either the
fee-simple or the consent of the incumbrancer
that the property may be subject to forfeiture
to the United States for any violation of the
law, to give a bond to cover all those points;
and it is for that very object that the last,
clause was introduced.
Provision is made in the bill with reference
to cases where the lease has been duly recorded.
But since the bill was framed it has been
brought to the attention of the committee that
there are a number of States—and Massachu-
setts has been particularly instanced—where the
lease is not required to be recorded ; and there-
fore we do not make the requisition in such
cases. It. has also been brought to the atten-
tion of the committee that there are cases like
that which I have mentioned, where the in-
cumbrancer himself is not willing that the in-
cumbrance shall be paid off, because he desires
to hold it as an investment. It is to meet all
those cases that we propose the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. From the reading of the
amendment which the gentleman proposes I
cannot discover precisely what its effect will
be when incorporated into the section ; but I
desire the gentleman to understand that in cer-
tain States a lease running over three years
must, in order to be valid, be of record, while
a lease running for any period less than three
years is under the law of the State valid with-
out being recorded. Now, if the gentleman
in his amendment has provided for a case of
that kind, he has accomplished all that I desire
in respect to this matter.
Mr. SCllliNCK. I think that is provided
for, as the gentleman will see when 1 read the
amendment in connection with the clause to
which it relates:
In any case where the owner of a distillery or dis-
tilling apparatus, erected prior to July 20,18(18, hrs
a.u estate tor a term of years only, in the lot or tract
of land oil which the distillery is situated, the lease
or other evidence of title to which shall have been
duly recorded prior to that data, or inlik<' easewhure
the lease or other evidence of title less than fee-
simple is held but not required by the law pt tae
State to be recorded, or in easo such owner is pos-
sessed of the foe, but incumbered with a mortgage
executed and duly recorded prior to said 20th of'
July, 18G8, and not due, the vatae of such lot of tract
of land, together with the building and distilling
apparatus, shall be appraised in the manner to be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue';
and the assessor is hereby authorised to accept, in'
lieu of the said written consent of the owner of the
fee, the bond, of said distiller, with not less than two
sureties, who shall be residents of the collection dis-
trict or county, or an adjoining county in "the same
State, in which the distillery is situated, and shall be
the owners of unincumbered real estate in said <Hs-
crict or county, or adjoining county, equal to such
appraised value.
The amendment covers just such cases as
the geutleman has mentioned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment pro forma. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. The amendment as he has framed
it covers the cases referred to by him; but an
additional word is, I think, needed to include
another class of cases, where the title is held
by infants or married women who cannot give
their consent. In such cases also it should be
provided that bond may be taken and the valu-
ation made. The amendment, in its present
form provides for cases where the mortgage is
not yet due, but I think a man ought not to
be compelled to tear down his distillery where
it turns out upon investigation that he cannot
obtain the required consent from the owner of
the fee or the owner of the incumbrance, be-
cause the fee or the incumbrance is held by an
infant or a married woman who is incapable of
giving the necessary consent. An additional
word or two will cover this class of cases,
which, I think, ought to be protected as well
as those where the mortgages are not due.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has suggested a class
of cases not covered by the section or by the
amendment in its present form. But 1 believe
I can modify the amendment so as to meet his
suggestion.
Air. BECK. That is all I desire.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment for the present, intending to offer it iu a
few moments in a modified form.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend section
eighteen by striking out in line three the words
''and compounder of liquors;'' by inserting
in line eight after " rectifier" the word "or
by striking out in line nine the words 4< or
compounder;" by inserting in line ten after
" spirits" the word "or;" by striking out in
liues ten and eleven the words " orcompounder
of liquors;" by inserting in line twenty-seven
after "rectifier" the word "or;" by striking
out in line twenty-eight the words '' or com-
pounder of liquors;" by inserting in line thirty -
two after "establishment" the word "or;"
aud by striking out iu lines thirty-two and
thirty-three the words "or in the store of any
compounder of liquors;" so as to make the
section read as follows :
Sec. 18. Andbe it further enacted. That every per-
son engaged m distilling or rectifying spirits, and
every wholesale liquor dealer, shall plaee and keep
conspicuously on the outside of his distillery, recti-
fying establishment, or place of business, a. sign, ia
plain and legible letters, not less tha,n three inches
in length, painted in oil colors or gilded, and of a
proper and proportionate width, the name or firm
of the distiller, rectitier or wholesale dealer, with
the words: "Registered distillery," ' rectifier of
spirits." or " wholesale liquor dealer, as the caso
mavbe: and no fenceorwallof aheight greater than
five" feet shall be erected or maintained around the
premises of any distillery, so as to prevent easy and
immediate access to said distillery; and every dis-
tiller shall furnish to the assessor of the district as
nianv keys of the gates and doors of the distil lory as
may be required bv the assessor, from time to time,
for anv revonue officer or other person who may be
authorized to make survey or inspections of the
premises or of the contents thereof; and said distill-
ery shall be kept always accessible to any officer or
other person having anysuoh key. Any person who
shall violate any of the foregoing provisions of this
section by negligence or refusal, or otherwise, shall
pay a penalty of $5110. Any person not having paid the
soeeial tax, as required by law, who shall put up the
si'mi required by this section, or any sign indicating
that he may lawfully carry on the business of a dis-
tiller, rectifier, or wholesale liquor dealer, shall for-
feit and pay ^1,100, and on conviction shall be im-
prisoned not less than one month nor more than six
month"; and any person who shall work in any
lUstiileiy, rectifying establishment, or wholesale
liquor sfcie 011 which no sign shall be placed and
kept,.!« hei oinbefore provided; and any person who
