1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7a
of the United States and their Representatives in
Congress: Therefore,
ilcsvlved. Til at all iorras and degrees of repudiation
of national indebtedness are odious to the American
people.
Upon this question the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to lay the pre-
amble on the table; and on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 133, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beek,
Boyer, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Eldridge,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Holman,
Motchkiss, Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, McCormick, McCullough, Mungen, Nib-
lack,Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Boss, Sitgreaves, Ta-
bor, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Trump, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey. Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham. Boutweil,
Bowen, Boyden, Broomall, Buekley, Roderick R.
Butler, Callis, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook.Corley, Covodc.Cullom, Dawes, Dcweese,
Dickcy, Dixon, Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Edwards, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield, Gross, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Haughey, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd. Hunter, ,
Ingersoll. Jenekes, Alexander IS. Jones, Judd, Ju-
linn, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketchaui. Kitchen, ;
Koontz, Lash, Geoige V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy,McICee, Mcreur, Miller, Moore,
Moorb ead, Morrell, Morrissey.Mullins, Myers, News-
bam, Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcrham, Peters,
Pettis, Phelps, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Raum, Rob-
ertson, Sehcnck, Scofleld, Shanks, Smith, Spalding.,
Starkweather, Stevons.Stewart, Stokes, Stover,Taffo,
Taylor, Thomas. Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William W)l-
iains, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—133.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, DelosR. Ashley,
Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn, Blaine, Blair, Boles,
Bromwell. Brooks, Buekland, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cake, C11ft, Cornell, Delano, Dodge, Fox, Gove,
Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding, Hawkins, Hoa-
ton. Hill, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Johnson, Laflm,
Loan, Logan, Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn, Pierce,
Pike, Pile, Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Roots, Sawyer,
Sclye, Shollabargcr, Stone, Sypher, John Trimble,
Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, and Thomas Williams—51.
So the preamble was not laid on the table.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
preamble and first clause of the resolution,
upon which the yeas and nays had been or-
dered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I un-
derstand, 31r. Speaker, a negative vote on this
question will indorse the extract from the
President's message and favor repudiation.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 1-55, nays 6, not voting
GO ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell. James M.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Bar-
num, Beainan, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Linghani.
Blair, Boutweli, Bowen, Boyden, Boyer, Broomall,
Bucklev, Roderick 11. Butler, Callit. Cary, Cftanler,
Churchill, Reader W.Clarke,Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Cook, Corloy, Oovode, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese,
Dickey, Dixon, Donnelly, Drjggs, Eckley, Edwards,
Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, ierry,
1'icids, Frcnch, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Goss,
Gove, Griswold, Ilaughey, Hawkins. Higby. Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, ChesterD.Hubbard,RichardD.
Hubbard,Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckcs. Alex-
ander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, KeUogg.Kelsey,
Ivetcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lash, George V. Law-
rencc, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lough-
rid^e, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McKee,
Mercur, Miller. Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Morns-
^ev Mullins, Myers,Newsham,Norris, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine Perham, Peters, Pettis, Phelps, Pike, Pile.
PlanK Poland, Polsley. Price, Prince. Pruyn, Ran-
dall Kanra, Robertson,Robinson, Schenck, bconeld,
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Steven?. Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taber,
T iffe Taylor, Thomas, Tift, Trowbridge, Twichell,
TTnson Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van WycK,
w!,,"l.' Cadwalader C. Washburn. Elihu B. Wash-
burne Henry D. A\ashburn, William B. Washburn,
Welki.", Whittemore, William Williams. James F.
W.lson. John T. Wilson, Stephen f. Wilson Win-
dow Wood. Woodbridge, and \Y oodward-1.^.
X AYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Brojer, Thomas
Lfjones. MuriKen, and Lawrence S. T"™ble-6.
\-()T voting—Messrs. Anderson, Delos H. Ash-
lev Barnes,Beck, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Brom-
well Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cake, Clift. Cobh. Cornell, Belano, Dockery, Dodge,
Kidrnlgo, fox, Golladay, Gravely, Hs ght« Halfcey,
Hamilton, Harding, Heaton, Hill, Holman, A sab el
W TTnhbird Humphrey, Johnson. K.crr,_ Knott,
LaflimLogan, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, Mc-
Cullough, STeweomb, Niblaek, Nicholson, Sunn,
Pierce, Pomeroy, Xioots, Boss, Sawyer, Selye, Shei-
labarger, Stone, John Trimble. Van Auken, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Vidal, Thomas Wil-
liams, and Young—60.
So the preamble and first clause of the res-
olution were agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now re-
port the second part of the resolution, upon
which a separate vote was called for by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
The Clerk read as follows:
And that under no circumstances will their Repre-
sentatives consent to offer the public creditor, as full
compensation, a less amount of money than that
which the Government contracted to pay him.
The second part of the resolution was
agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL AND JOIST RESOLUTION.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill and a joint resolution of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 56S) to authorize the Secre-
tary of State to adjust the claim of Gustavus
G. Ciishman for office rent while commissioner
under the reciprocity treaty; and
Joint resolution (S. R. So. 170) in relation
to the library of the Department of Agricul-
ture.
FRAUDULENT VOTING IN NEW YORK,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I present under
the rule a memorial of the Union League Club
of New York, in reference to fraudulent voting
in the city and State of New York; and I ask
consent to offer the following resolution :
Reaolvfl,Tbnt the memorial from the Union League
Club of New York be printed, and that a select com-
mittee ol seven beappointed to investigate theirreg-
ularities and frauds therein alleged to have occurred
in the city and State of New York affecting the
recent election for Representatives to Congress and
electors for President and Vice President, and report
thereon to this House; and that the said committee
may bold sessions in the State of New York and else-
where by a quorum or by sub-committees of such
number as the committee shall delegate ; and that
they have power to send for persons and papers, to
administer oaths to witnesses, and to employ a clerk
and messenger, with such stenographic assistance as
they shall find necessary.
Mr. WOOD. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules, that the resolution may be in-
troduced and agreed to at this time.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Ohio
will give us an opportunity to have a few words
uf discussion upon this resolution I will with-
draw all objection so far as I am concerned.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I insist on my
motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would mquireof
the gentleman from Ohio whether the election
referred to is not now being investigated under
the authority of the people of New York?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. A respectable
portion of the people of New York have sent
here a memorial asking the adoption of this
resolution. If the gentleman will examine the
memorial he will find in it abundant evidence
that it is presented in good faith.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the. rules is not debatable except by unanimous
consent. „ ,. , , ,
Mr. CHANLER. I object to debate.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the memorial of the
Union League Club accompany this resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. BROOKS. Let us hear it read.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have it read. Let it be read by unani-
mous consent.
The SPEAKER. In order that the memo-
rial may be read the gentleman from Ohio
must first waive his motion to suspend the
rules. The gentleman from New York has the
right under the rule to have this memorial
read, but the motion to suspend the rules
covers that and all other rules.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I do not ob-
ject to the reading of the memorial, and 1 will
waive the motion to suspend the rules for the
present so that the memorial may be read,
provided that at the conclusion of the reading
the motion can be resumed.
Mr. BROOKS. What I wish to suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio is this: that when a
partisan body makes an ex parte representa-
tion it is but fair that the Representatives of
the city and State of New York upon this floor
should have an opportunity to replv to this
memorial. I do not think there should be any
objection to that.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The reading
of the memorial was called for by gentlemen
on the other side of the House. If this invest-
igation be had there will be abundant oppor-
tunity afforded to gentlemen for reply to this
memorial. Both sides of the question can be
examined into.
Mr. BROOKS. What I wish to suggest
further is, that the Union League of New York
city contributed hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars to carry the States of Ohio and Indiana.
I would like to know whether the whole coun-
try is to be investigated, an.d whether we are
to know the amount of money given by the
Union League of New York to carry Ohio and
Indiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the reading
of the memorial.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have the gentleman from New York
tell us what has become of Helmbold's sub-
scription .
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a parliamentary
question. I ask, if it be in order, for a divis-
ion of the resolution. The last resolution pro-
vides for one man to have the run of the hotels,
subjecting the Government to heavy expenses.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules suspends that rule with all others.
Under the rule the gentleman can ask for a
division of the resolution, but if two thirds
vote to suspend the rules that, rule is suspended
with all others.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washbukne] at the last session pro-
posed that none of these special committees
should be allowed to run the Government into
debt. This resolution does the very thing he
then protested against.
The SPEAKER. If that resolution had
been adopted a two thirds vote would suspend
that with all other rules.
Mr. RANDALL. Then, this committee can
run this Government into any amount of in-
debtedness.
Mr. ROBINSON. They are all doing it
now.
The House divided on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and there were—ayes 104, noes
42.
Mr. SCHENCK. There seems to be a good
many gentlemen opposed to this resolution,
and I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 35, not vot-
ing 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bout-
well, Bowen, Boyden, Bromweli, Brooks, Broomall,
Buckley, Roderick R. Butlcr.Callis,Chanler, Church-
ill, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
loy, Covode, Dawes, Deweese, Bickey, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela,
Eliot, Ferriss, Jt'erry, Fields, Garfield, fctoss, wove.
Gravely, Griswold, Haughey, Hawkins,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, tluater,
Jenekes, Alexander H. Jones. Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg. Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan. Lvnch, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCar-
thy, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
rell, Morrissey, Mullins, Myers, Newsham, Horris,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Prince, Baum,
Robertson, Schenck, Scofleld, Shanks Spalding,
Starkweather. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stover,
lor,Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell.Upson, van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
D. Washburn, William B.Washburn.Welker, Whit
temore, William Williams, James F. ^'lson-John
T. Wilson, StephenE. Wilson,and Woodbridge lii.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell BeeK,
Boyer. Burr, Cary, kldndge, Gctj, Glrasb e ,
Solladay. Srover, Holman, HotebkisS, Humphrey,
