1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
shall knowingly receive at, carry or convey any dis-
tilled spirits to or from any such distillery, rectifying
establishment, warehouse, or store, or who shall
Knowingly carry and deliver any grain, molasses, or
other raw material to any distillery on which such
sign shall not be placed and kept, shall forfeit all
horses, carts, drays, wagons, or other vehicle or
animal used in carrying or conveying of such prop-
erty aforesaid, and on conviction shall be fined not
less than $100 nor more than $1,000, or be imprisoned
not less than one month nor more than six months.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I offerthe following amend-
ment, to come in on page 25, section twenty,
line eleven, after the word "molasses" insert
" except that distilleries having a producing
capacity of less than one hundred gallons in
twenty-four hours, and in which grain or meal
is mashed by hand without the use of steam,
sixty gallons of mash, or beer brewed, or fer-
mented from grain, shall represent not less
than one bushel of grain."
Mr. PRICE. I wish to know what lie means.
Mr. ALLISON. I will say to my colleague
that there is a class of small distilleries who
manufacture in copper stills the sort of liquor
which gentlemen ought to drink, if they drink
at all, and when liquor is so manufactured it is
impossible to come within the requirements of
the law. We have been so told by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and
others who represent these small distilleries,
and the intention of this amendment is to enable
these small distilleries to continue their opera-
tion by enlarging the amount of the mash, but
still so qualifying it that the distilleries which
distill by the means of a steam process shall
not be included.
Mr. PllIOE. I wish to ask my colleague a
question, and I hope he will yield to me for
that purpose?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. PKIOlfi. Is the effect of this amend-
ment to reduce the tax upon liquor?
Mr. ALLISON. Not at all.
Mr. MULLINS. I desire to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that I have some experience in this thing
of distilling spirits, in long years past, however,
when I did it for my father. But so far as the
spirits themselves are concerned I have not
drank a drop as a beverage since 1816, at
night, on the 20th of December.
Mr. ELDRIDG-li. Does not thegentleman
think that lie has lost a good deal of time?
[Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield for a state-
ment of the gentleman's personal history.
Mr. MULLINB. In consultation with gen-
tlemen who are here from my own congres-
sional district touching this very question, they
tell me that they favor an amendment of the
law. The law as it now stands requires only
forty gallons of what is called pot-liquor for
mash.
A Member. Forty-five gallons.
Mr. MULLINS. Yes,' sir ; forty live gal-
lons. They put the meal in the tub, generally
two bushels, and then put in forty-five gallons
of_ pot-liquor for mash, so as to extract the
spirit. 11 the meal fails to give you the extract
lli n you have no spirit. With distilleries in
the country, which are very small, the law as
it now stands works oppressively, and the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio will
afford them that protection which they demand,
and I hope it will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SOHUNCK. I have now prepared an
amendment, which I think will fully cover the
point made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
and which I confess we had overlooked until
it was called to our attention by his remarks
this evening. I move in section eight, page
10, lines twenty and tweotv-one, to strike out
the words "the passage of this act," and in
lieu thereof to insert the following:
£ha.t date, or in like case, where the lease or
orncr evidence of title less than fee-simple is held,
but was not required by the laws of the State to bo
recorded, in order to be valid at the time of its exe-
cution, or m case such owner is possessed of the fee,
but incumbered with the mortgago executed and
dsly recorded prior to said 20th of July, 188S and
not djie, or in case where the fee is held by a feme
eouvert, minor, person of unsound raind, or other
person incapable of giving consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio to use the words "fee or less
estate.''
Mr. SCHENCK. That is provided for in a
previous part of> the bill.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move on behalf of the
committee to amend section thirty-four by
striking outthe words " rectifier or compound-
ers of liquors'' and inserting instead the words
" or rectifier."
Mr. RANDALL- How will that read ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is simply a continuation
of the provision by which we dispose of com-
pounders of liquors and make them all rectifi-
ers. This little amendment is made wherever
this language occurs.
Mr. RANDALL. Does that apply to the
provision in which prohibition is made against
rectifiers and distillers having their place of
business within six hundred feet of each other ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; it is to prevent
their taking refuge under the guise of com-
pounders of liquors in order to get rid of the
restriction upon them as rectifiers.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to ask the chairman
of the committee whether it has occurred to
the committee that the power granted to any
person to break up the ground adjacent to the
distillery for the purpose of searching into
illegal practices ought not to be guarded so
as to prevent abuse; whether under the section
as it is now worded it might not be lawful for
a volunteer, on his own suspicion, to exercise
this very harsh and rough process without any
restriction or guard whatever? I suggest that
it would be proper to require some warrant
from the judge of the United States court, or
some official process, before a person is thus
authorized upon his own responsibility to break
up and search the premises of any person who
happens to be near the unfortunate spot of
ground where the distillery is located.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask an-
other question of the chairman of the com-
mittee: whether this provision in reference to
the six hundred feet between the distillery and
rectifying establishment is retroactive as well
as prospective in its operation. For instance,
there is in the'city of Philadelphia a rectifying
establishment that has been transmitted from
father to son and various- successors for a
period of seventy years. Through the agency
of the assessor and collector a distiller was
granted permission to have liis distillery within
six hundred feet, and according to the terms of
the law the rectifier, although he had a place
of business there for the length of time I have
made mention, has absolutely been broken up
in his business. The question is now before
the United States district court, and from
certain indications given by the judge I under-
stand the court will declare that an act of
Congress which in this manner interferes with
the establishment of business of a citizen is
unconstitutional. I would like, if the chair-
man of the committee will permit it, that the
operation of this section shall be made pro-
spective only and not retrospective.
Mr. ALLISON. It will only be prospective.
Mr. RANDALL. It has not been held to
operate so in the present law. I think it is a
mere repetition in this section of the law as it
now exists.
Mr. SCHENCK. The oommittee have not
proposed any amendment whatever in regard
to that provision. It stands in the amendment
offered just as it is in the present law.
Mr. RANDALL. That is what I suppose,
except that you strike out the words " or com-
pounders," so as to make them rectifiers.
| Mr. SCHENCK. That is all. We have
j found (hat the rectifiers take refuge under the
j name of compounders, and the gentleman will
1 hud when we come to the definition of a recti-
fier that we have extended its meaning so as
to embrace the mixing and compounding of
liquors as well as rectifying.
Mr. RANDALL. That does not bring the
relief which I desire.
Mr. SCHENCK. That relief cati only be
obtained, if there be any in that direction, and
if the law is not to be sustained, by a decision
of the courts. . But we have not interfered with
that in this amendment. We leave the law as
it is.
Mr. RANDALL. "Would the chairman
object to a provision making "it prospective
and not retrospective?
Mr. SCHENCK. I could not, because we
have already passed that point, and our en-
deavor is to enforce the law.
Mr. ALLISON. I shall be compelled to
object if the chairman does not.
Mr. SCHENCK. It had better remain as
it is.
Mr. BAND ALL. I give notice that I will
try to get the amendment made.
Mr. Schenck's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Page 41, section thirty-three, in lines two and
three, strike outthe words "rectifierorcompounder
of spirits " and insert in lieu thereof 14 or rectifier
so that it will read;
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That on the de-
mand of any revenue officer, every distiller or recti-
fier shallfurnish strong,safe.and convenient ladders
of sufficient length to enable the officer to examine
and gauge any vessel or utensil in such distillery or
premises, See.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is evidently no
quorum in the House, and I shall feel com-
pelled to call for a division on the amendment,
not because I am opposed to the amendment,
but because I think it requires the concentrated
wisdom of all the members of the House to act
on this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
let us get through with these formal amend-
ments, and then we will adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offerthe followingamend-
ments:
Page 43, scction thirty-six, in lines eight and nine,
strike out the words " or of a compounder of liquors
in line fifteen alter the word "dealer" insert " or;"
in line sixteen strike out the words "or compounder
so that the section will read:
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That all distilled
spirits found elsewhere than in a'distillery or distill-
ery warehouse, not having beon removed therefrom
according to law, shall be forfeited to the United
States. And in case of the seizure of any distilled
spirits found elsewhere than in a distillery, distillery
warehouse, or other warehouse for distilled spirits
authorized by law, or in the store or place of business
of a rectifier, or of a wholesale liquor dealer, or in
transit from any one of said places; and in case of
the seizure of any distilled spirits found in any one
of the places aforesaid, or in transit therefrom, which
shall not have been received into or sent out there-
from in conformity to law, or in regard to which any
of the entries required by law to bo made in the
books of the owner of such spirits or of the store-
keeper, wholesale dealer, or rectifier, have not been
made at the time or in the manner required, or in
respect to which the owner or person having posses-
sion, control, or charge of said spirits shall have
omitted to do any act required to be done, or shall
have done or committed any act prohibited in regard
to said spirits, the burden of proof shall be upon tho
claimant of said spirits to show that no fraud has
been committed, and that all the requirements of the
law in relation to the payment of the tax have been
complied with, &c.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offerthefollowingameiid-
ment:
Page 44, section thirty-seven, line six, before the
word "compounded," insert "refined, mixed so as
to read :
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That no person
shall remove any distilled spirits at any other time
than after sun rising and before sun setting, in any
cask or package containing more than ten gallons,
from any premises or building in which the same
may have been distilled, redistilled, rectified, refined,
mixed, compounded, manufactured, or stored, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment:
Page 50, section forty-four, in lines two and three,
strike out the words "compounder of liquors;" in
line fifteen, before the word " compounding," insert
the words "mixing or;" in lines seventeen and
eighteen strike out the words "or in the frtore or
other place of business of the compounder;" so that
the section will read :
Sec. 44. And be %t further enacted, That any person
who shall carry on the business of a distiller, recti-
