1778
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the chairman of the committee what will be
the increased expenditure in the Departments
if the compensation of the female employes
be made the same as male employes, at $1,200
a year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it will
be an increase of about §400 on the average
of the entire body of female clerks, about six
hundred probably.
Mr. HE NDR iCKS. That would be $240,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is clearly
a departure from the principle on which the
honorable Senator from Connecticut and the
honorable Senator from Illinois started. That
was to place the female clerks on a par with
the male clerks. That I agree to, that any
female employed on the same work as a male
and doing the same service is entitled to the
same compensation. I think that is a clear
proposition. The amendment proposed by the
Senator from Connecticut was based on that
Idea clearly, and, as amended, I think makes
it explicit that they are to have the same com-
pensation ; but now a new principle, I submit,
is introduced. It is now extended to a class
of persons who are in no sense clerks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The copyists are clerks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There may be
some copyists, it is true, but there are more
counters. Counters of what, ? What does that
word " counter " mean ? There are counters
of money and there are counters of coupons.
To the counters of money there is some re-
sponsibility attached. There are some losses
arising from accidents and the like.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The word " counters"
is a statutory word, already introduced into
the law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know ; but I
mean to say, as a matter of fact, that it has a
broad range in the practical affairs of the De-
partments. It applies as well to counting the
coupons, which is a mere mechanical affair, as
to the counting of money, about which there is
responsibility ; and I do not understand that
there are any males employed upon that par-
ticular business. The Senator will see that
between the nominal business of counting
coupons and the duty of clerks to which this
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut
applies there is a very broad distinction. And
now, sir, if this proposition carries, then you
will have established a principle by which you
pay female employes not of a skilb'ul character
a very different rate of compensation from what
you pay men.
Mr. FERRY. Will the Senator allow me a
moment to have the amendment reported as it
now reads?
Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. Certainly.
The Chief Clerk. After the word " class"
it is proposed to insert—
And female counters and copyists shall receive the
game compensation as male counters and copyists
doing the same class of service.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the same prin-
ciple.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Suppose there
should happen to be a male copyist there, and
suppose there should happen to be a first-class
clerk detailed to count money, that would au-
thorize, I suppose, under this amendment the
same compensation for all the female counters.
Mr. FEHRY. Evidently not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If this is passed
the result of it will be throughout all these
Departments that while you have a very large
number of male messengers and male employes
at from six to eight hundred dollars a year, and
some as high as §900, the counters will be put
at $1,200, and the male employes, it strikes me,
will get but eight or nine hundred dollars.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator evidently mis-
apprehends the amendment entirely. As to
the suggestion he makes as to what would be
the case if a male were appointed a counter, I
think I can answer that. There are no counters
but females. I think if a male were appointed
a counter and set into the room the females in
that case would drive him out. I do not think
they would allow him. I think they would
simply defend their employment against the
intrusion. There is no dauger of its coming to
that in the Departments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me ask the
honorable Senator, then, how it affects the
price of labor at all.
Mr. CONNESS. It does not affect the price
of this class, and that is well understood.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. In my opinion you
ought to fix the whole matter differently as to
what the female should receive. The mistake
that my friend from Connecticut makes, if he
will permit me to say so, is in the expression
of the same classes performing similar service.
You cannot tell anything about that, and the
statutes can never be construed in that way.
You must designate the persons by the duties
they perform in the Department or else there
is utter confusion in the construction of the
law. I have expressed no opinion about this
matter of raising the pay of the females em-
ployed in the Departments ; but if you do raise
the pay of one class you ought to raise the
pay of all the classes performing similar labor.
I do not mean messengers; I do not mean all
the persons employed in the Printing Bureau ;
but to draw the distinction that is drawn by
the amendment proposed by my colleague and
confine it to those performing clerical duty
will confine the increase of compensation to a
very few persons. If the Senator from Con-
necticut would simply leave out the words
•'grade" and " class " and " service," so that
the females employed there, whether as clerks
upon clerical duty or as counters or as copy-
ists, as described in the several statutes, which
recognize all three, shall receive the pay of
clerks of the first class, and then provide fur-
ther, if he pleases, that if aopointcd to a higher
grade as clerk they shall receive the pay of
that grade, he will cover all that he desires to
accomplish and the thing will be definite. I was
about to say that I object entirely to making a
distinction. Of course there is a distinction,
and a very wide one, between the capacity of
individuals ; but there is no distinction in the
classes. Many of those called copyists, who
are females, are as good copyists as there are
in the Departments. Many of those who are
employed merely as counters do work that
requires great skill and care. The work itself
is exceedingly laborious—trying to- the eyes
and trying to the health even of those who
perform the duty of counting the coupons,
which requires great accuracy and care ; and
they exercise it, and do very much better, I
think, than men would do in the same posi-
tion, and they are entitled to just as much pay
as those who are emplo^d on what might be
called technically clerical duties. No dis-
tinction, in my judgment, ought to be made
between them ; if you raise the pay of one
class you ought to raise the pay of the other.
But there is a still better idea if you could
only carry it out, and that is the proposition
that was made last year from some quarter to
grade the counters themselves. If you raise
them all up to $1,200 there is no necessity
for that. 1 think it is better to grade them,
although that perhaps would make a good deal
of difficulty in the Department itself on account
of the rivalry that would exist among the dif-
ferent persons ; but I object altogether to con-
fining this §1,200 pay to those who are em-
ployed on what is strictly clerical duty, when
I know that many of the others not performing
clerical duty, so called, deserve quite as much
from their capacity and from the nature of the
labor which they perform as the others do.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will pre-
pare an amendment covering precisely the
ground he has taken I think the Senate will
adopt it without opposition. I think we had
better pass oti with the bill and let an amend-
ment be prepared by the Senator from Maine
covering tfie ground he has indicated.
Mr. FERRY. We are now in committee.
The principle of the amendment is obvious to
all of us. What we intend to accomplish is to
equalize compensation irrespective of sex. Let
the amendment be adopted in committee, and
when we come in the Seriate the corrections ia
phraseology suggested by the Senator from
Maine can be made if necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Maine
will prepare an amendment such as he has
suggested I have no objection. Let us go on
with the bill and take no further vote on this
question now. [" Question !"Question!")
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not going to vote
for this amendment, because I supposed there
was not to be an effort at increased expendi-
tures in the Departments at this time. 1 sup-
posed it was understood that some degree of
economy would be attempted. Now, there is
an attempt at an increased expenditure, and,
as I think, without any necessity, of a great
many thousand dollars. I recollect very well
a few years ago it was said that if females were
employed in the Departments thsy would be
glad to receive $600 a year, and that it would
be a service to them and an economical meas-
ure for the Government. That was the argu-
ment on which this system was adopted. Then
it was proposed to increase the compensation,
and I supposed that that was satisfactory. Now
the same compensation is to be given to the
female employ 6 as to the male emp oy6 i
Then the whole reason for the introduction of
the system, so far as economy is concerned, has
disapppeared. I do not think it is called lor
by the history of this measure. Senators know
very well that it was urged in the Senate four
or five years ago as a measure of economy for
the Government, as a measure of accommoda-
tion and benefit to the persons who might be
appointed, that $600 a year was a very hand-
some compensation for female labor. That
was urged here, and it was a good compensa-
tion. Now, the compensation has gone up to
$900 a year, and that is notsufficient, and un-
der professions of economy it is proposed now
to add a great many thousand dollars to the
expenditures in this direction. I shall not vote
for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say.
The number of male clerks is limited by law,
clearly defined foreach Department. The num-
ber of female employes is without limit, and
it was so left on the ground that it was im-
possible to limit it, and that they were called
upon to perform new duties in the Treasury
Department not required before the war. Fe-
male clerks were set to counting money grow-
ing out of the inauguration of the system of
paper money. That class of clerks were not
employed before the war, and there is no limit
to the number employed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, there is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Hardly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law fixes in the
several bureaus the number that may be em-
ployed. Then we have been in the habit and
ought always to do it, although I see the House
of Representatives has not done it this year,
of giving the Secretary a sum of money for the
payment of extra clerk hire. Out of that fund
others have been from time to time appointed
when they were needed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall postpone my re-
marks on this matter until the Senator from
Maine draws up bis amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not propose te
draw any. I understand the Senator from Illi-
nois is drawing one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now, Isup-
pose the question comes up on my motion to
strike out.
The PRESIDENT^??*© tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, to strike out the words which have
been read, as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator from Vermont, inasmuch as there is
time to amend it at a later stage, tbat he post-
pone his motion to strike out until the bill
comes into the Senate.
