1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I propose to
have two chances at it. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Verjr well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot
afford to remain under the charge of the Sen-
ator from Kansas ami the Senator from Illinois,
that. 1 am hostile to the employment of female
clerks. I am in favor of it, and it is because
1 believe this is a measure which will tend to
do away with their employment that [ made
the motion. In relation to the employment of
these clerks there is a greater difference in
capacity than there is in the males. They
ought,, according to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. i'ESSExnE.v,] to be
graded. Some of them perform duties of four
times the value of others. We have many
very young girls there, say fourteen or fifteen
years of age, and yet it is proposed here that
we shall pay the same price for their services
that we do for the most accomplished female
clerks in the Departments.
I supposed that there was a little common
sense in the United States Senate; but when-
ever the question of female clerks comes up,
poetry and transcendentalism and sentiment
all take predominance in the judgment of Sen-
ators. Even the sedate, calm, and astute chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee is taken right
off his feet at the mention of female clerks.
[Laughter.] He says he is not annoyed by the
pressure that is brought to bear for fresh ap-
pointments. If we shall pass this bill I pre-
sume he will "Say that such pressure does not
annoy him ; but that he will have it I have no
sort of doubt. [Laughter.] !
Mr. President, does the Senator from Kan- j
sas, in carrying out his principles, pay his seam- I
stress $1,200 a year, or does he employ her at j
the average rate of wages? Does he pay his 1
female domestics $1,200 a year, and if not, wiiy i
not? Simply because the supply exceeds the
demand, and he can get the services of com-
peteut. persons for less price. If this measure I
proposed to increase the number that we might J
employ there would be some sense in it, but it !
only proposes to give what we do employ, a '
very limited number, a gratuity of §<300 a year, '
and applies, say, to a thousand clerks employed ,
in the Treasury Department, makiagan expend- ;
iture of §300,0U0 simply for the purpose of j
allowing the Senator from Kansas and the Sen- \
ator from Illinois to pay a very handsome com- j
pliment to these ladies now there em ployed: and :
by paying this compliment we make all the !
ladies that aie equal in ability to perform the ■
duties at home discontented ; we create an j
aristocracy here for the benefit of female em- •
ployes of the Treasury Department. When I j
see sober and substantial Senators like the I
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from I
Kansas going for this measure I expect that it j
will pass, but I prefer to have the vote of the [
Senate on the subject. i
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I feel like J
saying a word on this question. I am utterly op- i
posed to this measure. I am opposed toincreas- j
ir.g salaries atthistime. It will be my effort, so |
far as I have the power, to reduce the expenses :
of this Government—!o reduce the expenses I
connected with this Senate. As I understand i
it there have been no applications, there has
been no effort of any magnitude to bringabout
this iticrease of salary. It is only a few years
ago that these clerks were paid SG00 a year.
Their salaiies were raised to $900, and now
an effort is being made to single out a few of j
them and to give them $1,200 and more. To I
my mind this is extremely bad policy. It is |
bad policy for those who are to be benefited j
bv this legislation, for if it is understood that j
the salaries of these places are raised to SI,200 j
ihose who now occupy the places will be very I
liable to be crowded out. |
W'e all know that there is a distinction be- i
tween the compensation paid to females and
males ill all the departments of life. We know
vhat the female school-teacher receives less
compensation than the male school-teacher.
I am not saying that this is right; but it is an
existing fact and will be an existing fact,; and
if we attempt here to place this class upon the
same footing and to increase these salaries we
shall have entered, in my judgment, upon a
course of legislation which will lead to a very
large increase of the expenditures, and will in- ;
crease our tioubles individually beyond meas- I
ure. 1 hope, sir. that the Senate will defeat i
this proposition and let the matter stand as it
does at present.
Mr. CONKLIXG. Is the motion to strike
out the recommendation of the committee?
The PRESIDEN1pro tempore. The ques- j
tion is on striking out the clause as amended.
Mr. CONKHNG. I shall vote to strike it
out. I shall do it upon two considerations
which I will try briefly to state. Ordinarily
the theory of value is that any matter, be it
service or something else, is worth what it will
bring—that it is regulated by the law of supply
and demand. Take that and apply it to this
case, and the employes of whom wearespeaking
receive recompense so large that the honorable j
Senator from Illinois will admit—although he !
does not know that any person now holds a j
place upon a recommendation—that great i
pursuit takes place the country over to obtain j
these places. Letters coine, 1 should not be j
mistaken in saying to all of us, day by day of the i
most urgent character, inquiring whether for !
this, that, and the other person deemed to be l|
especially meritorious an opportunity cannot jl
be found to become one of these female clerks.
Mr. FERRY. I would like to ask the Sen- ij
ator from New York, with his permission, if '}
more applications come for the places of iemaie I
clerks ihan male clerks?
Mr. CONKLING. I am not sure that they t
do ; I have no comparison of that sort in mind, i
I will admit the iaet to be either way for the
sake of the argument, my point being this, that ;
it is untrue in the respect 1 stated that the com- 1
pensation is inadequate. Be it a female clerk, j
be it the cashier of a bank, be it an attorney j
or counsellor at law, that ^utn is adequate as a \
businessproposition which commands thorough j
and lirst-rate service. Has it turned out. to be 1
true that only women incompetent seek these i|
places, and that other women fit to discharge t!
their duties are deterred from applying on :!
account of the inadequacy of the compensation ;
which they receive? No, sir; that is not true, 'i
Therefore it is not true as a business proposi- i!
tion that more money need be appropriated in |
order to command these services.
But, secondly, we are told—I have read in f
petitions 1 have seen in the newspapers—that 1
more compensation should be given for the '!
reason that although hundreds claim andoniy ;
tens can receive places, although they are desir-
able and are sought, nevertheless the compen- ,
sation was such that a family could not be •
maintained upon the salary fixed for a clerk.
Very well, sir; if that be an element in the cal- 'j
culation, which perhaps it would be difficult to '
establish by business logic, then I reminuSen- ;•
ators that it at once establishes a distinction '[
between male and female clerks. Why? Be- ,
cause as a rule men past a certain age are called :j
upon to maintain families, they become the j!
heads of families. This is true occasionally in !
the case of a woman maintaining herself by ;
clerical labor, but it is the exception to the rule, J
and legislation proceeds not for the sakeot the j
exception, but for the sake of the rule to which ,|
the exceptions exist.
Therefore. Mr. President, I conclude by say-
ing that while I should be glad if the persons j
in whose behalf this legislation is proposed
were more fortunate still in their estates, I i
cannot vote that the funds which we adminis- !
ter as trustees here shall be paid in greater ,i
sums than are necessary to obtain, and abun-
dantly and certainly obtain, the service re- ;i
quired. It seems tome that it is not right; '!
and therefore, whatever may be the sentiment j
involved in the proposition, I cannot vote
for it. j
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to prolong j
this discussion, but I wish to reply iti a single j
word to the question pending, which is strik- j
ing out of the bill all that relates to employing ;
; at any extra compensation female clerks. I
| will not reply to the remarks of the honorable
: Senator from Vermont that related personally
to mjself, for I do not care anything about
them; but I failed entirely to see what argu-
! ment the Senator could assign for not mak-
| ing this compensation entirely equal when ren-
dered by a male or a female clerk. It is cler-
! icul labor that we are talking about,
j Ordinarily when we ask that avenues may
| be opened to females we are told it is out of
their sphere; we are told that it is unladylike.
AVhen they are struggling for bread day by day
we are told it will unsex them if they labor in
this Department or in that. But here we have
labor that is merely clerical, that is not out of
their sphere, that will not unsex them, thatcan
be peiformed as delicately and as faithfully by
females as by males. Here I will say, in a
word, that there is not such pressure brought
to bear on any Senator to secure employment
for females as for males. I have five men
asking for influence to secure theiremployment
where there is one female. I serve a notice
now upon every able bodied man that he will
seek my influence in vain ; and if I could turn
out all able-bodied men who are doing simply
clerical labor I would do it. I would begin in
every Department of this Government and
turn them out, because every avenue is open
to them ; the public landsare open upon which
they can make settlement, and theearth abideth
as a resting place and as a means of support
j for a man when many avenues are not open
and are not accessible to women. There are
I all sorts of employment adapted and suitable
; besides clerical that men can engage in ; and I
1 consider that it is the duty of legislators when
; they are providing for the payment of this class
of service to open it to those who can perform
it, even if it was to the exclusion of a class of
persons that have other avenues open to them.
Mr. President, there is no reason why we
should restrict this payment to StjOOayear when
it is not adequate to support. All females have to
live; they have mouths to feed ; they must wear
clothing; there is no house in Washington open
to them any cheaper than to males. They have
responsibilities, let me tell the Senator from
Xew Y'ork ; they have upon them responsibili-
ties equal to what are placed upon men. I
know females that have to support father and
brother both by mere clerical labor and eating
the bread of carefulness themselves, spending
nothing for themselves, and are obliged to
support parents and brothers, and here we
propose to strike down those who perform that
labor to a pittance of six or eight hundred
dollars a year.
Mr. COXKLINTG. The honorable Senator
will allow me, I do not dispute that, and I do
not wish to be held to overlook the fact. My
proposition, however, may be thus generally
staled in a word: that as men bear a larger
proportion of the burdens of society than
women—I refer io expenses—so you can never
obliterate the fact that the larger proportion
of compensation for labor falls in the same
direction. That is the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. Theonlv difficulty between
the Senator and myself is this : I do not believe
that the burdens of society fall heavier on men
than women. I say that the burdens of society
fall heavier on those who have no avenues
open to them, against whom employment is
closed, and my sympathies are with those who
have few opportunities and great responsibili-
ties, and I protest against striking out this
provision in the bill. I know that if we con-
tinue the discussion of this question we endan-
ger even the passage of the bill. It is 1 or no
motive, onlvto secure in it what the committee
themselves "desired when they reported ihe bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to Sen-
ators to allow us to have a vote. I was ap-
pealed to to lay aside the bill some time ago.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall call for the >eas
and nays on the question of striking out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to strike out the clause as amended.
