1868.
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL'. GLOBE;
$5
W3fcCU>AS ,Otf ALASKA- ■ *
Mr. WOOD. Titio-ve thsft tire rtr!esr1>& ldtik:'
pended, in order to .allow €lfe Mlowini "pre-
stfnble and 'resolution .|o 'Tiff 'introduced' and
agreecf'ttfi. :r. ~ '
Whereastfre WorcesterSj)Y/edi$ed andconducted,
by a member of this Hou§e*, 'riecenflv pifbUshed'tb'e
f llowiuffstatet&enfc: "Of the $7,230,000 in gold voted
fur Alaska, ,fbe amount vt.is now reported Russia^-
actually got was §5.000,000 in gold, about,.one mU-
hon pounds sterling. This leaves $2,200,000 to.be'
accounted <or. Bub witli regard to- the outsideTitoj?,
the third House—t,lie press, editors, atid cprresjjopdr-
ents—it is reported tha£ above three hundred thou-
sand dollars in greenbacks was spent .'uxtong thein.
Mr, lii?gs,a ba.nk.cr here, is said -to hive obtained
fj'om.thj3 fcccretary of the Xreasur.yrj9st>at,thte cftosei,
of the debates, &c., which terminated by the pur-
chase of Ala-ka, a loan of the amount just specified.
That loan'was—if it had any real existence—for
obvious; reasons, never made public. Immediately
on the receipt by Mr. Riggs, newspaper men and
othcid known as lobbyists were the owners of drafts
of various amounts on the Treasurer of tlic Unj-ted
Stages, which it is decl.ared General Spinner's .bo,<iks5
will show were cashed. Among the sums speeifiedc
in these reports arc such nems as New York Tribune,
$J},U00; manager of its Washington bureau, $5,00-;
publisher or Washington Chronicle, §25,000. Tfce.
correspondents of the Times, World, Boston Journal.
Philadelphia Press, Chicago Tribune, Bos'on Adver-
tiser, Evening Post, ami others are all put'down as
haviug been X)aid various sums each, from $2,500
upward. Some of them arc anxiously inquiring
what has become of the mdoey; as it has never been
paid to them The daughters of a, member from
Ohio got $10,000 each; but thi*. if is affirmed, was
ijninediatelv sent bac)£. Robert JVWalker got $25,000
in gold. The certificates for this amount were, I
bolieve. stolen from Mm in Boston ov New York,
He soys i was a professional retaiuer from thcK-ussian
Government. He appears also to have been acting
professionailv lor his own Govern jneiit, as some part
of the Riggs $300,000 appears to have passed into his
hands;" and whereas these decorations, if true,
seriously affect the character of. our Government,
and if not true the parties accused should have an
opportunity to prove their innocence: Therefore.-
Be it revolved. That the Cummiitee on Public Six-
penditurcs be directed to insutute,a full investiga-
tion into the truth of these allegations, with power
to send lor persvus and papers, and to report at any
time.
The question was then taken ; and two-thirds
voting in the affirmative the rales were sus-
pended, and the preamble and resolution re-
ceived and agreed to.
NIAGARA SIITP-CAXAT...
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I ask
uuaniinous consent to submit the following
resolution for consideration at this time;
R'sofvd, That the Committee of the Whole t>e
discharged from the further consideration of House
bill No. 1202, to provide for the construction of a
ship-canni around tbeFalis of Niagara, and that the
same be made the special order for consideration in
the House outhe second Tuesday of January next
after the morning hour, and so continued until dis-
posed of.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I object;
Mr. RANDALL. This bill involves the ex-
penditure of only about twelve million dollars.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Then I
move that, the rules be suspended to allow my
resolution to be introduced and agreed to.
The question was taken;' and upon a division
there were—ayes 77, noes 41.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. J HDD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—-yeas 103, nays 41. not vot-
ing 71; as follows:
i'EAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell._ Axtell,
Baker. Banks, Beitman, Beck, Benjamin, Blair. Bout-
well, Bowen, Buckle*', Burr. Benjamin F. Bntier,
Roderick R- Batlcr, Callis, Gary, Ohurehill, Header
IT.Clarke. Sidney Clarke, (Jiift.Oobb. Coburn, Cook,
Corley, CnUora, Dawes, Dewee3e, Donnelly, Dnggs,
Kcklev, Eliot, ParnMYorrh, Ferriss, Ferry. Fields,
French, Garfield, Goss, Gravely, Griswold, Hawkins,
Itigby, Hooper, llopkiqs. llotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones Judd. Kellogg, Keteham,Lash, William Law-
rence. Lincoln,, Loan, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, McKee, Mereur.
Miller. Moorhead, Morrell, Mnllins, Mimgen, News-
haul. Jforris, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pettis,
Pile, Poland, Prico, Itaum, Boss, Shanks, Sitereaves,
Smith, Spalding. Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Stover, Syplier, Twieholl.U pson.Van Acr-
lam, Burt Van Horn. Van Wyek, VidaJ, Cadwalader
J. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, WiUiam B.
Washburn. Welker, Whittomoro. William Williams,
James F. Wilson, Wiiidorn and Woodbridge.—m -
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bingham, Boyden, B yer.
Brooks, Broomall, Chanler.Edwards, faetx. Ulosa-
branner, Govo. Holman. Humphrey, Thomas L,
^ones, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, fcoout'£, Georgo
V. Ija-wtstleev: Moore, Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Pik®,
"   t, ., . ^ Taker,'
Elihu B,.
  — • -roodwar4,'
ant! YoUiig-^41^1 ; - *• -s U- - < -
,N O'ifT ,\£ 0:Ei$,G~Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Delos
R. Ashley. James M. Ashley. Bailey, BaMwioJSarnes,
BarDum, BeaUy. jBenton, 3iackburn, Bfctine, Bole$V*
Bt'omweil^Biiekland,'Gakfe;CorneH,Covode.I)elano,
DJokey,iDtxoQliJoel^iT^J^/odge, Kggleston, fc)la. Bld^-
ridge, Fox. Gollaifxiy, w.over. Height. Hal$ey, Ham-
ilton, Harding, Hau'ghey, Heaton,.HiIl, Asaoeh.W.
Hubbard, Richard IX :Hubb^rd, Iiulburd, Johuson,
Kitchen, KuottH Laflin, Logan, IiOUghridge, Lyuch,
MpCulloush, filorrissey, Newcomh, Nicholboii. Nunn,-
Phelps, Pieree, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy. Priuce,'
Robertson. Roots, Sawyer. Sohenck Selye,J Shell-a-i
barker, Xaffe,; J<^in Trimble, .Lawrence S. Triable,,
Vau Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, "V-an^JDrugip,,
Thomas Williams, and. John T. Wilson~71^"
So (two thirds voting'm favor thereof) tfte
rules were suspended,' and the, resolution was
agreed to.
COMMISSIONER TO SPAIN.
HUNTER.. I -ask unaoimous.consent
to.submit the following resolution : ,
lte8olved, That the Secretary of State be directed-
to .inform this House whether any commissioner has
recently been sent as a representative of this country
to Spain; and it' so, lor what purpose and by what,
authority; tfae.nameof said commissioner, jt&eamouut
of compensation to be allowed him, and out of wh'at
fund paid, and Also acopyofanyinstructionsgiv.cn to
said commis^ioacf.
Mr. CHAN LB B. I object.
Mr, WASIlBtJliNB, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules, that the resolution may be
introduced and agreed to.
On the motion there were—ayes 79, noes 34.
-Mr. CHANLEU. 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
Tlie yeas and nays were not ordered.
■ "So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the' rules were suspended, and the resolution
of Mr. Hunter was introduced and agreed to.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE OHIO X'.IVEIt.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
submit tlie l'ollqwing resolution-, by direction
of the Committee on lloads and Canals:
Heeolned, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
shall have power to ex'amme upon oath sueh skilled
and scientific witnes.-es as they luay deem necessary
upon the b 11 referred to said committee in relation
tu the building of bridges arioss the Ohio river, pro-
vided the same shall be done without expense of
mileage tor otlicers or witnesses.
There being no objection the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
THAD1S WITH SPANISH V.'EST INDIA ISLANDS.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; whick was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas vessolsof the Uuited States are, in portsof
the Spanish Westludia islands, subjected to discrim-
inating tonnage duties and port charges, amounting
to nearly double the rates charged to vessels ol Ureat
Britain .and some other European nation^; and
whereas the commerce between the United States
and said Wands is very extensive and of great im-
portance : Therefore,
Hcsohcd, That 1 be Committee on Foreign Affairs
be directed to inquire and report to this House what
action should be taken by our Government to place
vessels of the United States landing at said ports on
an equal footing with those ot the most favored
nations.
RESTRICTION 'OF FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1549) to
restrict and regulate the franking privilege;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that the bill will be read, and I think it would
mePt the approbatioa of the House to pass it
now. .
Several Members objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN CHARLESTON^ SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. WIIITTEMORE, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report at the earliest moment if
accommodations can be provided for tht united
States courts and officers ot the judiciary in_the cus-
tom-4iouse of Charleston, faouth Carolina, and li not,
to submit such recommendations as he nw ueein
proper. "
'PROPOSALS FOR POSTAGE STAMPS.'
tloj^ whiicfi was agreed to
; Jt&olved, ihatthe J*o®n^sti}r,<J,^oeraKb'e directed
to co.mmunleatB, to tlils TBtoujo a^oBywtft? adver-
t Hfemeia t f6r JirOptfsals Tor feflfeUing postagestattrps;
also copies of the several' bids' offered therefor, to-
gpaher.^vith the decision of the Departs?ent;t}j-efe/>n.
il - • MlU'mim SQO?aBKN>SffiCTfesA'OJ-;
 j 7-— ifras
read*, considered^ an3'agtieil to •
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be'directed to-inq-uire in'tothe'fexpediency of fepeal-
inur tbe-sixth -section of the act making appropria-
tions lor- the support of the Array for the year ending
-June 30. ISd?,' and for other" purposes, approved
March 2,1867, which prohibits the organization of
militia forcesia'the States of Vireinia, North &ro-
lina. South; Carolina, Georgia, i^loridii Alabama,
Louisiana; Mississippi, anfJCM«s;.a^-,tttaJ',they
report by bill or otherwise.1 ' : '' *•' ''
! ' '. TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MOORIIl<'AD submitted the follpwing
resolution ; which was referred, under the law,
to.thp-Comtriitte^ pp Pymtyig: • . ■, ...
Retiolvedi That five .hundred additional eoi>ies of
llouso TaiU No. 13l0(tae tariff .bill).be printed for
the use of the House. " '
UlSlrL GATE;
•, Mr. SGHBNCK- submitted the following
resolution; which was read, ■ considered, and
passed-;- . :
Ueml-oeA, That the Secretary of War be requested
to in form this liousc what has been done toward
the^removal of .obstructions, to payigation at. Hell
Gate, in Long Island sound,"for,which an appropri-
ation was made at'the first-'session of "tlie. present
Congress; and also that he state- who was charged
with the execution of said work, what plan was
adopted, what proposals or bids were made by any
person or persons seeking the contract, and gener-
ally all informatton:in-his power io. oosUBmniCate
on thesubject. ,
- ORDER OP BUSINESS-.'
Mr. BROOKS. I ask, after the House has
disposed of its business, that I shall bfe allowed
to occupy the floor for twenty minutes.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. SPALDING. Unless'itis for apersonal
explanation I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn. , ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Ihe Committee of tbeWhole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. KELSEY moved that the House adjourn.
, The House divided ; and there were—ayes
70, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of W. W.
Newall and others, of the ninth district of
Kentucky, praying the repeal 6f sections
seventy-eight and'ninety-four of an act impos-
ing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco.
Also, "the petition of George Wood, J. C.
Crouch, and others, of Medaryville, Indiana,
praying the repeal of parts of sections seventy-
eight and ninety-four of an act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, approved July
20, 1868. ^ .
Also, the petition of Aug. Schlademan, Tan-
gny &Barnheisel, J. J. Puterbaugh, and others,
of Logansport, Indiana, on the same "subject.
A.l^o, the petition of John Brownfield, D J.
Holland, J. G. Bartlett and Son, J. C. Iinob-
lock, Reed & Coonley, and others, .of South
Bend, Indiana, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of Ray & Warnoek, A. u.
Webster, and others, of Westville, Laporte
county, Indiana, on the same subject.
By Mr. BASHFORD: The petition of 11.
S. Washburn, asking compensation tor nubt-ary
