1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
fier, wholesale liquor dealer, retail liquor dealer, or
manufacturer of stills, without havin& paid the spe-
cial tax as required by law, or who shall c&rryon the
business of a distiller without having given bond as
required by law, or who shall engage in or carry on
the business of a distiller, with intent to defraud the
United States of the tax on the spirits distilled by
him, or any part thereof, shall for every such offense
be fined not less than $1,000 nor more than $5,000,
and imprisoned not less than six months nor more
than two years. And all distilled spirits or wines,
and all stills or other apparatus fit or intended to bo
used for the distillation or rectification of spirits, or
for the mixing or compounding of liquors, owned by
such person, wherever found, and all distilled spirits
or wines and personal property found in the dis-
tillery or rectifying establishment, or in any build-
ing, room, yard, or inclosure connected therewith,
and used with or constituting a part of tho prem-
ises, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Pa*e 51, section forty-five, in line one, after the
word " rectifier/' insert, the word " and;" in lino two
strike out tho words " and compounder of liquors
in line eleven, after the word 'rectified, insert
" mixed" so as to read:
Sec. 45. Andbe it further enacted. That every recti-
fier and wholesale liquor dealer shall provide him-
self with a book to be prepared and kept in such
form as shall be proscribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and shall, on the same day on
which he receives any spirits, and before he shall
draw off any part thereof, or add water or anything
thereto, or in any respect alter the same, enter in
such book, and in the proper columns respectively
prepared tor the purpose, the date when, the name
of the person or firm from whom, and the place
whence the spirits were received, by whom distilled,
rectified, mixed, or compounded, and when and by
whom inspected, and, if in the original package, the
serial number of each package, the number of wine
gallons and proof gallons, the kind of spirit, and tho
number and kind of adhesive stamps thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following amend-
inent:
Pages 52 and 53, section forty-five, in line sixteen,
strike out " compounderin line twenty-seven,
alter " rectifier." insert " or;" in lines twenty-seven
and twenty-eight strike out "or compounder ot
liquors;" in line thirty-two, after ' rectifier, insert
44or" and strike out the words "or compounder of
liquors;" in line thirty-five, after "rectifier," insert
"or;" and in lines thirty-five nnd thirty-six^strike
out the words " or compounder of liquors ; in line
forty-three strike out the words " or compounder;
bo as to read:
And every such rectifier and wholesale dealer shall,
at the time of sending out of his stock or possession
any spirits, and before the same shall be removed
from his premises, enter, in like manner, m the said
book, the day when and the name and place ot busi-
ness of the person or firm to whom such spirits are
to be sent, the quantity and the kind or quality of
such spirits, and also the number of gallons and trac-
tions of a gallon at proof; and if m the original
packages in which they were received he shall enter
the name of the distiller and the serial number of
the package. And every such book shall be at all
times kept in some public or open pla.ee on the prem-
ises of such rectifier or wholesale dealer respectively
for inspection ; and any revenue officer may make
an examination of such book and take an abstract
therefrom; and every such book, when it has been
filled up as aforesaid, shall be preserved by such rec-
tifier or wholesale liquor dealer for a period not less
than two years; and during such time it shall be
produced by him to every revenue officer demanding
the same; and if nny rectifier or wholesale dealer
shall refuse or neglect to provide such book, or to
make entries therein as aforesaid, or shall cancel,
alter, obliterate, or destroy any part of such book or
any entry therein, or make any false entry therein,
or hinder or obstruct any revenue officer from exam-
ining such book or making any entry therein, ortak-
ing any abstract therefrom; or if such bookshall not
bo preserved or not produced by.any rectifier or
wholesale dealer as hereinbefore directed, he shall
pay a penalty of $100, and on conviction shall bo
lined not less than $100 nor more than So.000, and
imprisoned not less than three months nor more
than three years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ments:
Page 53, section forty-six, in lines two and three,
strike out the words " compounder of liquors, liquor
dealer." and insert "or;" in line six strike out com-
pounder of liquors;" so that the section will read;
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
beluwful for any rectifier of distilled spirits, or whole-
pale or retail liquor dealer, to purchase or receive any
distilled spirits in quantities greater than twenty gal-
lons from anypersonother than an authorized recti-
fier of distilled spirits, distiller, or wholesale liquor
dealer Any person violating this section shall lor-
feit and pay 81.000: Prwided, That this shall not bo
lield to apply to judicial sales, nor to sales at public
auction made by an auctioneer who has paid a special
tax as such.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment;
Page 51, section forty-seven, in line ten, after
" dealer," insert" or," and strike out the words " or
compounder;" inline twelve after "rectified" insert
" mixedso as to read ;
Sec. 47. And be it further enacted, That all distilled
spirits drawn from any cask or other package and
placed in any other cask or package containing not
less than ten gallons, and intended for sale, shall be
again inspected and gauged, and the cask or package
into which it is so transferred shall be marked or
branded, and such marking and branding shall dis-
tinctly indicate the name of the gauger. the time
and place of inspection, the proof of the spirits, the
particular name of such spirits as known to the
trade, together with the name and place of business
of the dealer, or rectifier, or compounder, as the case
may be-; and in all cases, except where such spirits
have been rectified, mixed, or compounded, the name
also of the distiller, and the distillery where such
spirits were produced, and the serial number of the
original package, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCBJSNCK. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Pages 55 and 56, section forty-nine, in lines one and
two, strike out the words "Secretary of the Treasury
on the recommendation of the;" so as to read :
Sec. 49. Andbe it further enacted. That the Com-
missioner of Internal Kevenue may appoint not ex-
ceeding twenty-five officers, to becalledsupervisors of
internal revenue, each one of whom shall be assigned
to a designated territorial district, to be composed of
one or morejudicial districts and territories, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Page 58, section fifty, strike ont all after the word
"office" in line seventeen to the end ot the section,
as follows: , ,, ,
And the term of office or employment ol all such
general or special agents or inspectors now author-
ized as aforesaid under employment at the time of
the passage ofthis act shall expire ten days after this
act shall take effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask permission now to
have sections forty-nine, fifty, and fifty-one of
this amendment transferred to and take the
place of section seven of the original general
bill, which was taken out and put into the
whisky bill of the last session.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the fifty-
second section of this bill by striking out the
words "Secretary of the Treasury," in the first
sentence of the bill, and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;" so that portion of the section will
read:
And be it further marled. That there shall be ap-
pointed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
such number of internal revenue storekeepers as may
be necessary, &c.
Mr. RANDALL. I am opposed to that
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I desire to say a few
words in explanation of the amendment. The
general bill, as far as it was consid6red by the
Committee of the Whole at the last session of
Congress, contemplates making the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue if not the head of
a department, as it now stands in the bill, at
least so far independent that her shall ap-
point and be responsible for his subordinates.
But when we came to pass a partial bill, a
spirit and tobacco tax law, in order to conform
it to existing laws we had to change the pro-
vision of the general bill so as to leave these
appointments to the Secretary of the Treasury.
No< when we come to put it back into the
general bill, we wish to make it conform to
this idea of the Committee of Ways and Means,
which has thus far been sustained by the Com-
mittee of the Whole and by this House. VV e
therefore propose now to change this so that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who-
ever he may be( shall have such independ-
ence and such responsibility combined that the
head of the Government and the people can
say to him, " There is the revenue ; collect it.
You shall have the power to appoint your sub-
ordinates; von shall have the power to select
those who are to aid you; but you shall be
responsible for their conduct and for your own,
and not be able to shelter yourself behind the
President, or behind the Secretary of the
Treasury; you shall .stand ont before the coun-
try responsible for the faithful collection of
this revenue." I hold tbat to be the true
policy in this matter if we expect our reve-
nues to be collected.
It is with the view to conform this amend-
ment to so much of the general bill as has
already been gone over that I now move this
amendment to it. I do not know who is to be
the Secretary of the Treasury or the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, but I do know that
whoever is to be the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue he ought both to be held responsible
for and to be given the opportunity of faith-
fully collecting the revenues of this country if
they are to be collected at all. •
Mr. ELDIilDGE. As the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schknck] has been purging him-
self considerably as regards his knowledge of
the Cabinet which is to come in very soon, I
would like to ask him whether he knows any
one who is to be a member of that Cabinet.
Mr. SCHENCK. I refer the gentleman to
General Grant, who, J suppose, knows more
about that matter than any one else.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to ask my
colleague a question.
Mr. SCHKNCK. Very well.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 understand my col-
league to say that the Committee of the Whole
had sustained the Committee of Ways and
■ Means in their proposition to make the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue the head of a
separate department. I wish to ask him if he
is not mistaken in that.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD. If I remember correctly,
the Committee of the Whole at the last session,
by a very decided vote, struck out that part of
the proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means making the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue the head of a separate department.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman can amend
his recollection by referring to the record,
which is in print. The Committee of the Whole
did not strike that out, but passed it over. _ But
they afterward struck out some other things,
which action made the general bill, in one or
two of its sections, inconsistent with that idea,
Mr. GARFIELD. I remember now that
the struggle over that point was not,made on
the first section; but it was made subsequently.
Mr. RANDALL. Like the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] I know nothing as to who
will be the Secretary of the Treasury or the
Commissioner of internal Revenue after the
4th of March next. I presume, however, that
those two officers will be in accord. 1 here-
fore we can discuss this question apart from
any political consideration.^ According to my
understanding of the existing law, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury appoints the storekeep-
ers : but the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
is required to see that they perform their duties
faithfully, and has a right to suspend them.
He has also a right to assign the storekeepers
to distilleries.
I am opposed to this amendment; and as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohenck] has in-
troduced the name of the President, let me say
that under the existing law and under the pro-
posed law the President will m no case have
anything whatever to do with the appointment
of these storekeepers. Hence the name of the
President is, I think, lugged in here rather in-
appropriately. But I am opposed to accumu-
lating this immense power m the hands of any
one man. I would prefer that the appointments
in the revenue department should in some way
be distributed; and on this ground solely—that
I am opposed to intrusting to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue this immense power—1
oppose the proposition which the gentleman has
introduced. I am willing that the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall have, as he
has under the present law, all power necessary
to see that the duties of the storekeepers are
honestly and faithfully discharged. But I stren -
uously object to placing this immense power Of
appointment, embracing all these revenue
