1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
the clause as amended.
The Chief Clerk. The words proposed to
be stricken out are:
The compensation of the female clerks employed
in the several Departments of the Government and
performing clerical duties shall be the same as male
clerks of the same class; and female counters and
copyists shall receive the same compensation as male
counters andcopyistsdoingthe same class of service;
and a sufficient sum to pay such increased compen-
sation to female clerks is hereby appropriated.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will not be
stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10. nays 3'A: as follows;
YEAS—Messit. Conklin^, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon,
Harlan. Henderson. Howe, McOreery, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Sprague, and Williams—1-3.
NATS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew, Cole,
Conness, D.ivis, Drake, t erry, Fowler, Han is, How-
ard, Kellogg, Morton, Osborn. Patterson of Tennes-
see, Pomeroy, Pool. Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross,
Spencer, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Vickers, Wade, Warner, Welch, Whyte, WiUey, and
Wilson—33.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frehng-
huysen, Grimes, Hendricks, McDonald, Norton, Xye,
Patterson of Kew Hampshire, Saulsbury, Stewart,
Thayer, and Yates—18.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and sixty-one after the word ''appro-
priated " to insert the following proviso :
Provided, That the annual salary of the Treasurer
of the United States shall be *>8,000, and an' amount
sufficient to pay said increased compensation for the
fiscal year ending June oO, 1S69, andfor theyear end-
ing .Tune 30,1870, is hereby appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state in
one word why this is recommended. The
salary of the Assistant Treasurer at New Yoik
is §8,000. while the salary of the Treasurer
who has all the duties of the Assistant Treas-
urer at New York in one sense, that is in the
sense that he supervises all he does and has a
good deal of duty besides, is S6,500. The com-
mittee did not see why that distinction should
be made.
Mr. GRIMES. How much does the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue get?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. $6,000? Cer-
tainly there should not be that discrepancy
or difference between the Treasurer and the
Assistant Treasurer. It seems to me it is obvi-
ous enough the one should come down or the
other goup, and this officer has been, I believe,
a very laborious and acceptable officer.
Mr. RAMSEY. Who is the Assistant Treas-
urer?
Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Van Dyck.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is in the city of New
York. I suppose on the same principle the
Commissioner of Customs here who has a salary
of $3,000 a year I think, must be paid as much
as the collector of customs in the city of New
York, who probably gets S50,000 a year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose that
case would be analogous.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Treasurer of the
United States is a gentleman for whom I have
the highest respect and who 1 know is a very
laborious man and who performs a great deal
of service ; but why his salary should bo that
of a Cabinet officer, $8,000 a year, while the
heads of all the other bureaus receive only
three or four thousand dollars I cannot con-
ceive. It seems to me there is no propriety in
putting up his salary to $8,000 unless you raise
the salaries of tho Auditors, the Commissioner
of the Land Office, and various other officers
here who have great labors to perform, are
constantly occupied, and diligent, worthy, hon-
orable, honest, and efficient men. It seems to
me there is no propriety in it.
Mr. WILSON. General Spinner was ap-
pointed eight years ago into this very respon-
sible office. During these eight years I believe
he has worked more hours and done more
drudgery than any man employed in the service
of the United States, civil or military. The
responsibilities of his -office are-very great, and
the labor in it is very much larger than the re-
sponsibility or the labor in New York. I think
as a tribute to a public servant who has rendered
eminent service to the country we ought to put
him at least on an equality with the Assistant
Treasurer in New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difference be-
tween this case and the case spoken of by one
Senator who inquired as to the Internal Rev-
enue Commissioner is this: the Treasurer re-
ceives and is responsible for the money, and
he gives a very heavy bond ; the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue has no such responsibility
on him ; and it has always been considered that
men should be paid according in some degree
to their responsibility. The Assistant Treas-
urer at New York receives $8,000. It is little
enough. It is hardly what men connected with
banks there receive, who do not perform any-
thing like his duties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does he not, have charge
of a great deal more money than the Treasurer
here ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. All the
money comes to the Treasury here and goes
back. The money all passes through the Treas-
ury here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The money collected in
New York is deposited in New York, is it not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. A great deal of it is
deposited in New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It never comes here
except for disbursement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the gold re-
ceived from customs ; but the paper money all
passes through the hands of the Treasurer here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
mean to say that the money collected from in-
ternal revenue comes into the Treasury here in
Washington ? I know it is finally accounted for
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It finally comes back
here and goes oat here. The Treasurer of the
United States handles a great deal more money
than the cashiers of the Bank of England and
Bank of France combined. The responsibility
is altogether upon him if the money is lost.
He has to keep a very much larger force than
is kept at the sub-Treasury in New York and
his responsibilities are consequently very much
greater. They are both very great. Now, sir,
with regard to that matter, it was always my
opinion that the pay of the sub-Treasurer at
New York ought to be raised and that the pay
of the Treasurer here ought to be raised. But
Congress has never decided to raise the pay
of the Assistant Treasurer at New York. I
know at one time that office was vacant; it was
vacant or was about to become vacant when I
went into the Treasury Department. I had
great difficulty in getting the right kind of men
to take the office. Why? Because I couid
find no such man unless he was a man of very
large fortune, who would not take the labor, or
else a man who conld receive more pay in other
positions. I finally persuaded a gentleman to
take the office who gave up a larger pay, which
he could ill afford to do, feeling it his duty at
that time to serve his country in the position
in which I put him. When I resigned he
resigned and left tho office.
Now, with regard to the Treasury here, I do
not know a man in the Government who ought
to receive a higher pay; I mean in any of
what may be called not the very highest posi-
tions in the Government. It costs him as
much to live as it costs anybody. lie has never
been able on his salary to keep his family here
together. I have constantly endeavored to
raise his pay. I got it up finally to 36,500 ; I
wanted to get it up to $8,000 at that time on
account of his responsible labor and his great
capacity; and you must have in that place a
man of great capacity and of tried integrity
always. He has been very fortunate; no money
has been lost; and it is a wonder that so much
money has passed through his hands and no
losses have occurred.
I believe that the salaries of several leading
officers of the Government ought to be raised,
and this is one of them ; and I see no propriety
in keeping him below the Assistant Treasurer
in New York. I do not know that it costs
more to live there than it does here. I know
it costs very much to live here, so that nobody
can live on any pay he gets without extreme
economy and difficulty.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is within my knowl-
edge within two years that men have been
here from New York with a proposition to the
present Treasurer to accept a position there at
a salary of $10,000 a year, a very honorable
position and a very responsible one, at the
head of an insurance office in that city. I have
no doubt that there are a great many men who
would take this office at a less price. I sup-
pose you could find in any of the Departments
messengers who woold accept this office without
any increase of their present compensation;
but such men as General Spinner are very rare
to be found and very rare in the public ser-
vice. I think he is worth a gi-eat deal more to
the Government above any ordinary first-class
man than his salary every month he stays there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, we are
fixing a salary, I would remind my friend from
Rhode Island, for the Treasurer of the United
States and not for any individual; and if the
salary is fixed at this sum it will be paid to who-
ever may occupy that place. No one entertains
a higher opinion of the present Treasurer of
the United States than I do. I know the great
labors he has performed, the great integrity
and the care with which he has presided over
that branch of the Government to which he
has been assigned. He is a valuable man, but
the salary that is paid him is out of proportion
to the salaries we are paying officers here in
the city of Washington. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine that the salaries are not what
they ought to be. I think they ought to be
higher, but it seems to me that this salary is
already out of proportion to the others.
The salaries paid the heads of Departments—
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the -
Treasury, &c.—are but $8,000 a year ; and the
salaries that are paid to the heads of bureaus,
who also are men thatpeiform a great deal of
lobor—very important and very responsible
offices are filled by them—and yet none of
them are more than $4,000, and some of them
not more than $3,000. Now, why should you
raise the salary of the Treasurer, saying noth-
ing about the present incumbent, to $8,000,
and pay your Auditors, your Commissioner of
Customs, your Commissioners of Pensions,
your Commissioner of Patents, and your Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and these
various other officers not half that sum? Is
there any propriety in that?
But the Senator from Rhode Island says he
knows the fact that the Treasurer of the United
States could make more money by going to the
city of New York, or has been offered more.
Is that the test? How many men could make
more money out of the offices they hold than
is paid them as salary? Does the Senator from
Rhode Island suppose that the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States could not make more
money practicing his profession ? Does he not
suppose that large corporations in this country
would be glad to retain him at a salary double
or treble that which he receives as Attorney
General for-his services? Is that any reason
why we should put his salary up to the amount
that he could make by his profession if he were
practicing it? It is possible that even some
members of the Senate might make more
money : and the Senator from Rhode Island,
I am sure, could make a great deal more pur-
suing his profession than he can make as a
member of this body. That does not seem to
me to be a reason. The objection 1 have to
this is that it is out of proportion to the other
salaries paid here in Washington. I think the
salary of the Treasurer of the United States
should not be the same as that paid to the heads
of Departments while the salaries of other
officers inferior to the heads of Departments,
subordinate officers, are kept at the present
sums.
Mr. NY-E. I should like to ask- the, honor-
