76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
service as captain of the Arizona volunters,
and previous to his being mustered in.
By Mr. BURR : The petition of Lieutenant
John Davis, company D, one hundred and
ninety-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers, for pay.
Also, the petition of Robert Scott, corporal
company B, sixth regiment New Jersey vol-
unteers, for arrears of pay.
Also, the petition of Henry Stock, father of
H. Stock, deceased, private company C, fourth
Pennsylvania volunteers, forarrears of pension. I
Also, the petition of Theresa K. Burnett, ]
widow of John C. Burnett, deceased, pilot on
Government transport, for pension.
Also, the petition of Clarenda Butcher, widow
of E. Butcher, deceased, private company F,
twenty-seventh Pennsylvania volunteers, for
pension.
Also, the petition of Patrick Cullen, private
company (j, first battalion eleventh United
States infantry, for pension.
Also, the petition of Theresa Casevant,
mother of Joseph Casevant, deceased, com-
pany I, seventeenth Vermont volunteers, for
bounty.
Also, the petition of Evelyn S. Jones, widow
of George W. Jones, deceased, late chief engi-
neer on U nited States revenue-cutter Delaware,
for pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts : The
petition of Blanton Duncan, of Kentucky, for
relief under the confiscation laws.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Ottowa, Illinois, dealers in tobacco and cigars,
praying for the revision of sections seventy-eight
and ninety-four of an act entitled "An act
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,"
appioved Juno 20, 1808.
Also, a petition to the same effect from citi-
zens of Kaukakce, Illinois.
Also, a petition to the same effect from citi-
zens of'Joliet, Illinois.
Also, a petition to the same effect from citi-
zent> of Mendota, Illinois.
Also, a petition to the same effect from citizens
of Morris, Illinois.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of L. McCarn
and ,">8 others, of Plattevillc, Wisconsin, for the
repeal of certain provisions of the law imposing
a lax on whisky and tobacco, &c.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of Betsey Arlin,
of Barriugt.on, New Hampshire, for a pension.
By Mr. FARNSWORTII: The petition of
L. (I. Collins and E. E. Moss and others, of
Belinda.
Also, the petition of Lyon & Hawks and
others, of Waukegan, Illinois.
Also, the petition of JuliusMayn andotliers,
of l.'ockl'ord, Illinois.
Also, the petition of Peter Scheank and
others, oi Elgin, Illinois, for modification of
the tax on tobacco, &c.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Hon. T.
1). (iilbert, and 33 others, praying for action
upon the eivil service bill, new tax bill, re-
duction of expenses, against subsidies in
money or bonds to railroads, and other meas-
ures of economy therein named.
By Mr. GARFIELD: A petition of citizens
of \oungstown, Ohio, for greater economy in
the public expenditures.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of vinegar manufacturers in Massa-
chusetts, for a change in the internal revenue
laws.
By Mr. HOPKINS: A petition of citizens
of Waterloo, Wisconsin, for an amendment of
the law taxing distilled spirits and tobacco.
Also, similar petitions from citizens of Co-
lumbus, Beloit. Madison, Marshall, and Water-
town, Wisconsin.
By Mr. 110 CCHKISS: ApetitionoftheNew
Haven, Middletown, and WiUimantic Raidroad
Company, for abridge across Connecticut river
at Muldietown, Connecticut.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of List, Morrison & Co., and others,
citizens of Wheeling, West Virginia, asking
amendments to the act imposing taxes on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: Four several peti-
tions of citizens of Pekin, ChiHic'othe,_ Gales-
burg, and Peoria, Illinois, dealers in and
manufacturers of tobacco, asking for the repeal
of parts of sections seventy-eight and ninety-
four of the internal revenue act concerning the
tax on tobacco.
By Mr. JENCKES: Resolutions of the
Board of Trade of Providence, Rhode Island,
in favor of a postal telegraph.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
of manufacturers of tobacco, snuff, and cigars
in the city of Covington, praying repeal of
certain sections of an act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for Other
purposes.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of J. W. Adams
and 3,000 other business men of Chicago, ask-
ing the repeal of a portion of section seventy-
eight of the internal revenue law relating to
tobacco.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of Captain
Stephen D. Lyon, praying for a pension accord-
ing to his rank as an officer in the late war for
the Union, instead of a pension as a private
soldier.
Also, thepetition of 12 citizens of Richmond,
Indiana, and dealers in tobacco and cigars,
praying an amendment in the tax law as to
tobacco and cigars.
Also, the petition of 15 citizens of Hagers-
town, Indiana, praying the same.
By Mr. KBLLEY: A petition of citizens of
Philadelphia asking for the repeal of certain
provisions of the act imposing duties on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco.
By Mr. KOONTZ: The petitiou of Hugh
Parker and 115 others, of Franklin county,
Pennsylvania, asking for such additional pro-
tective duties as will relieve their distress,
secure a home market for the products of their
industry, and aid them in the unequal contest
with the underpaid labor of Europe.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Richard
Look, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Nahum Walker, for a
pension.
Also, a petition of merchants of Portland,
Maine, in relation to the tax on tobacco and
cigars.
13 y Mr. McKEE: The petition of Captain
John Taylor, for compensation for loss of the
steamboat Pine Hill, used in Government ser-
vice in October, 1865.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of Alfred
Benton, a sergeant in the thirty-fourth regi-
ment United States infantry during the war of
181'2, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Narcissa J. Dalton,
widow of John F. Dalton, deceased, late a
private in company D, twelfth New Hamp-
shire volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Henry P. French, late
a private in company A, ninth Vermont vol-
unteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Chancy H. Goodale,
late a private in company H, fourth regiment
Vermont volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Sarah J. Evans, guard-
ian of Ella C. G. Divoll, daughter of George W.
Divoll, deceased, late a private in the seventh
regiment Massachusetts light artillery, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Ellen Green, mother
of Philip Green, deceased, late a coal-heaver
on the United States ship E. B. Hale, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Maria B. Colbath,
widow of Charles II. Colbath, deceased, late
a private in company C, thirty-third Massa-
chusetts volunteern, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Ann M. Wetmore, the
widow of Dix Wetmore, deceased, late of com-
pany G, first regiment Indiana cavalry, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret De Witt,
widow of John De Witt, deceased, late of com-
pany H, thirty-first regiment Illinois volun-
teers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of John W. Champs, late
of company H, one hundred and fourth regi-
ment Illinois volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Richard Waters, late of
company K, eleventh regiment Illinois volun-
teers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mahala L. Freeman,
widow of Benjamin F. Freeman, deceased,
late of company D, eighteenth regiment Illi-
nois infantry, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Henry Freeman, late
of company G, sixth regiment Illinois volun-
teers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of John W. Wertz, late
of company A, thirtieth regiment Illinois in-
fantry, for a pension.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The memorial of N.
J. Bigley, asking compensation for a steam-
boat and six barges of coal.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of the
Universal Peace Union, in behalf of the In-
dians.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of Hclmholz
& Leidersdof and others, citizens of Milwau-
kee, Wisconsin, relating to stamps on tobacco.
Also, the petition of J. F. Taber and others,
citizens of Bristol, Wisconsin, relating to
stamps on tobacco.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Mary
Dunn, widow of Richard T. Dunn, late a gun-
ner in the United States Navy, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Jones, widow
of Owen Jones, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Cyrus Bicknell and 40
others, soldiers of the war of 1812, residents
of West Minot, Maine, asking for pensions.
Also, the petition of Joseph St. Clair, father
of A. W. St. Clair, for bounty.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of
Scott, Clinton, and Muscatine counties, Iowa,
asking for a modification of the revenue laws
in reference to tobacco, snuff, &c.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Mary
Miller, widow of Jacob Miller, praying for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Reed, widow of
John Reed, praying for a pension.
Also, the petition of Eliza J. Williams, widow
of John W. Williams, praying for a pension.
Also, the petition of Anne Penney, mother
of Alexander Bruce, praying for a pension.
Also, the petition of Franklin Stoker, pray-
ing for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Eliza M. Seantland,
praying for an increase of pension.
By Mr. STOVER: A petition of citizens
of Johnson county, Missouri, praying the re-
peal of certain sections of the law passed at
the last session of Congress imposing taxes
upon distilled spirits and tobacco.
By Mr. STEWART: Thepetition of James
F. Hall and associates, for a telegraphic line
between Boston, New York, and Washington
upon an improved plan of construction with
metallic poles and air cables.
By Mr. TAFFE: A petition of citizens of
Nebraska City and Omaha, Nebraska, praying
the modification of certain provisions of an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of A. Sher-
man& Co., and 36 others, citizens of Paw-Paw,
Michigan, praying Congress to repeal sections
seventy-eight and ninety-four of an act impos-
ing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and
for other purposes, approved July 20, 1888.
Also, the petition of Gilbert & Co., and 13
others, of Niles, Michigan, praying for the
same thing.
By Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois: Two
petitions of citizens of Galena, Illinois, and
Sterling, Illinois, praying for the repeal of so
much of section seventy-eight and ninety-four
of the tax bill of last June as provides that
after the 1st day of January, 1869, chewing and
smoking tobacco and snuff, after the 1st day of
April, 1869, cigars, and after 1st day of July,
1869, all manufactured tobacco of all kinds
shall be taken to have been either manufactured
or imported after the passage of the tax bill of
last July, the petitioners claiming that the
time is altogether too short in which to dispose
of the-stocks now on hand.
