1868.
!   GOMGEESSKMiJL &LGB1.
rr
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Winer
Bethel, of Key West, Florida, asking the remo-
val of legal and political disabilities imposed in
consequence of participation in the rebellion.
_ By Mr. WH1TTEM0RE: A.memorial from
citizens of Georgetown, South Carolina, in be-
half of Richard Marsh, a citizen of that county
and State.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 15, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D,
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Jacob M. Howard, of Michigan,
appeared in. his seat to-day.
executive communication.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending an appropriation for
the purchase or rent of a building for the
accommodation of the clerical force in the
offices of the Commissioner of Pensions and
Commissioner of Patents; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of a committee of Indiana
yearly meeting of Friends, praying that a cer-
tain piece of land granted to the Indiana yearly
meeting of Friends for school purposes by the
Shawnee Indians may be confirmed to them;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I present the memorial of
the executive committee of the American Mis-
sionary Association, signed by George Whip-
ple and M. E. Striebly, secretaries, and Edgar
Ketchum, treasurer, in which they set forth
that they have for seven years been engaged
in sending physical supplies, schools, and re-
ligious teachers to the South; that the mis-
sionaries and teachers of the association have
averaged for the last two years more than five
hundred in number; that they were devoted
solely to the work of relieving and educating
the people without respect to race or color;
and for the very reason that their labors are
thus impartial they are exposed to the vio-
lence of the disloyal, their work hindered,
their schools sometimes broken up, and them-
selves subjected to insults and danger. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary and be printed, as it con-
tains an importantstatementoffacts and tables.
The motion was agreed to.,
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Lieutenant Commander J. N. Quackenbush,
United States Navy, praying to be restored
to the active list; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the memorial
of William Cornell Jewett, praying Congress
to withhold all subsidy in United States bonds,
money, or lands from the Pacific Railroad
Company until the present road is made com-
plete and safe by proper bridges and necessary
work, and until tne company shall give ample
security not to abandon the road to the Gov-
ernment on finding it a failure, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
women of Massachusetts, praying that in any
amendment to the Constitution to extend or
regulate suffrage there be no distinction made
between men and women; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying that in any amendment to
the Constitution to extend or regulate suffrage
there be no distinction made between men and
women ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHYTE presented the memorial of
James P. Ellicott, praying that in the event
of the passage of a law repaving Pennsylvania
avenue his patent street washer and irrigator
may b® adopted; which was referred -W the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, pre-
sented a report of receipts and expenditures of
the Columbia Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb from June, 1857, to July 1,1868 ; which
was ordere4 to be printed.
reports of committees.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the joint
r,esolution^(S, R. No. 178) tendering sympathy
and best wishes to the people of Spain, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN, •from the Conjmittec on
Finance, to whom were referred the following
petitions and memorials, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; whi.ch was
agreed to:
A petition of freedmen of Edgefield,, South
Carolina;
-A petition of colored citizens of the United
States;
A petition of colored citizens of Alabama
and Georgia;
A petition of H. Ryan, of Mississippi;
A petition of freedmen of Georgia;
A petition of a company of colored people
living near Halifax, North Carolina ; and
A memorial of the American Colonization
Society, all praying an appropriation of $100
to each person who will embark under the
auspices of the American Colonization Society
to Liberia.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, it
was
Ordered. That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the claim
of A. Burwell, and that the petitioner bavo leave to
withdraw his petition and papers.
national debt.
Mr. CATTELL. The Committee on Finance,
to whom were referred the three resolutions
offered yesterday in reference to that portion
of the President's message which treats of the
public debt, have instructed me to report back
the resolution offered by the Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Willey] without amend-
ment, and to ask for its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. The Senator from New
Jersey asks for the present consideration of
the resolution reported by him. Is there any
objection 1
Mr. McCREERY. I object to the present
consideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 689)
to provide for the paving of a portion of Penn-
sylvania avenue and Fifteenth street west,_ in
the city of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTER-SON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 690) to incor-
porate the Washington Insurance Company of
W ashington, District of Columbia; which was
read'twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 691) to prevent the holding of civil offices
by military officers, and to prevent the holding
of more than one office at the same time;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move -that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of my friend
whether that is not already anticipated by a
section in one of our appropriation bills last
year?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is not fully; at
least I desire to have the subject investigated
and .see if we cannot; stop the double holding
of offices. . -
Mr. SUMBER. These is>a aeotion in-one
of our appropriation providing that no
military or naval.officer shall hold at the same
time a civil and a military office.,:
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the reference, of the bill 1
None being made, it will be referred to, the
Committee on the Judiciary. - ■ -s -■'
- CLAIMS AGAINST VENlZ0BI,Ai;
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United Slates
be requested, if in his judgment not incompatible
with the. public intercut, to communicate to the Sen-
ate any information in his possession in references
to the action of the mixed commission for the ad-
justment of claims by the citizens of the United
States against the Government of Venezuela.
territory of atmska.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Mesohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to the Senate all inform-
ation possessed by the Treasury Department, not
already communicated, respecting the territory of
Alaska, and particularly concerning thefur interests
therein. V
political disabilities in southern states. '
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I move to take
from the table the bill introduced yesterday by
the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] to
punish the crime' of holding office in violation
of the fourteenth article of the Constitution.
It is Senate bill No. 677. At the time of the
introduction of the bill I requested the Sen-
ator from Nevada to let it lie on the table until
to-day before referring it, promising to call it
up and move its reference to-day, and desiring
at the same time, with the consent of the Sen-
ate, on the motion to refer, to submit some
remarks upon the bill and the bills introduced
by myself at the commencement of the session.
I therefore move that the bill offered by the
Senator from Nevada be now taken from the
table for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 677) to
punish the crime of holding office in violation
of the fourteenth article of the Constitution.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The bill will
be read.
The bill was read, as follows!
Be it enacted by the Senate and House p/ Representa-
tives of the United States of America iiiC'onprdto assem-
bled, Xhat any person who shall hereafter accept or
hold, an office to which he is ineligible under the
third aectiion of the fourteenth article of the Consti-
tution of the United States, or who shaTl attempt to
hold or exercise the duties of such office, shall be
deemed guilty of a felony against the United States,
and upon conviction thereof shall be imprisoned not
less than three years nor more than ten, and fined not
less than $1,000 nor more than $10,000.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the bill just
read, and which was introduced by the Senator
from Nevada on yesterday, provides a system
of penalties for the purpose of enforcing the
disabilities provided by the third section of the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States. Early in the ses-
sion I had the honor to introduce two meas-
ures whose combined operation would secure
the removal of all political disabilities growing
out of Federal legislation during the progress
of reconstruction. Those bills were appropri-
ately referred at the time of their introduction;
and I should not have attempted to discuss
them until the action1, of the committee upon
them had been made known to the Senate had
it not been that the introduction of this bill by
the Senator from Nevada affords me an oppor<
tunity and strengthens the argument in foor '
of the measures which I have proposed. In
order that those measures may be understood,
both separately and in combination, I desire
that they shall be read by the Secretary. I
send to the desk, for that purpose, Senate reso-
lution No. 184. . ,
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution (S.
