78
THE DOjSTGRESSIOJSTA-E GLOBE.
December 15,
R. "No. 184) for the removal of political dis-
abilities, as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and Iloune Representa-
tives of the United States of Atnerica in OQngre^a assem-
bled, (two thirds oi both Houses concurring.) That ail
persons now disqualified to hold office by the third
Fpciion of the fonrfoenth article of amendment of the
Constitution ol' tuo United States are hereby relived
ironi such disability, and the same is removed from
and after the pas-sage of this joint resolution.
Mr. FERRY. I now semi to the desk to be
read Senate bill No. 656.
The Chief Olerk read the bill (S. No. 050)
to remove political disabilities, as follows-:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled. Xhatall such parts of any net or acts of Congress
as forbid any citizen of tho United States to vote
at any election, hy reason of any at the disabilities
mentioned in the tliird section of the fourteenth
article of amendmentof theUonstitution of the United
States, bo, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. FERRY. I would have been better
pleased could 1 have embraced the whole sub-
ject-matter in one bill; but as in order to remove
the disabilities enumerated in the third section
of the fourteenth amendment it is necessary to
obtain a concurring vote of two thirds of both
Houses, it became also necessary that separate
measures should be introduced for the removal
of those disabilities on the one hand, and for
the abolition of the limitations upon the suf-
frage imposed by the reconstruction laws on the
other. The joint resolution seeks to restore to
eligibility to ollice all citizens of the United
States who have lost it by reason of the adop-
tion of the fourteentharticle of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States. The bill
seeks to remove the restrictions upon the suf-
frage which were imposed by certain acts of
Congress known as the reconstruction laws.
So that tlie two together will, as I have said,
if adopted by Congress, operate to remove all
political disabilities which have been created
by Federal legislation during the progress of
reconstruction. They interfere in nowise with
State action, leaving the local policies of the
States to their own discretion. It is my earn-
est hope that both these measures may meet
with the sailelion ol Congress during the present
session, and 1 have introduced them thus early,
and take the opportunity of making these re-
marks, in order that the matter may be brought
directly to the consideration of the Senate.
1 may remark, Mr. President, in the first
place, as one teason why these disabilities
should be removed, that in their origin they
were intended by Congress tobeouiy temporary.
The tliild section of the fourteenth amend-
ment provides upon its face that the disabili-
ties imposed thereby may be at any time re-
moved hy a vote of two thirds of both Houses
of Congress. The limitations of the suffrage
in the reconstruction acts are by their very
terms confined to the transition period between
the cessation of arms and the full restoration
of the Union. That the latter were thus in-
tended to be temporary is evident from the
nets themselves. That the former was pro-
posed to the people with the same intention
appears both ftom the debates in Congress at
that time and from the language of the amend-
ment itself. For the purpose of rendering this
clear I beg leave to read a brief extract from
the debates in the Senate on the 30th of May,
18G0, when this third section was under con-
sideration. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] in commenting upon the section, re- I
marks: !
"But I. take it all of us understand tlie meaning '■
of the third s-jction, It is that, for a time at least. !
all who lime violated, not only the letter, but the I
spirit ot the oatu of office they took when they be-
came officers of the United States, and took the oath !
to support the Constitution of the United States, !
shall not hold ofhee until a staioof affairs shall come !
when two thirds ot both Houses may, by a general
amnesty, wipe out all these disabilities." !
And this general understanding thus referred ;
to by the Senator from Ohio is clearly evident j
throughout the whole of those debates. The I
question, therefore, arises whether the time !
has come for wiping out all these disahili- j
ties." I take it, in the first place, in reference j
to the disabilities imposed by the third section !
of thte fourteenth article of amendment, that,
when the necessity for the existence of those
disabilities shall have passed away Congress
and the people of the United States will desire
that the disabilities' themselves' shall be re-
moved. In order to ascertain whether the
| time has now arrived when it can be-truly said
that that necessity has passed away, it may be
well for us to inquire into the original neces-
sity of any such amendment to the Constitu-
tion at all, and for this puipose it is well to
examine the history of the fourteenth amend-
ment,-to consider the time at which it was pre-
pared and promulgated to the people, and the
circumstances which surrounded it.
It was prepared at the first session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and for the purpose of
bringing about a more speedy restoration of
the Union, It was prepared on aceountof the
fact that the influential class in the southern
communities, composing the great slave-hold-
ing and land-holding interest, and which in-
cluded, also, the holders of office there for a
generation before the war, had, it wasbelieved,
led the masses of those cominunitiesaway from
their allegiance to the General Government
into insurrection and rebellion against the
authority of the nation. It was believed that
it was necessary to emancipate the southern
masses from the influence and control of this
oligarchy which had ruled tliem, and ihat by
taking fjway that influence and control the
masses themselves would return to loyal alle-
giance to the Government, and communities
; he builtup there which could be safely intrusted
with the resumption of the functions of States
in the Federal Union. So that the great ob-
ject of the third section of the amendment was
j the emancipation of the masses of the voting
I population of the South from the control of the
! oligarchy which was believed to be mainly
I responsible for the rebellion.
| At that, time, it must be remembered, during
the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
1 the idea had not yet entered into the minds of
the majoiity of our statesmen that, a loyal
element was to be developed in the southern
States by enfranchising the colored population.
The whole theoiy of the fourteenth amend-
ment, during the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, was that under the operation
of the amendment the political power of those
communities was to remain in the old voting or
white population, except so far as they should,
by their own action, consent to share it with
the colored citizens ; and hence the necessity
of emancipating the masses of the white popu-
lation from the control of those who had led
them into insurrection.
As such, as a measure necessary at the time
for building up loyal communities in the recent
theater of rebellion and for speedily bringing
those communities back to the exercise of their
normal functions in the Union, the people ac-
quiesced in and sanctioned this third section
of the fourteenth amendment. Now, sir, since
that period almost three years have elapsed ;
and the inquiry to-day is whether the necessity
which then existed for such disabilities exists
any longer? If that necessity has ceased, if the
restoration of the Union which was sought for
thru bv this species of legislation is now sub-
stantially an accomplished fact, then certainly
it would seem that the time has arrived, fore-
seen'by the Senator from Ohio, when by one
general law we may wipe out all those disabil
ities.
Now, sir, hasnot that period arrived? Events
have occurred stronger than all your legisla-
tion, more potent than all constitutional amend-
ments which you have enacted or can enact to
secure the immediate and complete restoration
of the integrity of the Republic. The verdict
of the people in the recent election has ren-
dered no longer doubtful the immediate and
complete return of all the States to their proper
relations in the Union. Seven of them already
have returned, aud I see their loyal Senators
around me on this floor. The remaining three
inevitably, in the ordinary progress of events,
must come back before another year has passed
over our heads. The necessity having ceased
the disabilities should be removed.
When we come to the consideration of the
abolition of the restrictions upon suffrage we
are1 led-into a somewhat similar course of
inquiry to that through which we have just
passed. How came it to be necessary to limit
the suffrage in these southern States in the
manner in which it is limited by the reconstruc-
tion acts? The fourteenth article of amend-
ment, had been promulgated to the people in
June, I860, and in the autumn and winter fol-
lowing had been quiteunanimously rejected hy
the provisional Legislatures of the southern
States. I shall not stop here to inquire how it
happened that the rejection took place.
It is enough to say that it is clearly traceable
to a combination between the southern oli-
garchy, the President of the United States,
and the leaders of the Democratic party at the
North. But the rejection did take place ; and
when the Thirty-Ninth Congress assembled at
its second session the whole work of recon-
struction had to begin again from the founda-
tion, and now experience had taught us that
the work would not stand unless it was founded
upon justice. We had realized the necessity
of developing in some other mode in those
southern communities a loyal element, out of
which State organizations might be framed
which could be safely intrusted with the re-
sumption of Federal duties. Hence the fran-
chise was extended to the colored citizens of
the South. But while at the same time the
necessity of developing and building up a loyal
element had become apparent, it had also be-
come apparent that it was necessary to put
down still more effectually the political power
cl' the controlling disloyal element there; and
therefore, for the transition period which must
yet elap«e before the restoration of those States
to the Union, Congress in the reconstruction
laws provided that the classes enumerated in
the third section of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution should not be permitted to
vote, limiting and confining the operation of
the provision to the transition period of which
I have spoken.
In seven of the States the laws themselves
have been replaced by the local State consti-
tutions. They apply now only to Texas, Vir-
ginia, and Mississippi; and they apply there,
after the result of the recent election, after
the conviction which must have been forced
upon the mind of every citizen of those States
by that election of the inevitable necessity of
a return to a loyal submission to the Govern-
tnentof the United States. These laws, limit-
ing and restraining the suffrage, serve now
only to gall and irritate, and to do no good
whatever, unless, indeed, sir—that which 1 too
often hear and too often read in the news-
papers—we are here to continue disabilities
upon those people for the purpose of main-
taining the ascendency of the Republican party
in those communities ; and I take it that legis-
lation for such a purpose as that, or for any
merely partisan purpose, is not to be enter-
tained by the Senate of the United States.
Well, now, sir, is there any necessity that
the fragmentthat remains of the operation of
these limitations upon the suffrage in those
States should be longer continued? And if
there is not; if the original necessity of these
disabilities of both kinds has passed away, has
actually been driven out of existence by the
action of the people of the United States in
the recent presidential election, whv should
we retain tliem here longer?
But, sir, it is not the only reason for the re-
moval of these disabilities that the necessity
in which they originated has passed away.
There are other and stronger reasons affirm-
atively why the Congress of the United States
should now enact the measures which I have
introduced.
In the first place, if we are to judge by pub-
lic action, what is the sentiment of the people
in these restored States themselves? You lim-
ited the suffrage throughout those States during
the transition period ; and when the people
