1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
the first line the words " for electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President and members of the
House of Representatives of the United States;"
and by inserting after the word " office'' in the
second line the words "under the United
States;" so as to make the clause read :
The right of citizens of the Uuited States to vote
for electors of President and Vice President and
members of the' House of Representatives of the
United States, and hold office under the United
States, shall not bo denied or abridged by the United
States nor by any State on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buokalew, Da-
vis, Dison, Doolittle, Grimes, Hendricks, McCreery,
Norton, Saulsbury, and Van Winkle—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Cattell, Colo. Conkling,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Perry. Frehng-huy-
sen, Harlan,Harris, Howard.Howe,McDonald,Moi-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
Stewart, Sumner, Thaver, Tipton, Trumbull. Vick-
ers, Wade, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams, Wil-
son, and yates—42.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Edmunds,
Fesseftdcn, Fowler, Henderson, Kellogg, Osborn,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomoroy, Sprague, and
Whyte—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Constitu-
tion provides that in submitting a proposed
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States to the people Congress may elect be-
tween two modes of submission, may either
submit it to the Legislatures for their ratifi-
cation or to conventions in the States. The
present proposition as it now stands is that the
amendment shall be submitted for ratification
to the Legislatures of the States. It is well
known that most of the Legislatures, I think a
majority of the Legislatures, have already been
chosen; at any rate a large number of them.
I have not examined to see how many of them,
but I think more than half the Legislatures to
whom this proposition would necessarily be
submitted, are already chosen.
This is admitted ou all hands, it is acknowl-
edged by every Senator who has participated
in the debate, to be a most important change
in the policy of this Government. Heretofore
the question of suffrage has been left wholly
to the States. The United States Government
has refrained from all interference ; the States
have been left free to make such qualifications
touching suffrage as they might think proper.
Whatever those qualifications mi^ht be, 1 do
not know that there hag been any limit what-
ever upon the power of the States in this regard.
Now, sir, it does seem to me that in.regard to
a change of this radical character, which pro-
poses to take from the States their power over
suffrage and invest that power in the National
Government, the people should be heard, that
they should express their sense; that the States
should be heard, that they should have an op-
portunity to say whether they are in favor of
this change or not, whether they are willing to
give up this great right which they have here-
tofore enjoyed. It is utterly impossible that
they should be heard on this subject as they
ought to be heard if the question is submitted
to Legislatures, for the reason I have stated,
that Legislatures are chosen and it is out of
the power of Congress to provide that any given
Legislature, any particular specified Legisla-
ture, shall act upon this subject. It must go to
Legislatures generally. Those already elected
have the same power to act as those which may
be chosen hereafter.
This is not important to Connecticut alone,
but to the whole country. I therefore pro-
pose—and I trust I shall have the vote of the
Senate upon the subject—that this question
shall be left to conventions of the people in the
various States. My colleague has spoken of
the expense of that mode of proceeding. Cer-
tainly when we are voting away millions and
millions in the shape of subsidies the expense
of a convention in the States cannot be a suffi-
cient object to overcome and counterpoise the
very great advantage of submitting this ques-
tion to the people for their consideration.
Now_, sir, I propose in the recital of this
resolution to strike out the words " the Legis-
latures of " where they occur, in the first in-
stance, and insert the words "conventions in;"
and, in the second instance, -where the word
"Legislatures" occurs to strike out "Legisla-
tures" and insert "conventions."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is not quite in order now. It will be
after the amendment moved by the Senator
from Nevada from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary is disposed of.
Mr. DIXON. I supposed the other amend-
ments were disposed of. 1 am willing to wait
until they are.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate has .already, on
the motion of the Senator from California, [Mr.
Conness,] made an alteration of form, not of
substance, in this proposition. I will suggest
one more. The amendment reads as follows:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold offieeshallnot bedeniedor abridged bytlie
United States nor by any State.
It will appear tliatthe words " United States"
is used twice in two lines, the first time, as it
seems twme, without any necessity and almost
without any significance. I would suggest,
therefore, that after the word " right" and be-
fore " to vote" the words "of citizens of the
United States" should be struck out; so that
the clause will read:
The right to vote and hold office shall not be de-
nied or abridged by the United States, nor by any
State, on account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done. I admit the sentence will be a little
more direct, but I think the words have some
meaning. I think voting appertains to citizen-
ship. «
The P.RESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to strike out the words " of citizens of
the United States" in the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the amendment
will not prevail, because I think the words do
not obscure the sense, and they have some
meaning and connect the right to vote and to
hold office with citizenship. The amendment
without these"words might be misconstrued, at
least in the popular mind. It might not be
misconstrued by a critical mind, but it would
lead to misapprehension in the popular mind.
Mr. SUMNER. I may be mistaken, but I
caunot see the possibility of any misconstruc-
tion. Ou the contrary, the sentences to me
are much clearer with these words out. These
words burden the sentence without giving it any
force. The proposition in this amendment is
that the right to vote shall not be abridged on
account of color. In that statement you reduce
it to its minimum.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if his
amendment should be adopted making it read
thus, "The right to vote shall not be denied
or abridged by the United States or any State
by reason of race, color," &c., would not that
give the right to vote and to hold office affirm-
atively to any man without naturalization ? It
would make a man competent to be President
of the United States without being a citizen of
the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The proposition is that the right to vote
shall have no limitation on account of color.
That is the amendment we are seeking to es-
tablish: the right to vote shall have no limita-
tion from color. It does not go beyond that.
Mr. STEWART. On account of race, too.
Mr. SUMNER. Color or race. I am sim-
plifying it now; I am reducing it.to its mini-
mum. The right to vote shall not be abridged
on account of race or color; that is the prop-
osition we want to establish. There is no oc-
casion to burden it by the words "of citizens
of the United States;" they are absolute sur-
plusage there, and they burden the sentence.
It is not a matter of any great consequence,
however.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is this signifi-
cance in the motion of the Senator from Mas- !
sachnsetts, as it strikes ifle, and this only: the
amendment of the committee as it stands con-
fines or limits the right to vpte to citizens of
the United States, or rather prevents citizens
being denied the right to vote on account of
color. If you strike out the words "citizens
of the United States" you extend this amend-
ment. Now, in some of the States citizenship
is not a requisite to suffrage ; persons who ar§
not citizens vote in some of the States of the
Union. There would be nothing in this amend-
ment, as the committee have reported itr to
prevent those States discriminating againstper-
sons who are not citizcns on account of race
or color; but if the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts is adopted the
State of Michigan and the State of Indiana,
which formerly, and I believe now, allowed per-
sons to vote without naturalization, could not
discriminate against unnaturalized persons on
account of race or color ; but if the commit-
tee's amendment is adopted they could so dis-
criminate. So that striking out these words
enlarges the scope of the proposition and takes
from the State of Indiana, by way of illustra-
tion, the power of discrimination among un-
naturalized persons on account of race or color.
In Illinois citizenship is now a requisite for
voting, but prior to 1847 citizenship was not
required as a requisite for voting. After ail,
there has been a great confounding ot terms,
it seems to me, in this debate—in which I have
taken no part, and I do not propose to take
any now—by supposing that citizenship had
anything to do with voting iu this country.
Citizenship and the right of suffrage were never
synonymous terms; they do not necessarily go
together at all. But if this amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is adopted it will
not bo in the power of Indiana to discriminate
against persons who are not citizens on account
of race or color. I think that is the extent
and significance of the proposed amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the gist of
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts would be to make the Chinese
eligible to office and to vote. As the amend-
ment is presented by the Committee on the
Judiciary it provides that the right of citizens
of the United States to vote and hold office
shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States nor any State on account of race or
color. That does not admit the Chinese, be-
cause the Chinese are not citizens of the United
States, and cannot be naturalized under the
law as it now stands, because the naturalization
laws contain the word " white." This will not
enfranchise the Chinese, because the Chinese
are not citizens of the United States; but if you
strike out these words, then you make the Chi-
nese, without being citizens, eligible to office
and to vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree entirely in the
construction which the honorable Senator from
Indiana gives to the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts. Not only would it author-
ize the Chinese to vote, but it w'ould authorize
the Indians to vote in every State and Terri-
tory of the Union.
Mr. MORTON. That is so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You could not hinder
their voting. But there is another view of the
amendment as proposed by the Senator from
Nevada which has not yet been presented in
the Senateand which deserves some attention.
If the original amendment be adopted as it
stands, it allows all citizens to vote and pre-
vents the State from decitizenizing—if you may
use that expression-—or disfranchising anybody
on account of race or color who is naturalized by
the law of Congress; and it puts at the same time
into the power of Congress the whole question
of citizenship. Pass the original proposition
as it stands, and Congress by a simple act of a
majority can strike the word "white" from
your naturalization laws and naturalize one
hundred thousand Chinese in Oregon or Cali-
fornia at their pleasure, and Oregon and Cali-
fornia will have no power over the question.
Or, further, adopt the amendment proposed
