1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
by the committee, and Congress, having the
power over the question of citizenship, may
for any reason they think proper decitizenize
any class in the community. Congress deciti-
zenized those men who disobeyed the draft or
ran away from the draft, who did not obey the
law of Congress on that subject. Congress
passed a law declaring that they were no longer
citizens of the United States. If you adopt
the original amendment as it stands you give
Congress control over the question of citizen-"
ship, the whole power over suffrage in each of
the States. Congress can citizenize whom they
please and decitizenize whom they please, and
the States cannot help themselves. I agree
that the effect of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is precisely what the
Senator from Indiana says. I suppose that
the word " citizens " is put in there mainly to
secure the support of our friends on the west-
ern coast to the proposition, inasmuch as they
think they are safe against the Chinese becom-
ing citizens for the present under the natural-
ization laws. But when the great question
comes to be agitated, when the great Senator
from Massachusetts, true to his doctrine as he
is and, ever llSs^been and ever will be—for we
can swear to that now just as well as if we had
seen it already—begins with the naturalization
laws to give his sledge-hammer blows at this
terrible word "white" in the naturalization
laws, then our friends from California and Ore-
gon will understand the meaning of this amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to remind my friend
that I have a bill for that purpose now before
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, he has already-
begun his blows.
Sir. SUMNER. That committee have not
reported the bill. They have kept it in their
committee-room. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will help me to get it out of the
committee-room.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You see, fellow-citi-
zens  [Laughter.] I beg pardon; but I
have been up all night. [Laughter.] You
see, Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. 1 do not understand that
the Senator from Massachusetts is in favor of
naturalizing pagans from what I heard him say
the othccrday. I should like to understand
how that is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has stated very distinctly that he has
a bill already pending, and has sent it 1.0 the
Committee on the Judiciary, in which, true to
his doctrine of abolishing all distinctions of
race and color, this awful word "white" is to
be stricken out of the naturalization laws, so
that the Chinese can be naturalized on com-
ing into California just as well as the men of
European descent who come into the States
on the eastern shore.
Now, Mr. President, I say the amendment
pressed by the Senator from Nevada gives the
whole power to Congress over the question of
suffrage in all the States, because Congress
having the power of naturalization and the
power over citizenship can say who shall be
citizens and who shall not, and the States can-
not help themselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to inquire of
the Senator if the Congress of the United
States has any power over citizenship except
as to foreigners.
TMr. DOOLITTLE. The Congress of the
United States enacted a law during the war,
by which every man who refused to obey the
draft was decitizenized, and it was declared
that he should not vote. In the State of Wis-
consin several hundred men, notwithstanding
the laws of the State, under a law passed by
Congress, were deprived of their right of suf-
frage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As a punishment for
crime, I presume.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As a punishment for
crime, without any trial or conviction, just
simply by act of Congress and putting to them
a test-oath, or some measure of that kind, with-
out trial or conviction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it was entirely
competent for Congress to prescribe the penalty
for violations of its laws, or for a State to do so.
They might go so far as to execute a deserter ;
and in that case, I suppose, he would lose his
right of citizenship if he were executed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not speaking of
the propriety of the act of Congress in dis-
franchising men who deserted the draft; I am
speaking of the question of power 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question I asked
was whether it was in the power of Congress to
naturalize the native-born persons of the coun-
try whom the Constitution of the United
States, as now amended, says are citizens of
the United States. I agree you can punish a
man for crime.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The new amendment
to the Constitution may have prohibited the
exercise of that power ; but however that may
be, certainly there is no restriction upon Con-
gress over the laws of naturalization ; and they
may, and, judging by all the history of the p'ast,
they probably will, strike the word "white" Out
of the naturalization laws. I have seen my
honorable friend from Massachusetts, when he
stood as near alone as he stands now on that
question—on the great question of reconstruc-
tion—when he had no more of his party to
stand with him than he has now on the ques-
tion of striking the word "white" out of the
naturalization laws and admitting the Chinese
to naturalization, and, judging by the past,
I think in the future, ringing the changes as
he can and he will on this great question of his,
which he has done so much to spread through
the country, of no distinction on account of'
race or color, he will plead with the people of
this country, "You have given citizenship to
all of African descent; why shall you not give
citizenship to the descendants of the Celestial
empire—the children of an empire older than
any other ill civilization, far higher in civili-
zation than all the governments or tribes of
Africa." He will press you on that question. I
did not know that he had a bill pending already
to that effect. I was only judging of what he
would do by what he has donef but it seems
that I had overlooked the important fact that
he has already begun to press it, and he will
press it and you will yield to the pressure, and
the thing will be done. I have seen the Sen-
ate yield heretofore to his pressure on such
questions, and they willyield again on this very
question, and our friends from California and
Nevada and Oregon may just as well under-
stand it now as understand it one, two, three,
or five years hence. The thing is coming.
Adopt this amendment and you may consider
it the same as accomplished when you look to
the future in a very little time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not the Senator him-
self in favor of striking out the word "white"
from the naturalization laws? Has he any
objection to that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not in favor of
striking it out from the naturalization laws. I
think the grandest mistake this Government
has ever made has grown out of this very mis-
take which I think the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts entertains, but which he has suc-
cessfully persuaded the people of the country
to listen to and yield to. Perhaps he is right
and perhaps I am wrong in all my ideas on this
subject, but he has carried the people with him,
or enough of the party of the majority with him,
to compel the majority to go for his measures,
and he has been successful.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What measures?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
from Maine asks me what measures. I will
tell my honorable friend. I remember very
well when my honorable friend from Maine, in
a speech in this body in reply to the Senator
from Massachusetts, who had proposed that
negro suffrage should be extended to the States
of the South as a condition of reconstruction,
resisted it, and in the speech he made to the
Senate he said that, as everybody knows?, the
question of suffrage belongs to 'the States for
themselves. That was his opinion entertained
then.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I wish to say a word.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will allow me I will state the time when, so as
to call his attention particularly to it; for any-
thing between the honorable Senator and my-
self is entirely unanticipated by me. It was
in 1866, at the time when it was proposed as
the first measure of reconstruction to submit
to the governments, which you subsequently
declared to be provisional in the States of the
South, a constitutional amendment'before any
of these measures of reconstruction by mili-
tary operations were adopted. It was in that
speech to which I refer that the honorable
Senator made as chairman of the Committee
on Reconstruction when he replied to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I think the Senator
will not find anything of that sort.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
has spoken so much on the subject, and his
recollection is so clear, that if I had not exam-
ined his language myself and given particular
attention to it 1 would not state it with as much
positiveness as I do ; but I am sure that he
used the language that I attribute to him. The
language was this: that the question of suffrage
belongs to the people of the States, as every-
body knows, and we have no right to force it
upon them; and then the Senator used an argu-
ment in favor of submitting the amendment to
them. What I spoke of the Senator yielding
to the Senator from Massachusetts is this: the
Senior from Massachusetts took the ground
in the beginning that the States of the South
were conquered territories, and that Congress
had the power to impose upon them just such
terms as it pleased, and therefore could im-
pose ofi them universal negro suffrage.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The remark I made,
which has been sometimes quoted in regard to
the doctrine of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, applied directly to a series of resolutions
which were laid on the table by him, one of
which was that those States were territories,
and must be treated as such. That I did not
agree with at that time, and I said at that time
that the Senator from Massachusetts, in my
judgment, stood alone upon that great ques-
tion, and, in my humble judgment, he stands
alone now. There has been nothing done, so
far as the reconstruction measures are con-
cerned, that has ever taken the ground that
those States were mere territories of the Uni-
ted States, and to be treated in the same way.
The remark that I made extended to that and
nothing more. That I said or might have said
at that time or at some other time that, as the
law stood, the right to regulate suffrage he-
longed to the States, by the Constitution, 1
will not deny. I thought so then, and I think
so now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And I certainly, with
my honorable friend from Maine, have no con-
troversy. I had no intention to allude to him.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I was misunderstood
in my remark in regard to the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. It was confined
entirely to that idea which I have stated, and
went no further.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On this point, perhaps,
in the heat of discussion, in referring to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, I have
dwelt longer than I should on what I suppose
is to be the coming future on the naturaliza-
tion question. I still incline to the opinion
that he will succeed In spite of the remon-
strances of the Senators from California and
Oregon, in striking out the word "white" from
the naturalization laws, and the Chinese will
then, under this amendment, become voters
in those States.
Mr. YATES. I wish to inform the Senator
that it seems to me on this very day, by a vote
of 24 to 19, we have declared that there shall
be no restriction upon suffrage on account of
