1868.
TUB M30N GKS5SSI0NAL ffiLQBl*
m
came to make their new constitutions- your
own friends, the very loyal element thatyoa'
had built up, swept away by: their' sovereign
action in their conventions the very limita-.
tions that you had imposed.
But that is not all. . The local feeling is not
only thus evinced, but the continuance of these
disabilities -now provided for'in the third sec-
lion of the fourteenth article is injurious to the
interests and the safety of the whole Republic^
What do we .want of those States? We want
them to come back to build up a strong-,' free,'
and end tiring nationality; and it is true, Sen-
ators;-that the disabilities imposed by this
third section to-day deprive the States and the
Republic of the assistance and services of the
greater portion of the intelligence, the culture,
and the property of those communities.
Is it said that it is dangerous now, after the
action of the people of this country in the re-
cent presidential election ? I do not believe
that there is a man so mad throughout that
whole portion of the Republic as even to wish
to struggle longer against the national Suprem-
acy; and if he entertain no such wish, what
other wish can he entertain except to restore
prosperity to liis own and all portions of the
country ?
But the imposition of your disabilities goes
further. It scatters broadcast all over the
South a race of political outlaws, sullen and
discontented, from the feeling, right or wrong,
that they ai-e suffering injustice, and naturally
enough so fits them to become centers of con-
spiracy.
Tlie continuance of the disabilities affects not
only the individuals themselves, but it extends
to the whole community.' It is a disfranchise-
ment, so far as it goes, of every citizen there,
black and white, loyal and disloyal. It is not
enough to say to me "You may go to the polls
to vote" when, at the same time, you say to
me, "The man you choose shall not hold his
office ;" and thus the operation ofthe disabil-
ities, if continued, will not only be to foster
discontent in the class immediately affected by
them, but it spreads thediscontentout into the
masses of society. And what is it that we want
now ? What is it that was the great watchword
that carried us triumphantly, more, perhaps,
than anything else, through the recent contest ?
It was the aching, longing demand of the people
ot' this nation for peace; peace at home; peace
with each other; peace with all the people in
every State ; peace, the'parent of law, of order,
of industry, and of prosperity. And are you
to get peace by refusing to permit great bodies
of citizens in ten of the States of the Union ;
yea, in all the Stiites, wherever they may hap-
pen to reside, to be eligible to office, and by
forbidding their fellow-citizens to exercise the
right of suffrage in voting for them ?
The bill of the Senator from Nevada is a
forcible commentary upon the impolicy of any
longer continuing in existence these disabili-
ties. What is that, bill? A bill for the crea-
tion of new crimes; a bill for the imposition
of new punishments, fines, and imprisonments
by Federal courts and Federal authority and
Federal officers u pon persons whom the people,
in the exercise of their right of suffrage, accord-
ing to their good pleasure, have elected to
ottice.
And the bill of the Senator from Nevada is
a logical deduction from the continuance of
these disabilities, because if you insist upon
coniinuing them you mustdo oneof two things ;
you must either enforce them-or you must let
them pass without enforcement. If you enforce
them-you employ the central power of this
nation and send it perambulating every State
to see how the people vote and who holds the
local offices. You drag constables and sheriffs
and justices of the peace and members of the
Legislatures before your Federal courts because
they have accepted the offices to which the peo-
ple chose them. You inflict upon them fines
and impi isoomeuts. You centralize the entire
power of this Government. Sir, I am no par-
ticular believer in, nor have I any particular
respect for, what is called the doctrine of State
rigfets; bntl-do believe ttet, .essential to.our;
republican system-, essential to the liberties of*
this people, is the continuance of looal-.iself-.-
government, and the bill of the Senator from
Nevafla compels the federal authority to inter-'
fere'in every local eleetion.throughout the Re«.
public wherever the people shall choose ■ to
select for office a person affected by any of
these disabilities. But suppose, on the other
hand, that you do not enforce the law;; 'that
the bill of the Senator from Nevada shall not
pass, and that the constitutional amendment
shall be left to stand to enforce itself, then* as
we know from.'experience, it will not be en-
forced. In every one of the recently recon-
structed States, States that have made repub-
lican constitutions and sent them here, and we
have approved them, in different parts of those
States the" local constituencies have ehosen
public officers obnoxious to some of these dis-
abilities.
Will you enforce your law? You centralize
the Government and you strike a fatal blow at
the existence of local self-government, the
proper foundation of our republican system.
Will you decline or neglect to enforce your
law? You bring all law into contempt. So
that in either point of view it is true, as I said,
that the bill offered by the Senator from Ne-
vada is a forcible argument in favor of the
measures which I advocate.
Again, sir, now that the strife of civil war is
over; now that the three years of anarchy which
a bad President has brought upon us are brought
to a close; now that the people have by such
overwhelming majorities declared that this
Government henceforth is to go back to the
system which Jefferson contemplated when he
framed the Declaration, it is needful for the
building up of that homogeneous state of civil
society all over the Republic; which is essen-
tial to the continuance of our institutions, that
these disabilities should be removed. I have
felt rejoiced at the amendment after amend-
ment to the Constitution which has been offered
in the two Houses of Congress at this session
for the abolition of the class distinctions which
still disfigure the legislation of many of the
States of this Union. I have always believed
that our Republican system can only endure
upon the basis of a true and broad democracy,
a Government deriving its powers from the
consent ofthe governed. And how can I-stand
here and vote for an amendment to the Con-
stitution to strike out all distinctions of color
in the exercise of the suffrage and at the same
time insist upon the continuance of such dis-
abilities as yet remain upon the Federal statute-
book? Why, sir, it does seem to me as if the
experience of the last fifty years ought to en-
lighten us as to the chimerical character of the
dangers which have been apprehended from
the extension of suffrage and of eligibility to
office at one time and another.
It has been thought once, even in this land,
that poverty disqualified a man from voting,
and no man, unless he was the owner of prop-
erty, was permitted to exercise the suffrage.
Time went on; the property qualification dis-
appeared; and nowhere are law and order
more respected, are person and property more
secure than in those communities where suf-
frage is most universal and government rests
upon the broadest foundation.
It has been thought that dangers might assail
us in the influx of the enormous immigration
from the Old World, and a great party was
once organized upon that very apprehension.
The fear has passed away, for time and expe-
rience have demonstrated that the evils accom-
panying that immigration are but temporary,
and will pass away in a single generation.
The time has been when the negro was a
beast of burden, and nothing else. The time
is how when good men too often apprehend the
danger of an extension of the suffrage^ unto
him by reason of the ignorance which is the
result of centuries of slavery; but it is begin-
ning to be seen, by the practical operation of
the laws extending suffrage, that all these fears
are chimerical, and that the black roan as well
as tbe '^ite'isweiBraeBfcflf^rei^tb andiprtis-
perii^iti.aiyil.soctefcy. . - ,"fstv •' vh? -;
Ami so-uow olber goodi infill tfea* tbit-thi
extension of :]Jbe.suffrage' and theiremovat  f>
the disabilities to-. eihd from the <entiro> >cbass
lately engaged in the rebellion will bring perii
to thecommunity.. The ap^telferoionin ihe.huttt
case, inmy judgment, will'proye asfullaeiouaas
in all-the other cases ; and 1 think that w ii h li.'B
adoption; of some.one of:the constitutioruft:
amendments to which 1 have referred, • vrid 
the sweeping away from- your statute-book'-'of
all these disabilities, we may, realize in a bKidfc"
space of- time thatf whieh Jefferson contemf
plated when he framed the Declaration—a gov-
ernment wherein rich and poor; native and
citizen of foreign birth, <the negro ant} his
former master, -may all constitute elements in.
a republican democracy, which shall be as
broad as the.contirient, and as>eaduriiig as the
national life.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I intro-
duced this bill yesterday for. the purpose ofj
reference, but it was laid over in order that
the Senator from Connecticut might moke
some remarks upon it. In order that those
remarks may not go out without a brief state-
ment of the situation, I desire to. make a few
observations myself on the same subject, '
There is no one more ready to - remove dis-
abilities than myself, and no one more anxious
for aa opportunity to remove disabilities j but
in removing disabilities 1 want reciprocity on
the part of those people. That has been my
theory from the beginning. If their disabili-
ties are to be removed, if . they are to be re--
stored to citizenship and to the right to hold
office, I want them voluntarily to allow other
citizens the same privilege.
This particular section of the constitutional
amendment when it was adopted was intended,
as stated by. the S.enator from Connecticut, ta
be temporary. I. thought at that time I saw
some virtue in the section. 1 saw that there
would be a time when we could appeal to the
men in the South who had control to a great
extent there to grant civil and political ri hts
to all men, and receive them themselves. This
subject of the removal of disabilities has been
referred to me in the Senate, for the roost part,
and I have examined each case with all the
care that, I could, and wherever L found a per-
son willing to submit-to the ldws of Congress,
wherever the evidence tended to show that he
was disposed to submit to the laws of Congress,
to make no more trouble and cease- to ostra-
cise others, I have recommended the removal
of the disabilities. It is reported that some
of those very persons whose disabilities have
been removed have not acted as they pro-
fessed on that occasion, but for the most part
they have acted well. There have been some
mistakes already made.
The condition of the southern country will
not warrant—I hope the time may come very
soon when it will—the removal of disabilities
universally. If we intend to Secure what the
Senator is so anxious to secure, that, is to secure
to all men their just rights, to wipe out class
legislation and to make this a democratic Re-
public, it will not do to place any more power
in the hands of the enemies of those ideas.
Where they have had power they have exer-
cised it in the most arbitrary manner in the
South. In Georgia, for instance, we find them
without any cause expelling from bffiee with-
out any trial loyal men elected and holding
their offices, not only in accordance with the
laws of Congress but in accordance with their
State constitution, on account of color. We
find them perpetrating those acts, and among
the number guilty of these outrages we are in-
formed—it has not been investigated; it is to
be investigated, however—that there are a large
number of persons who are disqualified from
holding office under this very fourteenth amend-
ment. Will the Senator from Connecticut re-
move the disabilities from those men who are
disqualified by law, while they, in violation of
all law and against their own local law, expel
members of the Legislature ?
