1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
in plaster, and the farther sum of 85,000 on the com-
pletion, to the acceptance of the then Secretary of
Interior, of sueh life-size statue in marble, and the
delivery of the same as hereinbefore mentioned."
Mr. HOWARD. I have nothing further to
say about this matter, except that it appears
from the contract itself and from the letter ot
the Secretary that we are absolutely bound at
present to pay the $5,000 whatever may be the
quality of this model. 1 wish that it was other-
wise ; but as I cannot help it I do not see but
that I shall be compelled to vote for the appro-
priation, inasmuch as it is paying a debt for
which we have entered into a contract. I beg
to repeat, however, that in my opinion—and 1
place very little value upon it myself, I can
assure Senators—we and the country will be
dissatisfied with this statue if it is completed
according to the present model, which I have
inspected myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. i will say but a word
on this subject. It seems that this contract,
was entered into in pursuance of law. The
Senator from Michigan is a little mistaken, I
think, in his idea about it. The Secretary of
the Interior was directed to make a contract,
and the model has been completed to his satis-
faction. He says so. The Senator from Michi-
gan thinks the model is such a one as the coun-
try will not be satisfied with. I have not much
of an eye for statuary, and my opinion would
be worth very little - on a subject of that kind.
I can only say that in my judgment the model
resembles Mr. Lincoln very much ; and I can
say further that some of my Illinois friends
who have examined the model and who were
intimately acquainted with Mr. Lincoln, those
who profess to have knowledge of such mat-
ters, express themselves as very much pleased
with it and regard it as a very great success.
That certainly is the concurring opinion of
nearly all persons who knew Mr. Lincoln most
intimately. It is regarded by them as a re-
markable resemblance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I see the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] rises. I wish to appeal to him to allow
ns to have a vote on this proposition. I sup-
pose nothing but a Massachusetts' claim could
prompt me to provoke discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators about me say we
must pay for this statue. I suppose we must;
but I wish to suggest again to my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
the expediency of inquiring whether we can-
not in some way get a release from that second
$5,000, because it is all to no purpose; the
statue never will be placed in this Capitol.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask whether he has ever seen it ?
Mr. SUMNER. I have not, but I have heard
of it.
Mr. NYE. Why did you not go and see it?
It is right here in the Capitol. I insist that
when the thing is here on exhibition the hon-
orable Senator has no right to criticise it unless
he has seen it.
Mr. SUMNER. I criticise it on what I have
heard and read about it. From the beginning,
in advance, I criticised it.
Mr. NYE. That is true. ^
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that is
true. I know it is true, and I am sure the
Senate will regret the appropriation. The
French have a saying that it is bad to throw
moneyout of a window. That vote by Con-
gress was like throwing money out of a win-
dow. I wish we could get it back.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the clause making appropriations
for the surveyor general of Nevada and his
office.
Mr. NYE. I call the attention of the chair-
man to the appropriation for the salary of the
surveyor general of Nevada. I think the law
fixes his salary at $3,000, and it is placed in the
bill at $2,500. I do not understand why it is
cut down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that
should be $8,000. I believe that is the law.
I move, in lines six hundred and eighty-nine
and six hundred and ninety, to strike out
"$2,500" and to insert '• $3,000 so as to
make the appropriation for his salary §3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was after line seven
hundred and five to insert:
For surveyor general of Florida, $2,000, and for
clerks in his office, $3,500; $5,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill down to the appropriations for the United
States Patent Office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line seven
hundred and twenty-two I move to strike out
the words " one disbursing clerk, $2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The last amend-
ment renders it necessary to reduce the amount
of the appropriation for the Patent Office by
$2,000. In line seven hundred and twenty-six
I move to strike out the word "two ; " so that
the appropriation will be $140,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line seven
hundred and sixty-three to insert the following
proviso:
Provided, That with the exception of the Commis-
sioner of Patents and the examiners-in-chicf, all the
officers, clerks, and employes of the Patent Office
shall be subject to the appointing and removing
power of the Secretary of the Interior in like man-
ner and to the same extent as clerks of the Pension
Office are so subject under existing laws.
Mr. WILLEY. That amendment proposes
a somewhat radical change in the administra-
tion of that Department, and I should be glad
to have the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations inform us upon what it is based, i
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It comes from j
the Department itself. The Senator will see |
that the only change effected by the amend-
ment is to put the appointment of the subor-
dinate officers, in other words the clerks, under
the power of the Secretary the same as they
are in the other bureaus. That is the whole
extent of it.
Mr. WILLEY. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that this proposition comes from the
Patent Office ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; not from
the Patent Office, but from the Interior Depart-
ment. It was suggested that it was an entirely
anomalous condition of things in that Depart-
ment of the Government, and it does seem to
be. Why this office should be entirely distinct
in this respect I do not know.
Mr. WILLEY. No doubt the different ar-
rangement that has been made is due to the
fact that the employes of this Department were
required to be of a particular kind of mechan-
ical skill and scientific skill having reference
to particular duties to be performed by them,
and it was supposed that the Commissioner of
Patents, who himself is selected for his gen-
eral knowledge of such subjects, would be bet-
ter qualified to make judicious selections than
"would be the Secretary of the Interior himself.
I suppose that is the reason why a different
arrangement has heretofore prevailed in the
power of appointing the employ§s of the Patent
Office. It is a matter to which my attention
has not been specially directed; but this seems
to be the introduction of a new policy and a
new arrengement in that Department. The
Department seems to have worked well hith-
erto, and unless there be special reasons sug-
gesting this change 1 submit that we had better
let well enough alone.
Mr. FERRY. I think that this amendment
of the committee, if it is practicable at all, if
the Secretary undertakes to appoint all the offi-
cers, clerks, and employes of the Patent Office,
will be productive of very great mischief. It
is true, as is said by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, that the appointing power in this office
has been vested in the Commissioner of Pat-
ents because of the peculiar quality of skill and
scientific knowledge required in the appointees;
and a very serious responsibility——
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the honor-
able Senator will yield to me I will say that as
this amendment is likely to give rise to debate
and is deemed by the Committee on Patents
objectionable I will ask the Senate to non-
concur in it rather than have time spent upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope not. I think the
amendment is right.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I
yield to the Senator's opinion in that respect.
Mr. FERRY. Then I will proceed. I was
saying that a great responsibility rests upon
the Commissioner of -Patents in exercising his
function of selecting these subordinates, and
the duties of that office can only be discharged
by having the responsibility placed, in my judg-
ment, upon the Commissioner. If the assistant
examiners are to be thrust upon him by the
Secretary of the Interior, who has his attention
distracted among all the various bureaus of his
Department, and upon whom especially will be
urged political appointments to these subor-
dinate places in the Department, I think the
result will be exceedingly injurious to the pub-
lic service. Where the Secretary of the In-
terior places in the Pension Bureau or in the
Land Office a clerk whose sole duty it is to per-
form certain merely clerical functions, if that
clerk is incapable no great mischief is done;
but if he is to place in the Patent Office per-
sons who should possess scientific knowledge
and mechanical skill and legal knowledge,
knowledge of the laws of patents, and to make
those appointments on the ground of political
qualifications mainly, as we all know appoint-
ments are made in the great portion of the
bureaus, then I think the public service will
suffer. I do not believe there is any evil exist-
ing in the present administration of appoint-
ments in the Patent Office calling for any such
change as this. I can see how the change may
be productive of mischief; and I therefore
hope the amendment will not be concurred in
by the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I have but a word or two
to submit on that amendment. Now, there
is a kind of divided jurisdiction. I suppose
every Senator will admit, when he comes to
reflect upon it, that the Constitution fixes
it. It provides that the President, shall ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, but that Congress may provide
that the heads of Departments and the courts
may appoint subordinate officers without the
concurrence of the Senate. I suppose it would
be an unconstitutional provision to confer on
the head of a bureau merely the power to
make these appointments. The scandal which
has been engendered in connection with the
business of the Patent Office, in my opinion,
has all grown out of this divided jurisdiction.
The law as it now stands, I believe, provides
that the Commissioner of Patents may appoint
these persons, with the approval of the Secre-
tary. The result is, that the Secretary takes
no responsibility whatever, but merely con-
firms the appointments that are sent to him by
the Commissioner. I am sure that if any
member of this body had a month's experience
in either of those offices—-that of Secretary of
the Interior or of Commissioner of Patents—
he would not object for one moment to this
amendment.
The PRESDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move
to insert at the end of the amendment just
adopted the following words:
And the disbursements for the Patent Office shall
be made by the disbursing clerk for the Interior De-
partment.
As we have just abolished the office of dis-
bursing clerk of the Patent Office, this pro-
vision is to require all the disbursements to be
made by the general disbursing officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hutt*
