1869.
THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
began at the thing, although it was probable it
might not be adopted at once, yet in process
of time, in my judgment, it would b.e adopted,
and it was the only way which could secure an
equality of rights and privileges. [ early enter-
tained that opinion, and expressed it before
themeetuig of that Congress.
Mr. NORTON. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Maine if the report of the joint
Committee on Reconstruction did not put the
amendment that it proposed to the Constitu-
tion on. the idea that the States should have
control of the question of suffrage, leaving it
to them lo bear a penally which that amend-
ment provided for ; and if the Senator from
Maine did not in a speech, while that amend-
ment was pending, urge it as leaving it to the
States, they suffering a penalty if they disfran-
chised any class?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably. That
amendment speaks for itself, and I defended it
and supported it as well a,s T was able.
1 was saying, sir, that I was early of the opin-
ion and expressed it before that Congress met
that mere laws and agreements and provisions
in State constitutions would be found in the end
lobe totally without sufficient force to effect the
purpose. Laws could be changed ; provisions
in State constitutions could be changed after
the .States were once admitted; and I came to
the conclusion that there was nothing which
would afford a sure ground except a provision
in the Constitution of the United States that
could not be changed.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will be
kind enough not to interrupt me again. After
I get through he may ask me any question, if
he desires to do so.
But, sir, the majority were of a different
opinion, not that they differed with me at all
in their views with regard to what ought to be
done; but they believe it would be impossible
at that time to carry it through Congress or to
obtain for it the support of the requisite num-
ber of States. Consequently I was directed to
report the Blaine amendment, which, as the
Senator says, does recognize most distinctly
the power, which nobody at that time denied,
of the States to regulate suffrage under the
Constitution of the United States, and made
a, provision which, had it been adopted, I think
might have been attended with very good effects,
because the amendment as reported at that time
made it strongly the interest of those States to
admit all their people to the suffrage and reject
none, because the rejection would have been
attended with a loss of political power. It will
be recollected that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts- [Mr. Sumner] opposed very
strenuously the adoption of that amendment,
and it was defeated in the Senate, not obtain-
ing the requisite number of votes to propose
it to the people; but afterward we adopted
another amendment j-ecognizing the same prin-
ciple unquestionably, but very much weaker,
and which, in my judgment, you will always
find it very difficult to enforce, not having the
vitality and strength of that which we first
introduced.
Now, sir, I do not feci disposed to argue upon
this matter. I have simply stated precisely the
position I occupied then, and I remain of the
same opinion now. If at any time, as is prob-
able, 1 ever opposed the introduction of any
law that was proposed, or opposed the idea of
prescribing to the States as States anywhere
that they should do this or that with regard to
suffrage, it was put upon the ground that I state
now, and upon the objection I always enter-
tained, that the States had the control of suf-
frage under the Constitution of the United
States. The only way now in which the States
formerly in rebellion are iied up and restrained
upon that subject is by provisions in their own
constitutions which we insisted upon afterward
in framing the reconstruction laws, to which
they assented, and which are made, I think,
irrepealable; but even that, in my judgment,
does not afford anything like the protection
that would be afforded by a provision in the
Constitution of the United States that no such
distinction shall exist under any circumstances
whatever.
With regard to the form which it. is to have,
I am not particular provided it effects the pur-
pose. 1 am usually of the opinion that where
there is so much difference we had better adhere
to the report of the committee, if that report
seems to be well founded : and for that reason
I have voted against the amendments that have
been proposed on all sides of this Chamber,
because oil examining the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of Senate I am of
the opinion that that does effect the purpose
by proper and apt words, and goes far enough
to effect all that we desire to accomplish in
relation to that particular point.
Having said this in answer to a suggestion
made by the Senator from Wisconsin to explain
precisely the position I do hold on this subject,
f will not trouble the Senate with any further
remarks.
Mr. NORTON. The Senator from Maine,
I fancy, seemed to have the idea that I was
interrupting him for a purpose not exactly
proper. I had certainly labored under the
impression, after reading the report of the com-
mittee of fifteen and the speech of the Senator
from Maine on the constitutional amendment
reported by that committee, that the Senator
had been opposed to the idea of Congress un-
dertaking to regulate suffrage in the States. I
supposed the report of the committee and the
amendment they proposed left suffrage with
the Stales; but as they might regulate buffrage
they were subject to the penalty provided for
in the amendment. I certainly had no desire
to interrupt the Senator except to ascertain
whether I was correct in the view I had.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is per-
fectly correct in his supposition. I have always
taken that ground, but that does not apply at
all to the power of the States themselves or the
people of the States to change their constitu-
tions, and to make such provision in regard to
suffrage as they shall see fit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall certainly not enter
into the controversy between the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from Wisconsin. It
seems to have been conducted, part of it, over
me. The record will show distinctly what I
have done and what I have failed to do. I
wish to be judged by the record; that is all.
This allusion to it I make now with great re-
luctance and simply in passing to what is the
question before the Senate.
In discussing the question before the Senate
Senators have introduced the topic of natural-
ization, and allusion has been made to a bill
which I introduced nearly two years ago strik-
ing out the word "white" from the natural-
ization laws. It was for some time on the
Calendar, and was at last, against my desires,
referred lo the Committee on the Judiciary.
I was opposed to its teferenee to that commit-
tee, for I feared that I should never see it again ;
and now, though I have more than once pressed
for a report from that committee, theie is no
report, and the bill is still slumbering, so far
as I know, in the committee-room.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I deem it proper to say,
as the Senator from Massachusetts speaks com-
plainingly of the action of the Committee on
the Judiciary, that that bill basbeen considered
by the committee and referred to one of the
members of the committee with all the other
bills on that subject, and there has been con-
siderable time spent in preparing a bill with
regard to the naturalization laws. He must
be aware that the Committee oti the Judiciary
are very much crowded with business at the
present session ; over one hundred and ninety
references have been made to that committee
at this session. That matter is in the hands
of one of the members of the committee, who
is examining it, and hopes soon to be able to
report. .
Mr. SUMNBIi. Sir, I know well the weight
of business on the Committee on the Judiciary;
I wonder that they are able,to do so much as
they accomplish; but the Senator will pardor.
me if I remind him that the bill in question
was referred a long time ago and before the
general question of naturalization was brought
under discussion. It is now, as I understand,
considered in reference to a general bill. Very
well, sir ; I am glad that it is under considera-
tion. and I only hope that we shall get a report.
And now as to the practical value of a bill
striking out the word "white.'* The discus-
sion thus far has had in mind only the Chinese;
but allow me to remind' Senators who have
pressed the Chinese so constantly upon our
consideration that there is another race, the
African ruct!, which cannot be naturalized in
the United States. No African coming from
Cuba, from San Domingo, from Hayti, under
the existing naturalization laws, can become
a citizen. Isthatright? Is it not a grievance?
I have a great many letters from the South de-
tailing cases of positive hardship because col-
ored persons could not, enjoy the benefits of
naturalization and thereby enter into the citi-
zenship of the United States. Several of those
letters I kept in my drawer here to read should
a discussion arise. They may be here now,
but I cannot lay my hands on them at once.
Suffice it to say there are several cases in Geor-
gia, one in Florida, and one case that excited
much sympathy in Norfolk, Virginia—cases of
positive hardship. All these might have re-
ceived relief by the timely action of Congress.
Now, I am brought to the suggestion that I
made, and I certainly should not have made it
had I anticipated that it would have awakened
such a discussion. I simply proposed to strike
out the words "of citizens of the United States,"
believing that that would give clearness and
vigor to the proposition without in any way
modifying its meaning.
Mr. HOWARD. How will it read then?
Mr. SUMNER. It will read as follows :
The right to vote and hold officeshallnotbedenied
or abridged by the United States nor by any St at eon
account of race,color, or previous condition of servi-
tude.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
reminds us that that would let in Indians.
Clearly not; for under other provisions of the
Constitution Indians are exclnded. It would
let in nobody that ought not to be letin. What
we are acting upon now is the right to vote, and
we are seeking to declare that there shall be
no limitation of that right on account of race
or color. That is all that we are seeking to
do in the proposition of the committee, neither
more nor less, and my object in making the
suggestion I have made was to improve the
language of their amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there can
betio mistake about one thing: that if the words
"citizens ofthe United States" be stricken out,
as suggested by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, the effect is to take away from any State
the right to discriminate on account of race,
color, or previous condition of slavery in the
case of Chinese, and that a Chinaman will be
made eligible to office and will have the right
to vote. Now, we do not intend anything of
that kind, and I think the Senator does not
intend that.
Air. SUMNER. He would not without nat-
uralization ; of course this does not supersede
naturalization.
Mr. MORTON. It dispenses with naturaliza-
tion unquestionably. As the proposed amend-
ment now reads, the right of any citizen of the
United States is not to be denied or abridged
on account of race or color. Now, if you strike
out the words "of any citizen of the United
States," the clause will read that the right to
vote and hold office shall not be denied or
abridged on account of race, color, or previous
condition. I understand that the phrase "citi-
zen of the United States" is put in to protect
us against Chinamen. It protects us in this
