1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
way, because as the naturalization laws now
stand 'Chinamen cannot be naturalized ; but 1
believe that the word "white" will be stricken
from the naturalization laws. I believe that it
will be consistent, and it will be harmonious
with the condition of things in this country
after the adoption of this amendment for im-
partial suffrage, that the word 'j white" shall
be stricken from our naturalization laws.
Sir, slavery will soon be abolished in Cuba.
It will not be long before it will be abolished
in Brazil. It will soon have no existence in
the West Indies. There will be emigration of
colored persons from the West ladies, perhaps
from Brazil, to the United States; and the
demand will be made that colored persons
shall have the right to be naturalized because
they have the right to vote and they have the
right to hold office in the United States, and
when that demand is made it should be granted.
There can be no question that the right will
be granted when the demand is made. But
then there may be a deluge of Chinese on the
Pacific coast. I think there ought to be some
words of exclusion for the Chinese. The
negro race in our midst, having lived here for
generations, know no other civilization than our
own. The Chinese belong to another civili-
zation, one that can never unite or assimilate
with ours. They never can become American
citizens in heart and feeling. Thoy never can
fuse with us. They have a civilization that
holds them from us and will do so as long as
we shall live; and I doubt whether their chil-
dren born in this country can or will assimilate
with our civilization.
Now, they are not seeking to become Ameri-
can citizens, but the tune may come when they
will find out their power, and then they will
desire to become American citizens. They are
now treated most brutally, as I am advised, in
California and everywhere upon the Pacific
coast. Their personal and civil rights are not
regarded. They have submitted to this up to
the present time; but as their numbers increase
they may soon come to outnumber the white
people upon that coast. It is not impossible
that in the next ten or twenty years they may
outnumber all other populations upon that
coast; and then they will come to understand
their power, and then the cruelties and bru-
talities that they now suffer and have suffered
from tho time they first went there may drive
thein to seize the political power into their
hands. The fact that they have made no such
attempt up to this time does not prove that
they may not yet do it. When they come to un-
derstand their power, when they have smarted
for years and years under tho cruelties that are
inflicted upon them, they may suddenly rise
up and grasp the power upon that coast. Sir,
this is possible, and it is even probable. They
are human beings; they have feelings and they
have interests, and they will not always sub-
mit to what they are submitting to now; and
they are intelligent, although they do not speak
the English language. They will some time
come to understand their power, and when they
are in the majority they will rise up and seize it.
Therefoi'e it seems to me there ought to be
some provision made against a catastrophe of
that kind. They can never mingle with us ;
they never can be a part of the American peo-
ple ; they will have a civilization that will stand
like a wall of iron over them and us, between
their children and ours. I believe they will
seize and hold power if it shall be placed with-
in their hands or within their reach for their
own protection; and who can blame them?
We cannot do it. They have already suffered
cruelties and indignities and outrages, as we
are informed, thatshock humanity itself. They
will not always do it. As was said yesterday
by somebody, they come from China, an im-
mense hive of human beings, several hundred
millions; they have come rapidly under the
circumstances; but that tide may suddenly
increase a hundredfold, and they may in one
year pour over from fifty to one hundred thou-
sand upon that coast; it is not among the im-
probabilities ; and when they do that, if you
place this" pelitical power within their reach
they will seize it for their protection, not being
part of the American people, not in sympathy
with us, but for their own protection, and
humanity will be on their side.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the effect of the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts clearly is that
aliens shall not be discriminated against on
account of race or color. As it stands, the
clause is that citizens shall not be discrimi-
nated against on account of race or color.
There is a great difference made by striking
out the word " citizens."
While I am up, inasmuch as the Senator
from Massachusetts has spoken quite freely in
reference to naturalization, I would like to be
informed if the Senator has made uphis mind,
as he introduced the bill, that it would be wise
for this nation to open naturalization without
any restriction to the hordes that are coming
to ns from Asia?
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire of my friend
what restriction he would suggest? I should
rather not answer what seeins to be a hypo-
thetical question; certainly a very general
question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My question was
whethcrthcre should ho no restriction. I had
expressod my views very freely yesterday. I
believe that he should not introduce into this
country hordes of pagans and heathen. I think
we are under every obligation to give our own
people equal, unrestricted rights. I do not
feel that obligation toward the people of Asia
if it cannot be extended to them without im-
periling the interests of our own country.
Mr. SUMNER. I content myself for the
present with saying that the word "white"
should be struck out of the statute-book. That
is necessary to bring our ltiws and institutions
in harmony with the Declaration of Independ-
ence. Whether, that being done, there can be
any limitation calculated to meet the precise
difficulty to which the Senator calls attention
I am not prepared at this moment to say, though
I do not despair of finding some way of meet-
ing that difficulty. But then I think we must
begin by being tiue to ourselves and true to the
Declaration of Independence. That speaks for
all men without any distinction of color, and
we must bring all our institutions into harmony
with that text.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I certainly sym-
pathize fully with tho views so frequently ex-
pressed here in favor of the great maxim of
the Declaration of Independence, that "all men
are created equal;" but I do not remember
that the Declaration of Independence said any-
thing as to granting naturalization. On the
contrary, the early history of this Government
shows that the fathers were most careful, and
had a system of naturalization much more
strict than which has been adopted in recent
years by this country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I would
not under any circumstances vote for this
amendment if the proposition offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts were adopted; and
moreover, I should conceive it to be my duty
to the extent of my influence within the hum-
ble sphere in which I move to defeat its
adoption by the States.
In the fii st place, I wish to correct an im-
pression that seems to prevail here as to the
wishes of the Chinese upon the Pacific coasi to
become citizens of tho United States. I know
that application has been made by a Chinaman
to the courts of California for naturalization,
and the question was litigated in those courts
as to whether or not a Chinaman could be
naturalized according to the laws of the United
States ; and the courts decided that he was not
within the meaning of those laws a white man,
and therefore could not be naturalized. That
is one reason why more applications or greater
efforts have not been made on the part of the
Chinese to become citizens of the United States.
Now, sir, it is a fact that these Chinese are
acquiring property upon the Pacific coast.
There are individuals of the Dhinese nation
who seem to own or have the control of large
masses of other Chinese. What the particular
relation is between these prominent individuals
of the Chinese nation and the masses I cannot
describe ; but I know that there is some rela-
tion by which certain individuals seem to have
the absolute control of large masses of the
Chinese, as mneh as the southern slaveholders
at one time had the control of their slaves.
These people will inevitably, if an opportunity
is afforded, seek to become citizens of the
United States; for they are upon the Pacific
coast for the purpose of promoting their inter-
ests, and they have sense enough to see that
the possession of the political control of that
country would redound greatly to their benefit.
The authorities in China might send over hun-
dreds of thousands of Chinameil to the Pacific
coast instructed to become citizens for the
purpose of securing in every possible way the
productions of that vast and rich country for
the benefit of the Chinese empire.
Sir, what does naturalization amount to, so
far as a Chinaman is concerned? He has no
more regard for the obligation imposed by a
Christian oath than he has for the whistling of
the idle wind. Everybody understands that a
Chinaman does not recognize the obligation
of an oath imposed upon him according to the
forms of our country and our courts. Hun-
dreds and thousands of them might come under
such circumstances to be naturalized and take
the oaths prescribed by law, and at the same
time to all intents and purposes be foreigners;
for according to their religious views and opin-
ions those oaths have no obligation upon them.
Mr. CONNESS. I will remind the Senator
at this point that when they offer themselves
ia our courts as witnesses they never take our
oaths at all.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon whether there is
not something in the nature of an oath under
which the conscience of a Chinaman can he
supposed to be bound; something to secure
the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth in trials at law?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose there is a Chi-
nese system of swearing, although I have never
seen it adopted in courts.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state what it is, for I have seen it
more than once. They are sworn by two
modes: hv burning a piece of paper which they
regard as having some sacred character or
other, and by bringing a chicken into court
and cutting its head off. Those are the two
modes of administering oaths.
Mr. HOWARD. That is considered by the
Chinese as a sort of sacrament, I suppose,
binding upon their conscience?
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know their ideas
with regard to it.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely inquired because
it is a rule of the common law that a heathen
or foreigner may be sworn according to the
forms of his own religion.
Mr. CONNESS. The universal opinion is
that it does not induce them to tell the truth.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire, without protract-
ing this debate, to make one commentary upon
the views expressed by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts in reference to the applica-
tion of the doctrines of the Declaration of
Independence to this question. 1, of course,
subscribe to the doctrines of the Declaration
of Independence. But, sir, it is not possible
that that Declaration ever was or ever can be
so understood as to give to foreigners in the
United States the. same rights that native-born
citizens possess. Is it possible that when the
Declaration of Independence declares that all
men are created equal and are entitled to the
same inalienable rights, in effect it means that
an Englishman or a Frenchman has the same
right to participate in the political control of
the United States that a man has who is born
in this country ? Can the Declaration of Inde-
pendence be made to mean any such thing?
Did the men who framed that instrument in-
tend to say that a man in Great Britain, or in
