1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
all civil governments should have of carrying
their laws into execution. Why talk about the
fact that the courts cannot be had recourse to
because these governments have been formed I
Sir, were the courts open before? Was justice
administered without fear and with effect before?
Not at all; and that it cannot be administered
now is not owing to the fact of elections and
civil governments existing, but because those
civil governments have not the power to
enforce their laws over a disorderly, a violent,
and a vicious community. Sir, you must give
it to them or else you must provide some other
mode either more or less objectionable.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I had not in-
tended to trouble the Senate with any discus-
sion of this bill, although'I have submitted a
proposition of a similar character which has
gone to the Military Committee. But as we
have had in our State some little experience
of the operation of a State government without
force, it may not be improper for me to say, a
few words on this question now.
We were told last sessfon that if no arms
were issued to the southern States and no
militia organized there peace would prevail;
the election could be carried on without diffi-
culty and without violence. We were told that
if militia were organized it would tend to irri-
tate those lately engaged in rebellion, and the
result would be riot and violence. This last
proposition has been well answered by the
experience of the last three months. No militia
was organized prior to the election, no arms
were distributed, and yet tbe magnanimity was
appreciated only by violence, by murder, and
by assassination. We mistook the idea that
being without protection, keeping ourselves
defenseless, was liberality and magnanimity.
It is not true. It did not prove to be true. In
the State of Arkansas the result of that was
that up to the time of the election there was a
systematic course of assassination that resulted
in the destruction of over two hundred Union
men in that State. A member of Congress was
killed, State senators were assassinated, mem-
bers of the House of .Representatives, registers,
and leading Union men in various counties of
the State were assassinated without any open
violence, without any notice, withftut any oppor-
tunity of defense. That is the answer to the
proposition that if we do not organize a militia
the rebels will remain peaceable. It is not a
correct proposition, nor is the military force
of the United States sufficient to supply the
place of this miliiia. The military commander
of any State will tell you that he has no power
to put in force any means by which he can pre-
vent a systematic course of assassination, that
it can only be done by the local authorities,
that it can only be done by a militia which can
pervade every county of the State. It can be
done in that way, and it will be done in that
way if it is done at all.
Take the southern States generally, take the
State of Arkansas, that I know more about than
the others, and those assassinations, that vio-
lence, have all been on one side. We have
not sought the use of the military for the pur-
pose of oppressing anybody; we have not
resorted to violence to carry any point in those
States. There has been no pretense from any
where that a single Democrat, if I may call
them that, was killed in the State of Arkansas
prior to the election. There is, I understand,
some complaint now that since the election
some of the assassins have been arrested by
the militia, and some of them perhaps hung,
if such is the fact i am glad of it. if such is
the fact it only shows that we ought to have
had the militia prior to the election, and thereby
pi evented a large number of eases that did
occur, i honestly believe that if the militia
had been organized before the election armed
violence would have almost been unknown in
tlie State. All men fear force; they respect
power; and all men treat defenselessness with
a sort of contempt. Let us protect our States.
Give them militia, and let the State govern-
ments and the loyal men of the State have the
necessary protection. Then it those lately in
rebellion ask us to be liberal, we can afford to
be; we are in a condition where we can be
liberal without danger, and I venture to say
we shall be liberal. There is no disposition
on my part or on the part of the Republicans
of my State to be otherwise than liberal.
There is a disposition to enfranchise every-
body there whenever we can place the State in
a condition where the Union men and the Gov-
ernment itself will be protected; but at the
present time the cry is that we have no regular
government; that our State government is
unconstitutional; that those opposed to it have
a right by force to overthrow it at any time and
not violate law. Until there is a change of
sentiment on that subject it will be necessary
to some extent to resort to military force to
prevent attempts of that kind. When that is
over, when we have the necessary means of
protection, when we can suppress all such
attempts, then, I say, we can and we ought to
be liberal to all, and give every good citizen
the right that any other good citizen may have.
Mr. FR.BLINGHUYSEN. Will the Sen-
ator peimit me to ask him a question ? Does
he know whether or not tbe government of
Texas is of that character that it would in-
crease public security for them to have a
militia ?
Mr. RICE. I am not acquainted with the
affairs of Texas except by information from
people there ; and t.hey say that if they could
have their local militia organizations in the
counties they could prevent violence and blood-
shed. They say that the United States mili-
tary is only at certain leading points in the
State, and cannot, from the want of numbers, be
distributed to every county; that the disaffected
take advantage of the absence of the United
States military in those counties where it is
not, and there commit their violence, while at
the leading points where there is a strong mili-
tary force no violence is committed. Hence
they claim—andit is equallyapplicabletoevery
other State—that in those counties where
there is no United States military force a local
loyal force would be the means of protecting
the loyal people of the county. That is what
is needed, and that is what we shall eventually
have to have, and until we do have it Union
men will be slaughtered from time to time. We
cannot prevent it in any other way. The civil
authorities are wholly inadequate from the fact
that you cannot make an arrest without a posse,
and there being no legal posse, the man is gone
before you can get any Federal.troops. When-
ever there is an organized militia force in
each county, and that militia force armed,
the sheriff can call for a posse and arrest any-
body that it is desirable to arrest. That is all
we ask. We expect in the State of Arkansas,
if we can get arms from the Federal Govern-
ment, to be able to protect ourselves. We will
not then ask of the Government any Freedmen's
Bureau. We will not ask the Government for
a single Federal soldier. We will take care of
the State whenever we are put in possession
of the means to do it. Until that time the
assistance of the Federal Government will be
necessary.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, either the
reconstructed States in the South have govern-
ments or they have not. If it was intended by
the Congress of the United States that the gov-
ernments which have been set up in those States
should be real governments, having all the
attributes which belong to State governments,
there seems no good reason why the bill which
has been reported by the Military Committee,
or something effecting tbe same object, should
not pass. We are not in a condition of soci-
ety in the South where we can appeal to men's
Christianity or civilization to protect us. I
would, for my own part, and I have no doubt,
that most of the Republicans of the fetate ot
South Carolina would for their part, be glad if
we could dispense with all force in carrying on
the operations of our State government; but a
large portion of the population in our State, as
well as in the other States in the South, it is
well known, is not well affected toward the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and particnlarly
is it well known that it is not well affected to-
ward the recently formed State governments
which have been there set up. We are in the
peculiar position of being apparently, the domi-
nant power in the State, while in fact we have
not one single fire-arm where those who are
opposed to us have ten. Those of us who rep-
resent the loyal sentiment in the State of. South
Carolina are an unarmed people, while those
who are opposed to the loyal seutiment of South
Carolina are an armed people, and have used
their arms without stint.
That, Mr. President, is the position in which
we in South Carolina are ; and I have no doubt
that that is practically and really the position
in which most of the peoples of the southern
States are placed. Now, if the government
which has been set up in South Carolina, and in
other southern States which have been recon-
structed, is meant to be a real government, I
ask, in the name of common sense, what reason
there is for taking from it one of the attributes
of a real State government? Why is it that
there is any objection to putting those State gov-
ernments on the same foundation upon which
the State governments of Indiana and Massa-
chusetts rest? The government of the .State
of South Carolina, and the governments of the
other reconstructed States in the South, are in
the hands of men who have been elected, not
by a minority of the people, but by a majority
of the people, even if you include in the oppo-
sition those men who are disfranchised by the
acts of Congress. We have in most of those
States a clear majority, even including the
votes of all disfranchised men, had'those votes
been thrown. Those governments are the
representatives of the majority of the people,
and not of the minority.
It is true, Mr. President, and lartientably
true, that those governments do represent a
minority of the former wealth and power of
those States; and when we reflect that the
power of that formerly dominant faction was
exercised in the way in which it has been ex-
ercised; when we reflect that the power which
those men wielded brought about that revolu-
tion through which we have been passing, I
think no Senator on this floor ought to be
particularly anxious to see that the power is
again placed in their hands. I think that the
objectiou to putting into the power of the State
governments the right to organize a system of
militia when those State governments are in
loyal hands comes with a poor grace from men
who would have placed it in the hands of State
governments that were disloyal. No, Mr.
President, I conceive that the real objection to
the passage of this bill, or something like it, is
that it does go into the hands of a government
which does really represent a majority. We
ask for our State governments the same rights,
the same immunities, the same powers of self-
protection which are given to other State gov-
ernments in practical and harmonious relations
with the Government of the United States.
That is all we ask. Can we ask any less?
Can the American Congress give us any thing
less?
It seems to me, Mr. President, that this is a
simple question of justice and of fairness. If
the American Congress intends to stand up
and support these State governments, or place
in their hands the power to support themselves,
it seems to me that there can be but one an-
swer to the proposition which is before the
Senate. I trust that the bill will pass.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, theSena-
tor from Massachusetts, who introduced this
bill, informs us that the President of the United
States in his annual message has denounced
the law which it is proposed to repeal. That
is very true. He denounced it, not because
of its present operation, not because circum-
stances have changed since it was enacted, but
because at all times, both when it was placed
upon the statute-book and every moment since,
it was and is in his judgment a violation of
the Constitution of the United States. One
of tbe amendments to our fundamental law
