TSSkCQFGB®SgIOTAI/ GLOBE.
February 9,
i Mi-. HOWE. I Jfise to claim the applause of
the Senate, i& the fir$ instance, because I have
sat here through all these days and nights and
hai?e not up to thistime opened my mouth upon
this grave question; ajwl next, I claim the ap-,
plause of the Senate for the declaration I am
about to make^ which is, that I shall vote with
all my might for the am.endment.now moved by
the Senator from Massachusetts; and I have to
assign this reason for that: I believe itto be a
crime for ^country to raise a citizen who is not
fit to vote; - and I believe it to be a great wrong
for a country to make acitizen of an alien who
is not fit to vote. I believe our friends on the
Pacific coast, mpy, by a properly guarded natu-
ralization law, properly enforced, keep from,
and it is their business to exclude from- the
rights and privileges of American citizens all
people, whether they come from Africa, Asia,
or Europe, an,d of whatever color they may be,
who are not fit to exercise the right of suffrage.
I concede, after having made these declara-
tions, what I have often said on this floor, that
we have-living among us men raised by us who
are not fit to vote; but they are here. It is
mainly oar fault that they are not fit to vote.
I think the safer way is to admit them now, at
this latg day, to the exercise of this privilege.
But if the nation goes to sleep upon the idea
that when they have admitted them to the bal-
lot-box they have done all that is necessary to
open a way for them as individuals, or fo.r the
country, to heaven, they will make a mistake.
They have then but assumed a new responsi-
bility and heavier responsibility ; and that is,
to address themselves with all the energies
which belong to this Republic to fit them for
the-discharge of the duty we are about to im-
pose upon them by this amendment. I shall
vote for this amendment because it admits all
citizens to this one plain, natural right, as I
conceive it to be.
Mr.CAMERON. Itisalongwhile, Mr.Presi-
dent, since I first became acquainted with the
tactics of parties in Congress, but I never before
saw a great party, a party controlling power as
well by its numbers as by its principles, come
here without any mode-of procedure oil such
a question as this. I believe we have fifteen
or more propositions now before the Senate
as amendments to the original resolution of the
Ilouse of Representatives. Wo have been now
twenty-seven hours in session, and to my mind
we are not a bit nearer a conclusion than we
were yesterday at twelve o'clock. That brings
to my mind the fact that this great party of
ours is censurable itself. Here is a minority
of only twelve or fourteen gentlemen in the
Senate agreeing,to go with us sometimes, and
sometimes not; but watching all the time for
our errors and putting us in the wrong when-
ever they can, and we are willing to remain
here and sutler ourselves lo he thus driven from
the proper path, not by our enemies, but by—
1 was going to say our egotism, that would not
be a Senatorial term, and I will not use it—but
by the great desire of gentlemen to make this
thing perfect. Almost every Senator has a
proposition of his own, drawn by himself, ex-
pressing his own views, and it seems to be
thought that no one else can correct or im-
prove it.
I am in favor of the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts because it invites
into our country everybody; the negro, the
Irishman, the German, the Frenchman, the
Scotchman, the Englishman, and the China-
man. I will welcome every man, whatever
may be the country from which he comes, who
by his industry can add to our national wealth.
Our friends from the Pacific coast are afraid
of that simple, frugal people, lest they should
destroy their liberties. 1 have no such fears.
These Senators tell us, at the same time, that
Chinamen will never become citizens. If
they will not become citizens what harm will
they do us under this amendment to the Con-
stitution/ W e are told that they come here
and labor and send all the result of their toil
to their own country. They do send a great
deal j but what they send is not a tithe of the
wealth which they gjve to us.by;4heir industry
and their frugal habits.
I trust that this amendment will be adopted,
and I hope that we shall dispose of this subject;
very soon. For my own part, I have been here
twenty-seven, hop?, b.ut I will remain fifty-
seven longer, if it be necessary, until we dis-
pose of th  question. I know it is hard upon
the old gentlemen of the Senate; but not on
us young people. -[Laughter.] We can stand
it; a,nd we will remain here as long as we can
do good to our country.
Bpt, Mr..President, L mus.t express my sur-
prise at this talk about the poor Chinaman. I
never heard of his doing any harm to anybody
in America. He has enriched the Pacific slope
by his toil. He has made that great railroad
which is the miracle fif the world by his patient
industry. Who ever heard before of a people
doing so much work ia so short a space of
time and getting so little reward for it as they
have done? We- might just as well say that
the Irishmen who came into Pennsylvania and
New York and Indiana and Illinois and Iowa,
and gave their labor to make the canals and
the railroads which have enriched those States,
should be prevented from becoming citizens.
The Chinese who are now here will probably
return to their own country; most of them,
however, in;their coffins, for their bodies are
always carried away after their dissolution;
but their children, who remain here, will after
awhile imitate our people, adopt our institu-
tions, and become citizens of our country, and
by their toil add to the wealth of the country.
I did not intend to say a word on this sub-
ject. I have listened, as I said, for more than
twenty-four hours, hoping every moment that
the wisdom of the Senate would induce it to
adopt some plan by which we should dispose
of this question, and, after a while, get to some
of the current business of the country. I sup-
pose by to morrow morning we shall come to
a conclusion. I have only said thus much be-
cause it might have seemed strange that I was
the only roan in this body who had not said a
word during this discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment of the Senator irom
Oregon, [Mr. Cobbett.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 thought the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] offered an
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But the
Senator from Oregon offers to amend the por-
tion of the joint resolution proposed to be
stricken out, and therefore it has a preference
over the other amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for a vote upon my
proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. When we are striving to
ameud the Constitution of the United States
upon the great principle of securing equal rights
to all, it seems to me to be very inconsistent
with that action to insert a clause that the
people of the most populous portion of the
globe are to be excluded from this provision.
When we are declaring that the Hottentots
and cannibals from Africa shall have the right
to vote and to hold office, it seems to me para-
doxical to insert a clause that citizens of the
oldest empire of the earth, citizens from that
country which in many respects excels any other
country on the face of the globe in the arts and
sciences, among whose population are to be
found the most learned and eminent scholars
in the world, shall be excluded. When we are
seeking to carry out the great principles of
human rights, that proposition seems to me so
remarkable that I cannot think it can obtain
any considerable support in this body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] to
the amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to call the attention
of (the Senator from Massachusetts to the query
whether his amendment does ,not change the
rule now with regard to the qualifications of
President of the United States ?
Mr,.SUMNER and others.' Oh, no.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the .Clerk to read it
again. I fear that it does.
Mr. SUMNER. No; it does not. I have
looked at it carefully.
The Chief Clerk read tbe amendment to the
amendment, as-follows;
No discrimination shall be made .in any State
among the citizens of the United States in the exer-
cise of the elective franchise or in the right to hold
office in any State on account of race, color, nativity,
property, education, or creed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Michi-
gan will see that the amendment is carefully
confined to holding office in any State. It does
not apply to any office held under the Consti-
tution of th® United States, because the Con-
stitution of the United States declares Vho shall
hold office and the qualifications'for holding
office under the United States. This amend-
ment would only affect the State constitutions
so far as they prescribe the qualifications for
holding office in the State. It seems to me it
is very clear on that point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
does it mean to include Representatives in
Congress and other officers under th§ United
States?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is left. It merely
provides as to who shall hold office in a State
that no one can be excluded from holding otBce
in any State for any of these causes, but, as a
matter of course, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States prescribes who shall hold offices
under the laws of the United States, and this
does not change in any respect the Constitution
as to who shall hold office under the United
St&tss
Mr. TRUMBULL. While this amendment
does not undertake to change the qualifications
of members of Congress and of President of
the United States, it abolishes the constitutions
of perhaps all, certainly of half, the States of
the Union. Since this amendment was pro-
posed I have sent for the constitutions of the
various States. I have looked at only three or
four, but I find that in the constitution of the
State of Maine it is provided—■
"The Governor shall, at the commencement of his
term, be not less than thirty years of age and a natu-
ral-born citizen of the United States."
Nobody can be Governor of that State, by
the constitution which they have adopted, un-
less he is a natural-born citizen. Now you pro-
pose to amend the Constitution of the United
States so that there shall be no distinction be-
tween citizens in holding office in Maine. Turn-
ing to the constitution of the State of New
Jersey, I find:
"The G-ovcrnor shall be at least thirty years of
age, and shall have been for twenty years, at least, a
citizen ot tho United States."
Turning to tho constitution of the State of
Indiana, 1 find this :
"No person shall be eligible to the office of Gov-
ernor, or Lieutenant Governor, who shall not have
beon live yeais a citizen of the United States."
The constitution of Iowa declares that—
"No person shall be eligible to the office of Gov-
ernor who has not been a citizen of the United States
and a resident of the State two years next preceding
the election."
How it may be in the State of Ohio and in
the other States I have not had time to look ;
but I apprehend it will be found, in looking
into the State constitutions, that qualifications
are required not only for the chief executive
officer, the Governor, but also for members
of their Legislatures, and, probably, of the
judiciary also, which this proposition would
abolish. Now, is it proposed to do that? Is
there any complaint? Should we amend the
Constitution of the United States, except to
remedy some defect or some evil? Is any-
body complaining in Maine of the constitution
of that Plate, which prescribes certain qualifi-
cations for the Governor ? Does anybody com-
plain in New Jersey or in Iowa or iu any of the
