1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1789
ably have a surplus to cover othernecessary expend-
ituies A.s iu all other business arrangements, the
details "1 such ail arrangement as is proposed should
nuinilestlybe left to the di-crction of the proper offi-
cers the Secretary of the Treasury and the Director
oftlie Mint. j)ifi'erentlooalitic«. with their differing
circumstances, will probably demand different ar-
r tn"ements. £01110 localities might not offer private
refineries in all respects suited to the purpose, and
hence it should not be obligatory on the Secretary to
execute the proposed plan. .
The draft of the proposed law is returned with-
out alteration, as it fully meets ail the requirements
ot the case.
Very respectfuUy. n R JjIX'DEIIMAU',
Hon. Hugh MeCcr.t.orn Director.
Secretary oj the Treamry.
Mr. STEWART. I will make a brief expla-
nation ; I shall occupy but a moment; I want
the proposition understood. For two years the
Secreiary ot' the Treasury and the Director of
the Mint have recommended this policy, and I
think 1 can in a moment make it understood
why it is the policy of this country. A very
large portion of the bullion of the United States
is shipped, as is well known, to foreign coun-
tries to be refined and parted. I suppose no
one desires that result, i myself did not know
how that was brought when the subject was up
last year: I had not given the subject accurate
consideration, although I liveinamining coun-
try, and my State produces as much if not more
than any other State in proportion, and is in-
terested as much in the price of bullion as any
State. I had notinvestigated this great measure
as to how it would affect that question and was
not prepared to take my stand. I am now.
Now, there are two reasons why bullion can
be shipped to England and foreign bankers
buy it and pay more for it than our people can
pay at home. In the first place, the difference
in the price of labor upon a thing of this kind
is not so much as has been supposed, because
the labor is not a very great part of the opera-
tion. It is not the cost of materials, which are
almost as cheap here as there. You have to
have a great deal ot' metal for the solution.
'J'li" great difference results, first, from thefact
thtit she mint in Great Britain does not make
the charges the Unites States Mint does, and
her coinage is practically carried on free, so
that the coining \;>.lue of bullion is higher. In
the next place, the principal thing she does
is to allow private enterprise to do the refining.
In the United States when we started the Mint
there were no private refineries and a different
system was adopted to refine in the Mint, and
by law the expense of carrying on this estab-
lishment is charged to the person leaving his
bullion with the Mint for coinage. The Gov-
ernment carries it on in an expensive way,
and consequently the Mint charges are high.
There are other Mint charges besides these, but
the great charge is for the refining. The result
is that in the United States on the Pacific coast
the commercial value of bullion for exporta-
tion was from a half to three quarters of one
per cent, higher than the Mint value of gold,
and the foreign banker lias shipped it to Eng-
land, and it has been shipped after being refined
to China, and shipped back to this country. It
has been taken there because our charges are
so high.
Now, what does this propose to do? It pro-
poses to encourage these private refiners, to let
them go on, and let the Mint when it can get re-
fined bullion take it and exchange the crude
bullion for it, and let the Mint be confined to
the mere business of coining in all those locaii
ties where private enterprise will enter into
refining.
The effort to defeat this measure illustrates
this matter better than anything. I have inves-
tigated and read all the arguments on both sides.
In San Francisco, after they started private
refineries, the merchants who bought the bul-
lion to refine have raised the price of bullion
in my country about one half of one per cenf.,
and perhaps as high as three-fourths of one
per cent. The consequence is that a large por-
tion of the bullion is retained at home anu
manufactured and a larger amount goes to tin-
Mint, because the men get returns so much
more quickly. All there is in this proposition
is to say " We will allow- private enterprise to
refine bullion.'' If it can be done cheaper in
that way, private establishments will do the
work; otherwise the bullion will be refined at the
Mint. I say—and I have investigated the sub-
ject—the effect is to raise the price of bullion,
and thus we encourage an enterprise that ben-
efits the miners, benefits the commerce of the
country, raises the priceofbullion at tome, and
stimulates this industry. Of course the foreign
banker who desires to have bullion cheap in
this country so that he can buy it and send it
out is opposed to this. The miner who is in-
terested in having the value of his bullion en-
hanced and the banker who wishes to trade at
home are for this. The Director of the Mint and
the Secretary of the Treasury favor it. Every
one interested in home industry advocates the
adoption of this measure. It is simply saying
the Government shall not undertake to do busi-
ness in a bungling way where private enterprise
can do it profitably to the community.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. At the next
session we shall unquestionably have here the
subject of coinage and various matters in rela-
tion to the Mint; and it seems to me this is
rather too important a matter to be disposed
of in an appropriation bill. After we have
made appropriations to establish assay offices
and mints all over the country, now it is pro-
posed to do away with them and leave the
business to private' assayers. I merely make
the suggestion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. The amendments of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations are now finished, I
believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are.
-yir. FERRY. I move this amendment, to
come in immediately after line ten hundred
and sixty-three :
For investigation and report on the cattle disease,
already made, $7,500.
The amendment I have offered grows out of
this state of facts: it is familiar to the Senate
that during the last year exceeding alarm was
created in almost all sections of the country
by the appearance and great prevalence of the
cattle disease. The attention oftlie Commis-
sioner of Agriculture was drawn to this circum-
stance, and be availed himself of the services
of Professor Gamgee, of England, who had been
familiar with and engaged in investigating the
disease of pleuro-pueumonia of cattle in that
country. Under the authority of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture investigations were made
of this question in the western States, and to a
very great extent in the State of Texas. Re-
ports also were made by him to the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture and forwarded to the
committee of the House with the papers in the
case, and that committee reported a bill con-
taining the appropriation which is now in the
amendment I have offered. That, however, I
am informed was stricken out in the House:
and I now move to reinsert it in the bill as it
was originally inserted by the committee of the
House.
I have before me quite a number of papers.
I do not want to take up the time of the Senate
in reading them or referring to them. I believe
they have most of them been before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Senator
if this appropriation has been considered by
the proper committee?
Mr. FERRY, I am not aware whether it
has been considered by the Committee on Agri-
culture. So far as I understand the fact is that
it was inserted originally in the bill reported in
the House by the appiopriate committee there ;
it was stricken out. in the House, and when the
papers were brought to the attention of the
Committee on Agriculture—I think it was only
yesterday morning—it was too late for an ex-
amination. The papers were submitted to us
both by the gentleman who was employed by
the Commissioner of Agriculture and by a gen-
tleman connected with the agricultural societies
of m'v own State with a very earnest request
•:!
that I would give notice of this amendment and
propose it at the proper time. I have exam-
ined the papers with care and believe the facts
which I have stated to be true. The only reason
why it has not been examined by the Commit-
tee on Agriculture is the fact that not until
yesterday morning was the fact known that the
item had been stricken out from the bill reported
to the House, and the committee of this body
bad not had time to examine it. But the pa-
pers, as I have said, were sent to the Committee
on Appropriations some time ago, and I filed
the amendment and referred it to the same
committee, I think. I wish to read a part of
one letter which I possess. Says the writer:
"I am astounded at the treatment Professor Gam-
gee has received in the House. He gave up his pri-
vate interests, which required his attention every
moment, at the request of Commissioner Capron, and
obtained the information wanted, which informa-
tion couid not thus have been obtained without him,
and gave us facts worth millions to us. It will be a
national disgrace to deprive him of his pay. All he
says is true, and his family need the money."
I have a communication here from the De-
partment of Agriculture, showing that the
losses in four States alone last year amounted
to $1,-300,000 by this disease; that it spread
through the western and southwestern States.
It recites the acts of the various boards of
trade and of health, and the agricultural soci-
; eties of most of the western States. There
i are also in my hands papers from the agricul-
| taral societies of the eastern States, urging the
! continuance of this investigation and a fuller
; report; but at the present time I have simply
I offered an amendment to pay this gentleman
for the services he rendered at the request of
the Commissioner of Agriculture, which have
i been, upon the testimony of all these various
' bodies interested in this subject in different
! sections of the country, of very great value to
j the country.
The amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. FERRY. I offer another amendment
on the same subject. It is to insert after line
ten hundred and sixty-three:
For continuance and completion of investigations
of the cattle disease, $7,500.
The Commissioner of Agriculture, from whom
I hold a letter in my hands, is desirous of the
continuance of this investigation. The pro-
fessor himself does not care anything about it.
To him it is entirely immaterial. He only
asks for the appropriation made by the amend-
ment already adopted. The various agricul
' tural institutions in different portions of the
country have earnestly urged upon the atteu-
, tion of' Congress the continuance of this in-
1 vestigation. and a fuller report. I hold in my
' hand a resolution, for instance, from the Con-
necticut Board of Agriculture, recently passed :
"Eesoh-ed, That the Connecticut Board of Agri-
i culture learns with alarm and regret of the witie-
i spread prevalence of contagious plero pnenmoDiain
. cattle, and respectfully urges on Congress the neces-
' sity for the appointment of a commission of investi-
, gation, and the early adoption of measures for eradi-
. eating the disease."
' It has appeared to me from the papers which
; have been placed in my hand3 that it is a mat-
: ter of great public interest that this investiga-
! tion should be continued, that the loss threat-
: ened to the country during the ensuing season
! may possibly be entirely prevented, or at any
| rate materially diminished, by the continuance
i of the work in which this gentleman has been
| engaged during the past year,
j Mr. POMEROY. I desire to ask the Sen-
1 ator what bureau has charge of this? Where
are these investigations had?
; Mr. FERRY. They are reported to the
! Bureau of Agriculture. As I have stated, I have
! a letter from the Commissioner of AgvieuHnv.-.
| and an allusion is made in the last monthly
report to this subject.
Mr. POMEROY. The matter is of consider-
able importance, indeed of very great import-
ance to many sections of the country.
Mr. FERRY. It is under the control of the
Bureau of Agriculture, and the amendment
which I propo.-e is under the head of that
Department in the pre.-ent appropriation bill.
