1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
loir#
other States of the qualifications which the peo-
ple of those States have prescribed for holding
office there, in this respect? I have heard of
no such complaint, and I think we should not
amend the Constitution of the United States
so as ruthlessly, without cause, to overturn
the constitution, perhaps, of every State of the
Union.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we are now
about to amend the fundamental law in regard
to suffrage. The amendment, as it is proposed
by the House of Representatives and as it is
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary of
the Senate, confines the limitation upon State
power to the "single subject of race or color,
just as if that was the only subject upon which
there could be an abuse ; just as if that was the
only important consideration. Now, sir, that
we are at work on this subject, can we stand
justified before the people of this nation if we
do not make this limitation apply to other pos-
sible abuses? This amendment, as offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts, proposes to
say that there shall be no discrimination on
account of race, color, nativity, property, edu-
cation, or creed. I think there is no more
principle, there is no more justice in requiring
a man to jiave a certain amount of property
before he shall be allowed to exercise this right
that is indispensable to the protection of his
life, liberty, and happiness, than there is in
requiring him to have a white skin. If the right
of suffrage is a natural rieht, if it belongs to all
men:because they have a right to have a voice
in the Government that controls their action,'
if it is necessary to all men as a means of pro-
tecting other acknowledged natural rights, how
can you make it depend upon property?
Now, sir, this question is before us, and we
cannot refuse t.o adopt the pending amend-
ment without saying substantially to the States,
"While you shall not disfranchise a man on
account of color, you may disfranchise him
because he has not got property." Are we
willing to place ourselves as a Senate, and are
my Republican friends willing to place them-
selves as a party, before the country on that
ground ? I will not do it for one.
The same may be said in regard to educa-
tional tests. I believe all educational tests in
this country are humbugs. They do no good.
When you ctfme to consider the question of
voting as a natural right, what right have you
to take it from a man because he cannot read
and write ? He may be, nevertheless, a very
intelligent man, and he has his rights to defend
and preserve just like other men, and the right
of suffrage is just as important to him as it is
to anybody else. What right have you to say
that he shall not have it because he cannot
read and write?
The same is true in regard to the qualifica-
tion of religious faith. The State of New
Hampshire now excludes any man from her
house of representatives unless he belongs to
the Protestant faith. That exclusion is con-
trary to the whole spirit of Our institutions;
and now that we are at work on this subject,
and the question is brought before us, are we
at liberty to reject this amendment, and thus
say to Sew Hampshire, in substance and by
implication, that she may continue to exclude
men from office on account of their faith ?
In regard to nativity, if we reject this amend-
ment we say to the States, '"You cannot ex-
clude men because of their color, but you are
still left at liberty to exclude them because of
their nativity." Are we prepared to say that? I
am aware that the question of colored suffrage
has brought the subject before Congress; but,
now that it is here, we are bound, as wise legis-
lators, if we are entitled to that character, to
consider and to guard against all the abuses
that may arise upon that subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts is entirely too sweeping. It con-
templates a complete revolution in the State
constitutions. It takes away from the States
the right to require any particular residence of
a citizen of the United States before he is per-
mitted to hold office. Let me give you a single
instance. Take the clause in the constitution
of my own State which declares that—
" No person shall be eligible to the office of Gov-
ernor or Li euten ant Govern or who shall not havebeeif
••five yoars a citizen of the "United'States and a resi-
dent of this State two years next preceding the elec-
tion."
He must have been a- citizen of the United
States at least five years from the date of his
naturalization before he can be elected Gov-
ernor of that State; and I presume an analo-
gous provision is contained in most of the con-
stitutions of the States. If it is not it certainly
ought to be, in my judgment. But this amend-
ment abolishes all discrimination of this kind
as to holding office. It gives the right to hold
office to one citizen as much as to another, if
I understand it rightly.
There is another view to be taken of this.
In my own State, as is the case in Indiana,
I think, and probably many of the new States
in the West, persons who have simply declared
their intention to become naturalized citizens
are allowed, after a certain residence in the
State, to vote and to hold office. What is to be
the condition of that class of persons under
such an amendment as this? No discrimina-
tion can be made against citizens, and that
clause would leave to the Legislatures the right
to discriminate in favor of unnaturalized for-
eigners, and prefer them, if they saw fit to do
so unwise a thing, even to citizens of the United
States, whether native-born or naturalized. Sir,
this amendment is entirely too sweeping; it
runs a plowshare through all the State consti-
tutions and overturns the most important State
regulations that can be found. For my part
I am not prepared to go so far as that. _ I am
willing to cure the evil of which complaint has
been made, and to give to the black man the
right to vote, if situated within the United
States, in all cases in which I would give a
white citizen of the United States tho right to
vote. But I will not go so far as to overthrow
and uproot the very foundations of the State
constitutions.
Mr. YATES. I simply wish to make one
remark. I think the people have just as good
a right to select a man born upon foreign soil,
if he is their choice, as one born upon Amer-
ican soil, if in their judgment he is the most
competent.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. _ Mr.
President, allusion has been made several times
in the debate to the religious test in the con-
stitution of New Hampshire. The restriction
is that none but those of the Protestant re-
ligion shall be members of the house of rep-
resentatives. It is true that there is such a
restriction in our constitution, but as a matter
of fact it is a dead letter as I have said once
before. Catholics are allowed to hold seats in
our Legislature and to hold office in the State,
and I presume the people of the State would
not object to having that restriction in our con-
stitution set aside.
But, sir, I am opposed to the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts for another
reason. I do notoppose itbecause it overrides
that part, of our constitution particularly, nor
am I against it because it sets aside conditions
of suffrage generally. I want no distinction of
caste, or color, or property, but I have always
been in favor of the law of Massachusetts. I
have hitherto been in favor of an educational
test as a restriction upon the right of suffrage;
nor am I prepared to say now, as one gen-
tleman has said, that this is an idle restriction ;
that it is doing violence to the civilization and
the Christianity of the age to retain an educa-
tional test in our constitution or in our law.
I have been reminded, during this debate, of
what Neander says in the introduction to his
Church History. He says that civilization moves
in spirals, now advancing and then receding,
but on the whole making progress. That is
illustrated in nothing better than in this ques-
tion of suffrage. Under Henry IV, of England,
i suffrage was nearly or quite universal; but
i under Henry VI it was restricted, as the law
says, because manslaughters and disturbances
of the peace had been so abundant throughout
the realm on account of universal suffrage.
To day tho tide is turning back again and suf-
frage is being extended. I am glad that it is
so. I hope the time is not distant when every
man in England and in every other country
will be so intelligent that he will be qualified to
take- part in the G-overnment under which he
lives. That is the goal to which all good Gov-
ernments are approaching. Everyman who is
protected by Government I hope at no distant
day will be prepared to take part in the admin-
istration of that Government.
But, sir, it is certainly true that self-gov-
ernment is not possible until 'a people have
advanced somewhat in civilization; and it pre-
supposes the maintenance of that intelligence
by commerce and schools, by the press, and'
restrictions of law upon the influx of barbar-
ism and arbitrary power from abroad. A restric-
tion of that kind is no wrong done to the voter,
for it simply protects the purity and integrity
of the Government under which all his rights
are secured. The consumer has just as much
right to complain of a protective tariff which
guards national industry and capital against the
serf labor of Europe as an ignorant population
have to complain of the restriction ot intelli-
gence which guards the political institutions
under which they live. Why, sir, the voter
discharging the obligation of an elector fulfills
an official duty as truly as the judge exercises
the functions of an office when he administers
justice between man and man; and as some
.knowledge of law is a prerequisite in the judge
to the proper discharge of his duties, so it
would seem that some intelligence, some men-
tal discipline, some little knowledge of the
laws and spirit of a country is necessary to a
safe participation in its government.
Now, sir, I do not think that the character
of these remarks is behind the age and the
spirit of our times. At any rate, the^ are in
keeping with the utterances of our fathers;
they are in keeping with the utterances of the
best writers upon political philosophy in every
age ; and I do not apprehend that we are so
much wiser than the past that we can set at
nought all the experience and wisdom of other
days.
Suffrage is the most sacred of all our rights ;
and why should we throw open this porta! of
political power and let into the strongholds of
oar Government the emissaries of arbitrary
power, th® minions of despotism? Why should
we let barbarism come in like a flood? It you
do that the period may not be far distant when
you will have so degraded the intelligence of
your people that they will be unequal to self-gov-
ernment, and then, like the early republics, you
will roll down the bloody grade of revolution
into the most abject and absolute despotism.
I know that as we stand to-day an educa-
tional test may not be necessary ; but it will do
no harm. If the people have the intelligence
prerequisite to self-government an educational
test will not limit very much the extent of suf-
frage. There will be about as many votes cast
with it as without it. It is simply a safeguard
against a possible evil. I would have theintel-
jigence prerequisite to the exercise of suffrage
very low, so that it may be easily reached by
our foreign population or by any of our native
population who may lack the means of educa-
tion. I desire it, among other things, as an
encouragement to popular intelligence. I say
simply this, that the way to suffrage should be
open to all. To deny it on account of race or
color or want of property is doing violence to
the civilization of our age, and insults Chris-
tianity ; but to protect and guard it against the
incoming floods of ignorance and barbarism ia
simply to preserve the jesvel of liberty. This
is my view of this subject, both as an abstract
and practical question. For this and for no
other reason am I opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire allow me to ask him a question ?
