1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
States a different form of State government,
organized by a different power and having dif-
ferent relations with the Federal Government
from those which all the other governments of
the States had. There is no position more
absurd and more preposterous than that Con-
gress has the power to organize or to prescribe
the mode and principles upon which a State
government shall be organized. There is but
one power on earth under our system of
government that can perform that great politi-
cal function, and that power is the people of
the State. But Congress chose to exercise its
usurped power so as to require the inaugura-
tion and installation and administration of a
different government for those States from that
which the people themselves had made for
themselves respectively.
More than this ; it not only changed the char-
acter and the source from which those govern-
ments originated, and made them different
from the other States in those respects, but it
established entirely different relations between
those States and the Government of the Uni-
ted States from those that subsisted for all the
other Stales. There were two systems of
State constitutions and of the relations of the
States to the Federal Government organized
by the authority of Congress ; and those two
systems of government and of relations be-
tween the General Government and the State
governments were materially and essentially
different in those States from what they were
in the other States of the Union. All this
monstrous and incongruous exercise of power,
with its results of disorganization and anarchy
and violence and bloodshed, was the legitimate
offspring, and not only the offspring but the
actual fruit, of the legislation of Congress.
There never was a more unauthorized and fan-
tastic and mischievous exercise of power by
any tribunal on earth that claimed to have
power. There never were acts that stood so
flagrantly condemned by the principles of the
Constitution and by every principle of legiti-
mate power which the Congress could claim
for itself under the Constitution.
Sir, what did Congress do? It disfranchised
the white men to such an extent as to give
political power to the negro and the adventurer.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
; believe, used the phrase and spoke of ''scal-
awags and carpet baggers." 1 believe tl}<J§e
are legitimate phrases. Congress so exercised
its alleged authority as. to give to the negro—
who had no political power, no capacity for
self-government, no capacity for'self-civiliza-
tion, who has been nothing but a great disturb-
ing element in the political organization—and
the carpet-baggers and scalawags the^ whole
political power of the States over the legitimate
people. Congress, by its authority, introduced
the government of the stranger into ten States.
It gave to the stranger the illegitimate power
of the negro vote, and it deprived the oppo-
nents of the stranger, in his adventure to take
possession of those governments and to admin-
ister them, of the benefit of large numbers of
the legitimate and constitutional people who
had exercised, and who were rightfully enti-
tled to exercise, the political power of those
States. In that way Congress manipulated,
fashioned, formed, controlled these spurious
governments set up in those States by the
stranger.
What has been the consequence? The gov-
ernment of the stranger is always tyrannical
and oppressive and detestable to the native
people in any country. In Ireland, in Poland,
in Italy, everywhere on earth, in every coun-
try and age, the government of the stranger
assumes the form of an oppressive tyranny and
becomes hateful and odious to the native.
What was the consequence here? Confusion,
disorder, revolution, anarchy, violence, and
bloodshed were the consequences. What power
can compel an? people to accept the govern-
ment of a stranger that must necessarily
assume such a character as I have attributed
to these governments without the introduction
and of au&rchy iiud coutusioa ?
If the legitimate State governments created
by the true people of those respective States in
1865 had been in conformity to the views and
policy of the majority in the two Houses of
Congress they would never have been disturbed.
It was because they were in conflict with the
leading views, interests, and purposes of per-
sonal ambition, of party power, and of political
aggrandizement of the majority in Congress
that those governments were overthrown, and
for no other reason.
Now, Mr. President, what did Congress in-
tend, arguing from the provisions of the bill,
to effect by the provisions that are now pro-
sed to be repealed? It was to withdraw
from the legitimate State governments organ-
ized by the people, existing by their wilt, their
legitimate power of being sustained by the
organization of the State militia of their re-
spective States, as has been in substance ad-
mitted by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and as we all knew
at the time these particular provisions were
passed. Events have gone on as the majority
of Congress desired they should. The legiti-
mate popular governments, created by the peo-
ple of their respective States, were lawlessly
overthrown by revolution and violence, and new
ones erected upon their ruins. The stranger,
the minority, the untutored negro with no
capacity for self-government, the scalawag, and
the carpet-bagger—I would not have used these
phrases if the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts himself had not introduced them—
backed by the armies of the Uuited States have
usurped those State governments. They are
in possession of them; they are administering
those governments ivith a view to their own
good, with a view to strengthen and perpetuate
the power of their creators here in the Halls
of Congress; and with this positive, active,
administering power of these perverted govern-
ments, they now come into Congress and ask
for a repeal of this law that they may have the
formal sanction of Congress to authorize a
militia exclusively under the leaders of their
own faction, and place the arms which they
get from the Government of the United States
in their hands, in order to enable them to rivet
the chains with which they have bound the
true people and the majority of these respective
States. For one I will give no countenance
to any such adventure by voting for the repeal
of this provision.
Every State, by its own reserved sovereignty
and power,-by the express recognition of the
provisions and principles of the Constitution,
has the undoubted ana unquestionable right to
organize a militia for itself. The object here
is to receive another sanction from the legisla-
tion of Congress that they are the legitimate
governments of those States, that they may
take possession of their military power, as they
call it—the military power of a faction, of a
minority—with a view to grind and press still
further the majority.
These reasons, Mr. President, will govern
me in the vote that I shall give on this ques-
tion. I know that that vote is of no conse-
quence, and that the views that 1 have ex-
pressed have no significance with anybody
except myself; but they are the considerations
upon which I act and upon which I always in-
tend to act. Since I have been a member of
this body I have always been free and perfectly
disposed to vote for any constitutional and
proper proposition, come from what party or
whatman it might; and I intend still to act
upon that principle as an American Senator.
Every proposition that I believe ought to pass
1 will vote for. None that I believe should
not pass will 1 vote for; aud 1 will not vote for
this bill for the reasons I have given.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to occupy the time of the Senate in
attempting to controvert the opinions which
have been expressed by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. I take it the avowed and
determined policy of the country has sufficiently
expressed the will of the people upon this point.
But I wish to call attention to one remark
which he has made in refercnce to the dispo-
sition which it is proposed to make of iho miii-
tary power which shall be placed in the hands
of the governments of the reconstructed States
by this bill. I do not entertain any doubt that
the Slate which I have the honor in part to
represent, and other States similarly situated,
have a right to organize a system of mi litia; ■
and yet this interdiction stands on the statute-:
book, and it seems to me wise that it should bo
removed. . . . .
I wish, however, to call attention - to the
spirit in which the present State government of
South Carolina, for one State, has acted in
regard to that minority which it is alleged by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky this
military power is intended to opjjress. By the
laws of the State^of South Carolina, as passed
by this pseudo government, or, as he calls-it,
this illegitimate government, every citizen of
the State of South Carolina, no matter what
his antecedents, can hoH office under that gov-
ernment; every citizen in the St^te of South
Carolina can vote in matters of State govern-
ment and can hold office there ; and what class
of people was it that granted that privilege ? It
was the very class of people whom he character-
izes as " carpet-baggers, scalawags, and igno-
rant negroes." The policy of those men who
have set up the government of South Carolina
in that State, and which is now in harmonious
relations with the United States Government,
lms been to open the door to every man in
South Carolina to any office in South Carolina.
I am not afraid in that State, if this bill does
not prevail, that the power will pass into the
hands of the defeated leaders of a f'lost cause'
but I claim that the State of South Carolina
and every other southern State which has put
itself into proper relations to this Government
should stand on the same base as any other
State in the Union.
With these few remarks in allusion to some
things that the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky has said, I will take my seat.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, one single
word as to this question of majorities and mi-
norities. I do not hold that the passage of this
bill is at all important to the State w^iich I
have the honor in part to represent here, be-
cause I hold that we have the right now, being
restored to our full relations to the Federal
Government, to organize a militia of our own,
and that we could have done so at any time in
the past, this law to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. Article two of the amendments of the
Constitution provides that—
" A well-regulated militia being neeessary to the
security of a free State, the right of the people to
keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.
But to remove all doubt, I am willing to vote
for this bill. It simply puts it in the discretion
of the Legislature of each one of these States
whether or not they will organise a military
force in support of the civil authority.
Now, J. will say as to the State of Alabama that
in that State all men vote. It is the theory of
our Government, and I believe of all republican
government, that it shall rest upon the consent
of the governed ; and I will say to the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky that the govern-
ment of Alabama rests upon a broader base
than his government of Kentucky, for it rests
upon the consent of all the governed.^ By our
constitution all those who are disqualified from
holding office by the fourteenth article were
disfranchised; but power was given to the
Legislature to relieve them; and a Republican
Legislature, the first one that convened, in which
the Republican party had a vast majority, had
nine tenths of the members, by a nearly unani-
mous vote removed that disability and allowed
every man to vote.in the State of Alabama,
whatever may have been his antecedents or his
past conduct. _ _ -
As to minorities governing, I will say to the
honorable Senator from _ Kentucky that tiiat
was the cry that his political friends made m
my State. They said that we had forced upon
them a constitution .contrary to the will of th«
people; that it dii not rest upon the consent
