1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. POMEROY. Is the amendment to
cover the expenses of the late investigation
and report?
Mr. FERRY. An amendment has already
been agreed to appropriating $7,500 for the
expenses which were incurred in the investi-
gation of last year in Texas and in the western
States.
Mr. POMEROY. That belongs to the defi-
ciency bill. But what do you propose to do
for the ensuing year?
Mr. PERRY. For the ensuing year the
present amendment appropriates $7,500.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that
this is very well. It occurs to me if this sub-
ject is going to be taken up by the nation with
any degree of interest to arrive at results it
requires a larger expenditure than that and a
great deal of research. 1 have never yet been
able to ascertain any one who could give us
the cause of this disease and of the deaths that
occur. I have seen cattle die by the road side,
and no living man in our section of the coun-
try has ever been able to tell the cause. The
cattle that are driven from Texas and that
region of the country through my State appear
to be healthy, but our own cattle following in
their wake die. It is not the Texas cattle that
die, for they do not seem to be diseased, but
they leave it in their track. I would like to
have a scientific investigation that would be
thorough and complete and absorb the whole
question. I do not know but that this might
be a good beginning. It is a question of very
great magnitude. With the best research we
can give it in the West we have arrived at no
conclusion about it. Our State has gone so
far as to forbid the driving of cattle through
the State except during two or three winter
months. It will not let I hem be driven at all
during the growing season.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to suggest
to the Senator that by reference to one of the
monthly reports some two or three months
ago he will find a very interesting and I think,
as far as I can judge at least, an able article
on this subject in regard to the disease, its ap-
pearances, itssymptoms, and thesafestremedies
as far as they are known, as far as they can be
described in an article of that length, I believe,
written by the gentleman who is provided for
in the amendment already adopted.
Mr. FERRY. I have it before me. It is
the monthly report for November and Decem-
ber, 1868.
Mr. POMEROY. That report I have seen.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When I read that arti-
cle 1 felt it of such importance that I sent it out
for the consideration of a gentleman learned
in such matters in the State of Indiana. I
thought it of great use indeed that it should be
known.
Mr. POMEROY. The real facts are very
well known ; but the remedy, if any exists, is
not even detailed in that report, and it is not
known. What I want the appropriation for
is, if possible, to pursue the investigation until
some remedy can be reached.,
Mr. FERRY. That is what it is for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment, to follow the last clause of the bill
at the close of line thirteen hundred and six-
teen :
And no United States marshal for the District of
Columbia, in the settlement of his accounts with the
Government, shall bo chargeable with such tees as
are uneollectable by reasonable diligence.
I suppose this amendment need not be ex-
plained much. It explains itself. I under-
stand that under the law, as applicable to the
marshal of the District of Columbia, he is
chargeable in his accounts with all fees, and
where he cannot collect the fees he seems to
be a defaulter. Of course no suits are brought
upon bonds in sucli cases, but it is disagree-
able for a marshal to have accounts standing
against him.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope this amendment
will not be agreed to until we see more clearly
the reason for it. It does not belong on this
bill, certainly. I do not see how a marshal
can be chargeable for any fees in this way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not propose to
discuss the wisdom of the law as it now is.
The fact is that the marshal of the District
of Columbia in the settlement of his accounts
lias to report all fees. The marshal tells me
that they are charged against him on his re-
port, whether he can collect them or not. He
is willing to be held to the exercise of care and
diligence, but if he cannot collect the fees,
then he wishes to be credited with them. I
asked the marshal this question: how it was
that the marshals in the different States were
not defaulters in that respect also, and he was
of the impression that they do not report the
fees where they can not collect them, and there-
fore they do not come to the Department at
all. But he esteems it to be his duty to report
all fees under existing laws applicable to his
office, and he stands chargeable now in the
accounts with about a thousand dollars that
he cannot possibly collect. That ought not
to be.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit now to the hon-
orable Senator himself upon his own state-
ment that this is not the way to legislate on
such a matter. The Senator does not seem
himself to have referred to the statute. He is
not able to say that there is any distinction
between the law applicable to the marshal
here and the marshal in -any other district.
No committee h is been directed to investigate
this. It is a very easy thing to refer it to a
committee ; there can be no urgency about it;
and I do not see why we might not with as
much propriety make this provision in refer-
ence to any other district as well as this. We
do not know what the statute is as it stands,
nor what changes such a provision as this wctuld
work in the law. It seems to me to be improv-
ident and hasly legislation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It cannot do any harm
anyhow.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I have had an interview
with the Commissioner of Patents, and with
him have reviewed so much of this bill as re-
lates to the service in the Patent Office, and
feel it my duty after information from him to
move several amendments, to which I desire
to direct the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations; and I invite
his attention first to page 30, line seven hun-
dred and thirty. The number of clerks in the
office at this time of class two is fifty-six. Ihe
House bill as it comes to us, reported without
amendment in this respect by the Committee
on Appropriations on the part of the Senate,
reduces this force to thirty-five clerks. The
Commissioner assures me that it will be im-
possible for him to carry on the service devolved
on him as the head of that office with the reduc-
tion of force made in this bill, and earnestly
insists that the number of clerks of this class
shall not be reduced at all. He says that it
will be utterly impossible for him to keep the
business up which is before that office, and
daily and monthly increasing, with a less force
of that class of clerks than he now has. I pro-
pose, therefore, to move that in line seven
hundred and thirty the word "thirty-five" be
stricken out and "fifty-six" be inserted instead
thereof, that consequently the appropriation
in that clause be changed from $44,800 to
§78.400. The Commissioner has furnished
me with a statement of the entire force in his
Department,, and also with a statement of the
reduction of that force made by this bill; and
the net reduction of employes by the bill below
whattheforce nowis in that Department would
be fifty-five, including the one stricken out to-
day on motion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, making a reduction
of fifty-six employfes in that Department. I
have here a letter 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
pleases, I would prefer to have one amend-
ment at a time.
Mr. WILLEY. In line seven hundred and
thirty I move to restore the force to what it is
now precisely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us act on
that first.
The PRESIDENTproiimpore. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. In line seven hundred
and thirty it is moved to strike out "'thirty-
five" and insert "fifty-six."
Mr. WILLEY. I will read some extracts
from a letter of the Commissioner in regard to
this whole bill, which applies as much and
more perhaps to this amendment, which I have
offered than to any other part of the bill:
"I inclose to you a list of the employes in the
Patent Office and tbe changes made by theappiopria-
tion bill recently passed by the House. The bill
would require the discharge of twenty-one clerks at
$1,400. These are our most valuable and experienced
clerks, and without them the business ot the office
cannot be promptly done."
So much in regard to that amendment. I
will state in this connection that the Commis-
sioner assures me that if he is allowed force
sufficient to keep up the business before the
office and execute it promptly the net pro-
ceeds of the Patent Office fund the present year
beyond what will be necessary to pay the ex-
penses of the office, keeping the lorce in the
office at what it now is without any reduction,
will amount to at least the sum of $150,000.
That will be the excess after paying all the
expenses of the office, provided he is al-
lowed to retain the force he now has, which he
assures me is only sufficient to enable him to
discharge the duties of the office efficiently and
promptly. He will be enabled to cover into the
Treasury at the end of tne year the nice sum
out of the proceeds of the office of $150,000
beyond the expenses of the office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
state the amendment he proposes?
Mr. WILLEY. To strike out in line seven
hundred and thirty the word " thirty-live" and
insert " fifty-six," and as a consequence of it,
to make the appropriation correspond by strik-
ing out "$44,800" and inserting " 378,400."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The next.
Mr. WILLEY. The next amendment is in
line seven hundred and thirty-two to strike
out " forty" and insert " fifty-four," that is the
class of clerks at $1,200 a year; and to make
a corresponding change iu the sum appropri-
ated by striking out "§48,000" and inserting
"$04,800." It'the Senator desires me to state
all my amendments at once 1 can do so. I ask
action on the first amendment I offered.
The PRES1DEN1' pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia, in line seven hundred and thirty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. The next amendment is in
line seven hundred and thirty-two to strike
out "forty" and insert "fifty-four" before
"clerks," and to strike out "$48,000" and
insert "$64,800; "so as to read:
For fifty-four clerks of class one, $64,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I now desire to ask the
attention of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations to lines seven hundred and
thirty-five, seven hundred and thirty-six, seven
hundred and thirty-seven, seven hundred and
thirty-eight, and seven hundred and thirty-nine.
Here is a modification which I think is a change
in the present system. The bill provides in
these lines—
For thirteen copyists of drawings at $1,0C0 eacli,
Sl:vn;0.
For fifty-three femaleeopyistsat $700 each, $37,100.
At present I am informed by the Commis-
sioner that this copying, which consists of copy-
ing drawings and copying records and papers is
done by giving the work out to parties outside
of the office, to females outside the office. They
are paid ten cents per every one huudred words.
That fee is collected off tne party who desires
the copies and the compensation charged is
paid to the party that does the labor.
Now, this bill provides, so far as female
copyists are concerned at least, that they shall
