88-
THE CON"GrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
of' the governed; and they declared in oar
legislative halls that when they reached the
ballot-box they would sweep us from power
and drive us from the State as with a whip
of scorpions. We gave them that opportunity.
We met them at the ballot-box on the 3d of
November last, where every man in the State
could vote, and there, upon a vote which was
not a fair one to us by any means, we beat them by
a majority of over five thousand, demonstrating
to the country and to Congress, I hope, that
our constitution does rest upon the will of the
governed, and that the party which made it is
in the ascendency in our State.
As the Senator from Arkansas lias well said,
it is gentlemen of the political faith and be-
longing to the political organization to which
the honorable Senator from Kentucky belongs
that alone make any military force necessary
in these States. All that the loyal men ask for
in these States is simply peace and order, the
right to vote and the right to speak as they
shall think proper, having due regard to the
abuse of that right. That is all that we have
claimed and all that we ask, and whenever the
political friends of the Senator from Kentucky
shall accord to us these rights, the right of
every American citizen to vote and to speak as
he pleases, whenever we shall have the same
freedom of speech and of the press and of po-
litical action in Alabama and these other States
that they have in Ohio, then the necessity for
any military force will have passed away. The
only men who stand in the way of that condi-
tion of things are the men who belong to the
political faith of the Senator from Kentucky.
It is in their power any day to say that military
force shall be unnecessary, and shall not be
used in our State.
But let me tell the honorable Senator from
Kentucky and gentlemen of like political faith
that wo intend to maintain these governments
in these States. They do rest upon the will
and consent of all the governed. They have
been sanctioned by the law-making power of
the country, and that action of Congress has
been sanctioned by the American people at the
ballot-box. With this sanction we intend to
stand ljy them and to maintain them, peace-
ably, we hope, but forcibly if necessary ; and
if military force shall be necessary to preserve
order and peace and secure the rights of the
citizen and the maintenance of these govern-
ments we will use it, and native and carpet-
bag Union men will stand shoulder to shoulder
in the support of these-governments.
For my own part, I will say to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky that I glory in that
progressive spirit which made mc a carpet-
bagger. I began my carpet-bag career seven
years ago in the State which the gentleman
from Kentucky has the honor in part to rep-
resent here. 1 met a good many of his friends
there, and I have met them since ; and I will
say that I followed the lead of that great car-
pot-bagger whom the people of the .United
States have selected for their Chief Magistrate.
We are in these States by virtue of the Consti-
tution of the United States! we are there as
citizens, and we intend to remain there, and
to protect these governments, as I said before,
peaceably and quietly and in good will and in
a spirit of kindness, we hope, but forcibly if
necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. I have only a word in reply
to what the Senator from Alabama has said.
He has very courageously proclaimed that they
intend against all odds to maintain and sustain
the government of Alabama as it exists. That
is a very brave declaration, and the honorable
Senator makes it with great boldness of man-
ner. But suppose there was no military force
moving from this center, this capital, and from
States and places outside of Alabama, what
would become of the honorable Senator's
negro government and of his representation of
it in this body? I am inclined to think they
would be fugitives from it.
Now, this was one of the important princi-
ples which I laid down, and I maintain it; I
may be forced to submit to the contrary, as I
have been, and'of course I will yield with all
the grace that I can : I never will consent that
the Congress of the United States shall vote to
force negro suffrage upon the State of Ala-
bama or the State of Kentucky or any other
State ; and I assert that Congress has riot a
vestige of power to enforce such a constituency
upon the people of any State.
The honorable Senator refers to me and to
politicians of my stripe. I do not know that
lie knows anything particularly of my politics
or of my political principles. I have announced
to him one principle in the sentence I have just
closed. He seems to be very much enamored
with the idea of negro suffrage, and he seems
to think that I and my political party are re-
sponsible for the non-existence of that political
power in the other States. Who voted down
negro suffrage in Kansas? Who voted down
negro suffrage in Ohio? Who voted down
negro suffrage in Michigan, but the honorable
Senator's political friends? I believe this
position to be incontestibly true: that if the
two parties for the last four years had occupied
contraiy positions, inversed positions, there is
not a solitary Republican in Congress or out
of Congress who would have voted for a single
measure that has been proposed by their party,
if those measures had been proposed by the
Democratic party ; certain I am that I should
have voted against them all. Now, when
Ohio by over forty thousand, Kansas by eight
or ten thousand, Michigan by twenty or thirty
thousand, and all the northern States, where
there are no negroes to vote, voted down the
principle of negro suffrage by such immense
majorities, with what grace can they or their
auxilary, the Senator from Alabama, vote to
force negro suffrage upon the ten southern
States, under the principle of the Constitution
of the United States that the people of a State
have the sole and exclusive power of framing
their own governments.
Sir, I shall not follow these remarks. I did
not intend to make any when I entered the
Chamber to-day; but I tell the honorable Sena-
tor that I am a devotee to the Constitution of
the United States. I have pledged myself'to
the Union, the Constitution, and the enforce-
ment of the laws. I have always held to that
position, and I intend to do jit for the remnan
of my days; and all the energies thatl possess
shall be enlisted and exhausted, if necessary,
in the effort, however vain it may be, to bring
back the Government of our country to the
great and imperishable principles of the Con-
stitution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as
amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the title be
amended so as to read : "A bill respecting the
organization of militia in the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama,
Louisiana, and Arkansas." The amendment
to the bill makes it necessary to change the
title.
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
return op a house resolution.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced that
the House requested the return of the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 832) authorizing the
appointment of examinees to examine and
report upon the expediency of discontinuing
the navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts,
and uniting the same with the yard at Kittery,
Maine, erroneously transmitted to the Senate
as passed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the mes-
sage of the House of Representatives, and,
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to return
to the House of Representatives the joint resolution
CH. it. No. 332) authorizing the appointment of ex-
aminers to examine and report upon the expediency
of discontinuing the navy-yard at Charlestown, Mas-
sachusetts. and uniting the same with the yard at
Kittery, Maine.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, of Ten-
nessee, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. W. AValker on
the flies of the Senate be referred to the Committee
oil Claims.
Mr. YATES. I move that Thomas Wolfe
have leave to withdraw from the files of the
Senate his petition and papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has there
been any adverse report?
Mr. YATES. An adverse report was made
by the committep.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Itisagainst
the rule to withdraw papers where an adverse
report has been made, unless there is new evi-
dence in the case.
Mr. P0MEI10Y. I think there is no rule
against withdrawing papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am told
there is no rule against it. It struck me other-
wise. If there is no such rule, the papers will
be withdrawn, uo objection being made.
Mr. YATES. The papers are intended to
be used in another prosecution in the courts.
13TLL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 692) to amend an act entitled "An act
concerning notaries public for the District of
Columbia which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
miss sub murpiiey.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration ofSenate bill No. 623.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 625V'for the relief of Miss Sue Mur-
phey, of Dafeatur, Alabama, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. /!t proposes to require the Secretary
the Treasury to cause to bo paid to Miss
STJS^Wrphey, of Decatur, Alabama, the sum
of $^000, in full compensation for damages
done her farm in Decatur, Alabama, by rea-
son of the same being occupied for military
purposes, and for the destruction of the build-
ings and other property thereon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire whether
the committee reported favorably on this bill
or not?
Mr. ANTHONY. They did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It opens a very import-
ant question, indeed. At this particular stage
in the session I think it had better go over
until to-morrow, so that we may think of it.
If we enter upon this class of legislation of
course we must do it with the expectation of
doing justice to everybody who is similarly
situated. I have at least one constituent who
had property taken and used for military pur-
poses—a poor female school tcacher, whose
wages were taken—and who the Committee
on Claims has decided is not entitled to any-
thing on account of the peculiar circumstances
of affairs in that country; and I acquiesced
in that report at that time. I think it right,
before we enter on this course, that we should
consider pretty thoroughly what it is to lead
us to, and what are the grounds and limita-
tions upon which and by which we are to pro-
ceed. I move, therefore, so that I can look
at the report and consider this question, that
the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HOWE. Mr.. President, I hope the
Senator will not insist upon that motion. This
bill has been before the Senate since the last
session. It was reported from the committee
at a previous session and passed the Senate,
went to the House of Representatives during
the last- Congress, but did- -net get there in
