io m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
There are half a dozen gentlemen who want
the floor, I have not given up the floor; but
I will give way.
Mr. WILSON. I hope Senators will allow
me a single instant to allude to one point. I
wish to say to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, who has referred to the State of Massa-
chusetts, that the educational test in that State
is practically of no value whate'ver. I do not
believe it keeps five hundred men from the
elections in that State. I was opposed to it
when it was adopted. I .did not believe a word
in it, and I believe less in it now-. ■ Last au-
tumn, I remember, we had several hundred
foreigners where I live who became voters.
Our friends supposed we might have a pretty
sharp contest, and they came to me and said
" Probably fifteen or twenty of these men can-
not read and write; do you not think we had
better put the educational test to them?" _ I
said to my friends what I have always said,
" Never do it." I would be ashamed to look
a man in the face when I put such a test to
him. I believe in manhood, and I believe the
ballot is an educator, and I do not believe in
any such petty tests. I think it is anything
Vut creditable to any part of the country.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the gentleman allow me to- ask him a
question ?
Mr.' WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish to ask the gentleman if he thinks self-
government is possible among the Hottentots
or the Micronesians ?
Mr. WILSON. No ; I do not think it is. I
am sorry that my friend should put such a
question as that. Wo are not talking about
Hottentots; we are talking about the people
who come here from western Europe, who are
of our race, who are naturalized in the United
States. I wish to say one single word to tho
Senator upon this point. We havtf heard
to-day, since we have been here, a great deal
said about barbarians in Africa. The answer
is that we are not dealing with barbarians in
Africa; we are dealing with four million men
whose ancestors have been for two hundred
years in this country, and we are not dealing
wiih Hottentots.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me 
Air. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to say a word.
Mr. DIXON. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire a single question.
1 wish to ask him whether the object of this
whole proposition to umend the Constitution
ik not to let iuthe Hottentots, whom he declares
to be so unfit for self government ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Yes, sir; it is to let in those of African descent
in our country. But if you retain the right to
make an educational test it will apply to black
men as well as to white men.
Mr. DIXON. I understood the Senator to
object to Hottentots, as such, irrespective of
color.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Not at all ; I simply asked the question of the
gentleman from Massachusetts if he supposed
that self-government was possible among the
Micronesians or the Hottentots, because ho
thought such a test was petty and ridiculous.
Mr. WILSON. In our country ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Well, it is not in our country, for there is a
possibility of a number of those uneducated
foreigners, who do not understand the spirit
of our institutions, coming into any State so as
to override the native citizens of that State,
^tou have got ninety thousand Chinamen to-
day in California, and they are coming in in
floods. Now, the only question for us to set-
tle is, whether it is quite safe to take from Cal-
ifornia the right to guard its own institutions
against that flood of barbarism that is coming
in upon us. One word about the educated
Chinamen that gentlemen have talked so much
about. They are nutab well educated as gen-
tlemen have represented. They understand
something in relation to Chinese science ; but
that is entirely behind our day and age. Their
arts do not come up to the arts of this country
and of Christian countries generally. They
are not a well-educated people.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Mr. President, I have
been silent during the long debate which still
proceeds, and I promise to occupy^ but few
moments now. The original proposition pend-
ing came from the Committee on the Judiciary.
I was not present in committee, although I am
regular in my attendance there, when the
action, whatever it may have been upon this
subject was taken, and therefore I had no part
in the phraseology, the form, or the substance
which has occupied the Senate. It follows that
I have no preference byway of pride, of pater-
nity, or relationship for any of the multiplied
versions before us.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] tells us that be sees among all these
forms a preference due to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, [ Mr.
Wilson,] and now immediately pending. But
for this announcement by the Senator from
Ohio I should have deemed this amendment
open to much question and uncertainty. Let
us see in part, at least, what it is. It consists
of two members. I read the first member
separated from the second:
No discrimination shall be made in any State
among the citizens of the United States in the oxer -
otseof the elective franchise on account of race, color,
nativity, property, education, or creed.
I omit for the moment the words relative to
eligibility to office. Had the Senator consid-
ered how far this may revolutionize and undo
the constitutions, the enactments, and the cus-
toms of the States? Take the test of property.
No discrimination in the exercise of the elect-
ive franchise in case of any election shall be
made on the score of property. What becomes
of all the elections held under provisions of
municipal charters, which are participated in
by freeholders or tax-payers alone? What
becomes, in- the cities of the State of New
York, of wholesome restrictive provisions in
municipal charters, restraining the expendi-
ture of money? beyond a certain sum, unless
a majority or two thirds of the tax-payers of the
city, that is to say the stockholders in the cor-
poration, at an election to be held for that
purpose, shall authorize additional expendi-
ture? Is there anything in the history of the
last few years which demands of this body a
proposiliou to molest safeguards such as these?
But again, no discrimination whatever in the
exercise of the elective franchise—I emphasize
the expression "in the exercise of the elective
franchise"—shall be made on account of na-
tivity. Will some Senator tell me what the
effect of this would be upon the reforms now
suggested in reference to naturalization? For
example, the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts does.not intend to deprive the State
of New York of the power to make regulations
concerning registry and other incidents in the
exercise of the elective franchise. Suppose
the State of New York requires that natural-
ized citizens shall produce their certificates of
naturalization when their names go down upon
the registry, and-when their ballots go down into
the box. Would not that, I submit to Sena-
tors, be a discrimination touching the exercise
of the elective franchise on account of nativ-
ity? If it would not, why not? All natural-
ized persons being required to produce proof
of their naturalization—required, if yon please,
to produce proof not demanded of other citi-
zens of the place where they live, of the length
of time for which they have lived in a precinct or
at the number of a street in a city, would not that
be a discrimination touching the exercise of
their rights, and touching the exercise of the
elective franchise, and does it not rest upon
reasons of nativity?
Again, suppose the laws of naturalization
shall provide that nine months or six months,
so as to remove the act from proximity to an
election, shall intervene between the act of
naturalization and the deposit, of a vote by the
recipient of the certificate, would not that be
a discrimination peculiar to that class of citi-
zens, and would it not be made on the ground
and solely on the ground of foreign nativity?
I know it may be said that the provision touch-
ing naturalization might be that the certificate
itself should not take effect, that no vigor
should be imparted to it when it was granted,
nor until a certain period had elapsed. It is
possible—probable, if yon please—that by
some careful arrangement of legislative pro-
visions by way of circumlocution or circum-
vention you could navigate around a con-
stitutional amendment of this sort; but is it
well, is it wise to imbed in the bulwarks of
the Constitution requirements or impediments
which are to become the occasions of skill in
the department of evasion?
I will not multiply words, however, but will
come to the second member of the proposi-
tion: " No discrimination shall be made as to
the right to hold office in any State on account
of"—1 do not read all the exclusions—" prop-
erty, education, or creed." Can a State pro-
vide that a judge shall be a lawyer? I doubt
it if the language I have read be imported into
the Constitution. Can you provide that law
and the classics together must be pursued as a
study for three years or seven years to entitle
ail applicant to admission to practice in the
courts? The honorable Senator may say that
the profession of tho law, or the right to exer-
cise it, is not an office or the holding of an
office. The Supreme Court has gone very near
overruling him upon that point, should he rely
upon it. But let us suppose that attorneys and
counselors would not be embraced, can you
provide that a man to hold an office requiring
medical skill shall be educated and licensed
as a surgeon ? Can you provide that a chap-
lain in a State prison shall be a clergyman of
some Christian denomination? Can you pro-
vide that no man shall be eligible to election
as surrogate or as recorder unless he has the
skill, even the readiness of penmanship and
grammatical composition, or the legal attain-
ments fitting him for the place?
In the jurisprudence and in the arrange-
ments, statutory and municipal, general and
endemic, to which I am most accustomed,
nothing is more common, nothing is more in-
wrought in the system than the idea that the
requisite skill and attainments shall be a part
of the merit of the person to be selected or
appointed to office. But all this is to disap-
pear in the face of this amendment.
Education in any degree whatever, either as
a qualification of suffrage or ofBceholding, a
standard of intelligence above the most grov-
eling and besotted ignorance is to be beyond
and above the power, above the prerogative of
the States. Sir, licentiousness is not liberty
and excess is not wisdom; and if it be true
that an amendment such as this is the best
which has been hammered out on the anvil of
this debate, perhaps that fact may prove, as I
have silently suspected for several days, that a
small number of Senators, such as this body
can furnish in large numbers, might take the
various propositions suggested and from them
all or beyond them all deduce something bet-
ter, some simple thing, preserving all that need
not be disturbed, and rejecting all that is am-
biguous and hurtful. As I was not present in
the Judiciary Committee when assent was given
to one form of amendment I hesitate to sug-
gest any course in derogation of the wish or
the view of the committee. I refrain, there-
fore, from making a motion or making more
than a general suggestion ; but it seems to me
that with so many propositions before us, and
with a proposition so open to criticism as this,
receiving the preferential approval of several
Senators, we might profitably consider whether
it would not be well to resort to some more
exact and speedy mode of perfecting a propo-
sition than has been found in the long-con-
tinued debate conducted so ably by those who
have shared it.
To submit to the States for their determina-
tion whether they will surrender a portion of
