1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1089
their sovereignty or jurisdiction is the matter
proposed. It is believed that if the States will
relinquish their power to determine qualifica-
tions for suffrage it will quiet a disturbing agi-
tation. Our whole function is to submit to
them the question whether they will or will not
do this. I will vote to submit this question,
but I prefer to submit it free from needless and
objectionable concomitants. I would submit
it alone, certainly not together with proposi-
tions to surrender also other and different
things, better now as they are than as they will
be when yielded up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I regret
very much to prolong this discussion. I feel
very much as the Senator from New York does,
that we have already exhausted our time and
our patience ; but there are a few observations
made by him to which I will reply very briefly.
The House of Representatives sent to us an
amendment to the Constitution proposing to
abrogate and change the constitutions of at
least thirty States in the Union. It proposes
to declarc that all distinctions made in those
constitutions on account of race, color, orpre-
vious condition of slavery shall be swept away.
It deals, therefore, with the most difficult prob-
lem of political economy, the right of suffrage.
The Committee on the Judiciary, of which
the honorable Senator from New York is a
member, report to us an amendment changing
the House resolution somewhat by extending
this provision to those holding office, so that
no discrimination sball be made against a per-
son of African descent holding any office of
honor, trust, or profit in the United States.
This changes the constitutions of at least thirty
States of the Union. Among others it changes
the constitution of the State of Ohio. This is
a very sensitive question with our people. The
great body of the party to which I belonghave
long been in favor of dispensing with and re-
pealing all discriminations on account of color,
but we made an appeal to the people two years
ago ou this subject and were defeated; and I
may say that no change can be made in the
Constitution likely to excite so much popular
feeling as this proposed change to extend to
the negro race in the State of Ohio the elective
franchise. I say this freely, because I am in
favor of giving to them every right which is
conferred by the Constitution and laws on white
people.
When we proposed to deal with this ques-
tion of suffrage we were met with this diffi-
culty: here is au amendment to the Constitu-
tion that must be acted on by two thirds of
both Houses of Congress and must get the as-
sent of three fourths of the States of the Union;
and yet we put this proposition 011 so narrow a
ground that we are constantly apologizing for
its weakness. Why should we protect the Afri-
can in the enjoyment of suffrage, when in cer-
tain States of the Union even naturalized citi-
zens cannot vote? Why should we protect the
descendant of the African, when in certain
States of the Union a man who has the mis-
fortune not to be able to read and write can-
not vote? Why should we apply this supreme
remedy of the Constitution only in favor of this
particular class of citizens? Senators must see
at once that to rest this constitutional amend-
ment upon so narrow a ground is not defensi-
ble, and therefore it has been sought to extend
the operation of this constitutional amendment
so as to reach other abuses. We know that in
certain States of the Union there are educa-
tional tests, and there are tests growing out of
birth, tests growing out of color, tests growing
out of religious belief. None of these exist in
the State of Ohio, except as to color. None
of these exist in the more modern constitu-
tions. Most of them are the relic of the same
sentiment that incorporated property qualifica-
tions in all the constitutions of the old States.
They have been swept away by time. Now,
when we are dealing with the question of suf-
frage, why not sweep them all away, and say
that a man of proper age and proper residence,
whatever may be his color or religious opin-
ions, shall vote?
Now, the Senator from New York, when we
are about to vote on this general proposition,
finds difficulties; but if he would apply his mind
he would find that those difficulties disappear
very easily when they are examined. What
are they ? The first and chief one he makes is
growing out of our naturalization laws. We
allknowthatour naturalization laws are defect-
ive, that they ought to be remedied. But when
a citizen of the United States is naturalized
under our laws, then by the act of Congress we
declare that he is a citizen of the United States,
and there ought to be no longer a distinction
between such a citizen and a native-born citi-
zen. No man can dispute that. We may,
however, very easily guard against the difficulty
that he suggests by declaring that no man shall
be deemed a citizen until ho has taken the final
oath, as it is called, under our naturalization
laws. In my judgment a provision of that kind
is necessary. A person ought to apply for his
naturalization papers, he ought to make the
second oath and make the proof required under
the law ; and then, in one year or six months
or two years after this proof is complete, he
ought to be allowed to vote. After he is de-
clared bythelaws of the United States a citizen
of the United States, he ought then certainly
to have equal privileges with the native-born
citizen.
The Senator says there will be difficulty
about theregistry laws. Notatall. The registry
laws apply to all, native and naturalized, with-
out distinction. There can be no difficulty. lie
also speaks about the municipal law. Mr.
President, I do not know that in the State of
New York only property holders are allowed
to vote at municipal elections in that State;
but under the laws of Ohio and under the laws
of all the western States every man, whether a
property holder or not, can vote at every muni-
cipal election. The constitution of Ohio, which
I have before me, declares that at all elections
all citizens above the age of twenty-one years
shall vote; and that is the constitution of a
great majority, probably thirty or more of the
States; and if when we are making these
changes we sweep away some of the foolish
provisions of the old constitutions I think we
do no harm.
So take the case of attoneys. An attorney
is not an office in the proper sense, nor did the
Supreme Court decide it was an office in the
sense in which we use the term ; and so of the
cases he mentioned of particular qualifications
for particular offices. Those are not affected
at all by the provisions of this amendment.
The amendment applies one general, universal
rule, that whenever the laws of the United States
make a man a citizen the laws of the United
States and the State must recognize his right
to hold office and to vote at all elections. Tliat
is all there is of it; and we should not be safe,
in my judgment, in stopping shoit of this gen-
eral provision.
I believe that there is scarcely an example
in the history of this country where these lim-
itations upon the elective franchise and upon
the right to hold office have been enforced. In
the early history of the Government all re-
member the ease of John Randolph, where
the question was made upon him that he was
not old enough to hold the office of Repre-
sentative in Congress. His reply was given,
"ask my constituents/' and he was sworn in
although he was but twenty-four years of age.
So Albert Gallatin was sought to be excluded
from the office of Senator of the United States
for want of residence in this country after he
became a citizen, and I believe he was finally
excluded ; but everybody who participated in
it was ashamed of it. I believe he was finally
excluded by the vote of the Senate, or by his
own action. Now, I doubt whether in any
State of the Union these provisions which make
discriminations between citizens can be or
would be enforced.
Mr. SUMNER. General Shields was ex-
cluded from the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. General Shields was kept
out for a time, and afterward reelected and sent
back. _ There is no case, so far as I can now
recall, in the history of this country, where these
exceptional exclusions and discriminations
against particular citizens have been enforced,
or where public sentiment would allow them
to be enforced. If the people of Ohio, as they
have a right to do, choose to elect a natural-
ized citizen Governor of the State of Ohio within
one year after he lives there, it is for the peo-
ple of Ohio to determine. And, sir, this
attempt to control, to limit, and regulate the
power of the people in the election of their
officers, will always bo regarded with disfavor,
and generally will be entirely ignored.
The Senator from Massachusetts tells us that
the restriction in the constitution of Massachu-
setts that requires that before a man can vote
he shall read and write is not practically ob
served; and so the Senator from New Hamp
shire says as to the provision of the constitu-
tion of that State which requires a man to be
a Protestant before he shall hold office. It is
utterly disregarded in practice, and so it will
be as to all these provisions in the State consti-
tutions ; and so it ought to be, because these dis-
criminations between citizens are not founded
in good reason, they are not founded in popu-
lar judgment, and when they are brought to
the practical test they will be swept away like
chall'. 1 believe now that since we are com-
pelled by our position to adopt an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, since
public opinion requires it, since the necessity
for protecting four millions of freed people in
the southern States compels us to treat with
this question, we ought to deal with it with all
the lights of modern civilization, with all the
lights of our modern constitutions, and plant
our work upon the solid basis of impartial, and
you may say, universal suffrage.
We ought to deny to States the right to dis-
criminate between citizens on account of any-
thing except age, residence, and sex. I11 all
other respects citizens should have an equal
right to vote. We ought to regard it as a
fundamental principle of our Government that
all persons arriving at a certain age are entitled
to equal rights. We can fairly base our action
upon that fundamental principle and submit
that action to the people with a certainty that
it will be adopted. But, sir, if I go before the
people of Ohio with a constitutional amend-
ment such as that which is sent to us by the
House of Representatives, or that which is pro-
posed by the Judiciary Committee, how sball
1 be met? Take the prejudice and feeling of
that people known to me and known to all Sen-
ators, and when I go before them how shall I
be met? I shall be told "Here are white citi-
zens excluded from voting in Massachusetts
because they cannot read and write ; here are
people excluded from office in New Hamp-
shire because they are not Protestants. Why
do you not correct these evils at your own
door, evils brought upon the country by your
own friends, and why should you protect only
and seek to extend only the right of suffrage to
the colored race, who are just emancipated from
bondage, who are ignorant, who are without
the capacity, probably, for self-government
unless they become enlightened?" How can
you answer it? It is impossible to answer,
especially when you meet a prejudiced people
who have got to vote on this question. The
people of Ohio come from all the old States,
many of them from Virginia and Maryland and
other of the old slave States. They are full of
prejudices. Unless you show that you are will-
ing to adopt a universal rule which tramples
down their prejudices, and the prejudices of
the people of other poitions of the old States
where they have not adopted, probably, the
more advanced rules on this subject -unless
you can show that you have dealt with this
question in an enlightened spirit of statesman-
ship, you will be borne down by popular clamor.
It will be said this is a mere party expedient
to accomplish party ends, and not a great
fundamental proposition upon which you should
base your superstructure.
Therefore, Mr. President, notwithstanding
