1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
season to be acted on by the House. At the
last session it was reported again, but reported
too late to secure the consideration of the
Senate.
There is but one fact involved in the case,
and that is that the Government took posses-
sion of this claimant's land, on which were
buildings, took the buildings down, erected a
fort upon the premises, and occupied the fort
as long as they pleased; and this sum is re-
ported here as a proper sum to compensate
her for the loss accruing to her from this direct
act of the Government.
The Senator says that in another case a sim-
ilar principle was involved, and that the action
of the committee was adverse. I am inclined
to think that in that statement the Senator is
correct. I am inclined to think that the com-
mittee were mistaken; at least I believe I
myself was mistaken as to the facts in that case
when the committee acted upon it. I have not
a distinct recollection of the facts of that case,
but I have a general recollection that I did,
after the report was made, go over the papers
again, and did think that the committee were
mistaken at the time they made that report.
But I believe the principle involved in this
ease is one that the committee intend to abide
by. It is one that they have recognized in
several cases already, and I do not know that
they have ignored it. I think they have not
ignored the principle knowingly, deliberately,
in any case. I hope the committee never will
ignore it. It is so plainly just to my mind that
the Government should pay for the damage
which they deliberately do to a friend of the
Government—that seems to me so manifest an
act of justice that 1 hope never to see it ignored
by this Senate or any other; and therefore I
hope the Senator will not insist ^n his motion
to postpone.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Wiscon-
sin cannot excel me in a disposition to do jus-
tice ; certainly not in the abstract; practically
he may excel all of us. But I think the Sen-
ate ought to reflect pretty thoroughly npon
this whole subject before it commits itself to a
precedent which, if followed, as it ought to be
followed if we commit ourselves to it,of course—
because we cannot give fish to one and flesh to
another—will involve the expenditure of mil-
lions upon millions of the public money. I
am not one of those who contend that we are
to refuse to do justice because it involves the
expenditure of a great deal of money ; but I
am one of thobe who contend that we ought to
consider pretty seriously whether justice does
require us—and I do not now take the oppo-
site of the proposition—when we are carrying
on military operations in a hostile territory,
and in the course of those military operations
we happen to march over and destroy the field
of a loyal citizen, to make compensation to
him. We should consider whether that is not
one of that class of cases where every citizen,
as the common phrase is, takes his chance.
Does it not stand upon the same principle as
if it were destroyed in a battle, where the oper-
ations of both parties, or the operations of the
enemy alone, produced the result?
Now, as I say, I do not maintain the propo-
sition that in no instance can a loyal citizen
whose property has been injured by military
operations obtain redress; but what I do say is
that we ought to act,in setting a precedent of this
character, upon the most deliberate considera-
tion with reference to the limitations which
should operate in such cases, with reference, at
this present time, to the possible ability of the
country to make this compensation, which in
the end, perhaps, it may be clear that we ought
to make; because, if the public in the southern
States where military operations were carried
on, and in some of the northern States, under-
stand that we are now ready to receive and act
upon applications ot this character, and to make
compensation to every person who can establish
his loyalty whoso property has been taken or
destroyed in the course of the war, we shall
certainly have business enough upon ourhands,
and we "shall bo required to enlarge somewhat
the taxing operations of the Government to
raise money to meet it.
It is true, I repeat, that this is no argument
against the intrinsic justice of the claim ; but
it is an argument, as it seems to me, against
with any haste (because this may be considered
to be haste'now ; it is opened for the first time
this session) proceeding to take a step which
once began we must follow out, ana from which
we cannot justly or honestly recede. I make no
observation in my motion to postpone against
the justice of this claim, or at this present time
against the principle upon which it rests.; but
I, for one, before I vote for it or against it,
should wish some little time to reflect upon it.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. ANTHONY. I had the honor to be
upon the Committee on Claims when this bill
was first reported and passed the Senate. I
am not so familiar with the case now as I was
then, but I believe I drew up the report, and
I recollect very distinctly that the claim was
perfectly made out. It was not a case where
our soldiers had ravaged fields, but it was a
case where by the command of the command-
ing officer of the district property was taken.
It was proved to have been taken by competent
authority for the purposes of the Government,
and necessary for the purposes of the Govern-
ment. The case was made out entirely. It
was certified to by General Sherman and the
officers under his command who executed his
orders. It was a very hard case, indeed, and
a case that appealed, and did appeal success-
fully at that time, to the justice of the Senate
without there being any necessity for an appeal
to its sympathy. The bill was passed by the
Senate and went to the House of Representa-
tives, and although there is in the House a rule
which prohibits the consideration of any cases
of this kind that rule was suspended. That
fact itself, 1 think, is sufficient evidence of the
opinion of the House upon the question; but
there was not then time to pass the bill, and it
failed for lack of time. It would have passed
the Senate at the last session, I presume, if
there had been time for its consideration.
Now, sir, it having been so thoroughly con-
sidered ; it having gone through a committee
which certainly is not inferior to any commit-
tee in this Senate in the*igid exactness with
which it examines the claims submitted to it;
it having been passed once, I hope we shall
not revive the discussion, but let it go through
once more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read.
Mr. HOWE. There is no report, I think,
accompanying this bill. There was a report
made by the committee, and I think made by
the Senator from Rhode Island, in support ot
the claim when it was first reported to the
Senate, and I am not sure but that that report
accompanies the present bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that the report made during the
Thirty-Ninth Congress is with the papers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Axiiioxron the 9th of July,
1866:
Tho Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition and papers relative to the claim of Miss
Sue Murphey, of Decatur, Alabama, have had the
same under consideration, and make tho following
report: .
This is a claim for compensation for a dwelling-
house, out-houpes, stable, carriage-house. &e.., the
property of the petitioner, situated in Decatur, Ala-
bama, and taken for military purposes under the
following order:
[Special Order Ko. 72.]
Headquarters Left "Wing
{Sixteenth Army Corps,
Athens, Alabama, March 19,1864.
The necessities of the Army require the use of every
building in Decatur for Government purposes, it is
therefore ordered: ,
1 That all citizens living in Decatur, or within one
mile of the limits of the town, on t]1? south side of
the Tennessee river, shall move outside ot tho lines
within six days from the receipt of this order.
2. They will be allowed to go north or south, a*
they may deem best, and take with them all their
personal and movable property.
3. As fast as the buildings are vacated the com-
mandant of the poet will take possession,of them,
and see that they ape preserved, and ^odapiage.doae
them.
4. No exceptions to this order will be made except
in the case ot the families of persons in the Army or
employes of tho Government.
5. Brigadier General J, D. Stephenson will cause
this order to be immediately complied-with.
By order of Brigadier Generai^W.J^dj^^
Assistant Adjutant General.
General Sherman had previously issuedvan order
to fortify Decatur for a military post. In 'the erne*-
tion and construction of fortifications under these
orders it became necessary to remove the building?
and fences belonging to tho estato of Miss Mutphey
in the construction of Tort No. 1. and all thfc im-
provements on the property were either destroyed or
applied to military purposes.
Major Whitehouse, adjutant general at Decatur
when the property was taken, appeared betoro the
committee and stated that he knew that a special
order for the removal of the buildings was given, and
that it was necessary to make this destruction of
property of the petitioner in order to erect said forti-
fication. _ f
General Granger, in a communication to ^General
John F. Miller, November 26, 1864, certifies: "Miss
Murphey's house in Decatur was destroyed, not a
vestige of it remaining, by order of the oflioer first
in command at that place^iinder instructions from
General Sherman to make Decatur a military post."
Iu compliance with orders received from Brigadier
General &. S. Granger, commanding the district of
northern Alabama, Colonel Joseph Conrad, com-
manding tho post of Dccatur, ordered a board of in-
vestigation to convene for the purposo of examining
and reporting in the case of the property of Miss Sue
Murphcy. This board convened on the 13th of Feb-
ruary, 1865, and after an examination as to tho loy-
alty of the claimant and the value of the property
reported: "We find the property destroyed, and
value the loss at $7,000."
This report was approved by the commander of the
post and indorsed by General George II. Thomas,
commanding the department of the Cumberland,
recommending that "Miss Murphcy be paid by the
engineer's department the amount of damage done
her in the destruction of her house/' &c.
The loyalty of Miss Murphey is lully sustained by
tho statements of officers oi the Army .above referred
to and others, who were at Decatur during the war.
Miss Murphey'8 father was a captain in the United
States service, and died some years before tho break-
ing out of the late rebellion, leaving Miss Murphey
and her sister the farm upon which these buildings
stood, consisting of aboutone hundred acres of land,
partly lying within the corporate limits of Decatur.
The committee are of opinion the property in ques-
tion was property taken upon military order, war-
ranted by the necessities of the situation and lor pub-
he use, under the direction of competent military
authority, and that the owner is a loyal citizen of the
United States; that the officers of the Army, in as-
sessing the valuo of the property, acted upon well
authenticated evidence, and therefore report the ac-
companying bill, and recommend its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEEOY. I never like to oppose or
advocate a bill that I do not know anything
about; but there is a principle in this bill that
I do knowsomethingabout. In the first plaee,
I should like to inquire why this money cannot
be paid under the existing law ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Such was the decision of
the engineer department, or the proper account-
ing officers. The Senate will see by the report
that General Thomas directed that the amount
should be paid by the engineer department.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the War Depart-
ment, or the proper authorities, declined to do
it, because they had no legal authority to do it.
I think there were papers to prove that before
the committee.
Mr. POMEROY. There are precedents,
and there is authority.
Mr. ANTHONY'. I think such a bill ought
to he paid by the department.
Mr. POMEROY. My objection is not to
this particular case, but that in going into this
work now by piecemeal, one at a time, we shall
be likely to do great injustice. When I do
anything of this kind I want to do it in a way
that will operate equally on all classes of Suf-
ferers of this character. I do not believe* in
passing a bill for one alone of a class. Why
not take all the owners of property in the city
of Decatur, and pass a bill covering all oi
them that are loyal ? Why not have some gen-
eral bill ? Why select out this particular case f
I understand there are a thousand cases itt
Decatur, not all-like this, but cases of person*
who were removed, who were pat-' to incon-
