1040
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
the Briticism of my friend fr©m New Y ork, which
I consider very -ingenious, I think he and' all
Our bth^r friends here can Overcome all the dif-
ficulties that he points out and put crar action
upeta the basis of universal suffrage.
, Mr. HOWE. Mr/ President, I am very sorry
for this occasion. I am riot quite prepared to
say" frith Mrs. Partington that I never open my
month without putting my foot in it, [laughter,]
but I am- prepared to say that I never opened'
my mouth in a' debate of this kind without
experiencing the difficulty of closing it finally.
If the labor imposed upon this Congress was
that of framing an amendment to the Consti-
tution which should be beyond the power of
criticism to be employed by a mind so acute
and metaphysical as that of the Senator from
New York, I should think with bim we had
better, probably, recommit this resolution to a
committee, and a committee of the whole, and
give up the idea of passing it at this session.
How easy it is to raise objections to any statute
or to any paper or to any clause of either no-
body knows better than the Senator from New
York, and nobody knows so well as he except
those who have had the opportunity of hearing
him try it, as we have. But how easy it is to
remove many of these objections I think the
honorable Senator from Ohio has jnst shown.
He has'relived me from the liecessity of say-
ing anything, and he has relieved me from the
desire of saying much ; but I wish to add one
or two words to what he has offered.
Mr. President, the very, purpose and aim of
this effort to amend the Constitution is to im-
pose additional disabilities upon the power and
authority of States. The great purpose is to
strip from them the power to exclude from
the right of suffrage men who happen to be
colored differently from what we are ; and now
all about me I find Senators who say they are
willing to do that. On the o'lier side of the
Chamber we have heard it asserted over and
over again that this is imposing the greatest
of all possible hardships on the power of the
States and exposing them to the greatest of
all possible dangers. That we hear from the
other side of the Chamber, and on this side the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
New York and the Senators surrounding us
say, "Yes, we are willing to do that; we are
willing to say that in spite of the wish of any
State every man of any color may vote."
What is the difficulty? Senators bring in
here the constitutions of different States, and
with an air of consternation they flourish them
in our faces and they say, " This State, for cer-
tain reasons, has excluded certain men from
holding certain offices, and this State has ex-
cluded certain other men from holding office for
certain other reasons," and they say this broad,
sweeping amendmentthat you propose rims the
plowshare under all these provisions and up-
turns them all. I will not stop to debate the
question howfarthis provision does upturn these
restrictions and interfere with the powers of
the States; but I wish to ask my friends to
give their attention to this one consideration,
that when a State says a certain man or a cer-
tain class of men shall not be eligible to office
it says the people of that State shall not elect
tliera to those offices. When a State says that
a man shall not be elected Governor of that
State until he has been a citizen of the United
States for a certain number of years, the con-
stitution of that State says that the people shall
not elect a certain man to be Governor. It is
a restriction not more upon the right of the
individual then it is upon the right of the peo-
ple, and so far as we lift off this restriction we
do enfranchise the whole body of the people of
that State; and I am, in this point, of view
astonished when I hear Senators stand up here,
one after another, and say, "Yes, in spite of
all the prejudice which has been piled upon us
by our false education for half a century, in
spite of all these, we can stand up here and
say we will let the negro vote; but we are
shocked at the idea of letting the white people
have the privilege of electing a few other indi-
viduals if they choose to these offices." Sena-
tor's'are alarmed at that as a dangerous inno-
vation, and yet are entirely content to'let this
whole body of people come in and have the
same right of suffrage that the'other body of
the people have indulged heretofore.
Now, Mr. President, as I said in the outset,
the direct purpose of tbis effort to amend the
Constitution is to put the ballot in the hands of'
the colored race here. The effect of the-clauses
which have been criticised by the Senator from
New York and others is only to still further
enfranchise the white voters of the States ; and
in that point of view it does not alarm me very
much, for no matter how soon or how com-
pletely you strike down these restrictions, I am
entirely satisfied that the people of my State
never will elect a man for Governor unless
they want him to be Governor, and when they
want him to be Governor I am entirely willing
that they should have him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I wish he wo.uld allow me to make amo-
tion to rescind the order for an evening session
and let us go right on. I think we can fiuish
this matter in a little while.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the demand
that we shall remain here has become rather
unreasonable. It has been the practice of the
Senate when a majority desired to arrive at a
vote and the minority continued the debate so
as to be in the way at all, then to sit it out.
But to compel those who are opposed to a
measure to stay here day and night, until the
majority shall agree among themselves and
become prepared for a vote, is rather an un-
reasonable demand. I am willing to endure a
good deal, but there is a limit to the right and
propriety of this kind of business. It is not
the minority that has been delaying the busi-
ness of the Senate. We have occupied com-
paratively but little ofits time. Itis the dissen-
sion, the want]of agreement, among the major-
ity ; the want of preparation to come to the
vote. I feel myself that we ought to adjourn
until to-morrow, rest, and come here with
fresh minds. This thing of passing upon
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States when we are completely physically and
intellectually exhausted I do not think is a
reasonable demand Upon us. We have been
here nearly thirty hours now without sleep and
almost without food. It is upon the principle
that thpy used to compel a jury to decide a
vcrdict or starve. If the minority were pre-
venting action, then I should say at once the
proceeding was more reasonable.
Mr. President,, I had not expected to vote
for any of the amendments that should be pro-
posed. 1 am not in favor of any restrictions
upon the States in regard to suffrage or in
regard to the qualifications of officers of tlie
States; but upon carefully regardingthe amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] I think it is better than the original
proposition. Therefore I am willing to give it
my support; not that I approve of it, not that
I expect to vote for it if it be adopted, but sim-
ply, as a selection between the two propositions,
1 select that which is the least objectionable.
I select that, because if we are to go into this
question at all I am willing to meet the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and say that men
shall not be excluded from voting or holding
office because of any questions of property, of
nativity, or of religious belief or creed. As I
think his amendment is better than the ori-
ginal, I will depart in this vote from the purpose
1 had resolved upon—-to vote for none of the
amendments.
Mr. STEWART. I move that, the order for
a recess be rescinded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
can be entertained by general consent. The
Chair will put the question on rescinding the
order for a recess from four to seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsok] to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. CONNESS. On that amendment I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and'nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—M*ssrs. Abbott.Cameron,'Cattell, Conner,
Cragin, Fairy, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Hendricks,
Howe, McDonald, Morton, Osborn, Pool, Bice, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sawyen Sherman, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Van Winkle, Wade. Warner, Weleh, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Cote, Conkling,Corbett, Dixon, Doofittlo, Drake, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, McCreery, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Trumbnll, Vickers, and Whyte—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Fowler, Hender-
son, Howard, Kellogg, Norton, and Pomeroy—8.
So the amendment to the amendment Was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I inquire of the Chair
whether that vote will precede a vote upon the
amendment offered by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Dixox,] or whether it is necessary
that the vote be taken upon his amendment
now. I understand that after this amendment
is agreed to as amended then the question will
be upon the resolution as amended. Will fur-
ther amendments be in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
in order to offer further amendments. The
question now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to add to the
end of the resolution, whenever in order, the
following 
Mr. SHERMAN. I imagine it is not now
in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now, I offer my amend-
ment, to add:
That the foregoing amendment shall be submitted
for ratification to the Legislatures of the several
States tiio most numerous branches of which shall
be chosen next after the passage of this resolution.
1 will simply remark that I spoke on this
amendment on Friday evening last. My rea-
sons for offering it were then set forth. I do
not choose now to repeat them. All I ask of
the Senate is the yeas and nays on the adop-
tion of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 43 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doohttle, Fowler, Hendricks, MeCreory, Patterson
of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Van Winkle, Viokers, and
Whyte—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattoll, Chand-
ler, Cote,Conkling. Conness, Corbott, Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessemlon,Frelinghuysen, Harlan.
Harris, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull,Wade, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—43.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Grimes, Henderson,
Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Norton, Osborn, Pome-
roy, and Sprague—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DIXON. I now offer my amendment.
It is in the fourth line of the resolution to strike
out the words "the Legislatures of" and insert
"conventions," and in the sixth line to strike
out the word "Legislatures" and insert "con-
ventions so as to read:
That the following article be proposed to conven-
tions in the several States as an amendment to tha
Constitution of the United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of s.tid conventions, shall be held
a part of said Constitution.
I ask that the question may be taken by yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—-yeas 11. nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Hendricks, McCreery, Patterson of Ten-
nessee. Sau'sbury, Tickers, and Whyte—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conklinff, Conness, Corbeft, Cragin, Drake.
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Harlan,
Harris, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill
ofMaine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, PattersonofNew
Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey. Rice, Robertson, Ross,
