1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
has acted and which he has proclaimed here
over and over again. All this doctrine of pay-
ing these claims is in perfect accordance with
that theory ; but it is not ours ; and 1 say that
this is one of those things which are hereafter,
if carried out by overburdening our people
with debt, adding to the public indebtedness
immensely, if not doubling it, to make the
memory of this war unpopular with them. The
Senator cannot accuse me of imputing any-
thing to him iti that remark. I certainly do
not mean it. I disclaim anything of that kind.
Now, Mr. President, my oppositon to this
bill is founded principally on the principle
which I stated, that we cannot as a people
afford, after all the destruction of property that
has been necessary in the southern States, to
make a distinction between loyal and disloyal
persons. That people living there who were
in their hearts loyal to this Government suf-
fered was the misfortune of their situation.
It is one of the calamities that are inevitable :
the good must suffer with the evil, and the
minority must take the consequences of the
action of the majority. But if you undertake
to say that this was not a war in the ordinary
sense of the term, and that in addition to the
burdens the people of this country already bear
you are to heap on them the additional burden
of paying for all property that was destroyed
which belonged to persons who wereuot actu-
ally engaged in the conflict, there is no end to
it, and there is no foretelling what the conse-
quence may be upon the peace and prosperity
of the people of this country hereafter.
A word now as to this estimation of damage.
How much damage was it? What was that
property worth at the time, exposed as it was
to attack, exposed to be hurnt every day by an
attack that was to be made upon that place by
an enemy, to be bombarded, to be destroyed?
And, yet, according to the statement the offi-
cers who estimated the damage just sat down
and actually estimated how much that property
was worth in a time of profound peace, with
these buildings exposed to no danger, and call
upon us to pay for it as if it were worth as
much there as if it had been situated in a
quiet place in the free States anywhere. Why,
sir, it is quite manifest to me that if you even
establish the principle that we are to pay for
it, the ground on which the amount of damage
was fixed was entirely erroneous. However,
sir, it is a matter that I have been drawn into
simply from my desire that the Senate should
pause before it establishes a precedent which I
believe to be fraught with such extreme danger
and calculated to lead to such extreme conse-
quences.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, this is a ques-
tion which is important, because it must involve
millions to the Government; and if thcSenate'
is ti-> meet it it certainly is one of the most
important measures which we can consider.
But the question arises in my mind whether it
is not a matter more appropriate for the courts.
Many points are to be determined—such as the
loyalty of the person whose property was_ de-
stroyed, the value of the property in question,
and the circumstances under which it was
destroyed. Legal questions, also, are to be
met. According to the common law private
property cannot be taken by the Government
without compensation to the owner. A State
cannot take the land of a private owner in the
construction of railroads withoutfirst condemn-
ing the property and paying to the owner its
appraised value.
Now, sir, however the question may_ be
decided great injustice may be done. Certainly
a man should not suffer on account of his loy-
alty. If the owners of private property are
entitled to compensation from the Govern-
ment, most surely those who are loyal to
the Government tinder peculiar circumstances
should receive that compensation. But, as the
decision of the principle at stake must involve
millions upon millions, 1 think if the Senate
could avoid its decision at the present tune by
setting the precedent that the courts should
decide all such cases, it would certainly be
more advisable,:and justice would be more
certainly done. \ f
Mr. ANTHONY. I vjh\i to-say a single
word in reply to themggfestion of the Senator
from Maine about thejRoyalty of this family.
There is no donbt on that point. It was not
the passive loyalty that he fancies it to have
been; it was an active loyalty. Situated in
that town, their loyalty, their attentions, their
hospitalities, their kindness to the Union sol-
diers, subjected them to social ostracism. This
house was always open. Our officers and men
were always'welcome there, and always nursed
there in sickness, if it was necessary, and they
received also from them valuable information.
There is no doubt whatever of the active loy-
alty of this family. The children of an Army
officer, they loved the flag under which he died.
It is too late, I suppose, to go on with this
subject this evening; but when a committee,
and that the committee which of all others is
and must be most rigid in the examination
of the claims submitted to it, reports upon a
question of this kind, when it receives the
almost unanimous consent of the Senate, goes
to the other House, and is lost there for want
of time, comes back here, and everybody has
forgotten all about it, it seems to me rather
hard that the Senate will not take the authority
of their own committee, and also the authority
of their own judgment, which they formed when
they knew all about it, when the facts which
they have now forgotten were fresh in their
recollection. If this bill goes over now until
my friend from Vermont shall become ac-
quainted with it, then everybody else who
knows anything about it will have forgotten it,
and he, too, I suppose.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senatedo
now adjourn. It is evident that this question
cannot be disposed of to-day.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 15, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
TRANSPORTATION 01 PETROLEUM.
Mr. GOLLADAY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed toinquireinto the expediency of prohibit-
ing steam vessels, engaged in whole or in part in
transporting passengers, from carrying petroleum or
other inflammable fluids, with authority to reportby
bill or otherwise.
INSPECTION Of INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. IIIGBY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1550) to provide for
an annual inspection into Indian affairs, and
for other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DES MOINES AND ROCK ISLAND KAPIDS.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution : ,
Resolved, That the Secretary of Afar be directed to
communicate to the House of Representatives any
reportfrom MajorGeneral JamesH. Wilson concern -
i riff the improvement of the Mississippi at JJes Moines
rapids which may be in the possession of the Depart-
ment and not heretofore communicated to Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Modify the
resolution, so as to say "Des Moines and Rock
Island rapids."
Mr. ELIOT. I accept that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
MRS. EVELINE SHERIDAN.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jiwoivcd, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed'to
inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to
Mrs. Eveline Sheridan.
VALLEJO AND. HUMBOLDT BA5T RAILROAD.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back Senate hill No. 349, granting lands to the
State of California to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from' the town of
Vall'jo to Humboldt Bay, in the State'of Cali-
fornia ; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted. /
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to:
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed: and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to transmit to the House of Representatives
the reports made on the Union Pacific railroad by
the Government directors andspccial commissioners
to which reference is made in his last annual report.
CLOTHING OF DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. SHANKS offered the following resolu-,
tiou :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be hereby instructed to report to the House, for its
action, a bill directing the Secretary of "War to fur-
nish, through the proper officers of his Department,
upon requisition made on him by the authorities
legally controlling anyhomeforneedy,indigent, and
disabled soldiers, which has been or maybe estab-
lished or adopted and controlled by the Legislature
of any State in which such home maybe situated,
for the use of theinmatescharitably received therein
who have been honorably discharged from the mil-
itary service of the United States, one suit of Army
clothing each every six months, consisting of ono
blouse, short coat, or jacket, ono pair of pants, two
shirts, two pair drawers, two pair socks, one pair
shoes or boots, one hat or cap, and each twelve
months oneovercoat; or so many of the above-named
articles as may be needed tor the eomtort of the
inmates of such home.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest a modification
of that resolution. I object to its mandatory
character. Let it read ''inquire into the ex-
pediency of reporting."
Mr. SHANKS. I will modify it accordingly.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
INDIAN POLICY.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 38G) changing the policy in regard to In-
dian tribes ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ARREARS OF PENSIONS.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, aud agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
he instructed to inquire whether any further legisla-
tion is necessary to facilitate the paymentof arrears
of pensions under the sixth section of the act of July.
27,1868, and report by bill or otherwise.
CLERK FOR A COMMITTEE.
Mr. POLAND. I ask consent to offer the
following resolution for present action :
Resolved, That the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States be authorized to employ
a clerk, whosliall bo allowed the same compensation
as the clerk to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
COMMERCE ON "WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into and report to this Housp
what further legislation is neeessaiy for the security
of life and property, and the promotion of commeroe
on the livers flowing into the Gulf of Mexieo.
ANN BAG LEY.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the petition
of Mrs. Ann Bagley, for a pension, was with-
drawn from the files of the House and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
NILES'S lOSGISTER.
Mr. HUNG-BN, by unanimous consent, sab-
