1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1793
to put together wholly dissimilar, and, indeed,
repugnant things. There is no rule of the Sen-
ate, I remind Senators, providing that an
amendment totally repugnant, totally absurd
in its repugnance, shall not be in order, and
yet J take it it would be excluded. Why?
Because by general parliamentary law it is out
of order, it is inharmonious, an infraction of
the whole theory of parliamentary proceeding.
That I take for granted is the idea of the hon-
orable Senator who takes the appeal, and not
that there is a particular rule of the Senate
which says that you shall not do this thing. If
everything were in order which is not forbidden
by the few rnles we have it would take a great
deal of arithmetic to count up all the unheard
of things which might with impunity be done
here. The rules of the Senate, I submit, are
not established to specify everything that may
be done by parliamentary law and to pro-
hibit everything which is indecorous, imperti-
nent, or inadmissible by parliamentary law. I
do not wish to debate it, but simply to present
to the Senate and to the Chair the point that
this is an extreme illustration of introducing a
matter totally foreign, totally hostile, and re-
pugnant to the nature of the thing under con-
sideration under the name of an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have an authority read which contains the
idea the Chair entertains.
The Chief Cierk read from Jefferson's Man-
ual the following:
"If an amendment be proposed inconsistent with
one already agreed to it is a fit ground for its
rejection by the House, bat not within the compe-
tence of the Speaker to suppress as if it were against
order; for were he permitted to draw questions of
consistence within the vortex of order hemight usurp
a negativeon important modifications, and suppress
instead of subserving the legislative will.
"Amendments may be made so as totally to alter
the nature of the proposition, and it is a way of get-
ting rid of a proposition by making it bear a sense
different from what it was intended by the movers,
so that they vote against it themselves."
Mr. HENDRICKS. That settles the ques-
tion as far as the Senate is concerned, and I
had supposed that the question of order was
made, inasmuch as there is nothing in the
rules of parliamentary usage, upon the fact that
this question had been settled in a caucus. I
supposed it was out of order for that reason,
and I cannot conceive of any other. I was
going to ask what was the ground of objection
to it. I supposed that being a body which
usually controls and governs that that was the
ground on which it was out of order.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana whether he was a
member of that caucus that decided this matter?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have so far main-
tained my integrity during this session as that
I have not been connected with any such body,
as far as I know. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I do not see how the Sen-
ator, then, can speak as to what the caucus
did if he was not a member of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A man can speak of
very much that he did not do himself. I guess
there is no doubt about it. It seems to be
understood on all sides, in all classes of news-
papers, that that thing was settled in caucus.
Now, my colleague is setting up somewhat for
himself, I think, on this question. [Laughter.]
I am going to stand by him on it and do the
best I can. I think this law ought to be re-
pealed, and the sooner the better. It was
regarded by the House of Representatives of
such supreme importance last year as that the
highest proceedings known to our form of
Government were resorted to to enforce it and
to punish by the severest penalty known its
disregard by the President. Now, of course,
the House repeals it, and I think the House
has come to the right position. I think the
law is unconstitutional and ought to be wiped
out; therefore I vote for its repeal. I think it
took away from the President a power that
belonged to him under the Constitution, rec-
ognized as his from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. So I shall vote for the repeal. The
question of order is clearly as decided by the
Chair.
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 113.
Mr. CONKLING. Before this question is
smothered by the jocose romancing about a cau-
cus of the honorable Senator from Indiana, I
wish to make one comment upon the passage
from Jefferson's Manual which the Chair caused
to be read. I submit humbly without arguing
that it has nothing in the world to do with this
question; that it does not come, if I may use
the expression, within two rows of apple-trees
of the point here at all. What is the effect of
this language in Jefferson's Manual ? That an
amendment may be made inconsistent with one
already agreed to, an amendment which totally
alters the effect. Certainly; as for example
if you adopt an amendment saying that a cer-
tain sum of money shall be paid, you may move
to amend by inserting the word "not'' and
make it mean precisely the contrary, that it
shall not be paid ; and so on. You may to-
tally displace and reverse the effect of an
amendment by another amendment. But is
that to the effect that when you are legislating
upon a bill touching one subject it is in order
to introduce into that bill all other subjects in
the heavens above and in the earth beneath
and in the water under the earth? Not at all.
As the author of this commentary remarks,
the fact that an amendmentreverses the action
of the House is good reason why the House
should vote it do wn, but no reason why the Chair
should exclude it on grounds of order. But
can anybody doubt that nothing in parliament-
ary law is older than the distinction between
what is germane and what is otherwise ? Why
is that a familiar distinction to everybody who
has ever read the first chapter of parliament-
ary law always nsed, as the honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. MorriixJ reminds me,
in the House, always used in the British Par-
liament, and understood in the common coun-
cils of cities, in boards of supervisors, in the
smallest and mostinsignificanttheatersin which
questions of parliamentary law are tried ; and
now we are to be told that because the Senate
of the United Stateshasnotmade arule against
it. as it has not against indecent conduct in this
Chamber, and a variety of other more excess-
ive things, therefore we are to wink so hard as
not to see the old time, the immemorial and
obvious distinctions of parliamentary law which
lie deep down m the foundations of parlia-
mentary proceeding.
Sir, I shall vote that this motion is out of
order, regardless entirely of my opinion upon
the tenure-of-office act, because I believe it to
be out of order and because I foresee that as
we have just escaped in one instance the de-
struction of an appropriation bill by the intro-
duction of one subject comparatively foreign
to it which led to a long debate, so we are to
proceed now to a mooted question, destined
of course to be debated on one side and on
the other, when our business is to go forward
in the remaining hours of this session and con-
summate the necessary appropriation bills.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to say one word,
sir. This is an appropriation bill, purely such,
to defray the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government. Its object is to
apply money to the public service for the pur-
pose of carrying it on. This amendment
which is offered by the honorable Senator from
Indiana simply, solely asks for the repeal of
an existing statute of the United States which
has not the remotest connection with appro-
priations of money to carry on the Government.
I am not a very learned parliamentarian ; but I
have always understood it to be the rule of
paliamentary law, one of its fundamental prin-
ciples, that where a proposition is made byway
of amendment which is totally foreign from
the subject under discussion embraced in the
bill before the House it is out of order ; it is
a subject upon which the House are not acting;
it is not before them probably; and it tends
only to create confusion in our legislative pro-
ceedings. Why, sir, yon might as well tack on
upon an ordinary appropriation bill, you might
as well add to the bill now before you a prop-
osition to declare war against a foreign country.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be in order.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Ohio
says that would be in order. . Certainly not,
It would not be in order, because it is not in
any way connected with the subject-matter of
the bill before us; in other words, it is not
germane. It is totally foreign to the subject
before us. Certainly the Senate and the House
of liepresentatives ought to be governed by
rules as sensible, at least, as those which pre-
vail in a boys' debating society in a school dis-
trict ; and I apprehend that a proposition like
this, even before such an august assembly,
would receive its quietus very soon. I say
nothing now about the propriety of repealing
the tenure-of-office act; that is not now under
discussion ; but what I insist upon is that this
amendment to repeal the tenure-of-office act is
not in order at this stage of this appropriation
bill
Mr. SHERMAN. It is scarcely worth while
debating so clear a proposition as that this is
not a point of order. It is a question of pro-
priety. It is a question whether you will or
will not attach to an appropriation bill a doubt-
ful measure in the view of some Senators. I
could give Senators many histories in our legis-
lation where propositions of this kind much
more incongruous than this have been attached
to appropriation bills. The Wilmot proviso
was attached to an appropriation bill, and
nobody thought of raising a point of order even
against that. So with many other eases. Our
books are full of limitations, qualifications,
legislation of all kinds on appropriation bills.
Mr. HOWARD. May I ask the Senator if
that appropriation bill was not appropriating
money for carrying on the business of the Ter-
ritories as to which the Wilmot proviso applied
directly?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it was an Army
appropriation bill. I remember, too. that I my-
self moved in the House of Representatives,
some years ago, a proposition that no money
should be taken from the Treasury of the U nited
States to enforce the territorial laws of Kansas,
and it was put on the Army appropriation bill,
and nobody thought of raising a question of
order. It is true that as a question of pro-
priety, of propriety of legislation to be decided
by a majority of the Senate, it is a question
that appeals to the judgment of every Senator
whether he will put a disputed proposition on
an appropriation bill. On the point of order
the President of the Senate is clearly right;
and no one. it seems to me, could in accord-
ance with the practice of the Senate vote to
overrule his decision when every precedent sus-
tains it.
Mr. DRAKE. I thought I would look into
the volume of the statutes of Congress to see
how they spoke in reference to this question
of order; and I find in the legislative appro-
priation billot March 2,1867, as section three,
the following:
6c That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to direct a geological mid topo-
graphical exploration of the Territory between the
Koeky mountains and the Sierra .Nevada mountains,
including the route or routes of thePueifie railroad/'
I think if that could be passed in ISO" this
section now offered can be passed without vio-
lating the rules of congruity.
Mr. CONKLING. Was the point of order
raised ?
Mr. DRAKE. I do not know. It ought
to have been it' it could be.
Mi-. CONKLING. If the point of order
was not raised it does not show anything. We
have put on this very bill by consent matters
not germane to it. The question is how the
point was decided when raised.
Mr. POMEROY. There can be but one
objection in the Senate as to the propriety of
putting on an appropriation bill things that do
not belong to it. We have had a good deal of
experience of that; but when it comes to a
question of parliamentary law, and we have
got to decide that question, we have no strict
rule of interpretation that will prohibit it. We
have made provision in this act for the pay-
ment of these civil officers for the year begin-
ning 1st of July, 1869. This amendment re-
