THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ber at the time undoubtedly the Chair did not
hear him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
consent of the Senate the question will be con-
sidered as open, if there is any mistake about
it, and the Chair will receive the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to renew the amend-
ment I offered in regard to electing electors
tfireetly by the pfeople. I think it was not cor-
rectly understood when the vote was taken upon
it before. There certainly can be no objection
to the amendment. It is very important. It
is to be submitted separately ; the one is not
made dependent upon the other; and it will
Certainly add strength to the whole measure
before the people. It will popularize the whole
thing. I therefore offer the amendment again,
and desire to have a vote of the Senateupon it.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment; and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I should be glad to hear
the amendment read.
The'Chief Clerk read the amendment; which
was to insert as an additional article the fol-
lowing:
ABWCLK XVI.
The second olause, first,section, second article oftho
Constitution of the united States shall be amended
to read as follows: each State shall appoint, by a
vote of the people thereof qualified to vote for Rep-
resentatives in Congress, a number of doctors equal
'to the whole number of Senators and Representatives
to which the State may be entitled in the Congress;
but no Senator or Representative, or person holding
an office of trust or profit under the United Estates,
shall be appointed an elector; and the Congress shall
have power to prescribe the manner in which such
electors shall be chosen by the peoplo.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish the Senator who has
offered this amendment would explain what he
intends to effect by it; in what mode it changes
the present manner of electing electors.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Indi-
ana will allow me a moment, I will say a word.
I do not see how I can vote for that amend-
ment. If he will allow the people to vote
directly for President and Vice President I will
agree to any amendment he will offer for that
purposo j but I cannot see what we shall gain
by this proposed amendment. If the people
are allowed to vote at once for President and
Vice President and you count the votes all over
the United States, that will come up to the
notion which I have held for along while on the
subject, for I think the people ought to be
brought directly in contact with the candidates
for whom tliey vote.
Mr. MORTON. As the Constitution now is,
it provides that—
" Each State shall appoint in such manner ns the
Legislature shall direct, a nuoibor of electors equal
to the whole number of Senators and Representa-
tives."
In other words, it is now left to the Legis-
lature. The Legislature may elect the electors
themselves, as was always the case in South
Carolina. That is a very dangerous power,
placing it in the power of one State, in a close
presidential election, where the election might
turn upon the vote of that State, with a Legis-
lature elected perhaps a year before, to meet
and repeal the law permitting the election of
electors to the people and appoint them by a
direct vote of the Legislature, as in the case
of South Carolina.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Florida so elected last
year.
Mn MORTON. Yes, sir. This amendment
requires these electors to be appointed directly
by the people, and leaves to Congress the mode
of regulating that appointment or selection
just as Congress may now regulate the election
of Representatives.
Mr. CONKLING. It makes no change
except to guaranty an election by the peoplo.
Mr. MORTON. That is all : to guaranty an
election by the people.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to inquire again
whether under this provision it is contemplated
by die honorable Senator that an elector may
be elected from each congressional district, or
by districts to be arranged by Congress in each
State ?
Mr. MORTON. It gives the power to Con-
gress to require the election by districts ; it
leaves the manner of election to Congress just
as it is now left in regard to Representatives.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will ask the
Senator whether Congress would not also have
the power to provide by law for minority rep-
resentation under that?
Mr. MORTON. I suppose it would have the
same power that it has in regard to the elec-
tion of Representatives. The proviso is en-
tirely analogous. The effect is simply to refer
it to the people instead of to the Legislatures
of the States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask a question
of the Senator. This is a very important mat-
ter upon which we are now to vote. I do not
want to take up time or delay action, but under
that amendment, if I understand it from the
hasty reading I have given to it, a partisan
Legislature can either district the State and
compel the election of electors by districts, or
it may, if it chooses, require them to be elected
on a general ticket. The Legislatures cannot
elect the electors themselves, but they may
require it to be done either by general ticket
or by districts, and thus a partisan Legislature
may control the matter just as it seems proper.
Several Senators. They have that power
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. . This does not change it-
Mr. PESSENDliN. It gives Congress the
power to change it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only change, if I
correctly read it, is that the Legislature shall
not. itself elcct the electors, but it may either
require them to be elected by a general ticket
or by a separate district vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can do that now.
Mr. SHERMAN. And 1 say this does not
change it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It puts it in the power
of Congress to change it.
-Mr. CONNESS. I call for the reading of
it again before the vote is taken.
The Chief Clerk again read theamendment.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll
on the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (after first voting in the
affirmative.) I am not sufficiently satisfied that
this ought to be adopted at this time. There-
fore 1 change my vote; I vote "nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 37,
nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Dixon, Doohttle. Ferry,
Kcssendcn, Fowler, Gnmcs, llnrlan, Iiowe,Kellogg,
McDonald. Morrill of Maine, Moiton, Oshorn, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, "Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sawyer, Spencer, Thayer, Viekers,
Wade. AVarner, Welch, Whyte, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, ChandW, Cragin, Davis.
Drake, .Udmunds, Frelinghuysen. Harris, Hendricks,
McCreery, Moigan, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson
of Tennessee, Saulsbnry. Sherman, Stewart, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, and Yates—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Henderson,
Howard, Norton, Nye, Pouieroy, Sprague, Sumner,
and Tipton—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. There is another amend-
ment conneeted ivith this providing for its &epa-
rate submission which should be adopted along
with the amendment, so that there will be no
controversy about that.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator from
Indiana that he is periling the whole measure
by this proposition.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the pre-
liminary part of the resolution so as to make
it read:
Be it resolved, &c„ (two thirds of both Houses con-
curring,) That the following articles bo proposed to
the Legislatures of the several States as amendments
to theConstitution of the UnitedStates,which, when
ratified, or either of them, by three fourths of said
Legislatures, shall bo held as part of said Constitu-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to ask
a question of the Chair. As these amendments
are to be submitted separately, do they not
require the vote here to be taken separately ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot do that. It
is one resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is all
one resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My point is
to ascertain whether, one being carried by a
majority merely, it is competent for the Sen-
ate to pass upon the whole together?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps
they would have to be divided. They are sep-
arate propositions.
Mr. CONKLING. On agreeing to the reso-
lution would that be so?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There ara
two distinct amendments to the Constitution
proposed.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. CONKLING. But
it is only one resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not like a bill of
several sections which have been amended,
and at last the question is upon the passage of
the bill? Now, here is a joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the third reading of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has any mem-
ber a right to ask for a division of the question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not upon the passage of
the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The lan-
guage of the resolution providing for the sep-
arate submission of the two propositions will
be again read.
Mr. FERRY. When that is read I desire to
call the attention of the Senate to the language
of it, for I think, as it is now worded, it pro-
vides that if one of them should be ratified
both of them shall become parts of the Consti-
tution.
The Chief Clekk. The resolution now reads:
He it resolved, &c., (two thirds of both Houses con-
curring.) That the following articles be proposed to
the Legishituresof theseveral States as amendments
to theConstitution of tho United States, which, when
ratified, or either of them, by three fourths of said
Legislatures, shall bo held as part of said Constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is, if either of them
is ratified, both are to be a part of the Consti-
tution. [Laughter.] This proposition involves
an irretrievable difficulty, and I believe is un-
constitutional, because I do not believe you can
submit separate amendments in this way.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest that the language
be changed, so as to read, " either of which
when ratified, shall become a part of the Con-
stitution."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so modified if there be 110 objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to recommit the
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary
with the various amendments, and let them put
it into proper phraseology. We shall never
get it in order here, I fear.
Mr. DRAKE. It is all right now if the
Clerk will make the amendment I suggested.
Let us hear it now.
The Chief Cleric. The resolution now is:
Be it resolved, &e„ (two thirds of both Houses con-
curring,) That the following articles be proposed to
the Legislatures of the several States a* amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, either of
which, when ratified by three fourths of said Legisla-
tures, shall be held as part of said Constitution.
Mr. MORTON. That is it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will betaken on the first proposition, which
requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is only one resolu-
tion, and that resolution declares that "the
following articles shall be submitted to the
Legislatures of the States." You cannot divide
that resolution. ■
The PRBSIDENTpro tempore. Tho ques-
tion is on ordering the amendments to be
engrossed, and the joint resolution to be read
a third time.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed. and thejoint resolution was ordered to
a third reading.
The resolution  as read the third time.
