1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
lates to those particular officers among others ;
and while it may be very improper to do it as
retarding the passage of an appropriation bill
still it is strictly in harmony with parliament-
ary law to put it on, in my opinion. I remem-
ber some years ago when we passed a tax bill
here, and I presume other Senators recollect
it, the Senator from Ohio moved as an amend-
ment a proposition to distribute the bunking
capital of the country among the States. The
banking capital of this country was distributed
among the States, to the ruin as I thought of
the western and southern States, by an amend-
ment to a tax bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not move it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that the
Senator from Ohio moved it, but he had charge
of the bill. The division of the banking capi-
tal of the United States did not belong to the
tax bill, but it was put on the tax bill and was
not at all germane to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The subject
is included in the original act in the tax bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I think when we get back
to the old practice of the Senate, which was to
put nothing on appropriation bills that did not
relate to appropriating money for the current
year, we shall be nearer the correct usage in
legislation.
But I want to say one thing more. I am
sorry the provision is to go on this bill on one
account, because it will not go into effect until
the 1st of July, 1869. My friend from Indiana
wants to have it go into effect right off. He
wants this repealing law to go into effect im-
mediately, I take it; but if it be put on this
bill it will not go into effect until the 1st of
July, 1809. So we are to have this law upon
us, even if it should be repealed by this amend-
ment, until the 1st of July, 1869.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Kansas
will allow me one word. I dislike very much
to be the occasion of wasting the time of the
Senate in this way, and my friends about me
suggest that I had better withdraw my appeal.
I will do so; but I maintain that I entertain
the same conviction.
Mr. POMEROY. I was only going to re-
mark in addition that when I voted for the
tenure-of-offiee act I said I wanted to do it to
bridge over the administration of President
Johnson. We have got so near through now
that I think at the opening of the next Admin-
istration we can well afford to repeal it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan withdraws his appeal. The
question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I send an amendment to
the amendment to the Chair, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insertother words.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as foHows:
That the first section of the act entitled "An act
regulating the tenureof certain civil offices,'' passed
March 2,1867, is hereby amendedsoas to read as fol-
lows: that every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter he appointed to any such office and
shall become duly qualified to act therein, is and
shall be entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and duly
qualified, except as herein otherwise provided.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the second
section of said act is hereby amended so as to read as
follows: that it shall be lawful for the President,
whenever during a recess of the Senate in his opinion
the public good shall require it, to suspend any offi-
cer appointed as aforesaid, excepting judges of the
United States courts, and to designate somesuitable
person to perform temporarily the duties of such
office until the next meeting of the Senate, and
until the matter shall be acted upon by the Senate;
and such person so designated shall take the oaths
and give the bonds required by law to be taken and
given by the person duly appointed to fill such officc;
and in case of such suspension it shall be the duty
of the President, within twenty days after the first
day of such meeting of the Senate, to report to the
Senate such suspension, with the nameof the person
so designated to perform the duties of such office; i
and if the Senate shall concur in such suspension, !
and advise and consentto the removal of such officer,
they shall so certifyto the President, whomaytheie-
upon remove such officer, and by and with the advice ,
and consent of the Senate appoint another person j
to such office ;.but if the Senate shall refuse to concur !
in such suspension the officer so suspended shall i
forthwith resume the functions of his office, and the
powers of the person so performing its duties in his
stead shall oease: and the official salary and emolu-
ments of such officer shall during such suspension
belong to the person so performing the duties thereof,
and not to the officer so suspended: Provided, how-
ever, That the President may, in his discretion, be-
fore reporting such suspension to the Senate as
above provided, revoke the same and reinstate such
officer in the performance of the duties of his office.
Sec. —. And be it. further enacted. That no person
shall hold nor shall he reccive salary or compensa-
tion for performing the duties of more than one office
or place of trust or profit under the Constitution or
laws of the "United States at the same time, whether
such office or place be civil, military, or naval; and
any person holding any such office or pi ace who shall
accept or hold any other office or place of trust or
§rofit under the Constitution or laws of the United
tates shall be deemed to have vacated the office or
place which he held at the time of such acceptance.
Sec. •—. And be. it further enacted. That nothing in
the foregoing section shall be construed to prevent
such designations or appointments of officers to per-
form temporarily the duties of other officers as are
or may be authorized by law, nor to prevent such
appointments or designations to office or duty as are
required by law to be made from the Army or Navy.
Sec.—. And. be it further enacted. That the penal-
ties provided in the act to which this is an amend-
ment shall apply to violations of this act.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on that substitute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am one
of those who believe that the tenure-of-offiee
act should either be repealed or essentially
modified and changed, but I am also one of
those who believe it the duty of the Senate to
pass the ordinary appropriation bills for the
support of the Government, and I believe it is
entirely inappropriate and out of place and
wrong to attempt to put these measures upon
appropriation bills which must be passed in
order to carry on the Government. I regret
exceedingly that members of the Senate should
insist upon putting on the appropriation bills
controverted questions of this character at this
stage of the session, when it is impossible to
consider them, and when it must be apparent
to all reflecting persons that the effect of offer-
ing these amendments is to defeat the ordinary
appropriations and make a protracted session
of Congress necessary after the 4th of March,
reaching probably until midsummer, in order
to pass the necessary appropriation bills which
then will be discussed, there being no limit.to
our session, at the commencement of the in-
coming Administration, before its policy can be
fixed, before the gentlemen at the head of
Departments can understand them and indicate
the policy which they believe it wise to pursue.
For the Senate, by persisting in putting upon
appropriation bills matters that do not belong
to them, to force such a result upon the next
Administration and the country I believe to be
disastrous to the public interests, and for one
I shall vote against this proposition ; and I
hope that Senators without regard to the meas-
ures that are proposed, whether they are right
or wrong upon their intrinsic merits, will vote
against them when offered as amendments on
appropriation bills to which they do not belong.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS (when his name was
called) said: The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Yates] was called home by sickness, and I
agreed to pair with him on any question of a
political character. I am not sure how he
would vote on this question, but my impres-
sion is he would vote with his party ; and there-
fore I do not feel authorized to vote upon it,
and consider myself paired with him.
Mr. STEWART (after having voted in the
affirmative) said : I was paired with the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] but I for-
got it at the moment my name was called, and
1 should like to withdraw my vote. He was in
favor of universal repeal and I am opposed
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the Senator's vote will be with-
d ra ivn.
1 lie result was announced—yeas 17, nays
82 : as follows :
Y HAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Cragin, Har-
lan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Morrill-of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ram-
sey. Sawyer, Sprague, Suianer, Welch, Willey, and
Williams—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Conness, Corbett, Dixon, Drake, Ferry, Erelinghuy-
sen,Grimes, Henderson, McDonald, Morgan, Morton,
Nye.Osborn, Poraeroy, Pool, Robertson, Ross, Sher-
man, Spencer. Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull,Van Win-
kle, Vickers.Wa.de, Warner,Whyte, and Wilson—32.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Buckalew,
Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler, Hend-
ricks, Kellogg, McCreery, Norton, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Rice, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Yates—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I- proposed to say some-
thing upon that amendment but on the sug-
gestion of others I suspend my remarks until
we get into the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. STEWART. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.]
Mr. CAMERON. I vote " nay; " but I feel
very awkward about it. I am in favor of the
repeal, but I vote against putting it on this bill.
Mr. CONKLING, (after having voted in the
negative.) I wish to make a statement of a word.
It escaped me entirely that the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] came to me some
time ago with rather, a vague hint which I did
not at the time understand — I see what it
meant now, as this doubtless has been under-
stood on one side—saying that a member of
his family was ill and be wished to go away,
and if he was not here on the final vote on this
question he should like to consider himself
paired. Although it was qualified somewhat,
very likely he considers it a pair, and I there-
fore ask to withdraw my vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I supposed that I was
paired with that Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I inquire of the
Senator from Kansas whether he withheld his
vote under that supposition?
Mr. POMEROY. I did, because I felt em-
barrassed about it.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly we ought not
to be both paired with the same Senator. The
Senator from Wisconsin did not disclose to me
that he had made the request of any one else.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will vote. I vote
"yea."
Mr. CONKLING. That will tiot do. The
Senator votes now on the same side as the
Senator from Wisconsin. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New York withdraw his vote?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; I prefer not
to run any risk.
The result was announced—yeas 22, nays
26; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Dixon, Drake,
Grimes, Henderson, Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy. Pool. Ramsey, Robertson,
Ross, Sherman, Tbayer, Van Winkle, Vickers, War-
ner, and Whyte—22.
NAYS-rMessrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron,Chand-
ler, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry. Frelinghuysen, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill, of
Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Sawyer,
Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, Tipton,Trumbull, Wade,
Welch. Willey, Williams, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cattell,
Conkling, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fowler, Hendricks, McCreery, Norton, Nye, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Rice, Saulsbury, Stewart, and
Yates—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the heads of the
several Executive Departments be, and they are
hereby, directed to report at the opening of the ses-
sion of Congress beginning on the first Monday of
December next the number of clerks in their several
Departments, and what reduotion, if any, can be
made in tho number of clerks in each grade.
The amendment was agreed'to.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment from the Committee on Agriculture. It
is to insert after line ten hundred and sixty-
three the words " one watchman, $1,000." In
offering this amendment I desire to say that
