1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <xLOBE.
91
the Committee on Military Affairs for examin-
ation. That reference was made The Com-
mittee examined the subject, and made the
report which is now pending before the House.
I remember very well that it was said in the
Committee on Military Affairs that the ques-
tion of making the appropriation ought to be
left to the Committee on Appropriations, sub-
ject to the action of the House in regard to it.
That is the reason the bill comes before the
House in its present form.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I understand that matter very well; and that
is the reason I endeavored to get in a motion
to send this whole matter now to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom it properly
belongs. Let them act upon the subject. It'
an appropriation is to be made, it is to be made
upon the report of the Committee on Appro-
priations ; and does this House intend to with-
hold from that committee the information they
are entitled to have if they are to pass upon
this claim Y Hence I say it is proper and right
and just that this bill, as reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, declaring that
a certain amount is to be paid out of the Treas-
ury when appropriated, should go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations for examination ;
and 1 hope the gentleman from Ohio will
allow me to make the motion to refer the bill
to that committee, and will allow the bill to be
so referred.
But, sir, there is another fact, to which I
wish to call attention. This bill does not con-
tain the provision which has been embraced iti
almost every bill of a similar character—a pro-
vision which I distinctly recollect was inserted
in the bill making reimbursement to the State
of Iowa — that before the payment of the
amount claimed a report should be made by
commissioners, to be appointed by the Presi-
dent and confirmed by the Senate, and that
even then the right should be reserved to the
Treasury Department to audit the accounts.
There is no provision of that kind m this bill.
We propose to direct that the amount shall be
paid, making no provision that the Treasury
Department shall examine the accounts and
ascertain whether they are correct—no pro-
vision for a revision of the matter by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury. And, sir,
even if the gentleman from Ohio will not yield
to allow me to make a motion to refer the bill
to the Committee on Appropriations, I hope
he will permit me to offer an amendment pro-
viding that before payment shall be made
these accounts shall be audited and approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to explain. I should have said precisely
what has been said by my friend from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson.] It was not on account of any
seeking on the part of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs that this matter was sent to them
for examination. It was, in the first place, sent
to the Committee on Appropriations, which
committee very properly said that this matter
involved in large part questions of a military
character; and therefore the subject was sent
to the Committee on Military Affairs, that they
mightexamine and reportwhether the accounts
audited in this case were proper military ac-
counts. The Committee on Military Affairs
made the examination in accordance with the
order of the House, and have reported that in
their judgment these expenditures were made
in good faith for proper military purposes, but
yelTfor purposes that were not arranged for by
Federal law. Eor instance, the irruption of
Indians on the west, and of rebel •'bushwhack-
ers'' on the south, made it necessary for the
Governor of the State to take immediate action
of an extraordinary kind to repel the danger,
there being no time to await the result of a
resort to the slow process of correspondence
with the authorities of the United States Gov-
ernment. These steps were taken by the
authorities of the State of Iowa; and the men
called out, the expenses incurred, were as really
for the protection of the State against the ene-
mies of the United States as if every step had
been taken under the authority of the War De-
partmentoftheUnitedStates Government. But
these expenses were not incurred in such form
and upon such vouchers as the Government of
the United States requires; and, therefore, they
could not be audited -under such rules as are
followed in the auditing of accounts by the
United States authorities. They were, how-
ever, incurred and audited in accordance with
the laws and regulations of the State of Iowa.
Hence, this special commissioner examined
them as made in accordance with the laws of
the State of Iowa, not the laws of the United
States.
The Committee on Military Affairs have now
reported back the military part of the bill,
merely declaring that they regard the expendi-
tures as having been made in good faith for
proper military purposes. We distinctly de-
clare in the bill that we do not propose to make
any appropriation, leaving that matter to the
future action of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. That matter is to be left to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. We have stayed by
the line of our duty, and intend to discharge
that duty by reporting this bill to the House
and asking that it be put upon its passage.
Whether the House shall make an appropria-
tion depends on the action of the Committee
on Appropriations. I have not the slightest
objection to such an amendment as the gentle-
man from Illinois suggests, that this payment
hereafter to be authorized by appropriation
shall be subject to any revision or any new audit
which may be demanded to protect us against
any possible mistake. I have no objection-to
that; and if the gentleman has any amendment
to secure us against any possible danger in that
regard I will give way for it. But I cannot con-
sent, under the instructions of my committee,
and the House also, to allow this bill to be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations
without first having the action of the House
on it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the bill :
JSIr. GARFIELD. Before the gentleman's
amendment is read I desire to say that I re-
ciprocate all his suggestions out of his desire
to protect the Treasury against any improper
or fraudulent expenditure of the public money.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Nowread
my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That no payment shall be made until all
of the accounts have been audited and approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that amendment
will not be allowed to come in, and I desire to
call the attention of the gentleman from Ohio
and the House to it. It requires that all these
accounts shall be audited by the proper ac-
counting officers of the lreasury. If that be
the case they will require these accounts to be
in the form demanded by the United States.
Now, it is perfectly well known to every gen-
tleman here that these payments were not
made and vouchers received in accordance
with the requirements of the War Department.
, I trust, therefore, that my friend from Illinois
I will not press his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sug-
gestions of the gentleman from Iowa show
the eminent propriety of such a provision as
this. If the accounts are so loose and worthy
of so little attention as seems to have been
bestowed upou them it is certainly the duty of
the Government to reserve to itself the right
of examination and approval.
Mr. ALLISON. Either the gentleman en-
tirely misapprehends what I have said, or he
intends by this amendment that this claim ot
the State of Iowa shall not be paid. I know
perfectly well, as does every gentleman from
fowa, that these expenditures were in
the most economical manner by a board ot
hio-hly respectable gentlemen in our State; but
they are not in accordance with the forms re-
quired by the War and Treasury Departments,
-and therefore cannot be paid without some
special provision; • This1 bill proposes to make
that special provision, and the gentleman from
Illinois proposes that they shall go through
the ordinary forms of the Treasury Depart-
ment, which is another way of saying they shall
never be paid. '
Mr. GARFIELD. I will read one or two
sentences from the Commissioner's report:
"My examination of these accounts shows -m'e
that they aro carefully made up in accordance with
the laws of the State, vciified oa oath, ;uid though
not in the forms used by tho Treasury Pepartment,
yet sufficiently like them l'or all practical purposes.
I therefore did not attempt-to apply to them the
regulations of the accounting officers ot the Treasury:,
for had this been possible it did not seem likely that
Congress would have provided by law for a commis-
sioner ' to examine and report upon' claims that
could have been as well decided upon by those officers
themselves. The letters of the Secretary of tho
Treasury and tho Second Comptroller, hereto ap-
pended, sanction this opinion."
It seems to me, therefore, if the gentleman
offers his amendment in its full force as it now
stands, it will merely annul all that has been
done by the Commissioner, and in that form I
cannot consent to its being offered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then
the gentleman proposes absolutely that this
amount shall be paid without reserving to the
Treasury Department the right of revision.
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; I do not say
that.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My amend-
ment does not imply more than this, that be-
fore payment these claims shall be examined
and audited by the United States authorities.
I will agree to withdraw the word "audited"
and insert "examined and approved."
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
' Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I wish, in a few
words, to give membeis of the House a com-
petent idea of this matter. When the hordes
of the rebellion crossed the Missouri line into
Iowa something had to be done to repel them.
The authorities of our State called men from
the workshop and the plow, by day and by
night, without any enlistment, without any
formal regulation of the War Department, to
beat back the tide of rebellion. They came
when they were called. They had to be armed;
they had to be subsisted. The Slate armed,
equipped, and subsisted them. Then before
a dollar of this claim was allowed a commis-
sion of three gentlemen was appointed by the
Legislature to audit the accounts. And, by
the way, while I think of it, to show that the
commission was not of a partisan character,
I will say that two of the three gentlemen be-
longed to the Democratic party. They audited
the account under oath. They sifted it; and
there was not a dollar allowed that upon full
examination they did not find to be correct
and proper, while a good many dollars were
disallowed which parties asserted ought to have
been paid.
Now, sir, we came liere and asked the
Government to reimburse the State of Iowa
which had paid these accounts as audited by
this board. The answer was, "Before we
reimburse the State wc will send an Army
officer as commissioner to see whether the
auditing was properly done." Accordingly
General Buchanan was sent to Iowa to exam-
ine the matter in person. After a thorough
examination he reports—and the report is on
our tables—that the auditing has been done in
accordance with law, but not strictly in accord-
ance with Army regulations,^though substan-
tially so. Now, is it necessary to send this
Account to another auditing officer ? It has been
audited twice—once by the State commission
and once by an authorized officer of the Govern-
ment—and there is not a dollar in the account
that both parties do not say is proper to be
paid. We want to be reimbursed a part or
the money that the State of Iowa paid in good
faith to help put down the rebellion. We da
not want anything more. It is a work of super-
erogation to send this account through a long
train of auditing by the different Departments
ot the Government, and the child may not ye
be born that will live to see the day when it
