1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall vote for this meas-
ure, with the understanding and on the assur-
ance that the naturalization laws shall not be
changed so as to enable Asiatics to become
citizens of the United States. If they are
changed in that way I shall feel myself at lib-
erty to oppose the ratification of this amend-
ment by the States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to state to my
friend from Oregon that he cannot have any
such assurance from me, as one Senator.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not asked the Sen-
ator for any assurance, and I should not ex-
pect any if I did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, we have
now got a new proposition before this body
that has not been debated at all: one that pro-
poses to deprive the State of "Vermont of the
right that the Constitution has given her from
the foundation of the Government to have an
equal representation according to the number
of her Senators and Representatives in the
choice of President and Vice President, and
proposes to give it to Congress which may be
of an entirely different political opinion from
the people of the State of Vermont, and to per-
mit that Congress to tell us, by cutting up the
body of the State into districts, that the State
as a State shall have no choice in the election
of President at all.
Mr.FERRY. DoesVermonthaveanychoice
in the election of Representatives in Congress
now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. She has the choice the
Constitution gave her.
Mr. FERRY. She will have the same under
this amendment for electors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly; but the Consti-
tution as it stands gives her a much wider choice.
The Constitution as it now stands leaves to the
State of Vermont the right to decide in what
manner, through her chosen representatives,
her five electors shall be elected. Now, it is
asked that the State of Vermont shall surren-
der that right that belongs to her to Congress,
who, according to their own predilections, may
every four years district and redistrict that
State and every other one where the majority
in Congress can gain votes by it, in order to
elect a part of her electors of a different polit-
ical opinion from that of the majority of her
people. I say that is a blow against the rights
of the States, and rights of the States that are
not based upon any inequality in manhood or
any inequality in any other right of a citizen,
and it is a long stride in favor of consolidating
the powers of the Government in Congress. I
am quite ready to make all the strides neces-
sary in favor of liberalizing the rights of the
people ; but I am altogether opposed to taking
away from the smaller States the power as
States, through their Legislatures, to elect the
requisite number of electors for President of
the United States. It overthrows the whole sys-
tem upon which the Government was founded ;
and Senators, if they would reflect upon it, I
am sure would be satisfied that that is the case.
I do not know but that it is designed to do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. ^ I rise to a
question of order. I ask for a division of the
question.
Mr. WILSON. I move a reconsideration
of the vote on the amendment,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I insist upon
a division of the question. The Senate may
adopt the first part of the proposition and re-
ject the rest. It is manifestly a proper ques-
tion for a division.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the question
the Senator wants divided?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I want the
last proposition in relation to the presidential
electors to be voted upon separately from the
first.
The PRESIDENT pra tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING-. I beg to state to the
Senator from Vermont that the only question
is on agreeing to the resolution, and you can-
not divide that question.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana was adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. Did the Senator vote in
the affirmative ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; I did. I will first
move the reconsideration of the vote ordering
the joint resolution to a third reading, with the
view of then submitting the other motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Now I move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORTON. Upon that question I shall
ask for the yeas and nays. I desire to say one
word in answer to my friend from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmuxds.] His objection is wholly with-
out foundation. What interest the smaller
States can have in the continuation of the
present anomalous condition of the Constitu-
tion on the subject of choosing electors it is
impossible to see. It is right in the small
States, it is right in the large States, it is right
everywhere to allow electors to be chosen by
the people ; and that is the substance of this
provision. We know that the people every-
where desire this. The danger likely to result
from the continuation of the present system
has been shown on a former occasion. It
would place it in the power of a single State
at any time, where the election of President
might tarn upon the vote of that State, to call
the Legislature together and change the law,
withdrawing the vote from the people, and
allow the Legislature to choose the electors.
If there is any one thing upon which this coun-
try. is wholly agreed it is that these electors
should be chosen by the people, and that there
should be no power to withdraw that choice
from the people. As the matter now stands,
the electors can be chosen in every State by
the Legislature, and the presidential election
becomes simply a senatorial election. That
is all there is of it. But this proposition sub-
mits the matter to the people, and it cannot be
withdrawn from them. It seems to me there
ought not to be a single division of opinion
upon this question.
Mr. WHYTE. In order to enable the Senate
to reflect upon the fearful condition of tilings
which subjects the State of Vermont to the
control of Congress, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. What became of the
motion of the Senator from Iowa? Is not his
motion pending to recommit this resolution to
the Committee on the Judiciary ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I did not
know that ho made that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I make that motion. I
move to recommit the whole subject to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. A recommitment is the
end of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say to the Senator
from Nevada that I suppose the Senate has
more confidence in the Judiciary Committee
than to believe they would attempt to smother
this resolution.
Mr. STEWART. There will not be time to
consider it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why not ?
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on the
Judiciary would not attempt to smother it; but
it is very evident that they would be required to
spend some days in considering a new prop-
osition, and then there would not be time to
bring it before the Senate and dispose of it at
this session.
Mr. ORAGIN. There is no doubt that if
this resolution is recommitted it will end it
for this session ; and any man who thinks the
contrary, it seems to me, ought to know better.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 38; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittie, Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes, Head-
ricks, McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsb'ury,
Sprasrue, Trumbull, Vickers. and Whyte—17.
KAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Cnttell, Chandler, Cole,
Conness. Crftgin, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Hurlan,
Harris, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of V ermont, MortoD, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart.
Thayer, Van Winkle. Wade, Warner,Wolen.WiUey,
Wilson, and Yates—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Conkling,
Erolmghuyson, Henderson, Howard, Norton, Pom-
eroy, Sumner, Tipton, and Williams—11.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed to.
Mr. BUCICALEW. I was a member of the
committee which considered this subject. We
had nearly a full meeting, and gave it a very
thorough consideration. We had papers and
a considerable amount «ef information upon the
subject before us, and it was thoroughly exam-
ined. As a member of the committee I joined
my colleagues very willingly in the recom-
mendation of this provision; butl have avoided
entering, for my part, into the debate so far, in
order to save the time of the Senate. But a
few remarks now seem to be required.
The figures collected by members of the com-
mittee show the present condition of things in
regard to choosing Presidents in a deplorable
light, and prove that there is danger ahead of
difficulty in our country from the imperfect
machinery of the electoral colleges.
In the presidential election of 182-1, between
Jackson and Adams, Jackson, with a popular
vote one half greater than Adams, received
fourteen electoral votes less than his due share,
making a difference or change of twenty-eight
in the electoral colleges between them. He
received more votes from the people than
Adams and Crawford combined, and yet they
outnumbered him twenty-six in electoral votes.
In the presidential election of 1828 the Jack-
son electors were chosen by an average of 3,652
votes each ; the Adams electors by 6,170 votes.
In 1802 the result was:
Popular vote. Electors. liatios.
Jackson GS7.502 219 3,139
Clay   550,189 49 11,223
Wnt  - 7
Floyd  - 11
The total popular vote of Jackson and Clay
was 1,2-37,691, and their electoral votes com-
bined 268. A common ratio for them, there-
fore, was 4,018, from which it results that Clay
should have had 119 and Jackson 149 electoral
votes. Clay lost 70 electors, making a change
of 140 in the result as between them. Jack-
son should have had30electoral majority; but
he had 170, or more than five times his true
majority. I will now cite more recent cases:
Presidential Election. 1852.
Popular vote. Electors. Ratio*.
Pierce 1.5S5.545 254 6,242
Seott 1,883,537 42 32,846
Hale  157.296 -
3,126,378 296
Six thousand Pierce voters obtained an elector
while 32,000 were required for a Scott elector!
Now, dividing the whole popular vote by the
whole number of electors we obtain the aver-
age or common ratio of votes to each elector
of 10,562. Tf electors, then, had been obtained
by the several candidates in proportion to the
reported popular vote for each the result would
have been: Pierce, 150; Scott, 131; and Hale,
15. By the defective plan upou which elect-
ors were chosen it appears, then, that Pierce
had 104 more electoral votes than his due share;
that Scott had 89 less than his share, and that
Halo was deprived entirely of electors. And
it is to be remembered that the 104 electoral
votes to Pierce in excess of his due share really
count 208 upon the result in the electoral col-
leges, because they are deducted from the other
candidates.
Take next the presidential election of 1860.
Popular vote. Electors. Patios.
Lincoln  1,866.452 180 10,369
Douglas  1,375,157 12 114,596
Breckinridge  847,9o3 72 11,777
Bull  590,631 39 15,144
4,680,193 303
