1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
the Commissioner informs me tbat an addi-
tional watchman is necessary for the agricul-
tural building, and that in consequence of the
need of a watchman he has been compelled to
occupy a part of the upper story of the build-
ing himself. He has done so for tire purpose ,
of protecting the property, and unless yon give :
him this additional watchman he will be com- j
pelled to-remain there. I hope therefore that j
the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer an amendment, to
insert on page 22, after line five hundred and
thirty-six, the following:
Provided, That after the passage of this act the
proprietors of (ill bonded warehouses shall reim-
burse to the United States the expenses and salary
of all storekeepers or other officers in charge of snca
warehouses; and the same shall be paid into the
Treasury and accounted t'orlikeotberpublio moneys.
I have consulted with members in relation
to this amendment and itisall right. It comes
from the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer an amendment,
to strike out on page 4, from line seventy-four
to line eighty-three, the following words :
For one captain, $2,OSS; two lieutenants at SI,800
each; thirty privates at $1,584 each; twelve watch-
men at $1,006 each; making in all $65,160, one half
to be paid into the contingent fund of the House of
Representatives and the other half to be paid into
the contingent fund of the Senate.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For one captain of police, $1,600; one lieutenant,
$1,200; and twenty policemen and watchmen at $900
each, making in all 320,800.
Mr. President, I shall detain the Senate but
a moment on this amendment. At this time
I perceive by this bill that to guard this Capi-
tol we are paying a captain of police above
two thousand dollars; two lieutenants $1,800
each; thirty privates $1,584 each; twelve
watchmen SI,000 each—making in all about
forty-five persons employed as a guard of the
Capitol building at an expense of §64.000. It
is absurd to suppose that the expenditure of
364,000 is necessary to protect this Capitol. I
do not believe the half of it is necessary, there-
fore I have proposed the amendment which has
been read. It gives a force of about twenty-two
men to .guard one building, with reasonable
compensation. These persons employed about
the Capitol are watchmen; it is simply their
business to see that the Capitol is protected.
It does not require high qualities, except the
quality of honesty. Tbat, no doubt, ought to
be well paid for in these times. But the prop-
osition that I submit as an amendment gives a
very ample compensation, and as I propose it,
the expenses will be about twenty-two thousand
dollars instead of S6-3.000. I believe that we
can just as well save this $40,000 as not. _ This
amendment was suggested at the last session of
Congress, but it was objected to by the chair-
man, because existing laws regulated the num-
ber of persons to be employed and the rates of
their salaries, and it was suggested by him at that
time that the retrenchment and economy onght
to be introduced by a bill amending the act under
which these persons are employed; but no such
steps have been taken : no bill for that purpose
has been introduced by his committee or by any
other. Now, I do not see any other way of cor-
recting this great abuse than by the amend-
ment which 1 have suggested. I believe the
amendment gives ample force and a sufficient
compensation, and that it ought to be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
not enter at this late hour upon the work of
reforming the service. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that if we once enter «pon
that there is no end to an appropriation bill.
This force was reorganized only two or three
years ago by a joint committee of both Houses,
and I think it would be unwise for us to un-
dertake to put this amendment on an appro-
priation bill. I think it not unlikely that I did
say last year that this proposition ought to be
considered by au appropriate committee if it
was desirable to consider it at all; and I un-
derstand that a joint committee of both Houses
has been instructed to reorganize the entire
force of both branches of Congress. I do not
wish to extend remarks upon it, because I am j
extremely anxious to bring this bill to a con- l
elusion. I hope, therefore, that we shall get !
a vote upon it without debate, and that it will !
not be agreed to. I
The amendment was rejected. ;
Mr. ABBOTT. On page 46, line eleven 1
hundred and thirty, I move to strike out '
" SI.000" and insert "$2,000:" so that the
clause will read; i
For the care and preservation of the branch mint !
buildings, machinery, and materials, at Charlotte,
NorthCaroiina, including $500 for necessary repairs, i
$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of '
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria- .
tions if it was not understood at the last ses- !
sion that the bureau of education was to be i
continued only until the book which has been i
placed on our desks should be published. I j
see that a provision is made on the twenty- ]
fourth page of this bill for the continuation of j
the Department of Education. I think when
the bill was up at the last session it was claimed
that the Commissioner ought to be continued ;
in his office, with sufficient clerical force, until !
he could complete the preparation of this book,
which is now just out; and that when it was
completed the appropriation for the main-
tenance of that Department ought to cease.
But I suppose now it is to become a permanent
institution if this appropriation shall be made.
For the purpose of testing the judgment of the
Senate upon that question I move to strike out
from line five hundred and seventy one to line
five hundred and seventy-five, on the twenty-
fourth page.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
proposed to be stricken out. will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Office of Education:
For Commissioner ofEducation, ^3,000.
For two clerks >f class one, §2,100.
For contingent expenses, $600; in all, 86.000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not know
what the Senator was driving at. 1 will say to
him that he is mistaken in supposing that the
law providing for a bureau of education was
repealed. It was modified so that the bureau,
or Department, as I think it is called, was
transferred to the Interior Department with
two clerks. It may be that they ought to be
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior ; bnt
tbey.are provided for by law, both the Com-
missioner of Education and the clerks. The
Senator will find if he looks at the statutes a
provision, which was put upon an appropria-
tion bill, that the Department was simply mod-
ified and not repealed. I hope, therefore, the
Senator will see that it is a proper thing to
make the appropriation unless we choose to
repeal the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems that the only
way we can get at matters of this sort is to re-
duce the appropriation. The proposition to
repeal is not brought forward in any independ-
ent way ; but each session the appropriation is
made tor the continuance of the Department.
Now, Mr. President, what is to be accom-
plished by this Department of Education? I
do not yield to any Senator that he has a higher
appreciation of the importance of general edu-
cation in the country than I have. _ 1 would
desire to foster and encourage education in the
country in every way. But I do not believe
that it is one of the purposes of the General
Government to take charge of the educational
interests of the country. I do not believe that
it is within the constitutional powers of the
Government ; and further than that, I do not
believe that the Government of the United
States can successfully and advantageously to
the cause of education itself take charge of
that interest. The States have their own sys-
tems of education, and I believe very good
J systems. In the State of Indiana we have a
I system to some extent borrowed from the east-
| ern States, and I believe it to be a very suc-
1 cessful system, improving, of course, eaeh
I year.
Now, what is proposed to be accomplished
by this bureau or Department of Education?
That bureau has no means of coming in direct
contact with the school systems in the States.
All that it can accomplish is to compile for
publication books such as the one we have
now upon our tables, just published, a large
volume, costing a great deal of money, costing
. so much money that I suppose no private pub-
' lishing house would undertake its publication
' with a view to profits out of the sale of it. This
! isratheran extraordinary looking book. Of
j course I have not had an opportunity to ex-
t amine it with any degree of care, but as far
l as I have examined it it is a book rather
! easily made. It is a compilation, a gathering
; together of old things, and I should judge
j of no great importance to the cause of educa-
I tion. I should not think it pqnal, as far as I
| am able to judge, to the works on the subject
! of education published by the States. I think
! that our department of education in Indiana
j is very much superior to this bureau at Wash-
I ington, if I am to judge by this book. Here,
i in the first part of the book, is a speech cover-
' ing a number of pages, a speech made in the
I House of Representatives, a speech already
! published in th« Globe. If that speech were
; not buried in that tomb of learning it cer-
t tainly is completely and forever buried in this
' volume. But, sir, it seems to me it is not
j necessary to keep up a bureau of education
j! to publish annually books made up of compi-
lations simply, a part of which is speeches in
, the House of Representatives. I would not
, question that this is a very excellent speech,
j It may be a better document on the subject
i of education than the Commissioner himself
would be able to produce, but still it is not the
■j kind of original matter that we ought to pub-
lish a second time.
|i Mr. SHERMAN. Whose speech is it?
j Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Garfield's. Then
j' further over I find about one hundred pages
j! made np of plates of school-houses. When I
i first opened it I thought it was on the style of
!| the report of the Commissioner of Agriculture.
J You know a part of that volume each year is
j| made up of pictures of horses, sheep, and cattle,
!| and it is a very pleasing thing to turn from one
!| fine blood to another and contemplate their
beauty. It also has pictures of apples and
i pears and the like. This book is gotten up on
'I the same style. There are over one hundred
' pages of plates representing school-houses,
'! colleges, buildings for normal schools; but I
;; do not observe one that is suitable for the ordi-
i! nary purposes of a school-house. This man
undertakes the work of architecture.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me, I can explain some portion
of what he complains of in that report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall be very happy
to hear it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Those plates and a large
j! amount of the matter of which the Senator
J complains are furnished by the Commissioner
j without any expense to the Government, fur-
nished from stereotyped plates of his own, and
■, the engravings also. I think. I may not be
! literally correct, but I do not think the Gov-
| ernment has spent a dollar for the engravings
j in that publication.
;! Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator ex-
jj pect that tbat system will be continued j that the
jj illustrations to be found in the volumes here-
ii after published shall be at the expense of the
Commissioner?
II Mr. ANTHONY. I should be very happy
;! to have that system adopted for all the De-
i! partments. If the heads of bureaus were to
11 furnish their own engravings and print their
,! own documents it would be a very great econ-
ii omy to the Government.
i! Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, Mr. President, it
'j would save a great many hundreds of thou-
t; sands of dollars in printing.
;j Mr. ANTHONY. 1 merely wished to ex-
j1 plain that a much greater latitude might be
|i allowed to the head of a bureau in publishing a
I' report, if he published it without expense to
