THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
sSiall get through. Two such.audi tings as we
have had are enough. ..
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, this claim may
be valid and just. I have no doubt the State
of Iowa contributed very much toward the
crushing of the rebellion, and that she is en-
titled to recover ali she has expended in that
case. But I can see no reason why the other
States of this Union who contributed as much
as Iowa, if not more in some instances, should
not have their claims audited and paid as well
as that State. Why should the claim of Iowa
be preferred to.the exclusion of other States?
The municipal authorities of the city of New
York, in advance of any action of the Federal
Government, in advance of the appropriation
of a single dollar at Washington, appropriated
and actually expended $1,000,000 to raise
thirteen volunteer regiments to send on here
for the protection of this capital. The city of
New York has ueverbeen reimbursed one cent
by the Federal Government. She has made
her application to Congress. The State of New
York has made her application. The State of
Pennsylvania has already in pare received the
amount she expended. I cannot, myself, see
why the State of Iowa should be preferred
over New York and Pennsylvania and other
States of the Union whose claims are just as
equitable and right. Therefore I feel it my
duty to oppose the appropriation of a single
dollar of the public money to pay Iowa or any
other State until all the States in the Union
come in upon an equal footing. When that is
done I am willing to vote to allow the whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to correct
the gentleman's statement. 1 understand him
to say that the State of New York has not been
reimbursed.
Mr. WOOD. Not in all.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowu. I huve before me
a, statement of the amounts that have been paid
to the States by the General Government. The
State of New York has received $2,300,000,
the State of Pennsylvania ,989,000, and the
State of Illinois $3,817,000.
Mr. WOOD. I repeat, what I have said
before, that those States have not been paid m
full, and the city of New York, which expended
over a million dollars, has not received the first
dollar. The State of New York has disbursed
over thirty million dollars in aid of the late
war, and issued her bonds, which are yet unre-
deemed and unpaid. I repeat that the Stale
of New York, as wellas Pennsylvania, hasnot
been paid her demands, which are as just as
those of Iowa.
Mr. OULLOM, As J recollect it, nearly
every State in the Union that was loyal to the
Government at the beginning of the war has
been paid the expenses incurred in raising ami
sending troops to suppress the rebellion. Illi-
nois did it. lovva did it. New York did it.
All the States North did it. Alter it was done,
the Congress of the United States passed the
following short bill:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is
hereby, directed, out ol any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the Governor
of ,my State, or to his duly authorised agents X
S rP' and expenses properly ineurred by
such btate tor enrolling, subsisting, clothing- supply-
ing. arming, equipping, paying, and transporting its
t.oops employed m mduis: to suppress the i>re"eu?
insurrection against the United States, to be settled
upon proper vouchers, <„ be hied and Passed upon
by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury."
Alter that bill became a law 1 suppose every
northern State presented its claim against the
Government fof money paid out, and I sup-
pose that every Slate in the Union receives
something from the Government oil account
of expenses incurred by the Slate in aiding the
Government in the suppression of the rebel-
lion. Illinois, as the gentleman from Jowa FMr.
\V h.son" ] lias staled, received some. Iowa, ac-
cording to the same table that he presents, has
also received some. New York has received
some. But 1 undertake to say that there is prob-
ably no State in the Union that to-day admits
that she has received the foil amount of money
that she is entitled to on account of aid given
to the Government in the suppressiou of the
rebellion. All the States have got claims
against the Government for money paid out
and expended by them in the suppression of
the rebellion. Illinois to-day has a claim for
several hundred thousand dollars held back
by the Government because of the fact that
the State of Illinois is unable to show by her
vouchers that the claims were regular and
were in accordance with the regulations of the
War Department. They are not paid. The
Legislature of Illinois created a commission,
exactly such a commission as the State of
Iowa did, and these claims were audited. The
commissioners audited a large number of
claims that to-day are not allowed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and will not be,
simply because they were expenses incurred
out of the regular line, according to the judg-
ment of the War Department. And now is it
to be the action of this House that the State
of Iowa shall have its full amount as settled
by one man under the dictation, I suspect, of
the Governor of the State, saying to him what
claims should be allowed and what claims
should not, while the State of Uliuois and the
State of New York and all the other States
have got to stand out in the cold and their
claims that are irregular are to go unpaid?
Mr. PRICE. Now, that is not a parallel
case at all, and the gentleman will observe the
point of divergence. The State of Iowa ap-
pointed commissioners of her own to examine
and audit the accounts, and the State of Illinois
did precisely the same thing, according to my
friend, who presents the case here. But the
General Government was not satisfied with the
auditing of the board appointed by the State
of Iowa, and they sent their own auditing offi-
cer out upon the ground to examine these
accounts. He came back and reported that a
certain classofthese claims arejustand proper,
and recommended their payment,, and it is
that class of claims and that amount of money
that we come here to-day and ask by this bill
to be reimbursed. The only parallel case to
this is the case of Missouri. She had similar
churns, and an officer was sent out to audit her
claims. He reported to Congress, and a bill was
introduced and passed this House and beeafce
a law allowing the State of Missouri pay for
exactly such claims as this. These claims
have gone through precisely the same channels.
We do not ask for any pay for the State of
Iowa, except for claims every dollar of which
has been examined by these two commissioners,
one oil the part of the State and one on the
part of the General Government, and reported
to this House as eminently proper to be paid.
Mr. BO Y EH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. PRICE. For a question.
Mr. BOYEIi. 1 desire simply to state that
m the case of Pennsylvania there was no bill
passed reimbursing that.State for any portion
of her war expenditures, except in cases in
winch it was for money advanced to the Gen-
eral Government by the State of Pennsylvania
upon a contract, informally made, it is true,
but, si ill a contract, with President Lincoln and
the Secretary of War, that the money should be
refunded. It was for money advanced, and the
reimbursement was made upon that, ground.
Mr. PRICE. My friend will remember that
the case of Pennsylvania at all.
Mr. LOYER. But Pennsylvania has been
mentioned m this discussion as a State to which
reimbursement was made, and therefore I
thought it proper to make this explanation.
Mr. PRICE. The State of Pennsylvania
has received reimbursements. But I was pro-
ceeding to show that the only parallel to fhis
case^ was the case of Missouri ; that the case
of Illinois was not a parallel case at all, and
cannot be until they have an auditing officer
appointed by the Government to go upon the
ground and examine those claims. These
claims of Iowa cannot bo examined any more
thoroughly, any more honestly, any more fully,
or any more impartially thau they have already
been examined. Any further examination of
this matter would result only in procrastination
and keeping the State of Iowa out of money
that she honestly expended for the suppressiou
of the rebellion.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PRICE. For a moment j yes-
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I understood
the gentleman .from Iowa [Mr. Price] to say
that the only parallel case was the case of the
State of Missouri.
Mr. PRICE. The only parallel case that I
cited.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I beg leave to re-
mind the gentleman that a bill has twice passed
the^ Senate in fevor of the State of Kansas, pro-
viding for the examination of claims for the
payment of troops called out for service under
Major General Curtis to resist what was known
as the Price raid. If there is any justice in
this claim on the part of Iowa, there is equal
justice in the claim on the part of the State of
Kansas.
Mr. PRICE. I ask my friend from Kansas
[Mr. Clarke] whetheracommissionerhasbeen
appointed by the Government to go to Kansas
and examine those claims?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Those claims
have been referred to a commissioner provided
by the Legislature of the State of Kansas. They
have been thoroughly examined, and the result
of the examination has been submitted to the
Treasury Depaitment, and the claims would
have been paid had the troOps been called out
under regular provision of law.
Mr. PRICE. We did all that in Iow^,, Mr.
Speaker; and after doing all that, we submitted
our claims to a Government officer. When
Kansas has its claims examined by a Govern-
ment officer it will have a parallel case, as
Missouri now has.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The accounts of
the State of Kansas have been examined at the
Treasury Department. As I have already stated,
they were not paid on account of some irregu-
larities in calling out the troops. They have been
examined at the Treasury Department, and a
bill has twice passed the Senate, and is now
pending before the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I ask the gentleman having charge of
this bill [Mr. Garfield] to allow me to offer an
amendment, including the claims of the State
of Kansas, which stand upon precisely the same
basis as the claims of the State of Iowa.
_Mr. GARFIELD. I trust the gentleman
will see, upon a statement of the case, that the
claims of the State of Iowa stand upon a differ-
ent basis from the claims of the State of Kan-
sas. I will also take advantage of the present
occasion to reply to some statements made by
gentlemen here. It has been objected bysev-
eral_ gentlemen 011 this floor that it is not fair
to single out one State and arrange for paying
its claims when there are other Slates that
have just as good claims of the same kind.
Now, I ask gentlemen if it is not simply a
matter of common sense, in case we are going
to pay the claims of States at all, to begin
somewhere, with the claims of some one State.
VV e certainly cannot take all the States in a
body; no one commission can possibly go over
the claims of fifteen or twenty States at once.
I he policy of Congress, so far as hitherto
exhibited, has been, first, that the claims of
each State shall be examined by its own com-
missioners, or persons appointed by its own
Legislature; and then that the Government of
the United States shall appoint commissioners -
to go over the whole matter presented by the
State, rejecting what they do not consider
proper, and allowing what they do consider
proper, submitting the whole matter,to Con-
gress for its action. The policy is to settle the
claims of these States one by one. >
I desire to suggest to the gentleman from
fcew lork [Mr. Wood] that it he ever expects
So get the claims of the State of New York
settled, it is not a good way to do it to object
to the settlement of the claims of any other
State before his own State has its claims set-
tled. The only way is to lake the States as
they may be ready for settlement. When a
