1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Common ratio, lT>,446. Lincoln should have
had 121 electors, Douglas 89, Breckinridge 55,
and'Bell 38. Douglas obtained less than one
seventh of the electoral vote which belonged
to him upon the popular vote. Though second
in choice with the people he was the lowest in
the electoral vote of the four candidates. If by
a slight change of' vote- in; a few States the
election had gone to the House of Representa-
tives he would have been" ruled out, as the
House must chtiose from the three candidates
highest in electoral vote, and Breckinridge or
Bell-would probably have been elected by the
Bouse.
I might refer to several other presidential
elections. For instance, in 1864, the ratio for
the Lincoln electors was 10,292 and for the
McClellan electors 86,274. In 1868 the differ-
ence between the ratios of Grant and Seymour
electors wa& somewhat less, but still very re-
markable. In both those elections the popular
majority, as reported, secured the result they
desired. But this was fortunate or accidental
rather than a certain result under our electoral
system as now constituted. The election of
1824 proves that a plurality as well as a minor-
ity candidate may suffer heavy loss of electoral
votes and in fact be defeated. And the subse-
quent cases must convince us that there is dan-
ger of defeat i  ftiture elections even to majority
candidates.
Tiie eoftelusion to be drawn from the facts in
our political history is that nt any time a can-
didate with aniinority of votes given to him by
the people of the United States may have a
majority in the Electoral College. 1 have
referred to these facts not only to show that the
Committee examined the subject, but that they
acted wisely in recommending the proposition
before us. It is in ray opinion wise and timely.
It will secure to the people the right of choos-
ing electors, and will render possible any plan
or measure of reform in regard to the manner
in which such electors shall bo chosen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Mobtos] was adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the amendment
known as article sixteen. Is that it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
amendment. It is moved that the vote by
which that amendment was adopted be recon-
sidered.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 26, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conncsss.Crngin, Brake,Edmunds.Forty, Fessenden,
l'rolinKlnivsen, Harris. Howe. KcIIobk. Morgan,
Morrillof Maine, Morrillot Vermont, .Nye, Ramsey,
Sherman, Siewart, Thayer, Whyte, Willcy, Wilson,
and Yates—26.
NA YS—Mcsm'?. Abbott, Bnckalcw, Conklinsr.
Corhctt, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes,
Hftrlgn, Hcndrieks. McDonald, Moiton, Onboni,
X'attcrson of New Hampshire. Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pool, Itiee, Robertson. Ro^s, Sa.wver, Spencer,
Snracue, Van Winklo, Vickcrs, Wade, Warner, and
Williams—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Henderson,
Howard, McCrocry, Norton, Potneroy, Saulsbury,
Simmer, Tipton, Trumbull, and Welch—12.
So the motion to reconsider did not prevail.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask if the
two amendments can be voted upon separately,
fori wish to vote for one and against the other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They can-
not be separated. The whole proposition is
now one resolution, and it cannot be divided.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I suppose I can
vote against both propositions.
Mr. CORBETT. As I said before, being
assured by the Senator from Massachusetts
that he will press his bill to strike the word
■' white" from the naturalization laws, I shall
feel compelled in that view of the case, as the
result will be to allow the Chinese to be nat-
uralized and become citizens, to vote against
this measure.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a
third timo.
The resolution was read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
passage of this resolution the yeas and nays
must be taken to ascertain whether the consti-
tutional two thirds required is obtained. The
Clerk will therefore call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 16 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Ca,ttell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drako, Ferry,
Harlan, Harris, liowe, Kellogg-, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Boss,
Sawyer, Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, Thaver, Van
Winkle, Wade, Warner, Welch Willcy, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Doohttle, Edmunds, Fowler. Grimes, Hend-
ricks, McCreory, Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury,
Spiasue, Vickers, and Whyte—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew. Fessendon.jPreling-
huysen. Henderson, Howard, Norton, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Sumner, Tipton, and
Trumbull—11.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
having voted in the affirmative, the joint reso-
lution is passed.
MKSSAUE FROM U HIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson*, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (II. R. No. 1570) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
18T0, and for other purposes.
'The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 372) directing
the sale of the steamer Atlantic.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the resolution of the Sen-
ate in relation to the counting of the electoral
votes of the Slate of Georgia.
ENKOLLKfl LILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
joint resolutions; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A joint resolution (H. R. No, 372) directing
the sale of the steamer Allantic ; and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 171) in rela-
tion to coast defense.
KXKCtlTtVK COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Semite a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of December
8, 1868, further information in relation to re-
cent transactions in the region of tiie La Plata ;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a commu-
nication from the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence concerning the bill (S. No. 847) to
furnish supplies for the Indian Bureau; which
was referred to the Committeo on Military
Affairs.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC API'IIOTRIATIONS.
The Senate proceodod to consider its amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives; to the bill (II. R. No. 1570) making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, Thattlio Senate insist on its amendments
to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and agree to the conference asked by tile
House on the disagreeing votes ot the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conforocs on the part of the Sen-
ate bo appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Sumner, and Mr.
IIowe.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 10, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
credentials.
Mr. WHYTE presented the credentials of
Hon. William T. Hamilton, elected by the
Legislature of the State of Maryland a Senator
from that State for the term commencing
March 4, 1869 ; which were read, and ordered
to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Legislatureof Kansas, in favor
of such an amendment to the homestead act
as will give to each honorably discharged soldier
the full benefit of that act by one years' actual
residence; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of an appropriation
for the payment of losses sustained by citizens
of that State by reason of invasions by the
Indians; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for such an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States as will fatly
acknowledge the obligations of the Christian
religion ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington city, praying for the pas-
sage of an act to incorporate the Industrial
Home School of the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. DRAKE presented the petition of A.
Jones and others, of Deep Water, Missouri,
praying for an amendment of the Constitution
of the United States recognizing and acknowl-
edging Almighty God as the source of all au-
thority and power in civil government.; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I present the petition
of M. B. ITewson, praying the establishment
of an Atlantic transportation and express line
of steamships for passengers and mails. The
memorial is a long one and very well written.
It sets forth the reasons for the measure pro-
posed, and 1 think it interesting. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and that it be
prin ted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying for the removal of
the political disabilities imposed on them by
acts of Congress ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Ho also presented the petition of William
II. Burkhart,, praying for the removal of the
political disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary,
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying for such an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States as will
fully recognize the obligations of the Christian
religion ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
John Rice and others, of Philadelphia, pray-
ing that Congress by legislative enactment will
clearly define the intent and meaning of the
sixteenth section of the act of March 2, 1801,
entitled "An act in addition to an act to pro-
mote the progress of the useful arts," and de-
termine that the same does not apply, and was
not intended to apply to patents in the United
States for inventions or discoveries previously
patented in foreign oountries ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the memorial of Oliver
Evans Woods, praying for compensation for
