1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March-
the Government, than if he published it en-
tirely at the expense of the Government. 1
say that rather in justification of the printing
part of the document.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
allow me I wish to ask him a question. As I
looked over these pictures I supposed that the
head of the bureau or Department here had
simply borrowed from the States the plates
that had been used to illustrate their styles of
school architecture. Is not that the fact?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think not. The Com-
missioner of Education has devoted his life to
that subject, and is undoubtedly one of the
ablest, one of the most accomplished, and best-
informed educators living ; and this book em-
bodies a large amount of the results of his
studies and his experience. It is a book which
is more of a treatise and less of a report than
ought to be printed by the Government, unless,
as was the case with the more expensive por-
tion of it, it were printed at the cost of the
Commissioner himself.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Who paid for the paper?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Government paid
for the paper, and we furnished the type for a
large amount of it, and the stereotyping.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator is
mistaken about this. I do not think these are
new plates gotten up for this work.
Mr. ANTHONY. They are not new plates
gotten up : they are old plates.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me I have
seen these pictures before.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly; that is what I
said.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not going to de-
bate the question of the personal excellence
or the attainments of the Commissioner of Edu-
cation. He may be all that the Senator from
Rhode Island claims for him; but this book
will not do to put very much money in, in my
judgment, if we consult the good of the people
and the cause of education. It is not worth
publishing so far as I can judge from a hasty
examination of it. It is not worth publishing
when it is made up of newspaper articles and
speeches delivered in Congress and plates taken
from old publications. We ought not to have
one hundred pages of such plates as those. I
understood at the last session of Congress that
the purpose was to continue this gentleman in
office until he could get his great book out, and
then that he would not care anything more
about it. We had better leave the cause of
education where it is, with the States. I know
that the States of the Northwest are going on
with great rapidity and success in the cause of
education, and they are not looking to Wash-
ington ; andif they did look to Washington and
only every two or three years got a book of
this sort as a return for their hopes in that
direction they would not get much. I do not
believe that the bureau which is now being
established will be of such service to the cause
of education as to justify the expenditure of
money. It is simply a book-making Depart-
ment, and we have more books now published
at the public expense than we ought to have.
Mr. CONNESS. There is not a clerk in
the country who could not get it up for one
tenth of the money it has cost.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no doubt about
that. It has not the dignity of an original book,
It is a compilation and collection together of
scraps; I will not say scraps; I take that back,
because there is a speech in there from a member
of Congress, and of course that is not scraps; but
it is a collection together of floating matter. I
did not understand that to be the purpose of the
.establishment of this bureau. We have got to
put an end to it now, or it becomes a perma-
nent bureau. Itis a growing thing. Pass this
period, and let ;#;m commence another book,
and the argument will be that that must be
finished also. If I thought this institution
was useful to the cau.^e of education I would
pot object to it, except upon the ground that
the Government of ^pe United States has no
proper connection with that business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I d,o not st^nd her,e .to
defend the publication of treatises upon any
subject. I think that the head of a Depart-
ment or bureau should make a report of the
operations of his Department or bureau during
the year.
Mr. CONNESS. It would be a very small
book.
Mr. ANTHONY. It would be; and that is
all we ought to have. I do not believe that we
ought to have treatises here on political econ-
omy or upon international law or upon science.
Mr. GRIMES. Why should we not?
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 do not think we ought
to have them at the expense of the Govern-
ment. But of the class of books of that kind
I think the one which my friend from Indiana
has denounced so severely, and evidently has
examined so cursorily, is one of the best we
have had. I think that book contains more
information upon the subject of education than
will be found between the covers of almost
any book that has been published. I do not
say that, in my judgment, the Government
ought to go to the expense of publishing books
because they are good books. I do not think
we ought to publish any books, good or bad,
or anything except what is sufficient to give
the country information on the operations of
the Government for the past year. But I do
not like to hear that book traduced so by my
friend from Indiana, who evidently has not
read anything in it, for I think he does it very
great injustice. It is a very valuable work on
education which might well have been printed
at the expense of any State or of any educa-
tional society.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the appropri-
ation for the support of the bureau of educa-
tion in this bill is only $6,000. I do not know
how much the entire bill appropriates for all
purposes; but itis an enormous amount, of
which the sum of $6,000 is appropriated for the
bureau of education. It does not seem to me
that this is an extravagant amount. I do not
know whether it is the purpose and design of
the Senate to continue this bureau. It has
been established by law. The officer has been
appointed. The policy has been established,
as I suppose; at least, the sense of both Houses
of Congress has been expressed in the enact-
ment of a law on the subject; and now it' is
proposed to appropriate the sum which I have
mentioned, $6,000, for the great cause of edu-
cation.
The principal objection made to it by the
Senator from Indiana is the character of the
report of the Commissioner, and he has ex-
hausted his powers of ridicule and sarcasm,
which are certainly very great as we all know,
upon this very innocent and, in my judgment,
very useful publication. I must confess that I
had supposed it a meritorious work. I had
examined it with considerable care. I had found
in it the proofs of very great labor, of very great
investigation, of very great research, of very
great knowledge; the product, in fact, of a life i
spent in the cause of education. It may not all
be precisely original. I do not know that it is
necessary that on the subject of education every
word published should be a word that never was
published before; that the Commissioner should
at all times and on all occasions say that
which had never been said before. There may
be some old truths in this book ; there may be
truisms in it. It would be difficult to publish
a book of this size on this subject which should
be entirely original. I will not take up the time
of the Senate by reading the table of contents.
Here, it is true, is the speech of Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, in the House of Representatives, upon
the publication of which, not upon the speech
itself, the Senator pours out a torrent of ridi-
cule. As a general rule, I should say that it
was not best to publish in a report of this sort
speeches that are published in the Globe; but
this was an exception. This was a speech in
which the subject of establishing the bureau
was considered, and Mr. Barnard thought it
proper to publish it in his report. It may be
a matter of somewhat doubtful propriety, be-
cause somewhat doubtful as a question of taste,
whether it is well to publish the speech of a
member of Congress in this way ; but it wsis
certainly a vpry able speech, a speech wiiicK
reflected great honor upon the distinguished
member who made it, and a speech which elu-
cidated and illustrated the question upon whicli
he was speaking, and Mr. Barnard, it seems,
thought it would be useful to publish it in his
report. But, sir, aside from that, I do not, find
anything in it which is not extremely useful.
Now, with regard to these pictures. The
Senator has objected because one hundred
pages of this book have been devoted to illus-
trations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I~beg the Sen-"
ator to allow us to take the vote.
Mr. DIXON. I will not take up time; b.ut
I feel it my duty, knowing as I do the Com-
missioner, to say that he has published a report
of very great value. '
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sorry 1
that the Senator from Indiana should signalize 1
the last hours of his service in the body of '
which he has been so distinguished a member !
by an attack upqn this bureau in order to save '
$6,000, when only this afternoon he voted for 1
an expenditure of $300,000 without wincing at '
it at all. 1
Now, Mr. President, in relation to this mat- '
ter, I suppose it is intended to have something
of this to continue, and it matters not whether
the party now in the office is a fit person to fill
the place or not. He 'certainly is a man of
distinguished abilities and acquirements, who
has spent a whole life on this subjeet.and
evinced an enthusiasm that might be copied to
advantage by younger men. Instead of striking
out the appropriation I should much prefer that
the Senate should raise the two clerks of class
one to two clerks of class four. Two clerks of
class one of course must be the lowest grade,
and they are not equal to the duties which they
will be called upon to perform. But I suppose
such a motion would be ruled out of ordpr, and
therefore I shall not make it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Vermont
is chairman of the Committee on Education,
and perhaps he can give me some information
that I have never yet been able to ascertain ;
and that is, what is the purpose of this bureau?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Why, Mr.
President, the Commissioner has been in cor-
respondence with the educated men of the
whole country for the last year, and he has
had clerks here compiling the laws in relation
to education in the several States. If you
examine that booli you will find some matter
there that will be useful for reference for all
time.
Mr. GRIMES. When they have got those
laws thus compiled what is going to be done
v/ith them ? Is it proposed that the national
Government shall take charge of education in
the several States ? Does the Committee on
Education look to such a consummation as
that ?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont._ Idonotpro-
pose to be drawn into a constitutional argu-
ment on this subject.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not a constitutional
question.
Mr,MORRILL, of Vermont. Iliavenoques-
tion that the Commissioner can find something
to do that will be useful and valuable to every
part of the Union.
Mr. GRIMES. Bnt what does the Commit-
tee on Education propose that this bureau shall
grow into, or what duty is it to exercise in a
national point of view? I can very well see that
there is propriety in having some one in charge
of the schools in this District, but I should
like to know what relation this bureau is to
have to education in may State ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Senator
from Iowa finds that they have a better system
or have introduced any improvement in relation
to the art of teaching, the books used, or the
houses constructed for the accommodation of
children in other States, I have no doubt he
would welcome it in his own ; for I believe that
when he was Governor of the State of Iowa he
