1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
State says that its accounts are so adjusted that
it has made a thorough and proper examina-
tion and report of its claims, then we can go
to work and pass the proper legislation on
our part.
When we have examined the subject by a
proper board of officers appointed for the pur-
pose, and when that board has reported cer-
tain results, it seems to me we have then
reached a point where the committees^ of this
House, and the House itself, can review the
result of this double examination and act intel-
ligently npon it. Unless we take some such
course as that; unless we agree to take up the
States in the order in which they present them-
selves, it seems to me the effect of the argu-
ments made by gentlemen here is that we shall
never touch any of them at all.
I grant you, Mr. Speaker, that it is an un-
pleasant business for a Representative in Con-
gress from the State of Ohio to be voting
money out of the Treasury of the United States
to be paid to the State of Iowa. It is some-
thing for which no Ohio Representative will
ever expect to get any special honor or any
particularly flattering approval from his con-
stituents. There is, therefore, no appeal to the
selfish political interests of members on this
floor to advocate or vote for any such bill as
this. But it seems to me that if we are intend-
ing to do justice to all the States of this Union
we mast begin somewhere ; and the best way
is to begin with the States that have their
accounts ready for examination.
Now, if we intend ever to pay any accounts
of this sort, I know of 110 such accounts that
have been examined more thoroughly, not only
by the State itself, but by the Federal authori-
ties, than this claim of the State of Iowa. I
understand from my friend from Kansas [Mr.
Clarke] that the accounts of his State have
undergone examination by the State authori-
ties. This being so, I suggest to him that his
State is in exactly the proper position to ask
for the appointment of a Federal commission
to go over all that his State has done. When
such a commission has made its report, throw-
ing out the claims that it considers improper,
and approving those that it considers proper,
the claims of that State will be m the same
position which the claims of the State of Iowa
now occupy before Congress. But until there
has been the report of a Federal commission
upon the claims of the State of Kansas I can-
not see the propriety of putting them in the
same category with the claims of the State of
Iowa.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. An amendment
contemplating such an examination and report
is what I desire to offer to this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. But it is not in place as
applied to this bill. Let the gentleman get up
a separate bill for the appointment of a com-
mission. That is the proper thing for him to
do for his State.
I now yield five minutes to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Alt.isox.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that gentlemen misapprehend entirely the
character of this claim. The State of Iowa
does not stand here to-day asking, by this bill,
the payment of the class of expenses referred
to by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood.] Other States have already received
from the General Government reimbursement
for the same class of expenses for which the
State of Iowa now asks remuneration.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will permit
me to say that, so far as the city of New York
is concerned, her disbursements were *or
equipments, outfits, provisions, and stores ot
troops. I am sure that the State of Iowa can-
not present a more meritorious claim than
* ^ Mr. ALLISON. I do not know the char-
acter of that particular claim; but I do know
that the State of Missouri received some seven
million dollars from the Government of the
United States upon claims tor expenses ot
precisely the same character as those for which
the State of Iowa now asks reimbursement-
claims for expenses in raising and supporting
troops that were not regularly mustered into
the service of the United States. The report
in this case shows that two regiments, or parts
of regiments, raised in the State of Iowa passed
over into the State of Missouri and were actu-
ally engaged in suppressing the rebellion,
although they were not-mustered into the Fed-
eral service, and therefore could not receive
pay from the War Department. A portion of
another regiment was mustered into the service
of the State and sent out to the border for the
purpose of suppressing-Indian hostilities. -
The claim of the State of Iowa upon the
General Government' for reimbursement of
these expenses is just as strong as the claims
of the State of New York and the State of
Pennsylvania in similar cases. I remember
perfectly well that three years ago the State of
Pennsylvania asked us to ^ay nearly one mil-
lion dollars to reimburse that State for the pay-
ment of troops called into service for thirty
days, but not formally mustered into the service
of the United States.
Now that law we ask from the GeneralGov-
ernment in reference to this claim. It is not
a general settlement with the State of Iowa of
all the claims she has or may have against the
General Government. It is only the adjust-
ment of a particular class of claims, the same
class of claims having been adjusted in refer-
ence to every other State of the Union thatl
am aware of. The States of Indiana and Ohio
have received payment of the same kind of
claims. All that the State of Iowa asks is that
she shall be placed upon a par with the other
States who have received pay for this kind of
expenditures. If the State of Illinois has the
same character of expenditures she ought to
be paid. So, also, in reference to the State of
New York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
ask my friend in regard to this class of ex-
penditures. If the gentleman and the House
will look at the special document [ hold in my
hand, Miscellaneous Document No. HO, they
will perceive there is an item of $109,000.
For what? To defend the State against the
rebels .' No, sir; but for the northern border
brigade.
Mr. PRICE. Precisely ; and 1 wish to state
that the iebels excited the Indians to insur-
rection and murder, and these troops repelled
them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman come here and state that the State
of Iowa had not patriotism enough to repel
the Indians, but came here and asked Congress
to protect them ?
Mr. PRICE. They had patriotism and money
enough, and now they ask the Government to
refund them the money they expended.
Mr. ALLISON. That expenditure was in-
curred by the Governor of the State of Iowa,
and it was made in the most, economical man-
ner It was incurred for the purpose of sup-
pressing Indian hostilities. Now, I wish to ask
the gentleman from *Ilhnois whether he pro-
poses that Colorado, Dakota, and the other
Territories upon our northwestern border, shall
pay the expense of the Indian war now going
on' If he does, then this claim ought not to
be allowed. If the General Government shall
pay that class of claims, why, then, shall the
State of Iowa be excluded?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will an-
swer the gentleman. As a Representative m
Congress 1 do not intend to permit Colorado,
Dakota, or Iowa, or any other State, to raise
troops and make war at the expense ot this
Government. . . ,
The SPEAKER. The five minutes ot the
Gentleman from Iowa have expired.
° Mr. GARFIELD. I have promised to yield
for five minutes to the gentleman from lennes-
see I do not know what he desires.
Mr MULLIN3. I desire to ofier an amend-
ments the bill at the proper time, for the pur-
pose of bringing before Congress the condition
of the people of Tennessee. They stand, as
far as merit is concerned, as much entitled to
receive pay as the: State of Iowa, or. any other
people belonging to the continent of America,*
I mean so far as the loyal people of the State
of Tennessee are concerned, for the other body
of her people I &tn not here representing di-
rectly. My amendment goes upon theground
of the bill, as I understood it when it was first
presented, that it was to reimburse the State or
citizens of the State for any loss incurred grow-
ing out of the rebellion, and incurred for the
purpose of suppressing it: And furthermore,
we ask, if this shall be allowed to the State of
Tennessee, that it shall be allowed 'npon the
principles adopted by her Legislature at-its
last and present session. That legislation pre-
vents any man who was disloyal to the Gov-
ernment, and who incurred loss directly himself
or through others by his adherence to the re-
bellion, from being paid one cent. If such a
one comes up to the commissioner authorized
by law, by himself or through his friends, it is
madea high crime and misdemeanar, for which
he is indictable for perjury and liable to a fine
of from $100 to $1,000, and imprisoned from
one to twenty-one years for presenting his illi-
cit claim. This commission has been ap-
pointed by law in Tennessee. It has taken
proof of the claims ofloyal men in pursuance
of law. It has audited those claims. They lie
in almost every county of the State. I propose
that these claims shall be paid just as those of
Iowa. They stand upon the same grounds.
And, while on this subject, I wish every man
to understand me. I, for one, hold that every
dollar expended by a loyal State ought to be
reimbursed by the General Government. The
Government ought not to refuse that to the men
vvho have been loyal to it. If the loyal people
be denied, then iheir cry will continue as did
the cry from the ground of the blood of Abel
against Caiu. It will not slumber. And while
I sue for the people of Tennessee, understand
me. I stand up for the payment of every loysil
subject of this country or of any foreign coun-
try whose means -Jiave been taken or used in
the suppression of the rebellion. If he has
been loyal to the stars and stripes he ought to
be remunerated. I say it.will not slumber.
You cannot, keep it down. The thunders of
justice will break down your doors, and the
people, in their majesty, will demand that jus-
tice shall be done.
I cannot see why any objection should be
made. Even the State of Illinois, that makes
such a noise about it here, [laughter,] I rejoice
to know that her people are right. I want to
know whether the Government ever suppressed
the Brigham Youngs, who origiually stopped
there? Or whether, when they engaged in the
Black Hawk war, the Government ever lifted
them out of the mud and mire? I glory m
your spunk, that you stood by the Treasury to
pay your honest and just debts, as I believe
you fully intended to do.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am delighted and in-
structed by my friend from Tennessee ; but I
think he will perceive that I cannot allow his
amendment to be offered, precisely for the rea-
son why I declined to allow a similar amend-
ment to be offered by the gentleman from Kan-
sas. ' I must ask the previous questiou on -the
bill and amendment, as the morning hour is
almost up, but I will allow further discussion
as soou as the previous Question is seconded.
Mr. WOOD. T would inquire of the Chair
whether, if the previous question is not sec-
onded, it will not be in order to move to re-
commit the bill, with instructions to report a
general bill comprehending ali/he claims of
the States?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
- Mr. PRUYN. I have a bill prepared which
will cover thai ground, and, I think, reconcile
these views.
The question being put on seconding the pre-
vious question, there were—ayes 43, noes <0.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WOOD. 1 now move to recommit Uie
bill with instructions to report a general fc U
comprehending the claims of all the btate* ot
a similar character.
