1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
improvements which he invented on stamped
envelopes showing the address of the writers,
by which is rendered practicable the prompt
return to them of ail such letters unclaimed;
which was referred to the Committee oil Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. VICKBRS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington city, praying for the pas-
sage of a law to exempt church property from
taxation ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition from the
board of supervisors of the county of Dallas,
Wisconsin, remonstrating against any further
extension of the time for the building of the
railroad from the Saint Croix river or lake to
the west end of Lake Superior and to Bay-
field, in the State of Wisconsin, and asking
that provision be made for the early restor-
ation to market of the lands reserved on that
route; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
OC15AN .MAIL STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate reso-
lution No. 186.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the title of it?
Mr. RAMSEY. "A joint resolution declar-
atory and amendatory of the act entitled 'xVn
act to provide for an American line of mail
and emigrant passenger steamships between
New York and orif or more European ports,'
passed July 27, 18GS."
The PEESIDENT^ro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution at this time.
Mr. COLE. I do not think we ought to
consider such a resolution as that in so thin a
Senate as we have this morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. That might be said of all
other business with the same propriety.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. 11 proposes to direct
the Postmaster General, under and pursuant
to the act of July 27, 1808, to contract with
the company named in that act tor convey-
ance of the mails of the Umted States as pro-
vided in that act, weekly or semi-weekly, be-
tween New York and Bremen, (Germany,)
touching at Southamp'on, (England;) and also
gemi-weekly between New York and Liverpool.
(England,) touching at Queeustown, (Ireland.)
according to the true intent and meaning of the
act; and in order to further facilitate and in-
crease the mail and emigrant passenger ser-
vices contemplated under the act, the contract
for the conveyance of the mails touching at
Southampton may be to Bremen and to Ham-
burg, (Germany,) separately, or both inclus-
ively.
The resolution also proposes to extend the
time specified ill the before named act in which
the company shall build, contract, and fit out
the steamships named to within one year from
the date of the contracts ; and to insure that
the company shall commence the mail services
within the time designated the company may
charter or employ temporarily, steamships of
the first class to perform the services until the
company's steamships arc fitted out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is evidently a
measure of too much consequence to take up
and pass in the present situation of the Sen-
ate. 1 suggest to the Senator to let his motion
be passed over informally, while I can call up
a bill of less consequence.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will call up a
bill himself?
II r< HENDRICKS. I wish to call up a bill
from the Committee on Public Lands, relating
to some entries  
Mr. RAMSEY. I will assist the Senator
in netting up that bill as soon as this is dis-
posed of. 1 hope he will let this pass. I have
been making an effort for two weeks past to
get this resolution before the Senate. The
legislation of last summer unfortunately met
with opposition on the part of the Postmaster
General that, I think, was erroneous. In my
opinion, the wish of the country for an Amer-
ican line of ocean mail steamships ought to be
gratified.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator whether these are the ships that the Gov-
ernment was going to contract for the building
of, and on which the Government is to issue
certain bonds?
Mr. IIAMSEY. Yes, sir; but those bonds
are to be based entirely upon postal revenues
arising from sea postage, and upon nothing
else in the world.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have heard that busi-
ness spoken of. Yesterday evening, after we
got through our business in this body, I hap-
pened to meet some gentlemen who were speak-
ing of it, and it was the first time lever heardof
it; and from what I understood of it it is not a
piece of business that I would be in haste to
take up. The building of the ships is not com-
menced,' and I understand that the purpose is
to get possession of these bonds in advance;
that that has been the effort ever since the pas-
sage of the law; that instead of making an effort
to build the ships to fulfill the service the effort
has been to get the bonds. The Postmaster
General would not give them. I am not in great
haste myself to take up a measure of that sort,
and I think we had better not take it up this
morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. Piesident, outside of
the Senate there has been a most unfair oppo-
sition to the cairying out, of the act of July 27,
1808. The foreign steamship lines, with all
their influence, and others who had probably
simply the ambition to do this work themselves,
have been exerting themselves to thwart this
company. With the permission of the Senate
I will briefly explain the purpose and object
of this resolution. No steamship lines under
our flag ply to European ports. Eight regular
foreign lines, composed of ninety-eight large
steamships, making nine hundred and sixty
trips last year, ply to New York alone. They
sail under English, French, and German col-
ors. Last vear their earnings amounted to
$20,000,000, more than three quarters of which
was from our postal service, passengers going
abroad, and freight, money on goods brought
over and taken back. The postal money paid
by this Government in thelast ten years amounts
to nearly lour million dollars, every penny of
which was paid to foreign ship-owners, and was
taken out of the country to augment and swell
up the wealth of foreign Governments. Twenty
million dollars last year, and quite an equal
sum for the last five years annually has gone
from us into the pockets of the people and
Governments of Europe.
The present Congress in July last passed a
law giving the mails to the Commercial Navi-
gation Company, a corporation existing under
the laws of New'York, provided the company
would build ships in this country, sail them
with our own citizens, and keep up and instruct
some three hundred boys as engineers, officers,
and sailors annually. The Postmaster General
found some difficulties, in his opinion, in con-
ceding the law as passed with the requirements
of the Department, and hence he made a con-
tract and tendered it to this company for the
transportation of the mails to Europe, subject
to the passage of a joint resolution or act
amending the law to conform to the contract.
In the Postmaster General's annual report for
the last year he calls the attention of Congress
to the law and the contract he had proposed,
and requests Congress to so amend the law as
to make it operative. In accordance with this
request, and in order to cariy out the provisions
of the law of July, 1808, which we have already
made for the purpose of having the rnail service
performed by our own citizens, the joint reso-
lution now before the Senate has been reported
by the committee of which I am chairman,
which 1 have to say, in our opinion is just and
proper and should be passed. The Commercial
Navigation Company is composed of our most
worthy and talented practical business men.
This compa ny has everything to make it worthy
of the confidence of the ben&te and of Congress.
It is free from all liabilities. It has a large
capital and unquestioned resources, so that it
can carry out with honor and credit to this
Government the contracts proposed. Itcaij
build all the steamships required within less
than one year. The company proposes to
construct iron steamships, and thus to open
up a new feature in the building of vessels in
this country. If they succeed in demonstrat-
ing that vessels of iron can be constructed here
as cheaply as in England our mechanics will
find employment and our people be enriched
by foreign orders for tonnage which now go
to England coming in part to us. _
The amount of mail money is limited to
§600,000 by the act of July last. Neither the
bonds nor the credit of the Government are
given, but the company with its own mtfney
builds the steamships required, and after they
are constructed the company is allowed to
register bonds to a limited sum at the Post
Office Department, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral is to retain all the postal earnings and pay
the interest on the bonds and reserve the bal-
ance for investment for the redemption of the
principal. This is all that the resolution per-
mits or authorizes.
The Senator from Indiana says the company
have not built these ships. Why? They went
to the Postmaster General in pursuance of the
terras of the act of July 27, 1868, and pro-
posed to enter into the contract, but he de-
clined to do it, and hence there was no course
left open to them but to come to Congress and
ask for additional legislation.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor why he declined?
Mr. RAMSEY. He states in his report why
he declined: for the reason that under the
terms of the act but two mails a week were re-
quired to be sent to Europe, whereas the Post
Office Department is now itself sending four
mails a. week, and for that enlarged service he
applies to Congress. I read from his report
of December, 1808:
" I have had under careful consideration the pro-
visions of the act of Congress approved July 27,
186S, authorizing and empowering tho Postmaster
Ucneuil ' tQ contract with tho Commercial Naviga-
tion Company of the State of New York, a corpora-
tion existing under the laws ot the Stat© oi a*ew
York, under a special chaiter passed by the Legisla-
ture of said State, under the, date of April 23, 18bo.
for tho weekly or seaii-weekly conveyance ot all
European and foreign mails of the United States
between New York and Bremen, touching at South-
ampton, England, or Liverpool, touching at Queens-
town, m first cla?s sca-going steamships, to be con-
structed in the United Status and owned by said
company, for a term not exceeding fifteen years;,
and after a thorough examination of the subject in
all its bearings, m which I consulted the Attorney
General ou the legal questions involved. I decided,
in the exercise of the discretion given to me. that it
was itn practicable to make a contract with said "coni-
panv for only a weekiy or sewi-weekly mail service
to Europe, and accordingly declined to execute a
contract in the manner and on the conditions there-
in stated."
The terras of this amendatory act allow the
Postmaster General to contract for four mails
a, week, the number now sent to Europe. ^ As
I have said, we have not at present a single
line of American steamers, and our national
mails are carried to Europe by steamships sail-
ing under the British, French^ and German
flags. The people of this country demand that
there shall be an American line, that the
American {lag shall cover the mails going to
Europe j and it was in response to that demand
that the legislation of last July was had. It
met with opposition 011 the part of the Post-
master General, and this amendatory legisla-
tion now comes in. ...
I would further state for the information of
the Senate that I have an amendment 111 manu-
script which I will offer to the resolution which
will remove the other objection that has been
made. These bonds are not intended or re-
quired to be issued until after each vessel is
completed, and then only proportionately.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senator from Min-
nesota has called attention to this resolution, and
I suppose does not wish to press it now, I wish
to make some reports and to ask action on one
or two bills of immediate pressing importance.
