1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
relief of Henry S. Gibbons, Luther McNeal,
and Seth M. Gates; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No, 438) relative
.to certain purchases by the Interior Depart-
ment.
thomas tv. phipps.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following;
■which was considered by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee to Audit and
Control the ContingentExpenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That there be paid to Thomas \f. Phipps
from the contingent fund of the Senate his salary as
messenger acting assistant doorkeeper of the Sen-
ate, Irom the 1st day of-May, 1867, up to the present
time, deducting therefrom the amount received by
him during that time.
mary a. davis. '
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H., R.
No. 596) granting a pension tQ Mary A. Davis,
widow of William P. Davis, a private in the
war of 1861, which was to strike out the word
"one" in the third line of the Senate amend-
ment and insert the word "four."
The amendment to, the amendment was con-
curred in.
oregon military road.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 167) granting lands to the State
of Oregon to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary road from the navigable waters of Coos
bay to Roseburg, in said State; which were
read, as follows:
Insert after the first proviso in page 3, line thir-
teen, the following:
Provided, further. That the grant of lands hereby
made shall be upon the condition that the lands
shall be sold to any one person only in quantities not
greater than one quarter section, and for a price not
exoeeding $2 50 per acre.
Insert at the end of section five the following
words:
Provided, however. The entire amount of public
lands granted by this act shall not exceed three sec-
tions per mile fur each mile actually constructed.
The amendments were concurred in.
prevention of revenue frauds.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 370) to repeal an
act approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An act
to regulate the disposition of fines, penalties,
and forfeitures received under the laws relating
to the customs, and for other purposes," and
to amend certain acts for the prevention and
punishment of frauds on the revenue and for
the prevention of smuggling, disagreed to by
the House.
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the eonferroes on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore,
sympathy with spain.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to frhe
joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) tendering sym-
pathy to the people ot Spain.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the resolving clause
of the resolution and to insert:
That the people of the United States sympathize
with the patriotic people of Spain in their efforts to
establish the liberties of the Spanish nation.
Sec. 2. And he it further resolved. That the people
of the United States sympathize with the people of
Cuba i n their elforts to secure political independence,
and that they will welcome to theiamily of inde-
pendent nations any Government that guaranties
liberty to all men a.tid recognizes the principle of the
absolute sovereignty of the people.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, Thatthe President
is hereby authorized to recognize the independence
of Cuba whenever in his opinion a republican form
of government shall have been established.
The House proposed also to amend the title
of the joint resolution by adding the words
" and Cuba.''
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
by the House of Representatives.
Mr.;FESSENDEN  I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The -motion was agreed to. •
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its.Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed 'the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 264) for the relief of Henry
C. Noyes;
A bill (S. No. 661) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Colonel John W. Davidson, of the United
States Army;
A bill (S. No. 679) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road
from Oregon City to the eastern boundary of
said State;
A bill (S. No. 705) further to provide for
giving effect to treaty stipulations between this
and foreign Governments for the extradition
of criminals;
A bill (S. No. 760) for the relief of Rev. D.
Hillhouse Buel;
' A bill (S. No. 781) for the relief of Alpheus
C. Gallahue:
A bill (S. No. 844) for the relief of Saptain
Charles Hunter, United States Navy; and
A bill (S. No. 862) amendatory of the act
providing for the sale of the arsenal grounds
at St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri, and for
other purposes, approved July 25, 1868.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1808) making appropriationsforthe
service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill;
but was interrupted by
Mr. WARNER. With the consent of the
Senatorfrom Maine, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
890. I will state that it is the first measure to
which I have asked the attention of the Sen-
ate at this session ; but it is one of importance
to our State, and of pressing importance to be
passed now, because at the next session of
Congress Alabama will have no representation
in the other House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr." Coy-
ness in the chair.) The Senator is not in
order at present pending the reading of the
bill. The Secretary will continue the reading.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill.
Mr. WARNER. I now ask the consent of
the Senate, with the permission of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, to
take up Senate bill No. 890. It is a very im-
portant bill and the only one to which 1 have
asked the attention of the Senate this winter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Isthereany
objection to the bill proposed to be taken up
by the Senator from Alabama ?
Mr. WARNER. I will state that on the
4th of March Alabama will have no Represent-
atives in the other House, and consequently
it is Important that it should be attended to
now. I move to talle up Senate bill No. 890,
renewing a grant of lands to a railroad in Ala-
bama—a grant made before the war. It is a
simple renewal of the grant in the very words
of the old law. The road is very important to
our people in every way. I move to take up
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can only
be done by unanimous consent. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. HOWARD. It is objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. RAMSEY. I inquire of .the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations whether
he has any amendment to propose to this bill
from that committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No1, sis; the
committee propose none.
. Mr. RAMSEY. Then I move toamend the
bill by striking out the proviso in the twelfth
and thirteenth lines, in these words:-
Provided, That no part of said sum shall be paid
for inland transportation between Fort Abercrombie
and Helena.
Mr. President, in my judgment this is a very
unfair, unreasonable, and odious discrimina-
tion against this muil route. At present we
have a tri-weekly mail carried from St. Paul
and from our northern towns on the Mississippi
river to Fort Abercrombie; and again upon
the other side from Helena to Walla-Walla
there is a tri-weekly mail carried. To make
this link comport with the service both east
and west the act of about six months ago was-
passed. The business is increasing, the set-
tlements are pressing east and west, and there
is necessity for this particular kind of service.
The other mail service upon the central route
is some five or six hundred miles south of this,
and surely an American Congress will not say
that the whole service between the East and
West upon this continent is to be confined to
one line. It might be suspected that this- pro-
viso was owing to the selfishness of the cen-
tral line of railroad wishing to accumulate upon
its line all the mail transportation upon this
continent, instead of allowing those great and
growing and prosperous northern regions of
the country to be served upon thgir own line
from the States from which most of their peo-
ple have come, and where much of the travel
is, seeking to divert it all to that central line.
I hope the Senate will repudiate this odious
discriminatioH upon the part of the House of
Representatives, and will strike out the proviso.
Sir, already population is rapidly spreading
toward the Red River valley. As I said, we
have a mail service three times a week up
to Fort Abercrombie. Farmers have settled
through the whole Sauk valley, stretching frota
the Mississippi to that point. It is a thickly
settled country. Again., upon the other side,
along the valley of the Missouri, settlements
are growing and extending every year. The
distance from Fort Abercrombie to the bend of
the Missouri river is only about three hundred
and fi(ty miles ; and within the next year the
railroad system of Minnesota will extend to the
Red river. Contracts have been entered into
looking to the completion of our railroad system
to that point.
Now, Mr. President, this kind of service is
not nearly so much in advance of the growth
of this region of country as was- the service
upon the central route wheii that was entered
upon. I think it is an odious aod unfair dis-
crimination t-o select this route from all the
routes of the country, and say that no service
shall be placed upon it, especially as the Con-
gress of the United-States, after solemnly con-
sidering the subject, passed a law six months
ago ordering the service upon that route. The
proposition to discontinue it is either owing to
the disposition of the central railroad line to-
accumulate, as I said, all the business upon
its route, or it is owing probably to some
contractor who was caught in his bid and who-
now desires to avoid executing his contract by
this kind of legislation. I hope that the Senate
will not'eonsent to anything of the kind, but
will agree to my amendment and strike out this-
proviso.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say one
word on this subject. It seems by aresolution;
passed in 1868 that a mail route was provided
for, and the Postmaster General was author-
ized to make a contract for the mail service
between these two points, some three or four
hundred miles or more. The Postmaster Gen-
eral reports that the thing is utterly imprac-
ticable ; that he cannot carry the mail.
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Ma'ne. That is the
report, that he has made a contract which can-
n a (*. no
Mr. RAMSEY. Where is there such a
report, I would ask the Senator ?
