1046
THE GOJSTGEBSSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. RAMSEY. I called tip this resolution
with a view of passing it.
- Mr.-SHERMAN. It is unusually early to
push so important a measure, and therefore I
move that it be laid over until to-morrow. I
do not wish to say anything against it, but I
think it ought not to pass without further ex-
amination. I hope the Senator will not press it.
Mr. RAMSEY. If Senators desire to ex-
amine it I cannot persist in urging it against
their wish, but in the mean time I will offer
an amendment which I desire to have printed.
• ThePRESIDENTprofore^ore. The amend-
ment will be ordered to be printed, and the
resolution will lie over until to-morrow.
pay of deputy collectors.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (II. K.
No. 1812) to allow deputy collectors and
assistant assessors of internal revenue, acting
as collectors ,or assessors, the pay of collectors
and assessors, have directed me to report it
back with an amendment, and recommcnd its
passage.
Mr. President, this bill as sent to us from
the House of Representatives proposes to grant
pay, to certain deputy collectors and assessorsj
when they act in place of their principals.
After examination we have stricken out all
but a provision authorizing pay in certain cases
to be given to deputy collectors in cases of
vacancy, when under tho tenure-of-office bill
there is a suspension of all pay, allowances,
&c. There is an immediate necessity for act-
ing on this bill, as there arc several deputy
collectors in that position who are not now re-
ceiving even their expenses. We have stricken
out all of the bill except the provision that
deputy collectors, who in case of full vacan-
cies are performing the duties of collectors,
shall receive the pay of collectors. There can
be no objection to the bill. It is fortified
strongly by the representations of -the First
Comptroller and the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and there is an immediate necessity
for its passage. I therefore ask tho unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take it up and
- act upon it at this time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio whether that bill is in-
tended to cover such a case as has heeti in ex-
istence in Indiana for about two years, where
there was a vacancy, and the Senate has refused
to confirm a great number of nominations,
upon the position assumed by the Senator from
Ohio, that there was a very good assistant to
discharge the duties of the office? I recollect
that that was tho ostensible reason given.
Mr. SHERMAN. It covers the case of
deputy collectors, not of assessors, because
assessors get their pay under the law. This
covers the case of assistant deputy collectors
who are performing the duties of collectors.
It gives them the pay to which they would
have been entitled as collectors.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not recollect
whether that was the case of a collector or an
assessor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to the present consideration
of the bill; but as there were but few Senators
in the Chamber when the morning business
was called he would suggest that it would per-
haps be best to receive it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
waiving this bill informally for that purpose.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judieinry, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 791) to amend the existing laws in re-
lation to the jurisdiction of the circuit courts of
the United States, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
821) to prohibit secret sales or purchases of
gold or bonds oil account of the United States
and for other purposes, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iam directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1456) to.authorize
the importation of machinery, for repair only,
free of duty, to report in favor of it. I think
there will be no objection to its passage now.
It is a small bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That cannot be done
now. I have a hill regularly before the Sen-
ate, but have given way informally to allow
the introduction of morning business.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of Montana Terri-
tory in favor of an appropriation for the relief
of the Montana Historical Society, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion ; which was agreed to.
coast survey report.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directedby the
same committee, to whom was referred the
resolution to print the report of the superin-
tendent of the United States coast survey for
the year 1868, to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage, and as it is
the usual resolution on that subject I ask for
its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed of the report of the
Superintendent of tho United States Coast Survoy
for the year 186$, one thousand copies extra tor the
us« of the Senate, and one thousand copies for dis-
tribution by tho Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
report of indian commission.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the resolution to print extra
copies of the report of the Indian commission
of January 7,18(58, have directed me to report
itwithout amendment, and recommend its pas-
sage ; and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to as follows:
lieeolved, That one thousand copies of tho report
of tho Indian commission of January 7, 1868, bo
piintcd for tho use of tho Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 018) explanatory of the act of July 25,
18GC,'granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad in California to Portland,
in Oregon ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 919) to grant the right of way to the Mem-
phis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad and Tele-
graph Company, from El Paso, Texas, to the
Pacific ocean ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
pay of depots collectors.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill in
regard to deputy collectors.
The motion was agreed to ; and tlie Senate,
as in Committee of tho Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 1812) to allow
deputy collectors and assessors of internal
revenue acting as assessors, the pay of col-
lectors and assessors.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to strike out all of the original
bill after the enacting clause in the following
words:
That any deputy collector of internal revenue or
assistant assessor ot internal revenue, who has per-
formed, or may hereafter perform, under authority
or requirement of law, the duties of collector of in-
ternal revenue or assessor of internal revenue, in
consequence of any vacancy in the office of such col-
lector or assessor, or on account of the suspension
from duty or temporary disability from sickness or
other causo of such collector or assessor, shall be
entitled to and receive the same pay and compensa-
tion as is provided for such collectors or assessors in
their districts respectively,' but no such payment
shall in any case bo made when the collector or
assessor has received or may be paid compensation
for services rendered during the same period of time.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That any deputy collector of internal revenue who
has performed, or may hereafter perform, under au-
thority or requirement of law, the duties of collector
of internal revenue in conscquonce of any vacancy
in the office of such collector, shall be entitled to and
receive so much of the same pay and compensation aa
is provided by law forsuch collector; but no such pay-
ment shall in any case be made when the collector
has received, or is entitled to receive, compensation
for services rendered during the same period of time.
And be it .further enaotedf That those persons who
held the office of distillery inspector on the 2d of
March, 1867, and who continue to perform the duties
of that office in ignorance of the repeal of the statute
creating it, be paid at the rate of five dollars per day
for such time prior to April 1, 1867, as they wero
actually employed; the amount so' paid to be ap-
proved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenuo,
and paid out of the appropriation for assessing ana
collecting tho internal revenue.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have noticed that in
the legislation heretofore when there has been
provision made for the payment of a man who
discharged the duties of one office while he held
another it has been expressly provided if he
has received the pay of the office that he really
does hold that must be deducted from any pay-
ment he may receive. I ask the Senator if
that ought not to be so in this case?
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; for this reason : un-
der the present law deputy collectors are not
paid from the Treasury of the United States ;
they are employed by the collectors and paid out
of their fees ; so that uuder existing law a dep-
uty collector now acting as collector receives
nothing, not even his expenses. The only
effect of this bill is to give hiin the pay of col-
lector when he performs the duty of collector
when there is no collector in existence. That
is all there is in the bill.
I will explain the second section. By the
act of March 2, 1867, we abolished the office
of whis'iy inspector, and it. took effect from its
passage. Several of these inspectors continued
to discharge the duties of their office during
the month of March without notice of the re-
peal of the law creating the office, and this
section provides for their payment during that
month.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator explain the
last clause of the first section ? It excludes
the deputy collectors from payment. The first
clause provides that the deputy collector in
case of vacancy in the office of collector shall
have the pay of collector; but the last clause
says he shall not have it when the collector
has it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are certain cases
of suspension and certain cases of temporary
vacancy where the collector receives his pay,
and then the collector is bound to pay his as-
sistant. It is only in cases where under the
tenure-of-office act and the failure of the Pres-
ident and the Senate to agree, where there is
is an absolute vacancy and the office is in abey-
ance, that we provide that the assistant col-
lector shall have the pay of collector ; because
while there is a collector lawfully employed he
is bound to pay his assistant collector. The
Treasury never pays the assistant collector
at all.
Mr. HOWE. I do not see how a collector
can receive pay when there is a vacancy in the
office of collector.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will study
the tenure-of-office bill he will find just such a
case.
Mr. HOWE. Not having had the advantage
of studying the tenure-of-office bill, being an
entire stranger to that, I supposed the Senator
could inform me how that case could occur.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are cases where a
collector is suspended where he is still entitled
to the fees of the office.
Mr. HOWE. That is not a vacancy in the
office.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is construed to be a
quasi vacancy in the office; at any rate, the
proviso only applies to those cases where the
officer is actually suspended.
Mr. HOWE. He does not have pay if sus-
pended.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is entitled to it under
the law.
Mr. HOWE. Not under the tenure-of-office
law, as I recollect it.
