THE'CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
December 15,
Mr. WA-SHBUENE j of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will permit me to amend the motion
by sending the bill to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
Mr. WOOD. I will acccpt.tke modification
to refer with instructions to that committee.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. Very well;
I demand the previous question.
Mr. PiiUYN. If the gentleman will allow
ms 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask a
separate vote on the motion.
Mr. WOOD. I insist on my original motion.
I suppose the gentleman was satisfied with his
amendment thai I accepted 1 •
Mr. PHUYN. If my colleague will allow
me, I have prepared, while the discussion has
been going on, an amendment to the general
bill referred to by the gentleman from Illinois,
which I think will cover this whole ground. I
ask my colleague to accept an amendment, to
recommit, with instructions to amend the act
approved July 27, 1861, by adding thereto the
following:
But if any such vouchers are not in the form ordi-
narily in use in thQ War Department, or do not
sirictly correspond with the regulations prescribed
by or in pursuance of law, the amount of any such
vouchors may ba allowed and paid on such evidence
thai, tliey are jutat and correct as may be satisfactory
to llie Secretary of the Treasury. This act, and the
act hereby amended, shall apply to the city of New
York, and to any costs, charges, and expenses in-
curred by it for any of the objects or purposes above
mentioned.
Mr. WOOD. I accept the amendment of
my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till the morning
hour of to-morrow.
By unanimous consent the hill and amend-
ments were ordered to be printed, together with
the report, of the committee.
Mr. SCHIiNCK. I move to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
Al.LEGUD ELECTION FRAUDS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consont,
announced the appointment of the following
select, committee ordered by the House on
alleged election frauds in New York:
Messrs. Lawrexce of Ohio, Dawes of
Massachusetts, UrAin, of Michigan, Dickey
of Pennsylvania, Hopkins of Wisconsin, Mar-
shall of Illinois, and Hubbaud of Connec-
ticut.
columbian institution.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a report of the receipts
and expenditures of tho Columbian Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb from June, 1857,toJuly
1, 1808; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
message 1'boh tub senate.
a message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one ot its clerks, announced that that body
had directed the return to the House, agree-
ably to its request, joint resolution of the House
(H. R. No. 832) authorizing the appointment
of examiners to examine and report upon the
expediency of discontinuing the navy-yard at
Charlestown, Massachusetts, and uniting the
same with the yard at Kittery, Maine.
pension and patent offices.
Ihe SPEAKER cuso laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting letters from the Commis-
sioner of Pensions and the Commissioner of
Patents relative to the need of greater accom-
modations tor their respective offices, and rec-
ommending the purchase of a building suitable
for the purpose contiguous to the Department;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
BlSBUnSEMKNTS OF "WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
relative to the amounts disbursed by that De-
partment from June 30, 1805, to June 30,1806 ■
which was referred to the Committee on the
Expenditures of the War Department, and
orJeied to be printed.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the vote is taken
on the motion to go to business on the Speaker's
table I desire to state that after consultation
with the Committee of Ways and Means I pro-
pose to give notice that on the 6th of Janaary
I-shall move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the first special
order, which is the tariff bill. Considering
that to-morrow is likely to be the only day for
work this week, inasmuch as there are to be
some announcements made on Thursday and
Friday, and we shall hardly have a quorum on
Saturday, it has been thought advisable not to
make a'motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on that special
order at this time or before the holidays, and
I therefore give this notice that all may be pre-
pared. I will yield, however, to my colleague
on the committee from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Moorhead,] who desires to make another
motion.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman yields
time for the purpose of moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tariff bill. The bill has been
before the country for sometime. Itisprinted,
and it was before the House last session, and
it. was agreed upon that it would be the first
thing in order in Committee of the Whole, and
would be taken up whenever we could get into
Committee of the Whole. I am satisfied the
country expects us to act upon the bill, and I
was in hopes we could pass it through before
the holidays. I therefore make the motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am perfectly willing
that the sense of the House shall be taken on
that motion.
Mr. BROOKS. For the purpose of under-
standing this matter, with the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, let me ask the gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania what bill he expects
to bring up in Committee of the Whole :
whether it be the short, bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means last session and
now in Committee of the Whole, or whether it
be the very long bill of which he had custody
in the Committee of Ways and Means as a sub-
committee ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would inform the gen-
tleman that my motion is to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The short bill, as lie styles it,, is the bill that is
pending in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and of course we shall
take up that bill. 'That is my motion, and that
is my expectation.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to take it up for -action before the re-
cess ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. To take it up at onee
for debate and amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope that will not be done.
There are so many interests concerned in the
tariff and connected with the tariff that while
an announcement is very proper of what is
intended to be done in regard to it after the
holidays, it would be very improper, in the
present unprepared state of the country, to take
up the tariff bill now and act upon it without
any consultation with our constituents, when
those constituents have forgotten the bill and
all the details of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the bill. The short tariff bill, as
it is called, was referred t,o the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. When
the House was last in Committee of the Whole,
before the adjournment in July, upon motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Mooriiead,] various bills anterior to it, were
laid aside one by one ; the bill was finally
reached, and the first paragraph was read for
amendment. Thatis the condition of the bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Moorhead's
motion ; and there were—ayes 60, noes 54.
Mr. ALLISON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mooii-
tuvap and Brooks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 77, noes 55.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 69, not
voting 48 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bowen, Boydcn, Boycr,
Broomall, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cal-
lis,Churchill, Reader VV. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn. Car-
ley, Covode, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Dock-
ery, Donnelly, Driggs,Eckley, Ela, Famsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield, Getz, Hal-
sey, Haughey, Heaton, lligby, Chester D. Hubbard,
Haiburd, Jenckcs, Alexander H. Jones, Kelley,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lash, George Y. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Kee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead. Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Newsham, Norris, O'Neill, Pcrham,
Pettis, Plants, Poland, Price, Prmce, Randall, Rob-
ertson, Scofield, Selye, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stevens. Sypher, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Twicheli, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Vidal, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wlnttemorc, John T.Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Windora—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer,
Axtcii, Baker, Barues, Barnaul, Beck, Bromweli,
Brooks, Burr. Benjamin F. Butler, Cary, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Egglcston, Glossbren-
ner, Golladay, Gravely, Grovcr, Holinan, Hooper,
Hopkins. Uotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey. Hunter, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kerr, Knott, Loan, Marshall, McCulloch,
Morrissey, Munscen, Neweomb, Niblaek.Orth. Peters,
Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross, Schenck,
Sitgreaves, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Stover, Taber,
Taffe, Tiff., Lawrence S. Trimble, VanAernara, Van
Tiump, Van Wyck, William Williams, James JF.
Wilson, Wood. Woodward, and Young—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. DelosR. Ashley, Baldwin,
Benjamin, Blackburn. Boles, Buckland, Ciitt, Cor-
nell, Dolano, Dodge. Edwards, Eldridge, Eliot, Fox,
Goss. Gove, Griswold, Haight, Hamilton, Harding:,
Hawkins, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingcrsoil, Kel-
logg, Kelicy, Liillin, Logan, McCormick, Nictiolson,
Nunn, Paine, Pierce, Polsley, Pomeroy, ilauni,
Roots, Sawyer, Shanks, Shollabarger, Thomas, Jo.in
Trimble, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Waid,
Cadwaladcr O. Washburn, Thomas Williams, and
Woodbtidse—48.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the House bill No. 1349,
to increase the revenuefrom duties on imports,
and tending to equalize exports and imports.
The following paragraph of the bill was
under consideration:
That from and after the passage of this act, in lieu
of the duties heretofore imposed by law on the
articles hereinatter mentioned, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid on the articles herein enumer-
ated and provided for, imported from foreign coun-
tries, the following specified duties and rates of duty,
tbatistosay: on all copper imported m the iormot
ores, thrco cents on each pound of tine copper con-
tained therein; on all regulus of copper, and on all
black orcoarse copper, four cents on each pound of
fine copper contained therein; on all old copper fit
only for remanufaeture, fourcentsperpound; on all
copper in plates, bars, ingots, pigs, and in other forms
not manufactured or herein enumerated, five cents
per pound.
The CHAIRMAN.* The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] is entitled to the floor
for the remainder of his hour, ten minutes of
his time having been occupied by the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Pike] when this bill was
last under consideration.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhead] has
been omnipotent in this House in arresting all
other business, and securing a monopoly of
legislation for his own State. No matter what
may be the public necessities, no matter what
great interests of the country press upon the
attention of Congress, Pennsylvania appears
here and demands instant attention to her own
pai ticular interests, as set forth in the bill now
before this committee.
Now, I am not prepared at this time for this
discussion. Not expecting the bill to come up
to*day I have not here the material necessary
for stating properly my views upon this subject,
which T had collected at the tune the session
closed in July last. But if I am pressed to do
it, I suppose I shall have to go on, as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,]
however courteous he may be in regard to other
matters, is most certain to be discourteous in
