1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOEE.
-regard to those particular matters in which
Pennsylvania is interested.
Before I go any farther, I would like to know
if the Chair will sustain a point of order which
I will raise. The honorable gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] introduced yesterday a
resolution, the seeming object of which was to
oust six anti-tariff members of Congress from
the city and suburbs of New York. The point
I desire to make is, that the gentleman from
Ohio, in collusion with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania—I mean nothing offensive by that
statement—is seeking to disfranchise the great
city of New York and its people, and to drive
out of this House six anti-tariff members.
And I wish to proceed to discuss that question
rather than the bill now before us ; aud to show
that that ought not to be done, and cannot be
done in the manner proposed by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, I submit to the decision
of the Chair the question whether, under prece-
dents established in this House, such latitude
of discussion will be allowed in Committee of
the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can make no
ruling in advance. If any remarks submitted
by the gentleman should be objected to by any
member, as oat of order, the Chair will then
rule upon the question.
Mr. BROOKS. My impression is that in
the Committee of the Whole I am justified by
the practice in discussing almost anything.
Therefore I proceed to say that " money is the
root of all evil"-—not an original remark, to
be sure; but money is the root of the evil in
the proposition of the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moorhead,] and in
the allied proposition of the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. MULL1NS. I rise to correct the gen-
tleman from New York. The proper quotation
is, " the love of money is the root of all evil."
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, one of the
great means of corrupting the public mind and
of corrupting popular elections is money, and
money is obtained by monopolies; and the
monopoly of the tariff, giving bounties of thirty,
forty, fifty, or one hundred per cent., is the most
dangerous and mischievous of all monopolies.
Underlying all the frauds and corruptions in
elections is always money ; and when i say that
nearly or quite live hundred thousand dollars,
as I think will be established by an investigation
of this matter, was contributed by the Union
League of the city of New York, in collusion
with the Union League of the city of Philadel-
phia—these organizations being made up
mainly of iron men and steel men, I mean
steel, not steal, for the latter expression might
be offensive—to corrupt the elections and to
carry the State of Indiana and the State of
Ohio, as well as the State of Pennsylvania, and
more than all, to carry the naturally anti-tariff
State of Maine, as well as other States, I utter
a fact too well known to the people of New
York and the people of the city of Philadel-
phia, where these contributions were made in
immense sums. I have a partial list here be-
fore me which I could read at some length,
but it is unnecessary.
But before 1 proceed to the discussion of that
question, I wish to proclaim to the country that
the grand jury of the city of New York has had
under examination the subject of the corrup-
tions practiced by these Union Leagues of
Philadelphia and New York, and has prepared
a paper subjecting to indictment some men
whose names are among the most eminent in
this country. Let me add further, that an
honorable Senator from my own State, who
has contributed immense sums of money to
carry the State of New York, if not other
States, introduced yesterday in the Senate a
proposition corresponding with that of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
kknce, ] but not calling for the appointment of
a committee. Yet that honorable Senator,
when summoned before the grand jury of New
York to appear and give testimony whicn
would show the immense sums of money he
had contributed,, twice refused to answer to
the process of the court, and only escaped tes-
tifying by leaving the city, or by availing him-
self of his privilege as a member of Congress.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to ask the gentle-
mail a question.
Mr. BROOKS. I prefer not to be interrupted.
Mr. MYERS. 1 would like to aak the gen-
tleman whether the Senator to whom he refers
is one of the three New York State senators
who voted in Philadelphia last October?
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, another gentleman who
hascontributedimmense sums ofmoney to carry
these elections is a prominent member of one
of the largest dry-goods houses.
Mr. MYERS. 1 rise to a point of order.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, I expected that I should
be offensive to the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MYERS. I just now asked the gen-
tleman from New York, who has been allowed
a large latitude of discussion, whether the
Senator 
Mr. RANDALL. That is not a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman willstate
his point of order.
Mr. MYERS. My point of order is that the
gentleman from New York is not discussing
the question before the committee. As the
gentleman refuses to answer questions in rela-
tion to the matter that he is bringing before
the House, I clearly have the right to confine
him to the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not find
that this bill has been made a special order in
committee, and therefore more latitude of
debate is allowed than otherwise would be.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I think the Chair has
not examined the record.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be cor-
rected; but on examination at the Clerk's desk
he is so informed. His recollection is, that
this bill was taken up by laying aside all the
bills precediug it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. That was the case; but
in reply to an inquiry I made of the Speaker
before the House adjourned he said this was a
special order in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Il is proper, there-
fore, that the dibcussiou should be confined to
the bill. 1 do not wish to cut off discussion
of the bill itself. I would be glad to have
legitimate discussion ; but when I find gentle-
men are disposed to ramble into general poli-
tics, as my eloquent friend from New York has
done, I shall insist that the}' shall be confined
to the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is stating
no point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is stat-
ing his recollection of the record.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Lot us have the record
read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed,
from the Clerk's desk, there is no record that it
is a special order, and the gentleman from New
York will therefore proceed.
Mr. BROOKS. At the head of the com-
mittee of investigation of the Li nion League of
New York appears the name of William E.
Dodge, a gentleman well known upon this floor,
who procured from Geoghegan a certain amount
of testimony which took me off the floor of the
House and installed him here as Represent-
ative of a district which subsequently sent me
back by near six thousand majority, and sent
me back again by a majority approximating
twelve thousand.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
see any pertinency in these remarks to what is
before the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the courtesy of the
House will indulge me at some future time. ^ 1
did not expect to get further than an honoranle
Senator. I expected to be stopped here; but
I have much richer testimony, which 1 hope, in
the course of human events, to get before the
House. The indictment of that grand jury will
show some of the richest election developments
of the century.
Mr. BROOKS then proceeded to discuss the
tariff. [See Appendix.]
Mr. WOOD. I move that the committee
rise. - . . ;
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee r.ose; and Mr. WtLS0jJ,,0f
Iowa, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Dawes reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, ,
•having had under consideratioriihe state ofihe tf
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H. *
R. No. 1849) to increase the revenue fr&m
duties on imports and tending to- equalize
exports and imports, had come-to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the House
again resolve itself into the Committee of the
AVhole on the state of the Union on the bill (H.
R. No. 1349;) and, pending that motion,.1 move
tbatdebate on the pending paragraph-be limited
to one hour.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will not
press his motion at this time. There is im-
portant business before the House whichshould
be disposed of to-day, as it is understood to-
morrow will be the last day for business before
the holidays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 66.
So the House refused to close debate.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to go into committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 64, not voting
64; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, jiktir,
Boutwell, Boydcn, Broomall, Buckland, Roderick
R. Butler, Cake, (Jallis, Churchill, Cobb, Corley, Co-
vode, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery,
Driggs, Eckley, Bdwards, El a, Ferris*, Ferry, .Froilcb,
Goss, Gove, Griswold, iialsey, iiaughey, Heaton,
Higby, Caester D. Hubbard, llulburd, Hunter,
.1 Clickes, Alexander IX. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kol-
sey, Kctckaia, Koontz, Labii, George V, Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin,
Maynard, MeCaithy, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
bead, Morrell, Muiiinb, Alyei>, KewBhaiu, Houls,
O'Ke til, Pettis,Pi.nits,Poland,Price, Randall, Ra urn,
Robertson, Seofield, Selye, Slianks, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Taylor, Tiowbridge, Twiehell,
W.ud, Klihu B. W'asliburne, Henry D. Washbuin,
"William B. Washburn, Welkor,Wliittomore,,William
Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen Jb\ Wilson, and
W oodbridge—-93.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Baker,
Baines, Bamuiu, Beatty, Bock, Benjamin, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Oary, Ctianler, Cult, Cook, Cuiloni,
Donnelly, Eldridge, Getz, G-lossbrenner, Goliaduy,
Grover, Hawkins, Holmaii, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotcti-
kiss, Richard D. Hubbaid, Humphrey, Johnson,
ThoinasL. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott,
Loan, Mallory, Alaibball, MeConmck, MeUutlough,
jMewcoinb, Niblaek, Ortb, Pertiam, Phelps, Pike, Pile,
Pruyn, ltoss, Seiienck, Sitgrcaves, Stewart, Stone,
Stover, Tab er,'lit t, Lawrence S. Trimble, V nn Trump,
James K. Wilson, Wood,Woodward, and Youug—til.
MOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Ainell,
Delos R. Asliley, Axtell, Blackburn, Boles, Bowen,
Bromwell, Buckiaud, Benjamin P. Butler, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cornell, Delano,
Dodge, ilggleaton, jbJliot, farnsworth, Fields, If ox,
Gailield, Gravely, Maight, Hamilton, Harding, Hill,
Asabel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Larim, Lincoln, Lo-
gan, MeKee, Morrissey, Mungeu, Nicholson, jNuun,
Paine, l'etcrs, Pierce, Polsley, Pomcroy, Prince, Rob-
inson, Roots, Sawyer, Shellaba-rger, Smith, Stokes,
Syplier, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Upson, Van
Aernam, Van Auken, Burt \ an Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwaladcr 0. Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, and Windom—61.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the tariff bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Globe discloses the
fact that oil the 13th of July last, when this
bill was under consideration m the House, the
debate was closed in two hours.
The first paragraph of the bill was read, as
follows:
That from and after the passage of this act, in lieu
of the duties heretofore imposed by law on t lie artic) ls
horeinatter mentioned, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on the articles herein enumerated
and provided for, imported iroul foreign countries,
the following specified duties and rates of duty, tiuit
is to say : on all copperimportedm the form ot ores,
three cents on cacti pound of line copper contained
therein; on all regulus of copper, aud on all bla-cls
or coarse copper, tour cents on each pound or line
copper contained therein ; on all old copper lit only
for remauufaeture, four cents per pound; on alieop-
per in plates, bars, ingots, pigs, and in other lei-ma
not manufactured or herein enuiaeraceu, five oents
por pound.
