1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1801
ject. I had expected the Senator from Ohio
to be here and explain it more fully.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the peculiar neces-
sity for having a post office belonging to the
United States in the town of Springfield, Ohio?
It is an ordinary county town, of Clark county,
I believe.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a town, I understand,
of fifteen or sixteen thousand inhabitants, in
which there will be economy in buying this
building as compared with the rent now paid
for the post office.
Mr. CONNESS. I was opposed to this
amendment when it was first proposed in the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads;
but from the statement made to me by Mr.
Shellabauger, of the other House, who is a
very careful man and a good legislator, I be-
came entirely satisfied that it was an econom-
ical measure and a saving of money to the Gov-
ernment. The sum appropriated is small and
the property will answer all the purposes of a
post office.
Mr. RAMSEY. The letter of Mr. Shella-
barger addressed to the Post Office Depart-
ment will make the matter very clear.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the committee
were at first opposed to it, but subsequently
they agreed to recommend the proposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
For commencement of post office and sub-Treasury
building at Boston, Massachusetts. $200,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think no notice
was given of that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we are not going
to put on this bill appropriations to build post
offices all over the country. We just had one
from Springfield—I disliked to divide the Sen-
ate upon it—a little town in Ohio. You pro-
pose to build a post office there. If it is done
there it will be done in every other place. We
have a dozen sjich towns in my State. Is the
Government going to build a Government
house for the accommodation of post offices at
all these towns?
Mr. GRIMES. It is because Mr. Shella-
barger wants it!,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose Mr. Shella-
barger does want it, what of that? If we com-
mence that we shall not finish this appropria-
tion bill this session it is certain. I hope these
amendments will not prevail.
Mr. CONNESS. The question before us is
on the amendment making an" appropriation
for Boston. ^ Do I understand a point of order
to be raised upon it?
' Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire whether
it has been referred ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator is aware that
a large and expensive lot was purchased in the
city of Boston.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But was notice
given of this amendment ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Notice was given.
Mr. POMEROY. Do 1 understand the
Senator to say that it passed the Post Office
Committee?
Mr. CONNESS. I never heard of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The committee was con-
sulted informally.
Mr. CONNESS. I never heard of it before.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to know
what this means. I do not think my commit-
tee has had any notice of it. It did not come
to my personal attention.
Mr. RAMSEY. Notice was placed ou the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire
whether any notice has been given to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations?
Mr. RAMSEY. The notice was placed on
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
"placed?"
Mr. RAMSEY. Offered ia open Senate
today.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That will not do.
Mr. POMEROY. My iuquiry was whether
the Post Office Committee had authorized it?
Mr. MORPJLL, of Maine. It is not in
order. No notice has been given.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The Senator from Maine raises
a question of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the
question of order that no notice such as the
rule requires has been given to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend from
Maine will not raise that point of order on this
proposition. The appropriation is needed:
the land has been purchased at a large outlay;
the plans are already made; the whole ques-
tion has been considered again and again most
carefully; architects are engaged 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will allow me to suggest that this amendment
wonld be a great deal more proper on the mis-
cellaneous bill which will come in to-morrow;
and notice of it can be given at the present
time.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Ifitcangoon
the miscellaneous bill I do not care about its
going on here. I only want it passed.
Mr. GRIMES. It can be put on the Army
bill with the other Massachusetts matter,
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is out of order.
Mr. CONNESS. I offerthe following amend-
ment to come in as an additional section :
And be it further enacUd, That it ahfill not be law-
ful for the Postmaster General to make any steam-
ship or other new contract for carrying the mails on
the sea for a longer period than ten year?, nor for
any other compensation than the sea and inland
postages on the mails so transported by steamships
built and registered in the United States: and every
contract made under this act shall reserve to the
United States the right to reduce the rates of postage
at any time during the continuance of such contract
without giving to the contractor any right to any
claim for damages or indemnity: but in any such
contract to be made the United States shall reserve
the right to send its agents over any such line free
of aDy charge whatever.
I wish to say in regard to this amendment
that it changes the existing law only in one
respect, and that as to one word, inserting
"ten" for "'two." The,Postmaster General
now, under the act of June II, lrf-58, has the
right to make these contracts for ocean service,
but that act says they shall not extend beyond
two years. This gives him authority to make
such contracts for a period of ten years upon
the same conditions ; provided, however, that
he is not at liberty, as now, to contract that
the American mails may be carried by foreign
ships, but they shall be ships of American build
and register, and the carriage shall be for the
sea and inland postages.
Mr. GRIMES. How much do they amount
to between here and Europe?
Mr. CONNESS. That would depend entirely
on the amount of mail carried at the time.
Mr. GRIMES. But what is the average
amount ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Seven or eight hundred
thousand dollars now.
Mr. CONNESS. They would not get all
that. The ships would get what was ready to
be transported at the time they were about to
sail. It is a measure proposing to encourage
the introduction of American ships into the
Atlantic trade, not in favor of any particular
person or company, because the Postmaster
General may contract with any American ship-
builder and ship-owner that he sees fit.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend this amend-
ment by adding the following section:
Skc. —. And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
pose of encouraging the construction md employ-
ment of American steamships and restoring ocean
commerce under the American flag all money re-
ceived by the United States from the ocean and inland
postage on foreign mail matter carried between the
United States and Europe, to an amount not exceed-
in? $2,fl00 000 annually. is hereby set apart for the
period of ten year?, and is authorized to be paid and
expended as heroimilter provided.
Skc.—. And be it further enacted. That the Post-
master General is hereby authorised and directed to
contract with responsible citizens of the United States
foi the transportation of the foreigu mails of the
United States in American steamships for a term not
exceeding ten years, on such conditions and with such
limitations as will secure the fall and faithful per-
formance of such contracts, between ports of the
United States and ports in Europe: and be shall con-
tract for the performance of the aforesaid service by
not less than foar and not more than sixteen steam-
ships in ail. and for not less than k>ur and not more
than eight departures monthly from New York, and
for not less than two and not more than four depart-
ures monthly from Boston, the days and time of
departures to bo fixed by the Postmaster General.
Said steamships shah be of not less than twenty-eight
hundred tons, register measurement, and shall be
wholly owned by citizens of the United States. They
shall class A 1 at * American Lloyds" and by one of
the marine inspectors ot three of the marine insur-
ance companies in either of the cities of the United
States from which the said steamers may run. Their
speed &hall be equal to the average speed of steam-
ships of similar size and class now or hereafter em-
ployed between the United States and Europe. They
shall carry all mail matter offered by the Post Office
Department, but the United States shall receive all
postages therefrom. The owners of said steamships
shall furnish passage free of compensation for all
diplomatic and other agents of the Government of
the United States when requested by the proper De-
partment. The Postmaster General shall pay from
the money provided by the first section of this act
to the owners of said steamships for each round voy-
age to Europe and back a sum not exceeding $20,000:
Provided, That the amount derived from postages
under this act shall be sufficient therefor; and if not
sufficient, then such sum as may bederived from said
postages shall be apportioned ratably for each steam-
ship for each round voyage: Provided, hotcever, That
the deficiency of any one voyage may be made up
from the excess of any at any time daring the con-
tinuance of any contract made in accordanee with
this act.
Sec. —. A nd be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Navy is hereby authorized, in time of
war or of public danger, to take possession of an^r
or all steamships employed under the provisions of
this act and use them in the service of the United
States: and the owners shall bepaida fair compensa-
tion for any steamship so taken and for any loss or
damage they may suffer thereby.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That all actsar.d
parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby re-
pealed.
[ Mr. CHANDLER. If any action is taken
on any steamship line, or any arrangement for
carrying mail matter by ocean, steamers, I hope
the measure now offered will pass. It was con-
sidered very carefully by the Committee on
Commerce and unanimously reported from that
committee, and I think it a good bill and hope
it will pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here is a very import-
ant provision regulating the whole mail service
between this country and Europe, as I suppose.
It has been considered by the Committee on
Commerce, as we are informed by its chair-
man, and bethinks it a good bill. The Senate
has never considered it. It is just read here
now for the first time ; and is it right—I ask the
Senator from Michigan who reports this bill—is
it right-at this hour of the night and so near
the close of the session to introduce so import-
ant a feature as this on an appropriation bill ?
I know it is in order under our rules, but ought
it to be put upon a bill merely appropriating
money to carrv on the postal service?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; Idonotthinfc
it is right: but I think it is just as germane as
the amendment of the Senator from California.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is as germane
as that, but I hope it will not be persisted in.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, sir; I will with-
draw the amendment I offered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would like to pass this
measure on its merits, and it ought to pass.
Mr. WILSON. It has been reported by the
Committee on Commerce. I believe it to be
a good, honest, and just measure in every re-
spect, and I think if it be passed we shall
again revive, or rather more than revive, we
shall establish, on the north Atlantic steamship
lines carrying the American flag. There is no
job in it. It simply appropriates the sea post
a<res and land postages for that purpose. They
will not at the present time amount to probably
a million dollars a year, something between
nine hundred thousand and a million dollars
in the aggregate. That will probably be soon
increased. Itisa fair, open movement, and
I think an honest one. I think it will put an
end to all schemes and arrangements from
whatever quarter they may come, and I cer-
tainly think it an honest and fair proposition,
and one that it will be for the interest of the
whole country to adopt.
Mr. CONNESS. There is only one little
irregularity about this measure, and that is
