1868.
mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9n
off that which, while it is a tax, affords no pro-
tection to the capital invested in copper min-
ing and no stimulant to the development of
our, widely diversified copper regions.
The CHAIRMAH. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment. - : ' : '
Mr, DiliGGS: I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last two lines. First,
in reply to mj friend from the State of Maine,
[Mr. Pike,J-who asks whether it is fair togive
further.protection to copper to the detriment of
the shipping interests of his State, allow me to
-.say thatitis fair-that cofiper, whichnowhas only
;i'rom five .to seven per cent, protection, should
have a protection somewhat in keeping with that
afforded to.other articles. .
. Mr. PIKE. It now has ^protection of thirty-
five per .cent.
Mr. DRIGGS. The article hasnownotover
seven per cent., the article being worth in the
market about twenty-three cents per pound,
and the present tariff being three cents per
pound.
Air. PIKE. That is the tariff on the ore,
Mr. DRIGGS. I know of what I am speak-
ing. I mean the pure copper in the ore. The
duty is now but three or four cents per pound,
and all we ask in this bill is a duty of five
cents. This bill proposes to impose a specific
duty of five cents per pound on pure copper
contained in the ore. The article is worth in
the market about twenty-three cents per pound.
. I desire to state to the House, and members
'may rely upon the correctness of my informa-
tion on this point, that of about one hundred
mines in' the Lake Superior region there are
only about eleven now being worked ; and the
reason is that they have to pay on the iron and
steel that they use in their drills and other ma-
chinery about fifty per cent., while the duty on
copper is only about seven per cent. I should
like to know how gentlemen can pretend that
.there is anything fair in such a discrimination
against an important American interest. We
ask a duty of only about twenty-two per cent.
We are in favor of duties upon other articles
requiring protection, but we do not think there
is any justice in the present low duty on cop
per, nor does this House think so, judging by
the vote the other day on the special bill upon
this subject.
My friend from Maryland [Mr. Phelps]
feels an interest in the smelting works at Bal-
timore, and it is proper enough that he should
defend the interests of his constituency ; but I
would say to him that if that particular branch
of industry cannot live without crushing im-
portant American interests the persons con-
cerned in - it had better find some other busi-
ness. The gentleman desires that a drawback
shall be allowed upon every ton of imported
copper mixed with two tons of American ore,
thus practically bringing in the foreign copper
free. Of the twelve thousand tons consumed
in 1865 but three thousand were imported, the
Lake Superior region producing nearly nine
thousand tons. With the small protection now
proposed—only about one half that given to
many other articles of American production—
the Lake Superior mines can produce all the
copper that is needed in the country, saying
nothing about the production in other States,
of which my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
ICkllet] lias spoken. My friend from New
Mexico [Mr. Clever] represents a district of
country rivaling the Lake Superior region in
reference to the production of this metal.
Hence, the duty proposed in this bill is for the
protection, not of the Lake Superior region
alone, but of the copper interest throughout the
United States. Tins bill, going further than
the measure already passed, proposes to give
protection to manufactured copper. We have
no objection to that or to any other just pro-
vision of the bill.
I desire to make a single additional remark,
that the copper of South America is produced
very cheaply by peon labor, and should not be
permitted to come into ruinous competition
with that produced by the free labor of this
country. .
40th Cong. 3d Sfss.—No. t.
Mr. TWICHELL. I offei- <as a substitute
for the pending amendment the following: ■
Add at the end of the paragraph these words:
Provided, That copper used lit the manufacture
'of vessels shall bo admitted free of duty. . .
I trust that this amendment, will be satisfac-
tory to the Representatives from Michigan as
well as those from Maine.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment just offered, and in
doing so l wish to make a few general remarks
upon the subject of copper.'
1 -The Committee of-Way $ and Means found
considerable: difficulty' inadjusthig this ques-
tion so as to "please at the same time the Michi-
gan copper miners and the manufacturers of
copper in the Bast; but I am very clear in my
recollection that when the question was before
the committee last summer it was shown that
the increase of the duty on copper ore, as pro-
vided for in this bill, would not affect in any
way the manufacturer of copper. In other
words, it was shown before the committee that
there was no manufactured copper imported
into this country ; that those gentlemen in Bal-
timore and in other sections of the Union who
manufacture copper have an entire monopoly
of this business.
Now, the proposition is to increase the duty
upon the manufactured copper ten per cent.
ad valorem, and they offer as an excuse for
that that we have increased the duty upon copper
ore. I submit, Mr. Chairman, that this increase
of duty, even if the first paragraph of this bill
is permitted to become law, will not have the
effect m any way to retard the manufacturers
of copper in this country, for they have now
absolutely the monopoly of this manufacture.
The only effect of this will be to vote this much
more into the pockets of the men who manu-
facture copper, and to take this much out of
the pockets of the men who consume copper
in ship-building or any other business. I main-
tain, sir, there is no necessity for this increase
of duty upon the manufactured article. Cer-
tainly we have heard no good reason urged for
it so far in this debate.
Now, with reference to the drawback on cop-
per used in ship-building, 1 know of 110 reason
why a shipbuilder should have drawback any
more than any consumers ofcopperin my coun-
try in the shape of copper wire and copper
coil. That is all I have to say on that point.
One word more in reference to the general
subject of this bill. I regret that this tariff
bill has been brought before us prematurely
rather than have followed the suggestion of the
chairman ofthe Committeeof Ways and Means,
that the whole subject should be postponed
until the 6tli of January next, when the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury could be ex-
amined by the House. Then we might have
had an opportunity of devising anew this bill,
increasing duties upon articles not embraced
in this bill, and reducing them upon articles
which now have too much.
Mr. Twichell's amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland
by striking out the last two lines.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maryland is substantially to allow
smelters to import duty free one ton of foreign
copper ore on condition that they use two tons
of native ore in connection with it. I see no
necessity for such a provision, for we have suf-
ficient native ore for all smelting purposes.
The argument is made that it is necessary to
have some part of foreign ore as a flux for the
native ore. That is sufficiently answered by
the smelting operations in my own State and
in my own district. There the ore is smelted,
and smelted successfully, using the native ore
alone. It is successfully carried on there, and
can be everywhere else without the importa-
tion of foreign ore. The introduction of copper
ore from Cuba and Chili only serves to come
into competition with the production of our
own mines. I trust, therefore, the arnend-
. meat of ths gentleman from .Maryland wilt not
be'adopted, afrit is in direct c'ontraventioh 'ist
the principle of this bill, which is to develop
oar material resources. ' -We should not En-
courage the principle contemplated- by this
amendment of bringing in copper free of; duty
from foreign ports.
Mr. PHELrS. Is it not the fa'el that this
amendment, by admitting one -toti of. copper
ore from abroad free of auty 'on' condition of
its being used with two tons of native copper
ore will stimulatfetheproduction- of native' ore?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do"ndt:"So understand
it.". ■ The proper encouragement td>the do-
mestic mines would be to have the three tons
of native ore and not one of foreign to two of
native ore. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew the amendment for the .
purpose of making a single remark. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee, in reply to the.gentle-
man from Iowa, indicated that the raising of
the tariff would not have the effect to raise the
price now. The manufacturers of copper come
before the Committee of Ways and Means and
solicit an additional percentage of ten per cent,
to be put in this bill; still they do not propose
it for the purpose of raising the tariff on man-
ufactured copper! Can the gentleman tell
me what the object is of protecting the manu-
facturers of copper? They come to the House
and solicit additional percentage, and still the
gentleman from Tennessee says to the gentle-
man from Iowa it has not the effect of raising
the .price! Why, what do these manufacturers
of copper want? Do they want a diminished
price? If they do. that is something within
their own power without any act of Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the gentleman
misapprehended the point of my .colleague on
the committee. He was'not seating a princi-
ple of political economy, but giving out what
lie supposed to be the fact, in which, however,
I do not coincide with him, that:all themanu-
factured copper used in this country was the
home product.
Mr. ALLISON. I will only say I had be-
fore me the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury showing that we do not import any
manufactured copper.
Mr. PIKE. I do not wish to discuss politi-
cal economy, but I certainly understood the
gentleman from Tennessee to say that raising
the duty would not raise the price. And that
view was enforced by the impressive manner
and exceedingly eloquent sentencesof the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.j who
insisted that the effect of an increased tariff is
not to enhance prices. The coiisumersof iron
and copper are told that by increasing the
tariff they do not thereby have to pay all in-
creased price for those articles. Now, sir, I
have been something of a tariff man in my day,
and I am to-day a tariff man, and I vote for a
tariff for the purpose of increasing the price.
I supposed that was one object of the tariff.
I see one of the leading manufacturers of
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Morbei.l,] giving me his
attention. I think he agrees with ine that we
want ail additional tariff on iron for the pur-
pose of increasing the price. He either wants
it for one purpose or the othei—for the pur-
pose of increasing the price or diminishing it.
If he wants it for the purpose of diminishing
it, I suggest to him that he does not need our
assistance. He can diminish the price any
day by the tariff of prices. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the proviso and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That copper in any form, used in ship-
building, find actually imported into the urntea
States i'or that purpose, shall be entitled to a draw-
back of twenty per cent, ad valorem. .
I am in favor of protecting the copper inter-
est, but I do not wish to discourage ship-buiid-
ing. I think this is a fair proposition for a
compromise between those two interests.
still leaves upon imported copper sheeting a
duty of twenty-five per cent. • If they do imp.0"
it for the purpose of using it m ship-builsmg
