1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
now protected against the barley, oats, and potatoes
of the provinces and of Canada? .Next wo should
have protected the owners of our peat bogs from the
competition of the anthracite of Pennsylvania, pre-
cisely as the nation has protected us against the com-
petition ot the cheap coal ot Nova Scotia. Oar next
step would have been to shut out the wool ot Ohio,
whero sunlight and jrood feed enable the farmers to
raise wool more cheaply than we can afford it upon
our Bei kshirc hills; precisely as Ohio has been pro-
tected by the nation against the yet cheaper wool of
South Afrca and South America. We would not
have admitted the textile fabrics of England then
any more than we would now, since it would have
been unwise to protect the wool and not the woollens.
"We could perhaps have admitted cottun duty free,
in order that we might share with England in the
prosperity which U said to ensue trom the export of
manufactured goods rather than ot raw materials.
Wewould have enacted that all our railroads should
be built of Berkshire iron, as it is now enacted that
most of our lailroach shall be built with Pennsyl-
vaniairon; and that the State flag, theg)oriou3sym-
bol of our independence, should be made, as it is
now, in the single factory owned by our distinguished
soldier, patriot, and legislator. Then from our own
iron and oak we would have constructed our own
eteamerwith boilers especially adapted to the use of
our own peat, and have granted her a subsidy from
the revenue collected on tea, coffee, and sugar, in
order that she might carry to the pauper laborer of
Europe an account of the glorious system of common
schools and tho noble position of the laborer in our
free Commonwealth. We could not, it is true, have
offered him an abundance of all that men require for
their grosser need; but, better than that, we could
have offered him protection for his labor and inde-
pendence as a citizen of a State which relied only
upon its own resources.
"We would also have said to him,fwe have freed
ourselves Irom that tyrant, gold, and with a better
and cheaper money we now carry on all our trans-
actions. Wehavo stamped the faith of the State
upon a piece of our own paper, made in our own
mills, printed in our own press, and declared to be a
legal tender for all debts due from ourown citizens.
"Thus free, independent, and proud Massachu-
setts would have stood forth as an example among
States. Her government would have protected labor
and fostered Massachusetts industry. Can any one
doubt that her commerce would have prospered or
that her steamers would have controlled the seas ?
"Would she not have established her independ-
ence apd protected her people from tho competition
of ignorant and pauper laborers? Would not her
farmers, her mechanics, her spinners, and weavers,
have earned high wages, and would not the great
accumulation of capital have secured to us lower
rates of interest than in any other country? Would
not our capital have been represented by money
made and secured upon tho faith of the State, which
the State would never permit to become so scarce as
to colnmand usurious interest?
"It will be said, and truly said, that the independ-
ence<hey secured would have been that of starva-
tion ; that no commerce worthy of the name could
have existed, and that no subsidy could have built
it up.
14 It may now be said, as truly, that our commerce
has been starved from the seas because our laws
have excluded from our ports the merchandise,
which is the food of commerce, as far as it has been
possible to do so.
" That Massachusetts is not in all respects in the
same condition as her commerce is duo to the fact
that free trade upon a continental scale has saved
her from the starvation of total independence. In-
tcr-dependence or free trado among communities
having apparently interests as opposite and antago-
nistic to each other as can be imagined—if different
conditions of soil aud climate presuppose antago-
nism—has saved Ma-ssachusctts from the disaster
which the laws regulating our foreign trade would
nave brought upon her. In the regulation or the
absence of regulation as to our internal c.immcrce
tho truth has been fully recognized that no com-
merce can permanently exist unless the exchange of
products bcneiits both parties in the transaction,
lhus when we send to Illinois our textile fabrics,
our boots and shoes, and our clothing, and take her
wheat and corrf, each State gets what it wants with
the expenditure of le® labor than would otherwise
be required.
It is true that we have raised the cost both of corn
and wheat by tho imposition of taxes cafied duties
upon the iron and steel whicb enter into the tools
and implements ot our husbandry,and we have also
raised the costof*our boots and shoes, our woolen
&n<[ cottongoods, and our clothing, by imposing taxes
cai ed duties upon the iron and steel which we also
use, as well as upon our leather, our coal, our starch,
ana our wool.
We have increased the cost of transportation by
taxes called duties upon railroad iron, andupoh every
article which enters into the cost of our locomotives
and our cars.
But this imposition of taxes only prevents our
exchange with other nations: it has simply resulted in
a geueral high cost, both of farm products and raan-
J"actures, and under the guise or pretext of a general
oenent it has simply confined our commerce within
SS£ own l^its and compelled us to conduct it at high
prices, with no benefit to any special class, except
wnere a representative of some special interest has
secured a heavier rate of tax upon his neighbor than
upon himself.
t. We have attempted a universal system of protec-
tion. and the only gain to any one results from its
JnfS? the loss is the loss of our foreign com-
juit a a partm* of our prosperity as a
A °.ttr committee cannot ask that afeeble attempt
i. I?.111!? t0 ™ake,the running of steamships
profitable by granting them a bounty from the pro-
ceeds of tne very taxes, by the unwise imposition
ot which the profitable use of steamships has been
destroyed.
"Rather would we urge upon Congress a complete
revision of the laws for the collection of revenue
known as tariff laws, and demand that such revision
foe made with a view to the collection of the revenue
only, and without regard to the claims of any special
interest for fostering care, bounty, or protection. We
believe that the law which results in protection to
one results in privation to another, and that it is not
the province of Government to lay taxes which inure
to the benefit of any one clas3 at the expense of
another."
Mr. GRIMES. I think that every member
of this body will agree with me that that is
very excellent reading, and that it is such as is
worthy of emanating from the distinguished
source whence ifceame—the committee on mer-
cantile affairs of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish my friend would
allow me to correct him there. I understand
that article is the production of a very excel-
lent gentleman, a personal friend of my own,
Mr. Atkinson, of Boston. It has not the offi-
cial sanction of a committee of the Legisla-
ture. The Legislature has spoken by the reso-
lutions which-1 have read.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not vouch for the au-
thenticity of the article. I stated when I intro-
duced it that I cut it from a newspaper. Nor
am I responsible for the change of "sentiment
that may.possibly have come over the minds
of the members of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts who may possibly have passed this
memorial on considerations which have been
presented to them since the report is
should we not. then, go forward anddowhatwe
can to pass them, each one withholding his sel-
fish scheme—I say it not invidiously, but selfish
in the sense of being local and particular in
its application and independent and' foreign
to the purposes of these bills.
Now, sir, I will wait and gee if this is to be
persevered in ; and if it is I will oifer a scheme
which I think should be adopted as an amend-
ment to this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree precisely with
what the Senator from New York,has said.
The committee has reported on this subject
and we have had it up two or three times in
the session. The chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads has succeeded
in getting the subject to the attention of the
Senate. Here is a proposition reported from
the Committee on Commerce that has never
been considered by the Senate at all. I do
not know ho* much consideration it had with
the committee, and I know that committee is
as capable of considering a proposition of this
character as any other committee; but to bring
in the subject herein this way looks to me only
like an effort to defeat an appropriation bill.
The Army appropriation bill lies sleeping be-
cause something was undertaken to be put on
to it that was not at all germane; aud this ap-
propriation bill if it be lost will be lost because
schemes-uot connected with any appropriation
are insisted vipon to deter us from voting on
the passage of the bill. I, too, if the Senator
from Massachusetts intends to persist in this
amendment, would like to move an amend-
ment as a substitute, and another Senator near
- , - 0-_ me has one; and these are propositions which
to have been made by the committee on raer- j1 have been considered in committee, reported
nnonfilo «s ff*Q t T Anln  i   j ♦ ii n , . -i •
chantile affairs. I only know that it is a better
speech on this subject than I could make: and
being opposed to the .amendment proposed by j
the Senator from Massachusetts, I thought I j
would substitute a Massachusetts argument or I
speech rather than one from Iowa. I
Mr. CONKL1NG-. Mr. President, it now I
wants less than a quarter of an hour of mid- |
night, and one day of the session remains. I j
submit to the honorable Senator from Massa- j
chusetts that he ought not to persevere in this i
amendment. It is the presentation of one of j
several schemes of kindred nature that have I
been reported favorably from the Committee i
on Post OrEces and Post Koads, In at least j
one of these my constituents are largely inter- j
ested. It is a scheme better, as I believe, for i
the country and the service than this. I have I
sent for the bill, and if the Senator will perse- \
vere I must offer it as an amendment to this ■
amendment in the nature of a substitute, and :
then we will prodeed to discuss the positive
and relative merits of these propositions. I
do this not with a view of antagonizing him
at all, but because if he'will persist in thrust-
ing upon appropriation bills a matter of this
sort, foreign and independent, grave and some-
what complicated in its nature, which ought to
be deliberately considered, of course I cannot
allow other interests equally meritorious pre-
senting propositions to be preferred, I think,
to this, to be estopped because in the haste
and snatch of the closing hours he succeeds
in putting upon an appropriation bill a provis-
ion of this sort.
I am sure if we are to go into this consid-
eration only fairly, only reasonably, it will
take hours to compare the merits of these dif-
ferent schemes; and I submit to my honorable
friend that it is not fair toward the rest of us.
It is not fair to attempt to do this without the
presentation of rival propositions; nor is it
fair to drive us to stay here all night when to-
morrow we shall very likely be compelled to
remain here all night at best, and when the
result at last is to be of no service to anybody.
If I thought the honorable Senator would lis-
ten to any appeal from me, I would respectfully
and earnestly expostulate with him against con-
tinuing this process, which I think is trifling,
and worse than trifling, with the appropriation
bills. They will fail at last, some of them, if
we all conspire to their consummation. Why
upon, considered in the Senate, voted upon in
I the Senate, where the whole question has been
considered in the Senate. 1 shall, of course,
have to bring my substitute to the attention of
the Senate and try to get a vote upon that.
Unless the Senator from Massachusetts chooses
to withdraw th® amendment I shall move an
amendment as a substitute.
Mr.. RAMSEY. I cali the attention of the
Senator from Massachusetts to the gross errors
of his bill although he informs us that the Com-
mittee on Commerce have considered it and
it is a most perfect bill. Look at the first sec-
tion of this measure of the Committee on Com-
merce; and this illustrates the propriety of
individuals and committees sticking to the
business that belongs to them. They have
presumed to dabble in postal matters which
they clearly did not comprehend. This bill is
intended to transport your mails. That, is th<*
pretension. What business bad they with it?
The whole thing is in regard to postage. What
business had they with it? Had they not bet-
ter turn their attention to the river and harbor
bill that has been smothered up for months
and that the country has been clamoring for?
Doubtless they could attend to that much bet-
ter tharu to this. The first section of this bill
reads:
That for the purpose of encouraging the construc-
tion and employment of American steamships and
restoring ocean commerce under the American fl.tg,
all money received by the United States froui the
ocean and inland postage on foreign mail matter
carried between the United Sta'es and Europe, to
an amount not exceeding $2,000,000 annually, is
hereby set apart for the period of ten years, and is
authorized to be paid and expended as hereinafter
provided.
There are only $700,000 received from that
source every year ; and yet the Committee on
Commerce appropriate $2,000,000 for this pur-
pose ! Then again we are told that that com-
mittee have thoroughly examined this subject
and understand it well, and that this is a most
perfect bit). They go on further, and in the
second section declare:
The Postmaster General is hereby authorized and
directed to contract for not exceeding eight trips a
month from New York and four from Boston.
Now, the United States mail is sent four
times a week at present from New York. What
kind of improvement in the mail service would
this be and how much are the parties to receive
for these trips ? A sum not exceeding $20,000 ;
