1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
that is, the Postmaster General shall pa£ from
money provided by the first section of tKis bill
-"to the owners of said steamships for each
round voyage to Europe and back, a sum not
exceeding $20,000." That would amount to
about five millions a year; the number of trips
provided for from Boston and from New York
at $20,000 a trip would amount to $5,000,000;
and yet all this is to be paid out of $700,000
income from land and sea postages! In the
first place they appropriate $2,000,000 when
there are but $"700,000 to pay, and then the
service is to cost $5,000,000, without increas-
ing the sum!
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. QONKLING. I ask the Senator to allow
me to send up an amendment which, if this is
persevered in, I will ask to have read. It
avoids the errors the Senator from Minnesota
has referred to. I move it as an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say
nothing about the propriety of offering this
amendment on this bill; but whenever the
question comes up on the merits of the respect-
ive propositions that have been presented I
shall be prepared to discuss the merits either
with the Senator from New York or the Sen-
ator from Kansas. . We have had various
propositions here—some offering subsidies,
some offering to guaranty-bonds, some offering
postages, and some offering to allow the mate-
rials of which the vessels were to be built to be
exempt from all tariff or internal revenue tax-
ation. Now, the chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, in order to
show the ignorance of the Committee on Com-
merce about this business, has exposed some
of his knowledge of their bill. I think that on
that proposition alone the Committee on Com-
merce might rest content. Their bill only pro-
poses to appropriate so much as may be re-
ceived from postages not exceeding the sum of
$2,000,000. The chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads is not correct
even in estimating the amount now received;
it is something over nine hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. RAMSEY. Here are the documents.
If the Senator will turn to them and find
§900,000 I shall be obliged to him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amount
received in any case, no matter what the in-
crease of postages may be, is not to exceed the
sum of $'20,000 for each round trip. No one
expects that there will be half that; but there
is some ambition on the part of some portion
of our country and of the Senate that we shall
establish an American line of steamships with
foreign countries. Every one understands that
at the present moment the major part of all our
commerce is brought here and carried away
under a foreign flag by these large and fast-
sailing steamers. It is something of an object
to establish these lines, and when it can be done
without any cost to the Government, except
the mere postage received, I think the Con-
gress of the United States will nothestate long
in relation to it. I do not propose now to con-
sume any time in relation to this matter any
further than I have already done.
Mr. CONKLING. I only wish to say to the
Senator from Vermont, agreeing with him in
the suggestions he makes, that they are all met
and answered by the amendment which I have
sent to the Chair. There is no subsidy, there
is no exemption of materials, there is nothing
except that for the naked postages these men,
already provided with the materials with which
to do so, propose to carry the mails in the most
expeditious manner. That is all they ask. It
does not exempt anything from taxation.
Everything of that sort has been eliminated
from the bill; and it is a simple proposition
without expense to get the ocean-carriage of
mails and to get it under our own flag. I move
it as a substitute for the amendment offered by
the Senator fiom Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we might as
well adjourn. It is no use to stay here and
punish ourselves. It is evident that we cannot
pass this appropriation bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, we can. I hope the
Senator from Massachusetts will withdraw his
amendment and let us go on with our work.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has had it here for
an hour, and persistently refuses to withdraw
it. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw the
motion if the Senator will allow us to go on
with the business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senate ought to
sustain this amendment, and I should be very
glad to have a vote upon it and a vote upon
the proposition made by the Senator from New
York, to test the sense of the Senate as between
the two. Under the present state of affairs in
the Senate I shall withdraw the amendment;
and whenever—and I hope it will be very
soon—we shall take up this matter I shall be
prepared, to declare and maintain that this
proposition is the broadest, fairest, and most
liberal proposition that has been made ; and
if anybody can show one better I am ready
for that.
Mr. CONKLING. I will show one better
at that time.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to except the
amendment in regard to the post office at
Springfield, Ohio, and let the vote be taken on
the others together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That ex-
ception will be made. The question is on con-
curring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, with that exception.
The other amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the vote on
the amendment making appropriation to build
a post office at the town of Springfield, Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in that amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Before that is done I should
like to have the letter read that the Senate
declined hearing before when we put on the
appropriation.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will allow this to go with theother amend-
ments, that it may be considered in conference,
where the bill will have to go. It will only
delay us to have these papers read. It is a
very small matter at best.
Mr. RAMSEY. If we are going to vote on
this question I should like the letter of Mr.
Shellabarger to be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This appropriation ought
not to go on the bill. I object to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the amendment be
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized to purchase for a post office
the lot and building at the southwest corner oi'Lime-
stone and High streets, in Springfield. Ohio, known
as the Episcopal church property, for the sum of
810,000: Provided, however, That the entire cost to
be paid by the United States for the said property
and fitting it up for a post office shall not exceed the
sum herein appropriated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the facts in
regard to that. It is a matter in which my
colleague. Mr. Shelt.abarger, who is about to
leave the House of Representatives, takes a
very deep interest, and you will find letters on
file from him and also a letter from the Post-
master General and from the First Assistant
Postmaster General recommending it.
Springfield is a town of about sixteen thou-
sand inhabitants; a rapidly-growing town. A
church in the heart of the city has recently
been substantially purchased by the citizens
there with a view to remove the church to an
outlying part of the city and build a very fine
one. In connection with building anew church
it has been proposed by the citizens to buy this
property and substantially donate it to the Gov-
ernment of the United States upon the Gov-
ernment paying $10,000. The property is
worth a great deal more. They want this par-
ticular site, which is right in the center of the
city, selected for a post office, and the facts in
regard to the expense are these: the present
rent is about twenty-four hundred dollars, and
the building now occupied by the post office
must be abandoned and considerably more
rent will have to be paid for the necessary
accommodations. There is not onlyapopula-
tion of sixteen thousand, but there is a con-
siderable population around getting their mail
matter there. On the whole the Postmaster
General was of the opinion that it was better
to take this property and let it be fitted up with
the limitation that the expense should not ex-
ceed $10,000, fitted up solely for a post office
in a central position. On the whole the Gov-
ernment will make by it. They would have to
pay probably in four years, perhaps in three
years, more rent that) they would have to pay
for this building complete. They substantially
get the building at little or no cost.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to ask him if he is prepared, as
chairman of the Finance Committee, to recom-
mend the building of post offices in all towns
of this size throughout'the country ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would recommend the
building of a post office in any town under the
same circumstances. That town substantially
contributes the site. It is a matter in*which
Mr. Shellabarger takes very deep interest,
and I trust the Senate will allow it to go on
the bill for l}is benefit. He lives in the plade,
and I think it is manifestly for the interest of
the Government, and I trust therefore the Sen-
ator from Illinois will not press his objection.
If similar circumstances arise in any other city
I certainly should vote for building a post office
there.
The question being taken on concurring in
the amendment, a division was called for; and
the ayes were eight.
Several Senators. Give it up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not give it up. I
think this opposition is unreasonable under the
circumstances.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I am going to vote against
this, and I wish to say to the Senator from
Ohio that I shall not be unreasonable in doing
it. In the city in which.I live, for example,
there is a much stronger case than this pre-
sented ; and yet I do not feel at liberty to vote
for an appropriation there, although nothing,
absolutely nothing has ever been done to pro-
vide by the Government a public building there
for any public purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the population ?
Mr. CONKLING. Much larger than here.
The question being taken by yfeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Conness, Corbett, Drake, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross,
Sherman. Sumner, Thayer,Van Winkle,Warner, and
W ftlch~16
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Edmunds, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Hend-
ricks, Howe, McCreery, McDonald. Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Sawyer, Sprague,
Stewart, and Trumbull—20.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Cragin," Davis, Dixon, Doolitfcle, Ferry,
Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Henderson, How-
ard, Kellogg:, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New
Hampshire. Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Salisbury,
Spencer, Tipton, Vickers, Wade, Whyte, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be^ en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
