THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. HOWE. My amendment is to strike
out thef words "upon the first ground of ob-
jection" from the amendment of the Senator
Irom Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I think it is better to state
the exact grounds of objection.
Mr. HOWE. There might be differences
■of'opinion,.
Mr. CONFESS. I object to debate. Let its
vote. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution as it would stand if the pending .amend-
ment should be adopted will be read.
The Chief Ci.ekk. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Howe] proposes to amend the
amendmentof theSenator from Missouri [Mr.
Dhake] so as to make it read "that the elect-
oral vote of the State of Georgia, in the judg-
ment of the Senate, should not be counted."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to submit a
question of order, whether the Senate now, by
a separate resolution, can modify the concur-
rent resolution adopted the other day. There
is but one of the objections raised, as I under-
stand, that does not fall within the concurrent
resolution that was adopted. Now can the
Senate, by a separate resolution, agree to reject
that vote upon any ground included within the
concurrent resolution? Can the Senate, in other
.words, amend or abrogate a rule that has been
adopted by the concurrence of the two Houses ?
80 far as, this resolution proposes to modify
that, I submit, as a question of order, that it is
not allowable.
Tho PRESIDENT £>ro tempore. The Chair
supposes that that concurrent resolution has
110 higher authority than any other resolution,
and is subject to modification by both branches
•as every other law or resolution is. It is not
a rule but a resolution of the two Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
special order in the nature Of a resolution. It
has no higher authority than any other resolu-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ttisaresolution adopted
by both branches, they concurring. It is a law
that governs their action if it has any force.
The ,PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
opinion of the Chair that it cannot bo modified
by either branch alone, but it may be modified
by a concurrent resolution of both Houses.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course. Now the
question I wish to submit to the Senate with-
out any debate is, that as the resolution taken
together would now stand, if adopted, it would
seem to be the judgment of the Senate, that
tho vote of a State oughtto be rejected because
(he electors may cast their votes on the wrong
day. That is a very grave question.
Mr. Edmunds rose.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to a question of
order. With great defereuee to the Senator
from Indiana and the Senator from Vermont
now up, I believe we can have no debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not said anything
about it.
Mr. CAMERON. No ; but you arc getting
ready.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not know that.
Mr. CAMERON. I say I object to any
debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I suppose
it is in order to ask what is the pending ques-
tion. [Laughter. ]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is the amendment moved by the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to lay the reso-
lution and all the proposed amendments upon
the table, and that the action of the Senate be
communicated^ to the House of Representa-
tives. That will make some result.
Mr. DRAKE. That is no result at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the resolution with the amendments bo
laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I submit this point of order,
whether the concurrent resolution does not
cover the whole case?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
believes it, covers the whole case except the
objection made by the member from Massa-
chusetts in the joint convention, going back of
it,- as was suggested before, and making a new
objection that did not arise ; and that was about
casting the votes on an improper day.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought we came out to
determine the question of order whether the
Representative from Massachusetts could raise
that point while there was in existence the
concurrent resolution of the Senate and House
of Representatives on this subject as to how the
vote of Georgia should be counted. That is
what I came here to consider, and I understood
tho Presiding Officer to state as he left the chair
of the joint meeting that .the Senate would pro-
ceed to its Chamber for the purpose of determ-
ining that question of order. That is the only
thing we could determine. I simply desire to
say that if we adopt this? resolution which is
now pending, proposed by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] it cannot override the
concurrent resolution of the two Houses passed
on the 8th of this month, which we cannot
repeal except by one day's notice served upon
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I will
move that the Senate concur in the resolution
which has been sent us by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not in order now, for
we have another question up.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That cannot
be done now except by common consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the pending
amendment read, and know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The cnief Ci.erk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment so that if amended the amend-
ment to the resolution will read 
Mr. DRAKE. Let what is stricken out be
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read the whole resolu-
tion.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment first
proposed reads as follows:
Strike out all after tho word "rcsolvod" in the
original resolution and insert:
That upon tho first ground of objection stated'to
tho counting of the electoral voto of tho State of
Georgia, it is the judgment of the Senate that tho
said voto should not bo counted.
It is proposed to amend that amendment so
that if amended it will read—•
IlcnohcJ, That the doctoral voto of tho State of
Georgia, in tho judgment of the Senate, should not
bo counted.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays on that. It is a very
important matter, in my judgment, and I call
for the yeas and nays. This decides the whole
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I am satisfied the question
is not understood. I call for the reading of
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
and of the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to it.
Mr. CONKLING. This is simply striking
out three words, I understand.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let the question be stated.
Mr. FERRY, Let the amendment be read.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that the Clerk not only
read the resolution as offered and then as it
would be if amended, but that he state what
the words are that the Senator from Wisconsin
moves to strike-out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
is endeavoring to do that very thing.
Mr. DRAKE. He has not done it yet.
The Chief Clerk. Mr. Sherman submitted
the following resolution :
Resolved, That thovoto of theeleetors of the State
of Georgia bo counted and announced in the mode
provided by the ooncurrent resolution of the Sth of
February instant,
Mr. Drake proposed to amend that reso-
lution by striking oat all after the word re-
solved" and inserting:
That \ipon the first ground of objection stated to
tho counting of the electoral vote of the State of
Georgia it is the judgment of-the ^Senate thai the
said vote should not be counted.
Mr. Howe moves to amend that amend-
ment by striking out the words '' upon the first
ground ofobjection stated to the counting of,"
and striking out the words 11 it is" and insert-
ing " in and striking out also after the word
" Senate" the words " that the said vote so
that if so amended the amendment wiil read,
" that the electoral vote of the State of Geor-
gia, in the judgment of the Senate, should not
be counted."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make the point of
orderthatthe amendmentproposed by theSen-
ator from Wisconsin is inconsistent with the
concurrent rule adopted by both Houses for
this business, which is binding upon the Sen-
ate ; and that the amendment, therefore, is out
of order, it covering a ground that the two
Houses by joint action have already decided.
I ask the ruling of the Chair on that question
of order. 1 submit to the Chair that this is a
resolution of the Senate. This now is not
proposed as a concurrent resolution or a mod-
ification by the action of both Houses of their
former-order, but a separate resolution of the
Senate. It. cannot be done.
Mr. FOWLER. I submit again that this is
out of order. The concurrent resolution covers
the whole case. If the Chair will examine it
he will find it is. I will read the concurrent
resolution, with permission, or send it to the
Secretary to be read.
ThePRESIDENTjpro tempore. The Clerk
has that resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the concurrent
resolution be read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call for a decision on
the question of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want the concurrent
resolution read.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The Chair
supposed the resolution pending was a concur-
rent resolution. The other was a concurrent
resolution that was sent to the House. If this
is a concurrent resolution, the Senate has the
power to modify the former concurrent resolu-
tion with the concurrence of the House, as they
passed the original resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. FERRY. The decision is not announced
yet. We have not had the decision.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No.
Mr. FERRY. The Chair has stated his
opinion ; he has not made a decision.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the reading of
the former concurrent resolution, the one we
passed on the Sth of February, for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is perfectly aware that the concurrent resolution
adopted the other day by both branches of Con-
gress covers the whole ground except it be the
first objection raised by the member from Mas-
sachusetts; and he supposed that the reason
why the Senate retired was because that was a
ground independent of the concurrent resolu-
tion ; back of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Chair if he will
decide the question whether the amendment is
in order.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. _ The Chair
will state further that he so ruled in the joint
convention, and would have stood by that ruling
■ in the jointconvention, had itnot been forsome
doubt whether the first objection made by the
member from Massachusetts was not an inde-
pendent objection going back of the concurrent
resolution and demanding a decision.
Mr. FOWLER. Do I understend the Chair
has decided that that is an independent objec-
tion going back of the concurrent resolution ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the decision of
the Chair upon the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Now, the
point of order is raised that this is an attempt
