i86a •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
101
Indiana. When the hour 6f "one.o'i}lock arrives
he will be entitled to the floor; hut this is a
subject that cannot be properly or in good taste
evaded, in my opinion.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I ask to
have the bill read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be if enacted, <£c.,Thatfrom and after Junc25,1868,
all laborers, workmen, and mechanics engaged Ln the
employment of the Government of the UnitedStates
sball, receive for a day's labor, as provided by lavs', the-
fall wages and compensation paid for such labor as
if ten hours constituted a day's lab'or. "
Mr. SHERMAN." The only objectionl have
to taking up this bill now is that it will give it
a priority over other business in the morning
hour at this period of the. session that would
be very injurious. The Senator can, no doubt,
call up this bill at any day ; I shall not inter-
pose objection ; but it will lead to some debate,
and at one o'clock, by common consent, the
Senator from Indiana is to proceed with his
remarks. I think the Senator will not make
anything by taking up the bill now; and it is
a vicious precedent to take up bills of general
legislation which will excite debate in the
morning hour,
Mr. CONNESS. If this bill is not to be
taken up in the morning hour I should like to
know when the honorable Senator from Ohio
would consent to have it taken up? When we
meet here after the holidays that Senator will
demand the attention of the Senate for bills
reported from his committee. This bill is not
a very important one, perhaps, to the holders
of the bonds of the United.States, nor to the
men interested in the great financial questions
of this country ; but it is deeply interesting_ to
men a portion of whose wages have been with-
held during the past fall and this winter thus
far, and withheld most unjustly by those em-
ployed in paying the debts of the Government,
construing laws against the plain intent of the
body that passed them. I hope, sir, that we
shall go on with its consideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 28 ; as follows:
Y E AS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckal ew, Conness, Dixon,
Harris, Hendricks. McCreery, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Stewart, Thayer,
Tipton, Vickcrs, Wade, Warner, Welch, Whyte, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Davis, Drake, Bdmunds, Ferry, Fessenden,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Howard, Howe, Kel-
logg,Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Sumner, Trumbull, V an Winkle, and W illey—-28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron,Cattell, Cole,
Cragin, Doolittle, Harlan, Henderson, McDonald,
Morton, Nyc, Patterson of New Hampshire, Sawyer,
Spencer, Sprague, and Yates—16.
So the motion was not agreed to.
COST OF FRACTIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. CORBETT. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish the Senate, as near as practica-
ble, for the information of the Senate, tho total cost
to the Government of the issue of the paper fractional
currency since its authorization.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider tho resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state to the honor-
able Senator from Oregon that that subject is
under investigation at this time. Testimony is
being taken and examination is being made
about it, and f hope to be able to make a report
on the subject not very long after the holidays.
I have no objection to the resolution other than
the extra expense and trouble it will put the
Department to beyond the investigation we
are making.
Mr. CORBETT. I will ask the Senator if
the expense of the fractional currency is being
separated from that- of the national currency
in that investigation?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; it is not. There is
no way, so far as I know anything about the
accounts in that respect, ot separating that
expense from the expense ot the other printing
in the PrintitigBureau of the Treasury, because
the paper upon which it is printed and the men
and machines who do the work all run together
iu one account, together with the other printing
that i? done of bonds and notes and'cert'i'ficates,
and all that sort of. thing. Hence it will be
impossible to separate it otherwise than by a
reasonable estimation, taking into view the
whole amount of work done upon them all, so
far as I understand. I wish to say again that
I have no special objection to the resolution
other than the unnecessary labor it produces.
Mr. CORBETT, The design of this reso-
lution is confined to the fractional currency
alone. I noticed in looking through the Treas-
ury Department that there was ah immense
quantity of work there in printing this cur-
rency and reprinting it, and I desire to ascer-,
tain as near as practicable, as stated in the
resolution, the cost of this fractional currency,
that we may know whether it will not be
cheaper to the Government to substitute a sil-
ver currency or coin for that fractional cur-
rency, and thus avoid that expense; and for
that reason I desire tho resolution adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not make any objec-
tion, if the Senator insists upon it after the
explanation I have made.
The resolution was adopted.
presidential approval of bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. "William G. Moore, his Sec-
retary, announced that the President had ap-
proved and signed, on the 15th instant, the
following bills and joint resolution :
A bill (S. No. 186) providing for the sale of
the lands, tenements, and water privileges be-
longing to the United States at and near Har-
per's Perry, in tho county of Jefferson, West
Virginia;
A bill (S. No. 565) to authorize the Secre-
tary of State to adjust the claim of Gustavus
G. Cushman for office rent while commissioner
under the reciprocity treaty; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 170) in rela-
tion to the library of the Department of Agri-
culture.
railroads in tiie states.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave notice in reporting
the bill in regard to railroads that I should call
it up to-day ; but to give the Senator from
Indiana an opportunity to express his views
on another bill, and on consulting the geutle-
men who are opposed to the bill, I move that
it be taken up with a view to its postponement
to the 5th of January. I was instructed by the
select committee to urge it constantly upon the
attention of the Senate, and I give notice that
at the meeting of the Senate after the holidays
I shall move to take it up. I move now that
it be taken up and postponed until the 5th of
January.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be postponed- any-
how without a motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
gain anything by such a motion unless he pro-
poses to make it a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to make it
a special order. Itwas postponed until to-day,
and I wish to keep it in that position.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the bill be taken up
for consideration for the purpose of postpon-
ing it to another day. Is there any objec-
tion ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the effect of that
the same as making it a special order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not ask that it be
made a special order.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator from
Ohio what is the effect of his motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not make the
bill a special order; but it will come up at one
o'clock on Tuesday, the 5th of January, unless
some other special business intervenes.
Mr. POMEROY. No; the ^finished busi-
ness of the preceding adjournment would be
first in order on that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made this motion m6rely
for the purpose of giving notice that the bill
will then come up. I made it after consulting
gentlemen opposed to the bill, who agree that
after that time they will make no dbjectiorf to
its being' taken up, Considered, and act^d on;;
Mr. POMEROY. This has simply the eflTect
of notifying the Senate that the Senator wilt t
call up the bill on, the day named. It gives it ■
no Tirpppnpnfp ' ' '
t Mr. SHERMAN. This is an ordinary mo-
tion. The bill being no'w pending',' I move to
postpone its consideration to the first Tuesday
in January.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The'first
question is on the motion to taike'np the bill
(S. No. 554) to promote commerce among the
States and to cheapen the transportation of
the mails and military and naval stores. '
Thq motion was agreed to.
The.PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-.
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until the ,5th day of January next.
The motion was agreed to.
C0IU PAYMENT OP PUBLIC MET:
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee oh Fi-
nance having this morning in my absence!
reported baclt the resolution that I had'the
honor to introduce last year touching the pub-
lic debt, and having also reported another
resolution which was intended to take its
place, as I understand, I wish to give notice
that I shall ask the Senate to-morrow to pro-
ceed to its consideration ; and for that pur-
pose I should be glad to have the Senate take
it up this afternoon, in order that we may enter
upon its consideration, so that it may h:e ift
order to-morrow. I say this no'w, when the
Senate is full, that everybody may under-
stand it.
message from tiie house. '
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal eertain
provisions of section six of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June BO,
18G8, and for other purposes," approved March
2, 1867;
A bill (II. II. No. 1555) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 18G8 ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1556) to relieve certain
persons of all political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth article of the Constitution of the
United States.
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is now regu'arly before the
Senate, being the bill (S. No. fi'25) lor the relief
of Miss Sue Murphey, of Decatur, Alabama. ,
Mr. MORTON. 1 move that the unfinished
business be postponed for tho purpose of taking
up Senate bill No. G78.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will not make that motion. If he desires
to address the Senate to-day, as it is said by
Senators about me that he does, upon any par-
ticular measure, I have no objection to this bill
being laid aside informally so that the meas-
ure to which he refers may come up.
Mr. MORTON. I consent to that.
The PRESIDENT jpm tempore. Is there any
objection to passing by the unfinished business
informally? ["None.'"] The unfinished busi-
ness will accordingly be laid aside.
RESUMPTION OK SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. MORTON. I move now to take from
the table the bill (S. No. 678) to proVidfe for
the redemption in coin of the United States'
notes and fractional currency, and requiring"
the national banks to redeem their notes in coia,*
on which I desire to address the Senate.
The motion was agreed to. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The bill is
before the Senate;
