1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixtox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 228) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 753} to provide for the execu-
tion of judgments m capital cases ;
A bill (S. No. 810) to regulate elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories;
A bill (S. No, 836) for the relief of Celestra
P. Hartt; and
A bill (S. No. 891) for the relief of G*eorge
Fowler and the estate of De Grasae Fowler,
deceased, or their assigns.
tiie deficiency bill.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1911, making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1869, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. POME ROY. I suppose the Senate
desires to adjourn now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We must pass
the deficiency bill to-night if we intend to make
any progress.
The bill was read.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out from the com-
mencement of line thirteen to line forty-nine,
in the following words:
And after the present fiscal year there shall only
be employed and paid for labor in the Treasury build-
ing and the five other buildings used by the Depart-
ment for lighting, cleaning, and general care and
{superintendence thereof the following ^persons, to
wit: one superintendent, atasalary of SCoOO ayear;
one clerk of class four and one clerk of class one;
on£ engineer in charge of heating apparatus, at a
salary of >1,200 a year: five firemen, at a salary of
$000 each per year; one machinist and gas-fitter,
at a salary of $1,200 per year; one captain of the
watch, at a salary of-$l, 400 per year; one storekeeper,
at a salary of $1,000 per year; thirty watchmen, at a
salary of $820 each per year; thirty laborers, at a sal-
ary of $600 each per year; seventy women as clean-
ers, at a salary of 6180 each per year: And it is hereby
.provided. That no account for contingent expenses
at any of the bureaus of the Treasury Department
shall hereafter be allowed, except on the certificate
of the general superintendent of the Treasury build-
ings that they are necessary and proper, and that the
prices paid are just and reasonable; and the said
superintendent shall keep a full, just, and accurate
account in detail of all amounts expended underthe
hjead of contingent expenses for the several bureaus
of the Treasury Department, which shall he trans-
mitted to Congress by the Secretary of the Treasury
at every Deeeinb<y: session. And the expenditure
for furniture and repairs for the same shall be made
by the said superintendent, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury; and it shall be the
duty of said superintendent to keep a just and accu-
rate account in detail of all the amounts paid for the
purchase of furniture, and also for the repairs thereof,
as well as a full statement of the disposition of the
old furniture; all of which shall be transmitted to
Congress at every December session thereof by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Provided, Thathereafternodisbursementsshallbe
made from any contingentfund nor from any appro-
priation made for the purchase of furniture or for
the repairs of the same except upon an accountduly
audited and allowed by the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department, and a full, just, and
accurate account in detail of all such disbursements
shall be annually rendered to Congress at the De-
cember session thereof by the Secretary of the
Treasury,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-,
seven, before the word u provided,to strike
out the words "it is hereby."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-eight,
after the word *'this" and before "act," to
insert u or any subsequent;" so as to read :
And provided further. That no part of the appro-
priations made by this or any subsequent act for
contingent and incidental expenses shall be paid for
clerk hire, messengers, or laborers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
sixty-three the following:
Provided* That no extra compensation shall here-
after be allowed to any officer or person for disburs-
ing any moneys appropriated to the construction of
any public building.
Mr. COLE. I am strongly of the impres-
sion that that amendment ought not to prevail.
! I believe it is customary when public officers
are required to discharge the duty of disbursing
public moneys to allow them as a compensa-
tion for the responsibility and trouble a small
fraction of a percentage, perhaps one fourth
of one percent. This proviso, it seems to me,
will cut off all that. I do not see what induce-
ment, therefore, a public officer can have for
discharging this extra duty, a duty above the
ordinary duties of the office. .The collector of
the port has to discharge many duties of this
kind, and so it is, perhaps, with other public
officers; and if they are not to have, as has
been customary heretofore, any compensation
whatever they will be disposed to decline the
duty. I think this amendment ought not to
be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (at twelve o'clock and
twenty minutes. J There is nobody here paying
any attention to this business. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had we not better meet
at ten o'clock in the morning?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not see the Senator
from Maine here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Wis-
consin has charge of this bill.
Mr. HOWE. All our amendments have to
be engrossed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Discussion
is not in order. The question is on the motion
to adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes eleven.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays. [" Oh, no !" j I with-
draw the call.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Take the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will be obliged to request Senators, to resume
their seats that we may proceed intelligently.
The Chair will take the count again.
The question being again put, there were, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Mn MORRILL, of Maine, Mr. HEND-
RICKS, and others, called for the yeas and
nays.'
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. I want to say
one word. If there is any purpose to pass the
appropriation bills this bill must be passed
to-night, because there will be three bills to-
morrow 
Mr. GRIMES. What are they?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
asks'what they are. There is this bill, the
deficiency bill, the Army appropriation bill,
and the miscellaneous bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which ones are here
now ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The deficiency
bill and the Army bill. If this is not passed
to-night it is an abandonment of this bill or
some other bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Maine if he expects to carry the Army bill
with that Massachusetts claim?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is not for the
Senator from Maine to answer. The Senator
from Maine proposes to present to the Senate
all the appropriation bills that come from the
House if the Senate chooses to hear them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the roll on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I yield my own judg-
ment at the earnest desire of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations and vote
against the motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 28 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Edmunds, Grimes, Harlan, Mc-
Creery. Pomeroy, Ross, and Williams—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole, Conkling.
Corbett, Cragin, Harris, Hendricks, Howe, McDon-
ald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey,
Riee, Robertson, Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart, Thftyer,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Warner, Welch, and Wil-
son—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler, Conness, Davis, Dixon. Doo-
little. Drake, Ferry, Feasenden, Fowler, Frelinghuy-
sen. Henderson, Howard. Kellogg, Morton. Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Spencer, Sumner. Tipton, Vickers, Wade, Whyte.
Willey, and Yates—31.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out from line
sixty-nine to line seventy-six, inclusive, as fol-
lows :
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect the
several acts of Congress, authorising loans and the
issue of Treasury notes, $400,000: Provided, That no
work shall be done in the Engraving and Printing
Bureau for private parties; And provided further,
That no part of the money hereby appropriated shall
be paid for clerk hire or other service except to per-
sonsactually engaged in producing such issues in the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
seventy-seven and seventy-eight, as follows :
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and twenty-three the following :
Senate defieicney:
For clerks to committees, pages, horses, and carry-
i alls, $30,000.
For heating and ventilating, §5,000.
For miscellaneous items. $15,000.
For stationery for committees and the Secretary's
office, $5,000.
For additional messengers, $3,500.
For stationery and newspapers for Senators for the
third session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, $9,000.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment in line one hundred and twenty-nine by
striking out the words "for committees and the
Secretary's officeso that it will read : "'For
stationery, $5,000."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move further to amend the
amendment by inserting afterthe appropriation
for additional messengers the following:
For folding documents and materials, S5.000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line one hundred and thirty-seven to line one
hundred and forty-seven inclusive, in the fol-
lowing words:
New Mexico:
For salary of the secretary of the Territory, as ex
ojfieio superintendent of the public grounds, from
July 28, 1868, to June 30, 1869, at $1,000 per annum,
$920 38: Provided, That after the expiration of the
present fiscal year the said secretary shall only re-
ceive 82,000 per annum, and no more, in full compen-
sation for all official services, whether as secretary or
superintendent of public buildings and grounds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and forty-seven, to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
Colorado:
For supplying deficiency in the appropriation for
the salaries of the Governor, judges, and secretary,
caused by the increase of compensation to the judges
by act of Mareh 2.1867, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fifty-six, to strike out "five" and insert
" two," and in line one hundred and fifty-seven
to insert the words " one hundred;" so that
the clause will read:
Dakota: , ...
For amount required to pay tfee increased salaries
to the judges of Dakota Territory authorized by the
act of March 2,1867, $2,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next'amendment was after line one hun-
dred and sixty-two, to strike out the following
clause:
For refunding to the appropriation for the legisla-
tive expenses of Idaho Territory the amount ad-
vanced from this fund and not accounted for by the
secretary of said Territory, $38,000,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to.
