1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can the Senate or the
House by itself throw out any votes?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any farther
debate. Let us terminate this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution offered by the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. NYE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Chair
has ruled the resolution I offered out of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did rule that to be out of order, as it was an
attempt to overthrow the concurrent resolu-
tion. Perhaps it was not altogether so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will vote for the reso-
lution of the honorable Senator from Vermont,
or for the resolution I offered. I look upon
them as tantamount, but that I do not see how
the resolution I. offered was displaced. 1 do
not care about that,_ however ; I am ready to
vole for whichever is first presented.
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask a question. If it
turns out that the vote of Georgia ought_ to
be counted would the concurrent resolution
adopted yesterday be sufficient to prevent its
being counted to-day? If it was a clear propo-
sition that that vote should be countednow
would the concurrent resolution prevent it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It directs just what shall
be done in literal terms.
Several Senators. "Question!" "Ques-
tion !''
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll on the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. Abbott's name was called; and he
responded.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear the reso-
lution read. _ ,
Several Seka.tors. It is too late. The call
of the roll has commenced.
The PRESIDENT^ro tofipore. If the Sen-
ator from Kentucky wishes to hear the resolu-
tion read the Chair will direct it to be read.
The Chief Clerk road the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Jiesolved, That undor the spocial order of thc two
ITonses respecting the electoral vote from tho State
of Georgia, the objections mado to the counting of
tho vote of the electors for tho rftate of Georgia are
not, in order.
The question having been taken by yeas and
uays, resulted—yeas 32, nays 21; as follows :
YKAS—Messrs, Abbott, Anthony, Buckalew, Cat-
toll, Conness, Uorbett, Cnigin, Davis, Dixon, Woolit-
tlc, Edmunds, Fowler, FrelinghuytiOn,Grimes, Ilend-
iicits, Kellogg. McCrcery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Boss, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sherman, Sprague,Stewart,Tipton, Viekors,Wbyte,
and William-;—82.
NAY>S—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Colo, Conk-
ling, Dniko, X'errv, Fcsscnden, Harlan, jlnrns,
Hoivti, McDonald, Morgan, Nyo, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer, Trurnbi-il,
Van Winkle, Wade, Warner, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Henderson, Howard,
'Norton, Osborn.Pomeroy, andWolch—7.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would like to inquire now, as the two branches
do not agree, what announcement is to be
made to Ihe joint convention.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair ought to an-
nounce the decision of the Senate, and then
proceed under the joint rule. In point of fact
the vote of Georgia is rejected by the action
of the House of Representatives under the
joint rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But does not this special
rule repeal so much of the joint rule as is in-
consistent with it ?
Mr. EDM-UNDS. Certainly. The special
rnle^made a decision of that case. All I can
say is that I now move that a message be sent
to the House of Representatives, informing
that body of the action of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the question made
and presented is the gravest one I have ever
known in the Senate, because if the rule now
laid down is to be observed, no President of
the United States could ever be elected with
the Senate one way and the House the other.
It seems to me it is a very dangerous and a
very hazardous proposition that the House
of Representatives, or the Senate either, can
defeat an election.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot debate that
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate "direct the Secretary to carry the reso-
lution just passed to the House of Representa-
tives ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to add to the
resolution just adopted the resolution proposed
by the Senator from Ohio; not that I was in
favor of the original proposition, but it became
the law of the body.
Mr. NYE. I want to make an inquiry.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the Chair would
put the question on my motion.
Mr. N YE. If 1 understand the effect of our
vote, we declare that the vote of Georgia shall
be counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not declare any-
thing about it.
Mr. NYE. If this indorses the resolution
of the 8th, we do. The House of Representa-
tives have declared that the vote shall not be
counted. Where does that leave us? After one
House has declared that it shall not be counted
I claim that it is quite immaterial what course
the other House take, the vote cannot be
counted.
Mr. CONNESS. It leaves us, I answer,
under the operation of the l'nle adopted on the
8th, which was a concurrent rule of both bodies
which the House cannot repeal separately nor
the Senate separately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is true.
Mr. WARNER. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is this : that all the points
of order that have been made are out of order,
and that tho two Houses cannot one month or
one week or one day beforehand decide what
votes shall be counted in joint convention.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There i
nothing before the Senate, except 
Mr. HENDRICKS. My motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My motion that the Sec-
retary inform the House of Representatives of
the action of the Senate,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The latter
motion is agreed to, the Onair understands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As a relief from the
difficulty 1 suggest that the proper course for
us to pursue practically is this: when we re-
turn to tho other House, the vote of Georgia
having been already read, let the tellers read
over the vote and the Presiding Officer of the
Senate then announce, jnst as was done twelve
years ago, that such a person has received a
majority of all the votes cast for President, and
is thereupon declared to be elected President;
and so for Vice President; and the joint con-
vention will dissolve, and we shall leave this
matter without any other decision of it than
that. It will not affect the result, and I hope
in a calmer time we shall take some measure
to avoid the difficulty we are now in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would ask what would become of the concur-
rent resolution then?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Chair will
obey the joint order of the two Houses, and
announce that if the vote of Georgia were
counted the result would be so and so; if it
were not counted it would be so and so ; and
that in either event so and so is elected. That
is what we have directed you to do.
Mr. CONNESS and others. That is it
exactly.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Vermont, if I
can have consent to do it. I call his attention
to these words in the Constitution :
" The Pre?iden t of the Sell ate shall, in the presence
of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all
the certificates, and the votes shall then becounted."
This is the language of the Constitution. My
difficulty is to see how the Chair, of his own
motion, or authorized by a concurrent resolu-
tion, is to announce that that thing which the
Constitution says slmll be done is not to be
done at all; but that if it was done one way a
certain result would happen, and if done the
other way a certain other result would happen,
and that we do not do it either way. That is
my trouble.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I offerthe
following resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I moved to add_ the
resolution offered by the Senator from Ohio to
the one just adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Michigan will bo
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some time since I
moved to add the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio to the one already adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
to a resolution before adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course it was. It
was calling up the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio for action.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This will
be read.
The Chief Cleric. The Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Howami] offers the following reso-
lution :
Remlned, That the electoral vote of Georgia ought
not to be counted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I make a point of order
on that resolution. It is out of order accord-
ing to the ruling of the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And according to the vote
of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Chair rule it to
be out of order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
out of order for the Senate to pass any resolu-
tion they sec fit to pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
return to the House of Representatives.
Mr. FERRY. There is a question before
the Senate. Let us vote on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will he
satisfactory to the Chair to know what is to be
done when we get back.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not understand the
Chair to say that my resolution was out of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did notsay that it was out of order. The ques-
tion is oil the resolution of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I made a point of order
on that resolution, that it was out of order
according to the recent ruling of the Chair.
Mr. FERRY. The Chair has decided it to
be in order. The Senator can take an appeal
if he wishes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
doesnot understand that thisquestion has been
acted upon at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 will ask the Chair to
decide whether the resolution of the Senator
from Michigan is or is not in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is in order, and has so stated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I respectfully appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator appeals from the decision of the Chair.
The question is, "Shall the ruling of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?''
Mr. MORTON. I ask that the resolution
of the Senator from Michigan be read.
The resolution of Mr. Howard was read.
Mr. MORTON. I make a point of order on
that resolution that it is in direct conflict with
the resolution just adopted, which was offered
by the Senator from Vermont.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
question which the Chair cannot decide. It is
for the Senate to decide. There is now an
appeal pending from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the decision of
the Chair?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The decis-
