1869.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
the law appropriated S50,000 to erect that
building to make a contract for a building that
would cost $150,000?
Mr. HOWE, How do you know that he did?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here is a deficiency.
There would not be any deficiency unless that
was so.
Mr. HOWE. That does not follow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " It certainly necessarily
follows; because if the building had been con-
structed for the amount appropriated there
would not be any deficiency.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. Let us have a
vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
says ''let us vote." I shall say no more. I
hope the Senate will not agree to this amend-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. You can have a committee
of conference upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I ask the Senate
not to strike it out. This clause was put in by
the House, and there is no reason for striking
it out. It has the recommendation of the
Secretary.
Mr. HOWE. Let the amendment be made,
and then it can go to a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. With the leave of the com-
mittee, I offer an amendment to be inserted
after line two hundred and thirty-five, on the
tenth page :
For repairs of the custom-house at San Franeisco,
Caiifornia, $15,000.
I find this in the list of estimates from which
these other appropriations are taken, and I
think it must have been by some oversight that
the amount was left out. The repairs were
rendered necessary by the earthquake that oc-
curred in October last. The building was so
far racked and injured as to require the front
portion to be taken down entirely, and con-
siderable other repairs to the wall inside and
other portions of the building were rendered
absolutely necessary. So badly, indeed, was
the building injured, that it has not been occu-
pied for the purposes for which it was built
since; but it is in the process of gettingrepaired,
and will be occupied again in a very short time.
I presume it was a mere oversight that this
appropriation was lett out. I ask, therefore,
that the amendment be adopted. It will be
found on the first page of the estimates.
Mr. TR UMB ULL. Is that reported by any
committee?
Mr. COLE. All the rest of the items in the
estimates seem to have been included in the
bill except the two items that relate to Cali-
fornia. I do not know why they were left out.
Appropriations for deficiencies for buildings
at Cairo, Ogdensburg, St. Paul, Madison,
Springfield, Chicago, Philadelphia, and New
York, and everywhere else are made, except
at San Francisco. Two items are mentioned
in the estimates for California, and why they
should have been overlooked I cannot see.
One of them is certainly absolutely necessary,
rendered so by the late earthquake at that
place, the custom-house building having been
very badly injured by it, and the repairs have
been rendered necessary on that account.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. Isend an amendment to the
Chair, to folio w the amendment just adopted :
For the purchase, inolosure, and preservation of a
parcel of ground at Omaha, Nebraska, for a site and
tor the erection of a building: for the use of the Fed-
l^a-1 courts, post office, and other Federal offices,
125,000.
Mr. HOWE. Has there been any notice of
that amendment?
Mr. THAYER. There is a report from the
Postmaster General on the subject which I
will have read if it is desired.
Mr. HOWE. But has any notice been given
of it to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly. It was first
before the Post Office Committee and approved
by them, and I now offer it here.
Mr. HOWE, Has it evfer been submitted
to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; it has been in
their possession for some time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. Have the amendments
of the committee been concluded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill has not yet
been read through, and I think it had better
be finished.
The Secretary resumed the reading: of the
bill.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fifty, to strike out "July" and insert
"June.;l
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line three
hundred and two, to strike out the following
clause:
For collecting and preparing the proceedings at
the decoration of the soldiers' graves, under resolu-
tion of June 22,1868, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line three
hundred and ten, to strike out the following
clause:
Eor necessary repairs and furniture for the office of
the register of deedsof the District of Columbia, $350.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out after
line three hundred and thirteen the following
clause :
For a sufficient amount to pay the regular salary
of the present minister resident at Portugal, and the
exchange thereon, from the 1st day of July, 1866, so
long as the same was withheld from him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following
amendment in the language of the estimate of
the Department. I read from.Exec'utive Docu-
mentNo. 56, second session Fortieth Congress :
For additional appropriation required to complete
the survey of a line dividing the Creek country under
the third and fifth articles of the treaty-with the
Creek nation of Indians, concluded June 14,1866, and
for surveying: the exterior boundary of a grant of
land to the Seminole nation of Indians under the
third article of the treaty with thatnation, concluded
March 21, 1866, $5,000.
This amendment was agreed to first by the
committee of the House of Representatives,
and my colleague from the House informs me
that by some means it did not get on the ap-
propriation bill. I moved it from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and it was referred to
the Committee oil Appropriations yesterday.
I suppose it is unnecessary to explain it any
further than to say that the work has been done
and this is a deficiency. The appropriation
was made last year; but there was not enough
appropriated by 35,000, and the Secretary has
made this estimate, and I now more it on the
appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWE. Where?
Mr. POMEROY. Under the head of "mis-
cellaneous'' on page 15, after line three hundred
and forty.
The aineudmeut was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I move an amendment to come
in after the amendment introduced by the Sen-
ator from Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer :]
To supply a deficiency for the payment for machin-
ery for the branch mint at Carson City, and balance
of freight on the same from Philadelphia to Carson
City, $31,000.
For fitting up machinery of said mint and putting
it in working order, $11,000, or so much thereof as is
necessary for that purpose.
This is estimated for by the Secretary of the
Interior and by the Director of the Mint, and
I have shown it to the chairman of the eom-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Waiter
in the ehair) put the question on the amend-
ment and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. NYE. Oh, that is a mistake.
Mr. WILSON. You can move it again in
the Senate.
Mr. NYB. ■ I cannot move it on anything
else. The machinery is all there ready to be
fitted up, and the Senate this very night made
an appropriation to put this mint m operation.
This is an appropriation for the freight on the
machinery and the machinery itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that the
Senate did not hear the report that was read
some time ago when the other bill was up.
There is an estimate here and a recommenda-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury for
this very thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent the Chair will put the question again on
; the amendment.
I The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. NYE. I am instructed by the Commit-
| tee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
i amendment, to come in at the end of the bill,
I and I send to the Chair the recommendation
| on which it is based:
| Navy Department:
i To supply a deficiency for provisions for the Marina
corps for the fiscal year ending June 30, 186S, 42,000.
To supply a deficiency for provisions for the Marino
corps for the year ending June 30,1869, $56,000.
Mr. HOWE. What does that mean ?
Mr. NYE. All that I know about it is con-
tained in the statements that I have sent to the
desk. I was directed by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes,] the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee, to offer this amendment, as he thought
; he would not be present when this bill wascon-
|' sidered. I ask that the statement be read.
! The Secretary read as follows:
j Statement of deficiency in the appropriation for
provisions for the Marine corps for fiscal year end-
ing Jane 30, 1868, and estimated deficiency in fame
; appropriation for fiscal year ending June 30,1869.
i There will be required to meet deficiency in the
quartermaster's department. Marine corps, in the
i' appropriation for provisions for fiscal years ending
I, June 30,1SG3, and June 30,1S69, thesum of $99,223 65,
as follows:
For deficiency for fiscal year ending 30t,h June,
186 8  842,551 05
For rations tor fifteen hundred and thirty-
three non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, privates, and washerwomen for
one yearfrom 1st July, 1868, to 30th June,
1869, one ration per day each at twenty-
eight cents per ration  8156,672 60
Deduct amount appropriated
per act approved 17th June,
186 9  100,000 00
Deficiency for fiscal year ending30th June,
1868   66,672 60
Total deficiency  $99,223 65
Respectfully submitted.
AT. B. SLACK.
Quai-tprmaster Murine Coi p*.
Mr. HOWE. I could not hear the letter
read. I could hear everything in the world
but that. I do not know now whether it states
what the appropriations made for the year are.
It would seem as though the subsistence of a
force not numbering over two thousand five
hundred at the commencement of the war, and
which was really reduced to eighteen hundred
during the war, might be estimated for within
$90,000; but I do not know that it was within
§90,000.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will read a portion of the report of Major
Slack. That shows it very clearly. Perhaps
the Secretary had better read it. I ask him to
do so.
The Secretary read as follows:
He 4dquarters Marine Corps,
Qcartermastkk's Office.
Washington, December 12, 1868.
^ Sir : I have the honor to submit herewith, in trip-
licate, with the request that tbey be transmitted to
the honorable Secretary of the Havy, a statement of
deficiency in the appropriation for " provisions Ma-
rine corps" for fiscal year ending June 30.1868, and
estimated deficiency in the same appropriation for
fiscal year ending June 30,1869.
In explanation of the deficiency in fiscal year end-
, ing June 30,1868,1 would state that in the estimate
1 for that year rations for eighteen hundred and sixty
enlisted men and washerwomenwere estimatedfor at
twenty-five cents per ration* while the average cost
of rations per contract for that period was thirty
ceijts, and in consequence of the gradual reduction
of the naval forces afloat more marines were rationed
on shore than had been estimated for.
In regard to the present fiscal year the number of
enlisted men suposed to be on shore is fifteen hun-
dred, and the actual cost of rations as per contracts
average twenty-eight cents per ration, making the
amount necessary for the year $158,672 60.
The sum appropriated by Congress was SlflOiOOO,
thus leaving a deficiency of $56,672 60, which added
to the actual deficiency on the 30th June, IS®, makes
