1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
ion of the Chair was that the resolution of the
Senator from Michigan was in order, from
which decision an appeal is taken, and the
question now is, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to submit that
the resolution of the Senator from Michigan is
debatable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it is not. Any-
how, the point of order is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?''
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Brake, Ferry, Grimes, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howe, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Itice, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Van Winkle, Warner, and Yates—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Baekalew, Conness, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fowler, Hendricks, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pool, Ross, Sprague,Tipton, Viekers, Whyte, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell,
Frelinghuysen, Henderson, Kellogg, Morton, Nor-
ton, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Wade, and
Welch—13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The decis-
ion of the Chair is sustained. The resolution
of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
is in order, and the question is on agreeing to
that resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I claim
that this resolution is debatable. ["No!"
"No!"] I will state my point.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object, I call the
Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana may state his point of order ;
but of course he cannot debate the question.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not understand that he
is stating a point of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My point is this: that
this resolution is not based in the Senate upon
any objection made in the joint convention, but
that it is an independent resolution of the Sen-
ate, and is therefore not controlled by the joint
rule which prohibits debate upon a question
made in joint convention. The Senate has
decided, in support of the ruling of the Chair,
that the objection made in the House is not in
order, and the Senate has informed the House
of that fact. Therefore this resolution does
not rest upon that objection.
The PSESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Upon thegound I have
just stated, I claim the right to debate the reso-
lution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
opinion of the Chair that it is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest a point
of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the appeal.
Mr. FERRY. One thing at a time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] appeals
from the decision of the Chair, and the ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate.''
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care enough
about it; I am not going to press an appeal
un a question of this sort.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ap-
peal is withdrawn.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask a question.
I hold in my hand the resolution just passed,
offered by the Senator from Vermont, which
declares that the objections made to counting
the vote in joint convention a little while ago
was out of order and could not be entertained;
and now if we pass the resolution offered by
the Senator from Michigan, that the electoral
vote of Georgia shall not be received, which
one shall be reported to the joint convention ?
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Howard.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call for the reading of
the other resolution that has just been adopted.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That under the special order of the two
Houses respecting the electoral yote from the State
of Georgia, the objections made to the counting of
tho vote ot the electors for the State of Georgia are
not in order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler. Cole,
Conkling, Drake, Iiarlan, Harris, Howard, Ilowe,
Kellogg.McDonnld, Nye, Osborn. Ramsey, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart. Sumner, Thayer,
Wade, Wilson, and Yates—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conness, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Davis. Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry. Fos-
senden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks.
McCreery, Morgan. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Pool, Ross. Snulsbur.v, Sherman,
Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers,
Warner. Whyte, Willey, and Williams—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell, Hen-
derson, Norton, Pomeroy, and Welch—7-
So the resolution of Mr. Howard was re-
jected
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One mo-
ment. Shall the Secretary send the vote
already taken to the House of Representatives?
[" Certainly."]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I made that motion long
ago, and the President declared it carried, I
understood.
The PRESIDENT^>ro tempore. There were
other resolutions, and we directed the Clerk
not to go over yet, not knowing what would
become of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the President
direct the Clerk to go now.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
return to the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
preceded by the Sergeant-at-Arms and the Sec-
retary, proceeded to the Hall of the House of
Representatives.
The Senate returned to the Senate Chamber
at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.
notification of election.
Mr. MORTON. 1 offer the following reso-
lution :
Reiolved, That a committee of one member of the
Senate be appointed by this body to join a committee
of two members of tho House ot Representatives, to
be appointed by that House, to wait on Ulysses S.
Grant, of Illinois, and to notify him that he has been
duly elected President of the United States for four
years, commencing on the 4th day of March, 1S69; and
also to notily Schuyler Colfax, of Indiana, that he
has been duly elected Vice President of the United
States for four years, commcncing on tho 4th day of
March, 1869.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will appoint Mr. Morton as the committee on
the part of the Senate under this resolution.
order or business.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of leaving
it as the unfinished business for to-morrow, I
move to take up what is called the currency
bill. I do not wish to go on with it this even-
ing. but merely to leave it as the unfinished
business, so that there shall be no controversy
about the order of business to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. * I object to that. I
desire to call up the river and harbor bill for
the purpose of having it the special order. 1
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us settle this ques-
tion now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES-.
Wednesday, February 10, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntokt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
admission of ladies to the hall.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to ask unani-
mous consent that ladies may be allowed to
occupy the cloak-rooms of the House this
morning.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
message i'koji the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,.
one of its clerks, announced that that body hadi
passed the joint resolution (H. R. No. 402)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States,with amendments; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
supplies for indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with the request of the Committee on Appro-
priations, a report of subsistence stores sup-
plied to Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
chickasaw nation.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting papers relating to the application
of the Chickasaw nation to reimburse rhe
amount expended in defending their country
from hostile Indians ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
war department buildings.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with House resolu-
tion of the 8d ultimo, a report of the Quarter-
master General upon buildings, &c., occupied
by the War Department in Washington city;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
indian depredations in kansas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas, asking
an appropriation by Congress to pay certain
citizens of Kansas for losses by depredations of
the Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
abbott q ross.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1914) forthe relief
of Abbott Q. Ross; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad from washington to new york.
Mr. McCARTHY. I call up the motion I
made yesterday to reconsider the vote by-which
the biil (H. R. No. 621) to authorize the build-
ing of a military and postal railway from Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to the city of New
York, was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time. I withdraw the motion, and move
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. Does it not require a suspension of
the rules to take up that bill now ?
The SPEAKER. Itdoesuot. A motion to
reconsider can be called up at any time when
the House is not engaged in the transaction of
business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought the bill went
to the Speaker's table.
