1056
THE COlvGPtESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The SPEAKER. It did; but the gentleman
from New York made a motion- to reeonsider
afterward.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It did not go to the
Speaker's table by a vote of the House, but
under the rales.
The SPEAKER. Itdid go to.the Speaker's
table under the rules, the reading of the en-
grossed bill Tbeing called for and it not being
engrossed ; but afterward a motion to recon-
sider was made and entered on the Journal,
and the gentleman now calls up that motion,
there being no other business before the House.
Mr. GARETELB. I suggest that the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridgb] withdraw
the demand for the reading of the engrossed
bill.
Mr.. PHELPS. I more to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER.. That motion is not now
before the House, it having been withdrawn.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I move to lay the bill
oil'the table.
Mr. ffARNSWORTH. Did not the House
vote on that question yesterday?
The SPEAKER. It did ; but the question
now is on the passage of the bill, and the
motion is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The bill was accordingly read.
COUNTING OS* ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. SCIIENCK introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk Inform the Senate tliat
thfa House 13 now ready to rcceivo that body for the
purpose of proceeding to open and count the votes
of thei electors of. tho several States for President and
Vice President of tho United States.
KAILllOAD l'KOSI WASHINGTON TO NISW YORK.
The question recurred upon tho motion of
Mr. Phelps, to lay the bill on tho table, on
which tho yeas and nays had been ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 02, nays 112, not voting
48; as follows :
YEASr-Mossrs, Baker, Baldwin, Barnum, Beck,
Benjamin, Boles, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Itodorick It.
Butler, On,ry. Dawes, Dixon, Ktdridere, Go It, Gtoss-
breuner. (iolladay.Grovor. llaisht, Hnlsey,Hawkins,
Hill, ilolman, Chester D. llubbard, Hulburd. Ilum-
hrey. Hunter, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kclley,
atchon, Knott, Laflin, Loughridge, Marshall, Mar-
in, McCiillousrh, Moore, MunKcn, Niblack. Nich-
&
B. WasVburn, Wood, Woodward, and Young—GL.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Polos B.Ashley,
Barnes, Boaman, Beatty, Bingham, Blair, lioutwell,
Bowen, Boyden, Bromwcll, Broomall. Buckland,
Buckley. Benjamin Butler. Cake, Call is, Churchill,
Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Co-
burn, Corley, Covode, CuIIom, Delano, Dowecse,
Dodee, Donnelly, Drigpts, JSeklcv. Edwards, Iigglo-
ston, Thomas D. Khot, James T. Elliott,i'arnsworth,
Fyrriss, Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield, Goss, Gove,
Ilaufthey, llcaton, IliKby, Hopkins, llotchkiss, rnacr-
sol), Junoltes, Alexander 11. Jones. Judd, Julian, Kcl-
lo££, Keisey, IvovntK, George V. Lawrence, "William
Lawrcnce, Loan, Logan, Mallory. Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McKee, Miller, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Newshain, Norris, Nunn, Paine, Per ham, Pettis,
Pierce, 1'ike, Plants, Polsley, Prince, Bauifi, Ross,
Sawyer, Scheuck, Scolield, Selye, Shanks, Shell.i-
har^er, Spa,lding, Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes. Stover, Tatfe, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Oosou, Robert 'X. Van Horn, Vidal, Ward, Eltliu B.
Wa<diburne, Henry 1). Wa-diburn, Welkcr, Whittc-
moie, Thomas Williams, William Williams. James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridite—112.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer.
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Banks,
Benton, Blackburn, Blaine, Chanler, Cook, Cornell,
Dickey, Dockery, Ela, Fox, Gravely, Griswoid, Ilam-
t ton, llarding. Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
"iV Hubbard, Kerr, Ketcham, Lash, Lincoln, Lynch,
McCormiek, Mereur, Morrissey, Myers, Newcomb,
Orth, Peters,Pile,Pomeroy,Robinson, Sypher, Law-
rence S. inmble, VanAernam, Van Auk en, Burt
Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader 0. Washburn,
and Stephen F. Wilson—48,
bo the House refused to lay the bill on
the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PETE RS stated that he'was pafted upon
this questi-on with Mr. Archer. Mr. Archer
would have voted "ay " and he (Mr. Peters).
"no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. McCARTHY moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. KERR called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The proximity of the hour
for the joint meeting of the two Houses post-
pones the farther consideration of this bill
until after the adjournment of the joint meet-
ing of the two Houses.
ARRANGEMENT 01? THE HALL.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read that
part of the joint rule which specifies how the
Hall shall be arranged at the meeting of the
two Houses.
The Clerk read as follows:
"At such jointmeeting of the two Houses seats shall
be provided as follows: for the President of tho Sen-
ate, the Speaker's chair; for the Speaker, a chair
immediately upon his left; for Senators, in the body
of tho Hall upon tho right of the Presiding Officer;
for tho .Representatives, in tho body of the Hall not
occupied by the Senators; for tho tellers. Secretary
of the Senate, and Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, at the Clerk's desk; for tho other officers of
the two Houses, in front of the Clerk's desk and upon
either side of the Speaker's platform."
The SPEAKER. Under this joint rule of
the two Houses the first five tiers of seats in the
southeast quarter of the Hall are reserved for
tho Senate of the United States. The members
who are occupying them will be kind enough
to vacate them and occupy seats in other parts
of the Hall.
The members occupying tho scats designated
then vacated them.
counting tub electoral votes.
At one o'clock p. m. the Doorkeeper an-
nounced the Senate of tho United States.
The Seriate entered the Hall, preceded by
its Sergeant-at-Anns and headed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore and the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, the members and officers of the House
rising to receive them. The Senators took the
seats set apart for them in the eastern section
of the Hall.
The President, of the Senate took his seat as
Presiding Officer of the joint convention of the
two Houses, the Speaker occupying a chair on
the left of the President of tho Senate.
Senator Cokklwg, the teller appointed on
the part of the Senate, and Messrs. Wilson,
of Iowa, and Pjcmiyn, the two tellers appointed
on the part of the House, took their seats at
the Clerk's desk, at which the Secretary of
the Senate and tho Clerk of the House also
occupied seats.
ThePRESIDENTpj'otenjwe of the Senate.
The Senate and House of Representatives hav-
ing met under the provisions of the Constitution
for the purpose of opening, determining, and
declaring the votes for the offices of President
and Vice President of the United States for the
term of four years commencing on the 4th of
March next, and it being my duty, in the pres-
ence of both Houses thus convened, to open
the votes, I now proceed to discharge that duty.
The President pro tempore then proceeded
to open and hand to the tellers the votes of the
several States for President and Vice President
of the United States, commencing with the
State of New Hampshire.
SenatorCONKLING, one of the tellers, read
in full the certificate of the vote of tho State
of New Hampshire, giving five votes for Ulysses
S. Grant, of Illinois, for President of the United
States, and live votes for Schuyler Colfax, of
Indiana, forVice President of the United States.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
the certificates of the votes of the other States
will not be read in full, but only the results
stated, except when the reading of any certifi-
cate in full shall be called for by any member.
The tellers reported, through Senator Coxk-
lixg, that they had examined the vote of the
State of Massachusetts ; that they found it in
due form ; that allthe votes given for President
of the United States were-twelve, all of which
were for Ulysses'S. Grant, of the State of
Illinois-; and that all the votes given for Vice
President of the United States were twelve, all
of which were for Schuyler Colfax, of the State
of Indiana.
The same form was observed in announcing
the votes of the other States until the State
of Louisiana was announced, when
Mr. MULLINS said: Mr. President, I call
for the reading in full of the certificate accom-
panying the return of-the vote of Louisiana*
The certificate was read; after which
Mr. MULLINS said: I object to the count-
ing of the vote from the State of Louisiana.
The PRESIDENT. The rule in this case
will be read.
The rule was road, as follows-.
"If,upon the readingof anysitch certificate by tho
tellers, any question shall arise in regard to counting
the votes therein certified, the same having been
stated by the Presiding Officer, theSanate shall there-
upon withdraw, and said question shall be submitted
to that body for its decision; and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives shall in like manner sub-
mit said question to the House Of Representatives
for its decision: and no question shall be decided
affirmatively, and no vote objected to shall be counted,
except by the concurrcnt votes of the two Houses,
which being obtained, the two Houses shall imme-
diately reassemble, and the Presiding Officer shall
theu announce the decision of the question submit-
ted; and upon any such question there shall be no
debato in either House. And any other question
pertinent to the object for which tho two Houses arc
assembled may bo submitted and determined in like
manner."
The PRESIDENT. Objection has been made
to counting the vote of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I insist that the rule which has just
been read is in direct contravention of the
terms of the Constitution. I call attention to
the following clause of the twelfth amendment
to the Constitution, which is as follows:
"ThePresident of tho Senate shall, in the pres-
ence of the Senate and House of Representatives,
open all tho certificates, and tho votes ahall then ho
counted."
The PRESIDENT. The rule which has
been read is one that was adopted by both
Houses. The Chair declines to entertain the
question of order, but will say that he believes
the rule to be in accordance with the Consti-
tution.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to a question of
order, which I think will be entertained by the
Chair. I submit that the objection made by
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mullins]
does not raise the question contemplated by
the rule which has been read. To bring the
case within the rule there must be specific
objection, and until such specific objection
shall be urged there is no occasion for the Sen-
ate to retire.
The PRESIDENT. It will be observed that
the rule says:
" If, upon the reading of any such certificate by the
tellers, any question shall arise in legard to counting
tho votes therein certified," &e.
The stating an objection without assigning
any reason therefor, in the opinion of tho Chair,
is hardly "raising a' question," within tho
meaning of the rale. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mdli.iks] will therefore state
in writing tho reason for his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mullixs] will
withdraw his objection, and let this matter
proceed.
Senator SUMNER. Iwouldinquirewhether
we might not pass over the case of Louisiana
informally, and proceed with the rest of the
count? i
Mr. WOOD. I objcctto that, Mr. President.
Let us go on regularly.
Senator SAULSBURY. I would like to
know the objection that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States is to consider.
The PRESIDENT. No debate is in order
till the reason of this objection shall be pre-
sented.
Senator SAULSBURY. I call for the read-
ing of the objection.
The PRESIDENT. The reason for the
objection will be read.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, (one of the tellers,)
