104
THE • €O^T0RESSIQN"^L GJLOBI:
December 1$,
with all its attending calamities,; ■ that, in short,
there is no process by which it can be done,
howeverruinous, thatdoesnotinvolvetime. If
tlije.Goveramentshould pay out the §70,000,000
surplus gold now in the- Treasury in the re-
demption of an- equal amount of greenbacks
the whole country would know that it was not
prepared'to redeem any more. The gold paid
oat would not pass into circulation, but sink
hack into an article, of..merchandise, the bal-
ance of the greenback currency be but little
improved, ;and the net result of the operation
wftuld simply be-the contraction of the currency
to,the efctenfcof $70,000,000 and the indefinite
postponement of the redemption of the bal-
ance, .
• But the great obstacle to the return,to specie
payments, a"nd the one which, we will have the
greatest difficulty in overcoming, is the inter-
est against it. The premium upon gold, and
the advantages it gives to certain classes over
others, was-unavoidable-in the beginning, but
should not be allowed to continue a single day
longer tha-u is Necessary. The present condi-
tion of thingsproducesgreatinequalitiesamong
the people,, which if longer continued will give
rise to heartburnings and tend to demoralize
the public sentiment in relation to our national
obligations;
To illustrate: I will suppose that A-kas an
income of $5,000 in gold derived from inter-
est o,n United S.tates stocks. Upon this he
would pay an, income tax in currency, but no
tax on the stocks from which it is derived.
When this income is converted into currency
it will net him about seven thousand dollars.
On t.lie other hand, B has an income of §5,000
in currency derived from agriculture, mer-
chandise, or manufactures, and pays a tax of
at least two per cent, on the appraised value
of the different kinds of property from which
this income is derived. This will reduce his
income probably to $3,500, upon which he pays
an income tax, leaving a balance in favor ot' A,
as between them, of $3,500.
To illustrate again: A is the owner of J10,000
five-twenty bonds, from which he derives an
income of $600 in gold. This gold, when con-
verted, will realize $800 in currency, and upon
his bonds he pays no tax whatever. B is the
owner of $10,000 in six per cent, railroad
bonds, from wliieh he derives an income of
$000 in currency, and upon these bonds he
pays at least two per cent, for State and county
purposes, which will reduce his income to $400,
just one half the amount of A's. B may, per-
haps, not feel very comfortable over this state
of things, and will be led to inquire into the
cause of this gross inequality. He will be told
that so far as it arises from taxation it is una-
voidable, as the States cannot tax Govern-
ment, securities; but so far as it arises from the
condition of the currency speedy relief may be
afforded by the Government if it will. Equal
rights are the gift of God to all men, and equal
conditions in society, equal facilities for ac-
quiring wealth, equal rewards for labor, and
the equal support of public burdens should be
given by every Government to its people so
far as it may he possible.
To the man who lent his money to the Gov-
ernment to carry on the war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion 1 ain grateful. "Whatever
may have been his motives lie was a public
benefactor, and entitled to the thanks of the
nation. To him the Government must keep
faith, whatever that faith may be; for good
faith covers a nation like a clear and refreshing
atmosphere, which impartshealth and vigor to
men and through which all nature seems beau-
tiful and bright. But when faith is broken, it
is as if the air were, filled with noxious vapors,
which obscure the sight, impair the health, and
end in darkness, disease, and death. But while
our creditors should receive all that they are
entitled to in law and equity it is not bail faith
to improve the condition of the balance of the
people and bring them up as nearly as possi-
ble to the same prosperous level. The exemp-
tion from taxation is a legitimate advantage,
as it results from the nature of their securities;
but the additional profit of a premium on their
gold was accidental in the beginning, and if con-
tinued fortheir benefit, and beyond the neces-
sity which created it, would become fraudulent
to the rest of the nation. .
The credit of the Government of the United
States was never so good as it is now. There
is more confidence to-day in the perpetuity of
the Government than ever before. It has been
tried as no existing Government ever has, and
in the midst of the deadly struggle, when its life
seemed to hang upon a thread, revealed the
existence of a creditand Of vast resources that
astonished the world. At the beginning of the
war, and before, it could not borrow a dollar in
Europe, and can scarcely be said to have had
any credit; and this was one of the things re-
lied upon by the conspirators in their calcu-
lations as to the amount of resistance it could
make to the rebellion. Its resources never
developed so rapidly as now, were never so
well understood as now, and the faith of the
people in the destiny cif our country is greater
than ever before. While_ there are very few
men iu the country who doubt the ability of
the Government to pay off the whole debt^ I
have never met with one who doubted its abil-
ity to redeem or pay off the legal-tender notes.
In regard to the redemption of these notes it
has never been a question of ability but of
purpose, and to say that these notes cannot
be paid until the general credit of the Govern-
ment is improved by the expenditure of some
hundreds of millions in the purchase of bonds
that will not be due for years is to fly into the
face of common sense and insult the intelligence
of the people.
If, as I have before said, there is an intimate
and inexorable relation existing between the
legal tender currency of a country and its pub-
lic securities, by which the value of its securi-
ties can never get beyond that of the currency
in which the business of the country may be
said to "live, move, and have its being," then
the application of the gold to come into the
Treasury for the next five or ten years to the
purchase of bonds could add but little, if any-
thing, to" the value of the rest of the bonds or
the currency. But one thing is certain, that
while nobody doubts the ability of the Gov-
ernment to pay the notes by making reason-
able preparations, if the Government neglects
or abandons the currency, under whatever
pretense or disguise, and applies its surplus
revenues to the purchase of bonds, with a view
to improve the value of the rest of them, and
thus legislate for the benefit of a class—the
only class in this country doing well enough,
and better than any other—the currency will
sink from that hour, and the very foundations
of good faith will be shaken. Such legislation
would be notoriously and wickedly partial and
unjust. What would be thought of agreat rail-
road corporation that should refuse to pay its
overdue floating debt, and apply its current rev-
enues to the liquidation of its long bonds, under'
the pretense that it would thereby improve its
ability to pay its floating debt? But such legis-
lation would be as stupid as it Would be wicked
for the depressed currency would inevitably
carry down the bonds in its close embrace.
While our overdue paper, drawing no interest,
and for which no time'of payment is fixed, and
no preparation made, must necessarily be
depreciated as it now is, st.ill that depreciation
would be far greater but for the general faith
existing among the people that the Govern-
ment will speedily make arrangements for its
redemption. When this faith is broken the
currency will sink lower, and sink rapidly.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his last
report, after making an able argument to show
the evils of a depreciated currency, begins his
discussion as to the means of returning to spe-
cie payments with the following statement:
" Tin; Secretary,still adheres to the opinion so fre-
quently expressed by him, that a redaction of the
paper circulation of the country until it appreciated
i i to the specie standard was the true solution of our
financial problem. Btitaa tblspoliey w-asretnpBatia.
ally condemned by Congress, and it is now top tatq
to return to it, he recommends the following? meas-
ures as the next best calculated to effect tlie desired
result."- ' ' '
Here the Secretary reiterates his former
opinion, that by largely contracting the paper
currency the rest of it would be appreciated to
par. How such contraction wo.uld have this
effect "he has never, shown, and the opinion
results from, a misapprehension of the causes
wBicK depreciate the paper currency, . Sup-
pose the gi-eenback,currency .was. contracted
down to $100,000,000, could the remaining
hundred millions be brought to par,in any
other way than by making arrangements to
redeem it ? _
Yori cannot pay a debt without .paying it,
and every.trick or device to bring the currency
up to par without making preparations to re-
deem it according to the, promise on .its face
will be abortive and disastrous. The, currency
is depreciated because it is overdue and dis-
honored, draws no interest, and there is no
time fixed or preparation made for its;redcmp-
tion ; and these causes wo.ujd depreciate it if
there were but $1,000,000 of it afloat. The
effort to force depreciated and irredeemable
paper up to par by making it scarce and pinch-
ing the people is like an attempt to enhance
the price of unwholesome provisions by pro-
ducing a famine.
The means he suggests for returning to specie
payments are twofold. The first is to legalize
specific contracts to be executed in coin. I
voted for a bill for that purpose last session
without mnch consideration, and have since
become satisfied it was an error. The un-
wary would be enticed into such contracts
by the crafty, and those in straightened cir-
cumstances or under heavy pressure would be
forced into them. No man can safely make a
contract to be executed in coin while the cur-
rency is depreciated and the financial condition
of the country is fluctuating. Such contracts,
where not brought about by coercion or fraud,
would be in the nature of gold,-gambling—the
one party trusting that gold w.e,uld.be at a large
premium when the contract, was due,, and the
other that it would command little or none.
It could hardly be -distinguished,from a con-
tract for the delivery of gold at -a future time.
Should "coin contracts be legalized, however,
as proposed, it should, only be in connection
with some general plan to return to specie pay-
ments at a fixed period. But, aside from the
evils and hardships to result from such con-
tracts, how could they appreciate the value of
the currency any more than common contracts
for the future delivery of gold ? They would
not constitute any preparation on the part of
the Government for the redemption of the cur-
rency, and therefore could not, to any percep-
tible extent, appreciate its value.
The second means for returning to specie
payments is contained in the following passage
from the Secretary's report:
"And he therefore recommends, in addition to the
enactmentby which contracts for thepaymentof coin
can be enforced, that it be declared thatafter tbelst
day of January, 1870, United States notes shall cease
to be a- legal tender in payment of all privato debts
subsequently contracted, and that after the 1st day
of January, 1871, they shall cease to bo a legal ten-
der on any contract or for any purpose whatever,
cxcept Government dues, for which they are now
receivable. Dhe law should also authorize the con-
version of these notes, at the pleasure of the holders,
into bonds bearing such rate of interest as may be
authorized by Congress on the debt into which" the
present outstanding bonds may be funded."- -
It is not enough, it seems, that the currency
is already depreciated thirty pe'r cent'.; that
the Government has violated its contract with
the holders and dishonored its pledge; but it
is now proposed to strike of? at least one third
of its market value by stripping it of its legal-
tender character; Its legal-tender character,
by which it is made lawful money and may be
used in. the payment of debts, has added at
least one thitd to its current value. And this
heavy loss the Secretary proposes to inflict -
upon the holders of the currency at the times
