1S68. '
mKGmmQMSXf. •GrLOBEi
m
mentioned. "The Government eoulti be guilty
of no clearer aet of repudiation;1 'do- strike
off one third of their value in the hawis of the
people does not differ in principle froifi making
them wholly worthless. While they are depre-
ciated and unprovided for, the Government
has no right to withdraw from them atiy ele-
ment which goes to constitute their vahie-.
To show that such a measure wotild be re-
pudiation in fact, let us consider the character
of the contract between the holder of a green-
back note and the' Government;It' is to pay
so many dollars'to the bearer or holder Orv de-
mand. This is the original contract between
the Government and the holder. The privi-
lege df funding the notes into the five-twenty
bonds, conferred by the act of February 25,
1862, and which the Secretary proposes to re-
establish, only reducing the rate of interest on
the bonds, is a mere collateral privilege, and
in no wise affects the right of the holder of the
note to demand the performance of the ori-
ginal contract printed on its face. When the
Government, therefore, refuges to perform the
original contract, and throws the holder en-
tirely upon his collateral privilege of1 funding
the notes into bonds, the act forms the clear-
est possible definition of Repudiation, and does
not differ in principle from the proposition of
the President to apply the'payment of the in-
terest to the extinguishment of the bonded
debt. When the greenbacks have been brought
to par, and the Government stands ready to
redeem them, then, and not till then, can their
legal-tender character be taken away wilhou't
repudiation.
Suppose that Congress should pass a bill
providing that 'when the five-twenty bonds are
due the holders may fund them into a three
per cent, bond, and that, if they refuse to ex-
change, the Government will make no provis-
ion for their payment. The Secretary would
call that repudiation, and yet the case is dif-
ferent in no respect, from what he proposes.
The greenback note promises to pay so mahy
dollars on demand.' The bond promises to pay
so many dollars at a particular time. The
greenback note declares that it is " a legal
tender for all debts, public and private, except
duties on imports and interest on the public
debt," which gives it one third its current
value. The bond promises to pay six per cent,
in gold, which is its chief element of value. The
greenback note promises to pay to the bearer,
and so does the bond. The title to each of
them passes bv mere delivery, and there is no
more personality about the one than there is
about the other. The moral and legal obliga-
tions of the one promise are precisely equal to
those of the other, and Congress has as much
right to strike out the interest on the bond as
to strike out the legal-tender clause on the
note. The value of the greenback note may
be so depreciated as to make it the interest of
the holder to fund it "into a bond bearing t.he
very lowest rate of interest or no interest at
all, and Congress might by legislation so im-
pair the value of the five-twenty bond* as to
make it the interest of the holder to exchange
it for a bond drawing interest only at the rate
of two pex' cent. The Secretary proposes to
take from the greenback currency one third of
Its current value by striking from it its legal-
tender character, and then authorizing the
holder to fund it into a bond drawing a low
rate of interest, at the same time telling him.
in substance, that this is a final measure, and
that if he does not fund he will get nothing.
But it is true that by stripping the currency
of its legal-tender character the country will at
once be brought to specie payments; that is to
say, there will then be no lawful money but
gold and silver which would be a legal tender
:ri payment of debts, and every man would be
required to pay coin on his contracts. But the
Secretary could not afford to strike down the
value of the currency in this way without sug-
gesting some provision for it, and so, notwith-
standing the fact that he had just said that the
policy of contraction had been emphatically
condemned by Congress'and it is now too- latfe"-
to; return to"itt he says1 the' law stripping the'
notesoftheirlegal-tendet character should also
provide for funding'them'into'bonds, at the
pleasure of the holder, bearing such rate of
interest as may be authorized by'Congress on
the debt into which the present outstanding
bonds may be funded. 1£ may well be i magined
that the holders of the notes will then be-ready
to fupdthem into any sprt,'6f terid. But, What
is-thatiiutcontraction, pure and simple?
The Secretaiy's policy tr&verts ^Mi^cjrcle,
whieh invariably,bringahiip batik to con traction.'
He proposes nothing for redemption^ an A offers
only that policy which he says has been emphat-
ically condemned by Congress and as .emphat-
ically by the country. Contraction is the '1 San"
grado policy," of bleeding the country nearly to
death to cure it of a disease which demapds
tonics and building up. The withdrawal, of
even $100,000,000 of the circulation would
produce great stringency.in the money market,
innumerable "bankruptcies, and most likely
result in panic and crash from which the coun-
try would not recover for jrears, arid,during
which the power of the Government to fund the
debt and redeem the balance of the greenback
currency would be paralyzed. To contract the
currency to the extent of funding all the green-
backs would be financial suicide—would pre-
cipitate a disaster to the trade, industry, and
prosperity of the country for which there is no
example in history. We must not return to
specie payments in that way. We must de-
scend the mountain by easy slopes and gentle
curves, though it may take much longer, rather
than spring from the top of the precipice to be
dashed to pieces at the bottom.
But it is broadly intimated by the Secretary
that the Supreme Court will decide the laws
making the greenbacks a legal tender in pay-
ment of debts to be unconstitutional, and there-
fore void. If the deed is to be done let it be
by the court, and not by Congress. But it would
have to be a very clear case that would justify
the court in making a decision fraught with
such terrible calamities to the country. If
there be doubts hanging about the question
they should be cast in favor of the legislation
of Congress and the preservation of the vast
interests that are dependent on the mainte-
nance of the law. The Supreme Gourt, having
jurisdiction over questions involving vast po-
litical, commercial, and social interests, should
be something more than the rigid expounder
of statutes or collator of precedents, and should
view such questions as statesmen as well as
lawyers.
It was Lord Mansfield who plucked up by the
roots the hoary abuses of the law, however
deeply imbedded in ancient authorities, and
who, in the construction of statutes and settle-
ment of great questions, decided them in ac-
cordance with the progress of the times and
the new conditions of society, and thus ren-
dered himself immortal in the history of juris-
prudence.
Believing, as I do, that these laws are consti-
tutional and were imperatively necessary at the
timeoftheir passage, I should look upon a decis-
ion by which they would be suddenly destroyed
with horror, and the court making it would
descend in history as the author of the most
appalling financial disaster that ever occurred
in any country. But I have full faith in the
learning, ability, and patriotism of that august
tribunal, and believe it will not renderits decis-
ion until the question has been viewed in all its
bearings and consequences. To return to specie
payments without a crash is the great desidera-
tum, and this can only be done by making the
process gradual. Time is a necessary element,
and the first question to be considered is the
period which should be fixed by the Govern-
ment to begin the redemption of the greenback
notes, and in my bill I have stated the 1st dajr ot
July, 1871. Fixing a time must be the starting
point of any plan which proposes to bring
about resumption without crash and disaster.
In proposing to give two years and a half to
begin- the work of redemption I have' seveSaSf
dbjects in'ylew-: . - , "•
• First. By establishing thgpferiod of reflemp-'
tioria fixed value is given tO'thejj^-'eenback'tKjte.'
Nowits gold Value is fluctuating and deceptive/
sometimes varying as touch'as temper cerit. iff
sixty days, and scares' ever remaining the same
for a week at a time. But 'by fixing a time fbPiHl
redemption a certain value is SiVen to it. If
the note is to bepaidin gold on the 1st ofJuly,
1871, its value Can be determined by the ordi-
nary rules of discount, and Will steadilyimprovS
as the time for its redemption approachesand
other preparations beingpropCrly riiade, it will
be at pat On or before the day fixed for redemp-
tion by gradual appreciation. By fixing the
time! of' redetnptioh one chief element in the
Value of all commercial paper is gained, that-1
of certaiiity in the time of payment. 1
SecoM,, By fixing the period of redemption
the' country is notified atid may* be prepared
for the change.' People'witl have it in -view in
making new contracts and nitangemertts in
business, and'debtors, fearing a decline in the
prices of property, will make haste to pay their
debts. Duvitig'this Wo and a half years the
great-body of existing debts among the people
will be paid.- The debt now contracted, which
will' not fall due for two years and a half, is
very small; and is generally forreal estate. The
great difficulty generally attendingthe improve-
ment in the value of the Currency and the re-
sumption of specie payments, where they have
been suspended, is the reduction in the nominal
prices of property and labof, which operates
injuriously upon 'the debtor class. It is gen-
erally true that as the purchasing power of the
currericy is increased the nominal prices of
property are diminished. But this effect is
sometimes counteracted by the iticrease in the
volume of the currency. The inflation of the
Currency, even though it be composed' of gold
and' silver: exclusively, increases the nominal
prices of property, of which we have a notable
instance in the history of Spain. When re-
sumption takes place' all the gold and silver
will be set free and poured into the vOlu'me of
the currency, thereby inflating it to a consid-
erable extent, because the Whole amount of
gold and silver is vety much greater than the
whole amount of greenbacks that will be pre-
sented for redemption.
But, as before stated, the period of redemp-
tion is postponed so long that the great-body
of the existing debt will be paid before it
arrives, and the declension in th'e'prices of
propeity, which is likely to be small, would
affect but a very limited class, and- would
scarcely reach the general business of the
country. The time given is so long that
it will become stale in the public mind, all
excitement and panic will pass away, and the
change come so gently on that people will
almost have forgotten it when it arrives.
Third. By fixing the period of redemption
so far off the Government will have time to
collect the amount of gold that will be neces-
sary.
And first I will consider the amount of gold
that will probably be required, and with which
it will be safe to begin redemption. It is shown
by the history of banking that solvent and
well-conducted banks can safely canyon opera-
tions when they have one dollar in golden their
vaults to three dollars of their circulation. _ It
is also shown by bank history that banks which
have suspended specie payments, but whose
solvency and good management are not sus-
pected, have been able to resume when they
have gotten into their vaults one dollar in gold
to two and a half dollars of their circulation.
The credit of the Government is better than
that of any bank, and it can, in my opinion,
resume on a smaller proportion of gold than
any suspended bank under the old system.
The greenback notes, notwithstanding their
depreciation, have one great merit which did
not belong to the paper of any of the old State
banks, which is that they are of uniform value
in every part of the United States. They are
