iw
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®:
December 16,
fat more convenient than coin for all business
purposes. They can be sent to every part of
the country in- payment of debts better and
cheaper than the transportation of coin. The
traveler from Maine to Minnesota can carry
$50,000 of it about his person witfepat incon-
venience or observation, saving to him thfc
labor and anxiety of carrying coin, or the pur-
chase of a bill of exchange. If brought to
par they would be the most desirable currency
the country has ever knpwn,,and the causes
which usually bring about a run on the,banks
for gold would, not operate, against them or
have any effect upon their value. Under the
old State baftk system, to which it is hoped the
country will never return, there was a far
greater demand for gold than would occur
under the present. The banks being local in
tlieir character, and their paper not current in
distant parts of the country, led to a demand
on them lor gold by travelers or those who had
debts to pay at distant, points where their notes
were not current. From these and other con-
siderations it is doubtful whether as much as
one hundred millions of greenback notes,would-
be preseutedforredemption. When the green-
back note is as good as gold then the people
will not want gold, unless for specific purposes,
for it would be an inconvenience and burden.
The whole question may be thus stated.- if
the Government is strong with gold to redeem
all the notes that may be presented but little
gold will be demanded, because it will be worth
no more than-greenbacks; but if the Govern-
ment is weak and only able to redeem a small
part of the currency the gold will be hastily
drawn out to sell in the market at a profit.
It is true there are $300,000,0^0 of national
bnnk notes in circulation, for the redemption
of which the Government is bound, under the
conditions of the national banking law, and it
has been urged that when the period fixed for
redemption arrives the national banks would
immediately rush to the Treasury with all their
greenback reserves and drain it of a large part
of its gold. To avoid this difficulty, and to
make the process still more gradual, and to
avoid all rush upon the Treasury or the banks,
I propose, by my bill, that the banks shall not
be required to redeem their notes in specie
until the 1st of January, 1872, and during the
preceding six months shall be required to hold
m their vaults the same amount of greenback
reserves, in which they may, as now, redeem
their notes. If, during that period, they are
required to hold their greenback reserves, as
now, of course they cannot rush to the Treas-
ury with them to get gold, and at the end of
the time the Government will be able to meet
their demands without trouble or danger. To
give the banks six months to redeem their
notes in gold—and perhaps I may move to
make it a year—beyond the time when the
Government begins the redemption of the
greenback currency, will bo no hardship to the
Government or the people; for national bank
notes being convertible into greenbacks, they
will be of equal value and at par, and persons
holding the bank notes who want gold for
them will only have to present them to the
banks and receive greenbacks in exchange, on
which they would get the gold.
And now I will consider the question how
the Government, shall procure the gold to com-
mence the work of redemption.
To this I answer that the sales of gold by
the Secretary of the Treasury must be stopped,
and the surplus gold now in the Treasury, and
that which will accrue hereafter, over and
above the sums required to pay the interest on
the public debt ana for specific uses, shall be
it-served and set apart for the redemption of
the greenback notes. There is now in the
Treasury a surplusof notless than $70,000,000,
and the accruing surplus under the present
tariff for the next two and a half years can-
not be less than $100,000,000, which will,
together make $170,000,000.
It is very difficult to form an estimate of the
amount of gold in the country. " The Director
of the Mint in- Philadelphia in 1801 estimated-
the amount of gold ift the country at that time,
to be $275,000,000, which I have no doubt
was much short of the actual amount.
The Comptroller of the Currency (Mr. Hulburd) in
. hid revert lust- year estimated the go la proauet
from our mines from,30th June, I860, to 3 >rh Jano.
1867. at   $411,320,000
The imports of gold Irom abroad during ■
the game period were  <8,9,x>,D$/
Tho product* of the minesduring tile year . .,
ending June 30,1888, are estimated at... /o.000,000
Making in tho aggregate   840,2o3,5S7
To which-iaay be added the goldcircula-
tion in California and other gold-pro-
ducing States, notinoluded in the above
calculation—estimated at  50,000.000
Making in all  890,253,587
Deducting the amount of gold exported
during tho same period  4i7,/40,908
Leaver a balance of.  412,512,6(9
There is also anothcrlarge import of gold
into-the country from Europe of which
there is no official rccord, tho amount
of which can only be guessed at. I
•moan that whioh is brought in small
sums by emigrants, who come to our
countiy at the rate of half a million a
year. I have heard various conjectures
as to the amount thus brought to the
country, and none have put it lower
than $20,000,000 per anuum for the last
eight years, making the sum of.  160,000,000
Which, added to the above, makes a total
sum of,     - $372,512,679
But to make allowance for mistakes and ex-
aggerations 1 estimate the gold and silver coin
in the country at $375,000,000.
The product of the mines, for the year ending
June 30, 1869, may be safely estimated at
$75,000,000, and after that at $100,000,000 per
annum. When the Pacific railroad is com-
pleted, which will be next year, the facilities
i'or getting to the mines in California, Nevada,
Idaho, Colorado, Utah, and Montana, and for
the transportation of heavy machinery neces-
sary forquartz mining, will be greatly increased
and must add very largely to the gold and
silver product..
But, after all, the question of the amount of
gold in the country is by no means so important
as might at first be supposed. When the green-
back notes begin to appreciate in value our
bonds will inevitably advancc along with them,
and it will be a very easy matter for the Gov-
ernment theij to procure enough gold abroad
on its bonds, added to that which is in the
Treasury, to redeem the whole greenback circu-
lation ; and to this end I have in my bill pro-
vided that the Secretary of the Treasury may,
as the time for redemption approaches, nego-
tiate bonds drawing interest for the purpose of
procuring gold sufficient to complete the work
of redemption.
But it has been said that if the Government
reserves the surplus gold in the Treasury as
proposed it would become scarce in the mar-
ket and difficult for importers to obtain enough
with which to pay duties. This objection might
have some force were it not for other consid-
erations. When the Government fixes the
time for the redemption of the greenback
notes those who have been hoarding gold will
think the time to sell it has come. If, they
hold it until the time of redemption comes it
will be worth no more than greenbacks. It
would be bett-er for them to sell when the
premium is thirty-five cents than to hold it
until the premium is only twenty five or ten
cents; and the natural, and I may say the in-
evitable, effect of fixing a time for redemption
will be to throw a large amount of gold into
the market that has hitherto been hoarded.
It will then be better to hold greenbacks which
are appreciating than gold which will soon lose
its premium. Beside that, reserving the gold
in the Treasury creates a demand tor it and
brings into operation the law which I have
elsewhere discussed, that the supply is governed
by the demand.
The currency is not redundant, as I have
before undertaken to show; and contraction
should not come this side of redemption, and
paly by the act of redemption. The greenback
notes redeemed may be canceled, atul the coin
paid out fqr them will take their place in the
circulation,,and the currency will become
mixed, but the volume of it will not be dimin-
ished Bringing the greenback notes to par
will, in:chemica! language, " set free " all the
gold and.silver in the land and pour them into
the volume of the currency, thus inflating it,
but the .inflation will be legitimate. Then
national banking may be made free, limited
a«d restrained by the requiremetitof redeeming
their notes in coin. Then there will be one
currency for all the people, and one man's in-
come will be equal to another's oi like amount.
Then our bonds, having kept pace with the
appreciation of the currency, will be at par,
and their disastrous flow to Europe will be
checked. Then the Government can sell a four
per cent, bond in the market at par, and with
the proceeds pay off the present bonds if the
holders refuse to exchange them, and thus
reduce the aggregate interest on the debt more
than forty miliiondoliars per annum. Then the
businessofthecountry willbeuponsolid founda-
tions and its prosperity enduring. At the end
of two years reconstruction will in all prob-
ability have taken place; the blessings of peace
will prevail throughout the land ; the prosper-
ity of the South in great part restored, and
cotton, though never more called king, will
play its former part in our foreign exchanges.
After the ocean has been swept by augry
tempests that have ingulfed gallant fleets and
strewed the shores with wrecks and the bodies
of the dead comes a calm. The mountain
waves sink to gentle billows; the fierce gale
lulls to a prosperous breeze; the sun shines
forth in splendor, and the surviving mariners
with joyful hearts again spread their sails,
resume their courses, and speed away to their
destined haven. So with our country when
peace, reconstruction, and resumption have
come.
It has been swept and rent by the storms of
civil war. The land was strewn with the dead,
and everywhere are visible the vestiges of the
conflict. But peace has come, and with it
reconstruction. The bright sun of prosperity
shines forth in a cloudless sky. Industry,
trade, and commerce again flow in their ac-
customed channels with accelerated currents.
The tide of emigralion, rising higher aud
higher, sweeps across from the Old World.
The wilderness of the West yields up its golden
treasures and blossoms as the rose, and our
country moves on gloriously to its great and
final destiny.
I move the reference of the bill I have just
been discussing to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. It. No. 1537) to repeal certain
provisions of section six of an act entitled
" An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for theyear ending June 80,
18G8,and forotherpurposes," approved March
2, 1807, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (II. 11. No. 1555) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes," •
approved July 20, 18G8, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee ou
Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 1556) to relieve eertaia
persons of all political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth article of the Constitution of
the United States was read twice by its title.
ThePRliSIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The bill will be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary if there be no
objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill relates to the
removal of disabilities in South Carolina. The
Judiciary Committee reported a similar bill
this morning, and I think there is no occasion
to refer this one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it the same bill ?
