1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
There being no objection the amendments of
the Senate were taken up and read, as follows:
Strike out all after the word "that," in line fifteen,
as follows: Nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued so as to legalize any structure which shall ma-
terially injure the navigation of said river; and in-
sert in lieu thereof:
The sairl bridge shall be so constructed and builtas
not to obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the
navigation ofthe river; andin order to secure acorn-
pliance with these conditions thecompany, previous
to commencing the construction of the bridge, shall
submit to the Secretary of Y/ar apian of the bridge,
with a detailed map ofthe river at the proposed site
of the bridge, and for the distance of a mile above
and below the site, exhibiting the depths and cur-
rents at all points of thesame, together with all
other information touching said bridge and river as
may be deemed requisite by the Secretary of War to
determine whether the said bridge when built will
-conform to the prescribed conditions of tho bill, not
to obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the navi-
gation of the river. _ ,
Add to the bill the following additional sections:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of Waris hereby authorized and directed, upon
receiving said plan and map and other information,
and upon being satisfied that abridge built an such
plan and at said locality will conform to the pre-
scribed conditions of this bill, not to obstruct, im-
pair, or injuriously modify the navigation of said
river, to notify the said company that he approves
the same; and upon receiving such notification the
said company may proceed to the erection of said
bridge, conforming strictly to the approved plan and
location. But until tho Secretary of War approve
the plan and location ol said bridge and notitysaid
company of the same in writing the bridge' shall not
be built or commenced; and should any change be
made in the plan of the bridge during the progress
of the work thereon such change shall be subject like-
wise to the approval of the Secretary of War.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That Congress
shall have power at any time to alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
Mr. ROBINSON moved that the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORMAN WIARD.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the joint select Commit-
tee on Orduance a bill fer the relief of Nor-
man Wiard, with a substitute.
Mr. CULLOAL Does not the bill contain
a large appropriation ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The amount is to be paid
out of funds already appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Ohio that his motion to
suspend the rules being now pending the bill
cannot be reported except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am aware of that.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. S 1'EVENS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will withdraw his objec-
tion and allow me to make a brief explana-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] has demanded the
regular order of business.
Mr. STEVENS. As I understand this is a
matter in which the gentleman from Ohio feels
a strong personal interest, I withdraw the
demand for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, and
then the Chair will ask for objections.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Navy to pay the sum of
$12o,848 49 to Norman Wiard out of any ap-
propriation made for the support of the Navy
Department, provided that sum be accepted by
him as in full for all guns of steel made by him
and delivered in 1861, and afterward-sold by
the Navy Department, he not having been paid
for them, and in full for all expenditures in-
curred in making experimental guns for the
Government in 1863 and 1864 under a joint
agreement with the War and Navy Depart-
ments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask consent to explain
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks for a few moments to explain the bill be-
fore the Chair asks for objection. If there is no
objection the gentleman will have five minutes.
The Chair hears none:
Mr. SCHENCK. Thereisa very full report
on this subject from the joint select Committee
on Ordnance containing all the proofs and
statements in the case. This is the unanimous
report of the joint select committee, consisting
of Senators and Representatives.
The case disclosed is simply this: Mr. Wiard,
under a contract with the Government to make
steel guns, bought the steel and other material,
paid for it all in gold at the time, did the work,
and delivered the guns to the Government; but
there was some difficulty about the contract,
and he never was paid. His guns have been
sold and the money derived from the sale paid
into the Treasury, and Mr. Wiard now stands
knocking at the door of Congress asking for
relief.
Mr. HARDIN G. When was this steel bought ?
Mr. SCHENCK. In 1862 and 1863, during
the war. It is all disclosed in the report of
the committee; there is a very full report, giv
ing the whole testimony in the case. A bill
for his relief, two bills I believe, the substance
of both of which is embraced in this one, passed
the House and went to the Senate, but failed
there simply for want of time. The very Sen-
ator who objected to it, thinking injustice had
been done, at the very next session introduced
a similar bill in the Senate ; but that also failed
for wg,nt of time.
The matter was then referred to the joint se-
lectCommittee on Ordnance, consistingof three
Senatorsand three Representatives; they have
investigated the whole subject from beginning
to end, and the Senators and Representatives
of whom the committee is composed are unan-
imously of opinion that it is a clear, strong,
just case, and that the lowest amount that ought
to be paid to that gentleman is the sura pro-
posed in this bill. We also find that no spe-
cial appropriation for this purpose is necessary,
for there is a sufficient amount under the con-
trol of the Navy Department to pay this claim.
We therefore propose that it shall be paid out
of appropriations already made for the Navy
Department. No interest has been computed
in making up the amount.
Mr. HARDING. What was the gross
amount of purchases for this purpose made by
this claimant?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not recollect; it is
all in the report. The price allowed is the
actual contract price without any interest,
Mr. WARD. I must object to the consid-
eration of this bill at this time. I do not think
we should pass a bill of this description 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill is not before the House.
Mr. WARD. I desire to say that I do not
think we should pass bills of this importance
without there being a quorum present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can only say that I have
been trying for one month to get an oppor-
tunity to make this report, but have been pre-
vented from doing so.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House, objection being made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I call for the regular
order.
PUBLIC DEBT GOLD CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] pending
at the adjournment last night, to suspend the
rules for the purpose of non concurring in and
asking a committee of conference upon the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
1744, to strengthen the public credit and relat-
ing to contracts for the payment of coin.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is this
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. A motion to
suspend the rules is not debatable, nor pend-
ing such a motion is it in order for a member
to call for the reading of the amendments of
the Senate, for the motion is to suspend all
rules, even the rule which gives any member
the right, to call for the reading of the amend-
ments. But as they are brief they will be read
if there be no objection.
No objection was made.
The amendments of the Senate to the first
section were to strike out "interest bearing '
before "obligations of the Uniied Srates;"
also strike out the words "provided, lioweier,
that before any of said interest-bearing obliga-
tions not already due shall mature or be paid
before maturity the obligations not bearing
interest, known as United States nates, .shall
be made convertible into coin at the option of
the holderso that the section would read aa
follows:
Beit enacted by'ihe Senate and House of Representa-
tives ofthe United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of the Government to discharge all justobli-
gations to the public creditors, and to settle conflict-
ing questions and interpretation^ of the laws by virtue
of which such obligations have been contracted, it is
hereby provided and declared that tho faith of the
"United States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
coin, or its equivalent, of all the ob igations of the
United States, except in cases where the lawauthor-
izing the issue of any such obligation lias expressly
provided that the same may be paid in lawful money
or other cuirency than gold and silver.
The amendment to the second section -was
to strike out the words "and on the trial of a
suit brought for the enforcement of any such
contract proof of the real consideration may
be given;" so that the section would read as
follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any con-
tract hereafter made specifically payable in coin, and
the consideration of which may be a loan of coin, or
a sale of property or the rendering of labor or service
of any kind the price of which as carried into the
contract may have been adjusted on the basis of the
coin value thereof at the time of such sale or the
rendering of such service or labor,shall be legal and
valid, and may be enforced according to its terms.
Also amend the title so as to read "An act
relating to the public debt."
The question was taken upon the motion to
suspend the rules; and upon a division there
were—ayes 50, noes 18; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can appoint
tellers under the rule, but is of opinion that
there is hardly a quorum present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move a call of the
House.
Mr. }?ARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to yield a moment to enable me to ask a non-
concurrence in some Senate amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will withdraw my motion
for a call of the House and yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am directed by the
Committee on Reconstruction to ask unani-
mous consent for the House to non-concur in
the amendments t>f the Senate to the bill for
the removal of disabilities and ask a committee
of conference.
Mr. FERHISS. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the motion for
a call of the House, and ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew the motion for a
call of the House, and on that motion ask for
the yeas aad^nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tfce question was taken; and it waseleoided
in the negative—yeas 42, nays 81, not voting
99 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Bailey,
Beatty, Benjamin, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler,
ltoderick R. Butler, Cake, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Deweese, Eckley, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot,
Ferriss, French, Hardin*?, Hotchkiss, Julian, Kellogg,
KelsGy, Koontz, Lash, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Miller, Moore, Mullins, Niblack. Norris, Pile, Po-
land, Spalding, Stevens, Stover, Twichell, James F.
Wilson, and Wood—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, James M.Ashley,
Baker, Beaman, Beck, Bingham, Blackburn, Blair,
Boutwell, Boyden, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall,
Burr, Callia, Ghurcnill, Clift, Corley, Cullom, Dawes,
Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs, Eidridge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Goss, Govo, llaughey, Hol-
man, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Jenekes, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Keteham, Knott, Laflin, Lincoln, Loan, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCormick, McKee, Mercur, Moorhe&d,
Morrell, O'Neill, Perharn, Peters, Plants, Pomercry.
Prica, Prince, Robertson, Robinson, Roots, SchoncJi,
