1868.
'tm. ;GQJf&EES$ION-AL GlOBSv
mi
, Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator frotn.Shoufc
Carolina ! as been examining it to see if all
the names arethe same. I think it had better
go upon the Calendar and be acted upon with
the olher bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Jt will take
that course if there be no objection. The
Chair hears no objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOOSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced'
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1558) to amend on act
entitled "An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidehce in case of contested elec-
tions," approved February 19,1851; and
A joint resolution (H. it. No. 388) explan-
atory of an act to create an additional land
office in the State of Minnesota, approved
July 25, 1808.
NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. CATTELL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
reported by the Committee on Finance yester-
day with regard to that part of the President's
message which related to the finances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senate that the first business
iu order is the unfinished business of yester-
day. It can be laid aside by unanimous con-
sent, or a motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of another subject will be in order; but
the unfinished business is now regularly in
order. It was laid aside temporarily on the
motion of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from New Jer-
sey is desirous of having a vote on the resolu-
tion just referred to by hira, and i desire to
see that resolution passed myself. If the Sen-
ate is ready to take a vote upon that resolu-
tion I have no objection that the unfinished
business shall still further be laid aside inform-
ally ; but if the resolution is to lead to debate
it seems to me preferable that we should close
one subject at a time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Unquestionably the
proposition of the Senator from New Jersey
will lead to debate. There is no doubt about
that, I should think. If the Senator from Wis-
consin wishes to pass his bill that is all right.
I have nothing to say about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this resolution reported
by the Committee on Finance and under the
charge of the Senator from New Jersey is passed
at all it ought to be passed to-day. It is a
simple condemnation of a certain clause of the
President's message ; and if we think it of suf-
ficient importance to make it it ought to be
done to-day or not at all. I look upon it as a
matter of the very highest importance that the
sense of the Senate should be taken upon the
proposition of the President to repudiate the
whole of the national debt except an annuity
for sixteen years. It seems to me we can take
a vote on that proposition after a little debate,
if gentlemen choose to indulge in it. 1 do not
wish to debate it. But if we intend to act
upon the resolution at all it should be done
before the recess. I admit that if it were a
doubtful proposition it ought not to be acted
on in this way.
Mr. CATTELL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Indiana to the fact
that the resolution of the Finance Committee
was reported in such a shape that they bope
and expect to get the vote of the Senator from
Indiana in favor of it. All the objectionable
features which were represented by him in the
debate have been removed in order to_secure
his vote for the passage of the resolution. I
do not think it will lead to debate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood it was the
resolution that the Senator introduced on the
subject that was to be called up.
Mr. SHERMAN. No,_ sir; another resoli}-
tiUn rbptirtfeti by the coiximittfee; the one offered
by the Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Wu,-
LEY.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to have
the resolution read, as it has lieen reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER._ The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the resolution mentioned by the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And I ask that, it
first
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It may be'
read for the information of the Senate if there
be uo objection. *
The Chief Clerk .read as follows:
Unsolved, That the Senate, properly cherishing and
upholding the good faith and honor ot the nation,
do'hereby utterly disapprove of and c >ndemn tlic sen-
timents and proposition contained in so much of the
late annual message of the President of the United
states as reads as follows: 4* It may bo assumed that
the holders of our securities have already received
upon their bondsa larger amount than their original
investment, measured by a gold standard. Upon
this statement of facts it would seem but just and
equitable that the six per cfcnt. interest now paid by
the Government should be applied to the reduction
of tho principal, in semi-annual installments.which,
in sixteen years and ei^ht months, would liquidate
the entire national dc -t. Six percent, in gold, would
at present rates bo equal to nine per cent, in cur-
rency, aud equivalent to the paymentof the debtowe
and a half tune in a irs\ction less than seventeen
year*. This, in connection witk all the other advan-
tages derived from their investment, would afford to
the public creditors a fair and liberal compensation
for the useof their capital, and with this thev should
be satisfied. The lessons of the past admonish tho
lender that it is not well to. be over auxious in ex-
acting from the borrower rigid compliance with the
letter of the bond."
There seems to be
Mr. HOWE. There seems to be a very
general desire that a vote should be taken upon
this proposition, and I will not stand in the
way of it if there is no objection to the unfin- ■
ished business being laid over informally.
The PHESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business can be laid aside informally if
there be n.o objection. The Chair hears no
objection. The Senator from New Jersey
moves that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration .of the resolution which has just been
read.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion has been read at length. The question js
on iis adoption. [''Question." ^Question.'']
Mr. DA.VIS. I move to strike out all ot
the resolution after the word 11 resolved " and
to insert the followiug as a substitute for it:
That the equitable and true measure of the liabil-
ity of the UnitecVStates upon all thoir bond? issued
during and *ince the termination of. the late rebel-
lion is the value in gold and sivcr coin of the bonds
of the date of their iss>ue respectively, and interest
upon that value.
Mr. President, I have not a great deal to
say in support of my proposition ; but what I,
have to say 1 prefer to say on some other oc-
casion when I can be heard. At this late hour
of the day I did not expect that the proposi-
tion would be called up. I hope, therefore,
that the courtesy of the Senate will continue
the subject over until to-morrow, that I may
occupy its attention for perhaps half an hour
in support of the proposition which I have
moved as a substitute for the original resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 reported this morning,
from the Committee on Finance, a resolution
on which the argument of the Senator from
Kentucky will be much more germane than on
this proposition, and I thinlc, therefore, it
would be no denial of courtesy to him, as the
subject will be constantly before the Senate, to
refuse his request on this occasion. If this
resolution is to pass it ought to be passed at
once and confined entirely to the subject-mat-
ter of the President's message. When the
other resolution is before the Senate the Sen-
ator from Kentucky will have opportunity to
debate the question of his amendment, it has
no pertinency to the message of the President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky that I have already
given notice that either to-night before we
adjourn, or to-morrow, with a view ot con-
sidering it to-morrow, I shall ask the Senate
to take up the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance this morning that I intro-
duced, expressly declaring that -we owe. this
funded debt in coin, which "will raise precisely,
the question, that is suggested in the amende
ment offered,"by the Senator from Kentucky to
this resolution., I suggest to hi in, therefore,
whether it would not be more convenient to
submit his proposition as an amendment to the
resolution referred to rather than to this. That
ill come up in a day or two, certainly.
Mr. DAY IS. In urging any viewsthatl may
entertain iti support of my substituted propo-
sition it will be my purpose to say something
upon the identical proposition that is-set forth
in the message of the President, I am not at
all particular, though, about giving my viewa
at the present time in connection with the res-
olution offered by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, or whether it shall be done upon the
subject of the resolution which the Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from Vermont refer
to. I would prefer,. myself, at a very early
time to say what I have to say upon the sub-
ject. If the proposition referred to by the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Ver-
mont is to come up to-morrow for speedy dis-
cussion, so that I may then have an opportunity
to say what I desire to say, I have no objection
to the matter taking the course which the gen-
tlemen suggest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I can promise
the Senator that either the resolution proposed
by the committee or the one offered by myself
will come up to-morrow. I shall certainly ask
the courtesy of the Senate to take up mine,
according to the notice I have previously given,
in order that at least I may have the oppor-
tunity of expressing some brief views of my
own upon it. I think it safe, therefore, to
assume that the courtesy of the Senate will be
extended to the consideration of that subject
to-morrow. - .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky withdraw his amend-
ment?
Mr. DAVIS. As it seems to be the sense
of the Senate that the subject shall take the
course indicated by the gentlemen, I with-
draw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment being withdrawn, the question is on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, in regard
to this question I occupy jast this attitude : I
do not agree with the sentiments expressed by
the President of the United Slates in that part
of his message which is quoted in the resolu-
tion now before this body ; and, on the other
hand, 1 do not understand it to be the province
of the Senate of the United States, by resolu-
tion, to discuss and express an opinion upon
the sentiments the President may be pleased to
express in his message. It is a constitutional
duty on the part of the President to make his
views known to Congress upon every import-
ant question, and I presume it is the duty of
Congress to consider those views; and any
expression of sentiment that Congress may
have to make upon them ought to be, I should
suppose, in the form of legislation. The rec-
ommendations of the President are made with
a view of influencing the action of Congress in
its legislation. Now, if it is not the pleasure
of Congress to concur with the recommenda-
tions made by the Chief Executive, that^ is
expressed in its refusaUo legislate according
to those views. But is it possible that every
opinion expressed by the Executive which is
not agreeable to the majority must be met by
a resolution of condemnation for fear that
somewhere or other it may be understood that
the Congress ot the United States, by its
silence, acquiesces in those views? AVhy, sn*,
the Constitution itself makes the President s
message to be his own expression of opinion
and advice to Congress. It in no way commits
Congress to an indorsement of his views unless
they be adopted in legislation.
Now, I am not willing to^vote a resolution
of censure; nor am I willing to be understood
as indorsing the precise views that the rres*-
dent of the United States may excess on this
