1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
flcofield, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather. Stokes, Sy-
Sher Tuber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aernam,
fyan Auken. Burt Van llorn. Robert T. Van Hom,
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Weiker and Windom—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ames, Anderson,
Axtell Baldwin. IS.mks. Barnes, Barnum, Benton,
Blaine' Boles. Bowen, Boyer, Buckland, Chanler,
Header W. Clarke, Cook. Cornell, Covode, Delano.
Dickey, I)ixon. Dod<?e, Edwards, Eggleston, James
T Elliott. Fox, Gefz, Glossbreaner, Golladay,
fl'ravelv. Griswold, Oirover. Haitfht, Halsey. Hamil-
ton, Hawkins, Heaton. Higby, Hill, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, Kiehard 1). Hu'ibard, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Judd. Kelley, Kit-
chen, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence. Lo-
gan,' Marshall, Marvin, MeCullough, Morrissey.
Mungen. Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson,
Ifunn, Orth, Paine, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike,
Polsley, Pruyn. Randall, Raum, R , Sawyer, Selye,
Sheliabarger, Sitgreaves. Stewart, Stone, Taffe. Tay-
lor, Thomas, Tift, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Vidal.CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washburne, Whittemore, Thomas
Williams, William Williams. John T. Wilson, Ste-
flien F. Wilson, Woodbridge, Woodward, and
oung—99.
So a call of tire House was not ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] to suspend the rules for the purpose
of non-concurring in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill to strengthen the public
credit, &c., and asking the appointment of a
committee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the ca]l for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to know whether it is in order
now to move to suspend the rales for the pur-
pose of concurring in the amendments of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is already pending, and such a motion is
not amendable.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules,there were—ayes 76, noes 37.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I call for tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN, I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the yeas
and nays tabes precedence of the demand'for
tellers.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 16, noes 93.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered. ;
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the demand of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Loughridge] for tellers on the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Tellers were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schejtck] to suspend the
rules for the purpose of non-concurring in the
amendments of the Senate, and asking the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference, is
agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION" BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. lt.No. 2007) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending J une 80', 1870, and for other
purposes.
Mr. SPALDING. I call the previous ques-
tion on the amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole and the amendments
offered iu the Houfce.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spaldisg] desires to speak on tins
bill he must do so before the House proceeds
to vote on the amendments.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no desire to make
ony speech. I want the House to act on the
amendments.
The SPEAKER, The amendments will be
read in their order, and, if there be no objec-
tion, those on which a vote is not asked will be
regarded as agreed to.
There was no objection.
The following amendment, on which avote
was called for by Mr. Kelsey, was read:
,, Pagep, after line two hundred and eleven, insert
tne following paragraph:
■tor reimbursing the State of Iowa-for oxpenses
incurred and payments made during the rebellion,
as examined, audited, and found due the State by
General Robert C. Buehanan's commission under the
act of Congress approved July 25, 1866, $229,848:
Provided, That an amount be appropriated irom the
Treasury to pay tbewarelaims of the rebellion from
all the States which have been reported upon favor-
ably by commissioners appointed by Congress.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Woulditbein order toask
what States have had commissions appointed ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating, and no debate is in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask a separate vote on
that part of the amendment relating to the Iowa
war claim.
The SPEAKER. The amendment must be
voted on as a whole..
Mr. SCOFIELD. But the latter part of the
amendment covers we know not what.
The SPEAKER.' < That is a matter for the
judgment of the Hcrase.
Sir. WOOD. Let the whole thing be voted
down.
The SPEAKER. The presumption of law
is that every citizen knows the laws which have
been passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Noboby knows but the
gentleman from Massachusetts,' and under the
ruling of the Chair he cannot tell.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
52, noes 49.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 61, nays 78, not voting
83 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames. James II. Ashley,
Benjamin, Bingham, Boutwell, Broomall, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Sidney Clarke,
Clift, Covode, Caliom, Dawes, Dickey. Donnelly,
Driggs, Ela, Thomas t). Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Jenekes, Judd, Juhan, Lafiin,
Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McKee,
Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Norris, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Price, Raum,
Roots,Sawyer, Schenck.Shanks, Sheliabarger, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Stover, Twichell.Van Aernam, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, William B. Washburn, James P.
Wilson,.and Windom—61. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R.Ashley, Bailey,
Baker, Barnes. Beaman. Beatty. Beck, Blackburn,
Blair, Boyden, Bromwell, Buckley, Burr, Cary,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Deweese,
l>oekerv. Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields, Gol-
laday. Goss, Griswold, Grover, Hardin?, Haughey.
Hawkins, Hoiman, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Johnson, Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kelsey, Kerr, Kitchen,
Knott, Koontz, Lash, William Lawr.ence, Loan, Mal-
lory, Marshall, McCormick, McCullough, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Newcomb.Newsuam, Niblack, Phelps,
Pierce, Robinson, Ross. Scofield, Sitgreaves. Smith,
Spalding, Stevens. Tiber, Taylor, John Trimble,
Lawrence S. Trimble. Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Weiker, and
Wood—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Axtoll, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Benton, Blaine,
Boles, Bowen, Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Cake,Ohan-
ler. Cook, Corley, Cornell, Delano, Dixon, Dodge,
Kcklcy, Edwards, Eggleston, James T. Elliott, Fox,
French, Getz, Giossbrenner, Gove, Gravely, llaignt,
Halsey. Hamilton. Heaton, Hill, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kellogg,
Ketcham, George V.Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan. Mar-
vin, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Nicholson, ^Nunn,
Pettis, Pike, Pol and, Polsley, Pomeroy, Prince, Pruyn,
Randall, Robertson, Selye. Stewart, Stone, bypher,
Taffe, Thomas. Tift, Van Trump. Van Wyck. Vidal.
Cadwalader C. Washburn, JEuhu B. Washburne,
Henry D. W sbburn, Whictemorc, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, John T.Wilson Stephen J. Wil-
son, Woodbridge. Woodward, and Young oo.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. WOODWARD and Mr. VAN TRLMP
stated that if they had been present before the
last name was called they would have voted iu
the negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded. _
The question then recurred on Mr. iAitxs-
worth's motion, to strike out the following:
For laying the foundation and commencing the
building for the post office and sub-Treasury m
Boston, Massachusetts, $200,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I promised to yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads for two minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
yield, as he has not the lloor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are no plans
for this work. We do not know how much the
work will cost or how long it will take.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. l&RNSWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70j nays 81, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer. Bailey, Baker, Beatty,
Benjamin, Broomall. Buckley, Burr, Callis, Cary,
Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Cook, Deweese, Dockery,
Donnelly, Eckley, Eldridge. Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Getz, Giossbrenner, Golladay, Goss, Grover, Harding,
Haughey, Hawkins, Hoiman, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Kitchen,
Koontz, Lash, William Lawrence, Marshall, Mc-
Cormick, McCullough, Mercur.Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrell, Mullins, Newcomb, Niblack, Orth,
Paine, Phelps, Pierce, Plants, Ross, Sawyer, Shelia-
barger, Sitgreaves, Stover, Taffe, Taylor, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Weiker, William Williams, Stephen F. Wil-
son', and Woodward—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Baldwin, Barn es,Barnum,Beaman,Bingham,
Blackburn, Boutwell. Boyden, Bromwell, Brooks,
Benjamin r. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke. Coburn, Corley, Cornell, Culiom,
Dawes, Dixon, Driggs, Thomas D. Eliot, Ferry,
Fields, French, Garfield, Gove, Griswold, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Hulburd, Jenekes,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kellogg,
Kelsev, Ketcham, Laflin, Loan, Lynch, Mallory,
Maynard, McCarthy, Newsbam, Norris, O'Neill.
| Perham, Peters,Poland, Pomeroy, Prince, Randall,
• Raum, Robinson. Roots, ScofieJd, Smith, Spalding,
| Starkweather. Stevens, Stokes, Sypher. Taber,
! Twicheli, Upson, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
| Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
! Whittemore, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
• Windom, and Wood—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley. Banks, Beck, Benton, Blaine, Blair,
Boles, Bowen, Boyer, Buckland. Cake, Chanler, Go-
vode, Delano, Dickey, Dodge, Edwards, Eggleston,
Ela, James T. Elliott, Fox, Gravely, Haight, Halsey,
Hamilton, Heaton, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D.Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kelhy.Knott,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge,
Marvin, McKee, Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Nichol-
son, Nunn, Pettis, Pike, Pile, Polsley, Price, Pruyn,
Robertson", Schenck, Selye, Shanks, Stewart, Stone,
Thomas, Tift, John Trimble, Van Aernam, van
Wvck, Vidal, Ward, EJihuB. Washburne, Henry D.
Washburn, Thomas Williams, Woodbridge, and
Young—71.
So the House refused to strike out the para-
graph.
The amendment upon which a vote was called
for by Mr. Farxswokth was read, as follows :
For laying the foundation and commencing the
building for the post office in New York, $200,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
rIhe veas and nays were refused.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The amendment of the Committee of the
"Whole was concurred in.
Mr. GRISWr0LD. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the Iowa war claim was
rejected.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
with the majority ?
Mr. GRISWOLD. I did.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. HARDING. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The question being put on the latter motion,
there were—ayes 63, noes 55.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 74, nays 70, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Archer. Bailey, Baker, Barnum,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Blackburn. Blair,
Boyden, Sroomail, Buckland, Burr, Cary, Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Dockery, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Fields. Getz, Giossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Harding, Haughey. Hawkins, Hill. Hoiman, Hotch-
; kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
! Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Kelsey, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, KoontCLash, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Mallory, Mar-
shall, McCormick. McCullough, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Morrissey, Niblack, Phelps, Robinson, Ross,
Scofield, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stevens, Tabcr, lay-
lor, LawreneeS. Trimble; Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Weiker, Wood, and Woodward—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Benjamin, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell,
! Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Reader W.
i Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Covode, Dawes, Donnelly,
