1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] demands the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I make the point of
order that the joint resolution of the two
Houses is of higher authority and is a later rule
than the one "which orders that question to be
put to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that the concur-
rent resolution devolves no duty on the Speaker
of the House at all. It devolves a duty on the
President of the Senate in presiding over the
joint meeting of the two Houses. If the gen-
tleman will read the text of the concurrent
resolution he will see that it devolves no duty
on the Speaker or upon the House of Repre-
sentatives in its capacity as the House.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make an inquiry of
the Chair. Are the propositions submitted by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] susceptible of division and separate votes?
The SPEAKER. They are not. The only
question is u Shall the vote of the State of
Georgia be counted ?'J And as the objection was
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
the Chair added, " notwithstanding the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Before the vote
is taken I ask that the certificate of the State
of Georgia be again read.
The SPEAKER. It is not in the possession
of either House officially, but is in the posses-
sion of the convention of both Houses.
The question was upon ordering the yeas
and nays ; and being taken they were ordered.
The question was then taken upon counting
the electoral vote of the State of Georgia ; and
it was decided in the negative—yeas 41, nays
150, not voting 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Barnum,
Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Haight, Hawkins, Hoi man, Hotchkiss, Humphrey,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshail,
McCormick, Mungen, Nicholson. Phelps, Pruyn,
Randall, Ross. Sitgreaves, Taber, Tift, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Wood, Woodward, and Young—-41.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bingham. Blaine, Blair, Boles, Bout-
well, Bowen, Boyden, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, "Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, C.illis, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly. Dnggs, Eeklcy, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela,
Thomas D. Eliot. James T. Elliott, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, French, Garfield, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Hal-
sey, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey, Heaton, Higby,
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd.Hunter,Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ivetcham,
Kitchen,Koontz, Laftin. Lash, George Y.Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, JLogan, Lough-
ridge, Mallory, Marvin, Mayn ard, McCarthy, McKee,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, New-
comb, Newsham, Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
il am, Peters, Pettis, Pieroe, Pike. Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Price, Prince, Raum, Robertson. Roots, Saw-
yer, Schenck, SeofSeld, Selye, Shanks. Shellaharger,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stover,
Sypher, Xaffe, Taylor,Thomas, John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Twiehell. Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T.Van Horn,Van Wyck,Vidal,Ward,
Elihu B. Washburnc, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Wil-
liams, James F.Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Windom—150.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, Bailey, Blackburn, Cook, Cornell,
Delano, Dockery, Fox, Griswold, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Lynch, McCullough,
Mereur,Morrissey,Myer3, Niblack, Nunn, Pomeroy,
Robinson, Smith, Spaldincr, Stone, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, William Williams,
and Woodbridge—31.
The SPEAKER. On the question, "Shall
the vote of Georgia be counted, notwithstand-
ing the objection of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts?" the yeas are 41, nays 150. The
nays have it; and the House of Represent-
atives have decided that the vote of Georgia
shall not be counted. A message will be sent
to the Senate informing that body of this ac-
tion of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote just taken ; and I also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yesfs and nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, Rathor
than lose the time necessary to take the yeas
and nays I will withdraw my motion.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Delano, on account of the serious illness
of a member'of his family.
leave to print.
Mr. BLACKBURN asked, and obtained
leave, to have printed in the Globe some re-
marks he had prepared upon the condition of
public affairs in Louisiana. [See Appendix.]
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee
on Appropriations a bill (H. R. No. 1911)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the Gov-
erment for the fiscal year ending June 30,1869,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iaskunan-
imous consent that this bill be made the special
order for to-morrow after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, unless Saturdays
ova ptppnfpn
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
I will modify my motion accordingly.
No objection was made ; and the order was
accordingly made.
Mr. MAYNARD. I reserve the right to raise
any point of order on this bill.
consular, etc., appropriation p,ill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent that the request of the Sen-
ant be granted for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the consular and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill.
No objection was made.
lieutenant k. ii. allen.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill _(H. R. No. 191'2)
granting a pension to the minor heirs of Lieu-
tenant R. IT. Allen, deceased ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
withdrawal op papers.
Mr. RAUM, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
the petition of A. G. Holden and others, here-
tofore referred to the Committee on Commerce.
order of business.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to a question of order. I submit the
question whether we are not constructively in
joint session with the Senate, and whether any
business can be transacted except such as re-
lates to the counting of the electoral votes of
the States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. We are not in joint session
with the Senate, or the Speaker would not he
in the Chair. The House of Representatives,
in its capacity as a House, is now waiting for
the action of the Senate. Whenever that body
shall be in readiness, the joint session will be
resumed.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Then I suppose,
Mr. Speaker, the House can go on with general
business.
• The SPEAKER. It can by unanimous eon
sent. The question pending in the House when
the joint convention met was upon the bill to
establish a railroad between Washington and
New York.
electoral vote of georgia.
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. Speaker, I rise to inquire
whether it would now be in order for me to
enter my solemn protest in behalf of the people
of my State and in the name of the Constitution
and laws of the United States against the action
of this House in thus excluding_from the Elect-
oral College ths State of Georgia. That State,
sir, has a full delegation on this floor; her
Representatives, of whom I have the honor to be
one, were admitted without contest or question.
Georgia has performed all theconditions strictly
required of her under the reconstruction acts of
Congress, and although she is denied, upon
mere technical objections, her representation in
the Senate, she has vested rights in this House,
and she is again a State iu the Union, with
all the rights and privileges—so far at least as
her voice may be heard in this matter—of any
other State. To deny to her now and her citi-
zens the dearest right of freemen, the elective
franchise, and especially for the Chief Magis-
trate of the people, is to strike down the great
object and principle of republican government,
and foreshadow and promote consolidation and
despotism. I reiterate my solemn protest
against such action.
The SPEAKER. The remarks just made
by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Young]
will be recorded in the Globe; but a protest
cannot be entered on the Journal as a matter
of right; the consent of the House is neces-
sary to grant the privilege. The gentleman
will find the rule on page 156 of the Digest.
e. m. whiting.
Mr. BOWEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1916) to remove the
political disabilities from E. M. Whiting, of
Charleston, South Carolina ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
reference of bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that as to all these bills introduced by uuani-
mous consent and referred the motion to recon-
sider the reference will be laid on the table.
salt lake city, etc., railroad.
Mr. MALLORY presented a joint memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Oregon, ask-
ing aid in the construction of the Salt Lake
City and Columbia River railroad; and moved
its reference to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that this memorial b«
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not object to that
reference.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
counting tiie electoral vote.
Mr. MULLINS. I would like, by unani-
mous consent, t® have five minutes to give my
reasons for objecting to counting the vote of
Louisiana and Georgia.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Mullins] have
leave to print his remarks.
Several Members objected.
j. t. turner.
Mr. RAUM, by unanimous consent, reported
back adversely from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 1198) for the relief
of J. T. Turner; which was laid on the table.
adverse reports.
Mr. RAUM also, by unanimous consent,
reported adversely upon the following peti-
tions, memorials, &c.; which were laid on the
table:
Application of Robert F. W inslo w for author-
ity to raise a regiment;
Petition of Jacob Powers, asking bounty on
account of the services of his son ;
Petition and evidence of Captain H. P.
Ingham, First Lieutenant E. M. Jordan, and
Second Lieutenant John H. Askins ;
Petition of Hiram ITedricks;
Memorial and petition of John Hitch ;
Petition of Henry Errett;
Petition of T. K. Ciingau :
Memorial of Anthony P. Zimandy: and
Petition of Major J. A. Brentz,
a. r. thomas.
Mr. RAUM. I ask unanimous consent that
theCommitteeon Military Affairsbedischarge4
