MB
December 16,
subject. A good "deal "can be Said 'on this:ques-:
tion of repudiation'. I reeoliedt thatj against
my vote, the Congress of the United States, a
few years ago, with a view of increasing the
Army and securing colored troops from some
of the States, made a pledge in a law that there'
should be certain payments made, and to'-day
we stand beldly repudiating that' oMig&tioti ok.
law. So that if Congress undertakes to'siy
that repudiation ih 'all forms is offeriAve to it
Cftwgr'ess' states what is not cbrie'ct. Congress
stands now to-day as repudiating ati;obligation
that the Senator from Kentucky has urged, as
based upoh law. That obligation of the Gov-
ernment was incurred without my support; I
did not think it was politic at the time ; but I
refer to itsimply as showing that Congress is
not altogether cleai- of the offense of repudia-
tion. ■ ■
Mr. President, as expressing my views upon
this subject, I move to amend the resolution
by striking out all after the word "resolved,"
and inserting as a substitute :
That the Senate cordially indorse the sentiment
ib the President's message that-*' oar national credit
should be saerediy observed,"' and declare that tho
public debt shall be paid as rapidly as .practicable
exactly in accftrdanccwith the terms of the contracts
under which thaseveralloans were made: andwhero
the obligations of the Government do not expressly
state upon their face, or the law under which they
were issued does not provide that they shall be paid
iii coin, they ought in right and justice to be paid in
the lawlul money of the United States.
I think, Mr. President, if Congress is now
called upon to make any expression of opinion
at all that this is the statement which ought to
be made, that the public faith is to be observed,
and that it is to be observed according to the
contract; that if it be the contract that the
bonds shall be paid in gold, they shall be thus
paid; but if that be not the contract, then under
tho law of 1802 they may be paid in tho lawful
money of the United States. While we have
no right to repudiate the obligation to the bond-
holder, and perhaps have no desire to do so, we
have no right, in my judgment, to increase the
obligations ot' the Government to the bond-
holder. lie is entitled to his contract. When
lie gets his contract he cannot say that there is
repudiation.
Now, 1 think the proposition of the President
ot the United States does not rest upon the
contract. I do not refer to the sentiment which
1 have quoted in this amendment, but to the
passage of the message which is quoted in the
original resolution; 1 think the proposition of
the President is not according to the law, and
therefore is not the law of the case, is not the
contract. But, sir, taking the law of 1862,
which authorized the issue of Treasury notes,
and considering the peculiar language of that
law, in my judgment the amendment which I
have offered does express the law of the case
and the contract between the Government and
tho bondholder. Why not say so then, sir ? If
Senators believe the contract is otherwise, that
can be met by adopting the resolution of the
Senator from Vermont; but that we shall sim-
ply satisfy ourselves bypassing a resolution of
censure upon the Executive is a thing that I do
not agree to ; nor yet am I willing to be under-
stood as adopting the proposition of the Presi-
dent^ I content myself, sir, by taking a vote
on this amendment, and I should like to have
the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish the Senator from
Indiana would withdraw that amendment, and
let us express our opinion upon the distinct
proposition in the President's message, which,
he confesses himself, is not the proposition
either way upon which his resolution proposes
to act. The President's assertion may be true,
and the amendment offered by the Senator
from Indiana may be true also; on the other
hand, the President's proposition may be false,
and at the same time the proposition of the.
Senator from Indiana- may be as false And'
erroneous as that is ; and I should vote in favor
of both the latter positions decidedly. But the
proper consideration of what our national obli-
gation is, as it respects the manner and currency
in which it is to be paid, is a totally distifict
question-'from the one" which the PresidcnthaS
presented in his message. That proposition I
shall be quite ready tQ discuss when it properly,
aris-es up'on the Resolutions which have been
reported by the' Committee on Finance. I
agree, I may say now, however, without going
into the discussion, to the assertion of the
Spffator from Indiana, that we are, to pay ac-
V^Srding to the contract; but the great question
is, as between us who are the final arbiters of
what that contract is and the people who hold
it, what'is that contract in the light 6f the cir-
cumstances under which it was made, in the
same light that it would be viewed by the
gentleman himself if he had made a promise
in similar language and only his own honor
could be appealed to to interpret and -enforce
it? 'That is the question ; but, as I say, I do
not wish to discuss that question now ; and as
the Senator from Kentucky has, with great
courtesy and regard to the wishes of the ma-
jority of the Senate, withdrawn a prqposition
which covers something of the same ground, I
should hope that the Senator from Indiana
would do the same thing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on the proposition which I
have submitted.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Mr. President, I have
never bestowed much attention and have
never given any discussion myself to this ques-
tion of the medium in which the public debt
is payable. Heretofore it has not seemed to
be a practical question, one requiring immedi-
ate action and decision by Congress or by the
people; but as I am obliged to go upon the
record on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana, I wish to say a word or
two in justice to myself.
I was very much struck with the argument
heretofore made by the colleague of the Sena-
tor from Indiana, that assuming that the five-
twenty bonds were payable in lawful money
of the United States it would be against good
faith that the volume of that currency as issued
in former years should be increased. I believe
it was the argument of the Senator from Indi-
ana to whom I refer [Mr. Morton] that the
greenbacks issued up to 1864, constituting a
volume of currency of a certain magnitude,
were applicable under the laws to the pay-
ment of the principal of the five-twenty bonds.
It was his argument that the creditor received
his securities in view of the existing state of
the currency under the authority given by law
to the Secretary of the Treasury to issue that
sort of securities, and that it would be a viola-
tion, not of express but of implied faith on
the part of the Government, by issuing addi-
tional currency to reduce the amount of com-
pensation which the creditor would receive
when the bonds came to be paid. Now, sir,
at present my impression is that that argument
is sound; that we can apply the currency issued
under the act of 1862 and one or two subse-
quent acts to the payment of the principal of
the bonds authorized to be issued by the same
class of laws passed pari passu with it; but
on the 'other hand it would be inequitable and
unjust for the Government, by diluting the
currency by subsequent issues of paper money,
to depreciate the value those creditors should
receive. I do not know in what exact form
this amendment is proposed. I am averse to
voting for an amendment without any limita-
tion, and which declares a general doctrine
upon which I have bestowed no attention. I
ask for the reading of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It .will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all after the word "resolved," and to
insert:
That the Senate cordially indorse the sentiment in
the President's message, that "our national credit
should be sacredly observed," and declare that the
publie debt should be paid as rapidly as practicable,
exactly in accordance with the terms ef the contracts
under which the several, loans were made, and where
tho obligations of the Government do notexpressly
state upon their face, or the law under which they
w.erd issued does not provide, that they shall be paid
in coin, they ought, in right and injustice, to be paid
in the lawful money of the United States,
Mr. DIXON. I wish to inquire whether it
is in order to divide that proposition, to make
two questions of it.' I wish to vote for a part
of it, but not the whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read so that, the Senate may know when it is
divided what they will vote upon.
The Chief Clerk. ; -The first branch of the
atuendment is—
That the Senate cordially indorse the sentiinentin
the President's message', that "our national credit
should be sacredly observed."
Mr, DB^ON. Read one sentence more.
The .Chief. Clerk :
And declare that the public debt should be paid
as rapidly as practicable, exactly in accordance with
the terms of the contract^ under which the several
loans were made,' aibd-wh6re the obligations of tho
Govern pent do not expressly state upon their face,
or the law under which-they were issued does not
provide, that they shall-be paid in coin, they ought,
in right and in justice, to be paid in the lawful money
of the United States.
Mr. DIXON. I propose to divide the prop-
osition at the close of the first sentence, as I
understand it, that the debt shall be paid in
accordance with the terms of the contract.
The PRESIDENT'^>ro tempore. The Sen-
ator can move to amend the amendment if he
wishes to do so; but the Chair does not see
exactly how the proposition can be divided.
Mr. DIXON. I propose to divide the amend-
ment so that the question shall be taken on the
first branch, as follows:
That the Senate cordially indorse the sentiment
in the President's message, that "our national credit
should be sacredly observed," and declare that the
public debt should be paid, as rapidly as practicable,
exactly in accordance with the terms of the con-
tracts under which the several loans were made.
Mr. CONNESS. It seems to me that is all
one proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is divid-
ing a sentence of the same proposition. The
Senator can move to amend the amendment
if he wishes to do so, but I do not know that
we can vote by piecemeal upon it. What the
Senator asks is equivalent to a motion to strike
out all after the words indicated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. I take it it is in order to
amend the amendment by"striking out all after
a certain word.
The PRESIDENT protempore. That would
seem to effect the object which the Senator
from Connecticut d.esires to accomplish by a
division.
Mr. POMEROY. -If the Senator from Con-
necticut desires it I.will make that motion for
him.
Mr. DIXON. I do not propose to amend
the amendment at all; but under the twelfth
standing rule of the Senate I suppose I have
a right to ask that the proposition be divided.
The twelfth rule is as follows:
" If tho question in debate oontains several points
any Senator may have the same divided."
What I ask is, that the proposition before
the Senate may be divided at the point I have
indicated, and that after disposing of that we
then proceed to act upon the other branch. I
do not offer it as an amendment, but merely
submit it as a question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not doubt the right of a Senator to call
for a division of a question where it can prop-
erly be divided and voted upon in that way;
and perhaps this,proposition can be divided at
the point named as well as any other.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the reading of
the next clause of the twelfth rule by the Secre-
tary. It seems to me this is a motion to strike
out and insert, and it is not divisible. I will
read it, as I have it in my hand:
"But on a motion to strike out and insert it shall
not be m order to move for a division of the ques-
tion."
The motion here is to strike out all after the
word " resolved"'and toinsert what the Sen-
ator from Indiana proposes. Now, I unt^r-
stand that according to this rale such a propo-
sition is not divisible. I am surprised that it
is" So phot the Senator from Ohio [Mr; Shbe-
