1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Driggs, Tbomas D. Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Hocper,
Hopkins, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes,tJuddt Julian,
Kctcham, Laflin, Lougliridge, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, McKee, Moorhead, Morrell. Mungen,
Newcomb, Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine. Peters, Pet-
tis, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Baum,
Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, bhellabarger,
Smith. Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stover, fey-
pher, TafFe, Twicbeil, Van Aernain, Robert 1. Van
Horn, William B. Washburn, Wbittemore, William
Williams, James P. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wil-
S°NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Barnes. Blame,
Boles, Bowen, Boyer, Brooks, Benjamin Jb. Butler,
Cake, Chanler. Churchill,Clift, Corley, Cornell, Cul-
lom, Delano, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon. Dodge, .tick-
ley, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela, James T. Elliott, f ox,
French, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Gnswold, Haight,
Halsey, Hamilton, Heaton, Higby, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Hunter, Kelley, Kellogg, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mullins, Myers, Newsham,
Nicholson, Nunn, Perham, Pierce, Pike, Polsley,
Prince, Pruyn, Randall,Boots, Selye, Stone, Thomas,
Tift, John Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, l^indom, Wood-
bridge, and Young—78.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. BENJAMIN., I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment in regard to the
New York post office was adopted.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
with the majority?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There was only a divis-
ion on the vote.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman voted in the
negative.
The SPEAKER. As the yeas and nays
were not called the gentleman has a right to
make the motion. The rule (page 161 of the
Digest) is this:
" Where a vote is not taken by yeas and nays, and
consequently no record is made of each member's
vote, it is the welt-settled practice to permit a mem-
ber to move a reconsideration."
Mr. RANDALL. But the House refused to
take the yeas and nays on the proposition.
Now, can a member move to reconsider a vote
where only a division was taken so as to secure
a further division on the question?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is an independent proposition by itself.
Mr. BROOKS. Another point of order.
There was adivision upon the question. Now,
if the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benja-
min] will say he voted with the majority I have
no point of order to make. I saw him vote
with the minority, and I am sure he will not
contradict my statement.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the yeas ar.d
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Tellers.
Tpliers were refused.
The motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table was agreed to.
The lollowing amendment, upou which a vote
was called for by Mr. Benjamin, was read:
At the end of line four hundred and fourteen add
the following:
Tor branch mint at San Francisco, 5150,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers on agree-
ing to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered-, and Mr. Axtell and
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
The Ilon&p divided ; -and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 64, noes 53.
M r. BEN JAM IN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the afliimative—yeas 78, nays 68, ndfc voting
76 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Axtell, Barnum, Beck. Binghara, Boles,
Boyden, Brooks, Burr, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick
It. Butler, Cary, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Corley,
Dixon, Donnelly, Thomas D. Eliot, Jaincs T\ El-
liott, Getz. Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gove, Grover,
Ilaughey, Ileaton, Ui^hy, Hooper, Richard D.Hub-
bard, Ingersoll, Jenckcs. Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones.ThomasL. Jones, Kellogg, Keir, Knott, Mal-
lorv, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, McCullougli,
Mc-Kee, Morrissey, Mungcn, Newsham. Niblack,
Orth, Paine, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn,
Robinson, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Spalding, Stew-
art, Tabor, Taffe, Thomas, Tift, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Robert T. "Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Wbittemore, Wm-
dom, Wood, Woodward, and Young—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, ^ Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Blackburn, Blair, Broomall, Buckland, Buckley,
Cake, Callis, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dockery, Eggleston, BIS,
Farnsworth, Ferries, Ferry. Fields, Hawkins, Hol-
man, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Judd,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, William Laurence, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mullins,
Newcomb, Norris,O'Ne ill, Pettis, Phelps, Ross, Sco-
field.Shellabarger, Sitgreaves. Smith, Stokes, Sto-
ver, Taylor, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, and James F. Wilson—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell
Banks, Barnes., Blaine, Boutwelf, Bowen, Boyer,
Bromwell. Churchill, Clift, Cornell,Dawes, Delano,
Deweese, Dickey, Dodge, Dri'ggs. Eckley, Edwards,
Eldridgo, Fox. Freneh, Garfield, Goss, Gravely. Gris-
wold,Haight,Halsey,Hamilton,Harding,Hill,Hotch-
kiss, AsahelW. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, J ulian,
Kelley, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Marshall. Maynard,
Mereur, Moorhead, Myers, Nicholson, Nunn, Per-
ham, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Prince, Ran-
dall, Raum,.Robertson,Selye. Shanks, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stone, Sypher, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Vidal, Ward, Elihu
B. Washburne, William Williams-John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—76.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. AXTELL moyed to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment >vas agreed to;- and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The following amendment, upon which a
vote was asked by Mr. Hooper, of Utah, was
read:
Line five hundred and seventy-two, strike out
"twenty-live" and insert "ten;" so that the clause
will read: ^
For surveying the public lands in Utah Territory,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
standard lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, $10,000.
Mr, SPALDING. That amendment was
made at my instance. I find I was.mistaken,
and hope the amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The following amendment, on which a vote
was called for by Mr. Kelsey, was read :
At the end of the following paragraph: " For light-
ing the Capitol-and President's House and public
grounds around" them and around the executive
offices, 830,000,'' insert a proviso, as follows:
Provided, That no greater sum than $2 80 per one
thousand cubic feet shall be paid tor the gas for
which this appropriation was made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole an the state
of the Union having been disposed of the
question recurs on the amendment offered in
the House by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr, Holman.]
Mr. KELSEY. I would inquire if there
was not an amendment reported to strike out
the following clause:
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in Asy-
lum:
For the support of the asylum over and above the
probable amount received for pay patients, $15,000.
The SPEAKER. There was no such amend-
ment reported. That clause was stricken out
on a point of order. '
Mr. KELSEY. I then'desire to offer the
following amendment:
For the support of the Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum, over and above the
probable amount received for pay patients, $15,000.
I hope there will be no objection to that.
This is the most deserving charity in the whole
city, and it is the only one that has been stricken
out of the bill.
Mr. WELKER. I object.
Mr. KELSEY. Would it be in order for me
to move to suspend the rules so as to enable
me to offer that amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order while
the previous question is pending. The rule
will be found on page 170 of the Digest:
" It is not in order tomove a suspension of the rules
while the House is acting under a suspension of the
rules unless connected with the business immedi-
ately before the House, nor while considering a special
order, it having been rnndc under a suspension of the
rules, unless connected v?ith the consideration of such
special order, nor while the previous question is
operating."
Mr. KELSEY. Very well; I will try and
get it in in the Senate.
I^e next amendment was the following,
offered by Mr. Holman, after the bill had been
reported from the Committee of the Whole:
To increase the contingent fund of the House for
the purpose of paying $2,500 each to John B. Young,
John A. Wimpy, James H. Christie, and James II.
Birch,contestants,$10,000; andtheClerk ofthe House
is hereby directed to pay the said amount to the
individuals named.
To which an amendment had been moved
by Mr. Ross, to strike out "$2,500" and
insert "§1,500."
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr.. Koss; and on a division there were—
ayes 52, noes 49 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Boss and
Mr. Peters were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 71, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BURR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 67, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker. Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Callis,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Corley, Cor-
nell, Cullom, Donnelly, Eckley, Ela, Eerriss, Terry,
Fields, Garfield, Geta, Goss, Griswold, Haughey, Hea-
ton, IIxll, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester J). Hubbard,
Hulburd, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz,
Laflin, Lash,George Y. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin. McKee, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, Myers.Newcomb,O'Neill,
Orth, Pomeroy, Price, Koss, Schenck, Scofleld, Shel-
labarger. Smith, Stevens, Stoker, Taffe, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Twichell, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, and James E. Wilson—81.
NAYS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Barnes, Barnum,
Beck, Brooks, Burr, BenjamiDi?. Butler, Roderick 11.
Butler, Cake, Cary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Clift,
Coburn, Dawes. Dixon, Dockery, Dodge, Sldridge,
Thomas D. Eliot, Fox, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gro-
ver, Haight, Harding, Higby, Holman,'Hotchldss,
Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Mal-
lory, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick,
Morrissey.Mungen, Newsham, Niblack, Norris, Per-
ham. Peters, Poland,Prince, Randall, Robinson, Saw-
yer, Spalding, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Tift, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Wbittemore, Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward, and
Young—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell. Banks,Benjamin, Benton, Blackburn,
Blaine. Boutwell, Bowen, Boyden, Boyer, Bromwell,
Covodc, Delano, Dowoese. Dickey, Driggs, Edwards,
Eggleston, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, French,
Gove. Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Hawkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ketcham, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, McCullough,
Morrell, Nicholson, Nunn, Paine, Pettis, Phelps,
Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants, PoUfvy, Pruyn, Raum,,
Robertson, Roots. Selye, Shanks, Sitgreaves. Stark-
weather, Stokes, Sypher, Thomas, John Trimble,yan
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyek. Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
and AVindom—71.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, said: I have
;; been requested to say that Mr. Pettis, who
'j has been here all the morning, has been obliged
to return to his room on account of sickness.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment as amended; and on a division
there were—ayes 78, noes 46.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BENJAMIN called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays;. and there were twelve in the
affirmative; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were nineteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
