1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
February 10,
ftpro the'-further consideration of the l>ill (H.
R. No. 1342) for the relief of A. 11. Thpmas,
and that the same be laid on the table.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
ADVHK8E REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN,oflndiana, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, submitted adverse
reports on the following cases ; and the same
werelaidonthetableandorderedto beprinted:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 190) in rela-
tion to the pay and bounty of soldiers enlisting
for specified terms of service honorably dis-
charged before the expiration of their term of
service, their discharges stating that they were
discharged at the expiration of their term of
service ;
Petition of Benjamin T. Brubaker and John
X- Taylor, members of one hundred' and eighty-
fourth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, for
bounty for themselves and others;
Resolution relative to the extension of the
additional bounty act to the widows of soldiers
who have died since its passage ;
A bill.(H, R. No. 351) providing for the pay-
ment of soldiers' bounties in case of the death
of the applicant;
A bill (H. R. No.-570) providing for bounties
to the widows and children of certain soldiers
who were killed or died in the service, and for
other purposes;
The petition of V. Schulters, relating to
bounties;
Petition of William C. Shumoneck, of Wash-
ington city, District of Columbia, late a soldier
in the regular Army, praying for bounty;
Petition for the passage of a law for the
relief of soldiers who have lost a leg in the ser-
vice and have been obliged to obtain an artificial
leg at their own expense;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 144) in rela-
tion to the bounty act ;
Resolution relating to the manner of settling
bounty claims;
Resolutions relating to the payment of boun-
ties and pensions adopted at the meeting of the
soldiers of Wisconsin, January 30, 1808 ; and
Resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Missouri, in reference to bounties.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider tlie vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JtECONSTltTJCTION.
Mr. NORRIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced n bill {H. R. No. 1915) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July 2,
1802 ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on reconstruction,
.and ordered to be printed.
VENTILATION OF THE HALL.
Mr. TABBR, by unanimous consent, from
tho Committee on the Ventilation oft.be Hall,
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
ETHAN A. SAWYER.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from tliQ Committee on
Military Affairs, submitted the following ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed
in the Globe, and laid on the table:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of Ethan A. Sawyer, a citizcn
of Jefferson county, Tennessee, asking omponsation
for services rendered by him to the Union Army, and
also for damages to his property by the confederates
dunng the late rebellion, respectfully report:
lhatin August, 18<j3. tho petitioner was employed
by ueneral Burnside, then on his march to East Ten-
nessee, to proceed in advance of the Union forces
witti orders to interrupt and break up both tole-
graim anu railroad communications between Ivnox-
ville and liristol, those places being then held by the
conicacrates, the object of which movement was to
prevent the removal of the supplies, munitions of
war, &e., held by the rebels at Knoxville. In order
to effect this, it was deemed necessary to destroy
a. bridge of the East Tennessee and Virginia rail-
road, near Sew Market, and thepetitioner, at great
personal hazard, entered within the enemy's lines
and accomplished the task he had assumed, by burn-
ing the bridge and cutting off telegraph!® «ommuni-
eation with Richmond; but in consequence of the
delay of the Union troops, who were expected fo
advance and hold the road at that point, the bridge
was rebuilt and the telegraph wires were repaired by
the rebels.
The petitioner then made an arrangement with
John K. Bremner, president of the East Tennessee
and Virginia railroad, to detain the rolling-stock of
the road in order that it might be captured-by the
Union troops; in consequence of which arrangement
five engines and" thirty or forty cars, with all the
maehine-shops and supplies of the railroad at Kijo.x-
ville, fell into the hands of the Union forces.
The petitioner complains that for these very haz-
ardous and important services he becamethespecial
object of rebel vjndiotivenoss; that his property was
singled out for special depreciation, and that in sub-
sequent rebel forays "his farm was wasted and his
substance consumed or ruthlessly destroyed " to the
value of $20,000.
While the committee admit the patriotic and im-
portant services rendered to the Union Army by
the petitioner, not only in the successful completion
of his arrangement with the president of the East
Tennessee and Virginia Railroad Company, but also
as a pilot, scout, and spy, they are constrained to
report adversely to the claim of the petitioner, for
the following reasons:
1. The destruction of the railroad bridge and tele-
graph wires did not benefit the Union Army, for they
were promptly repaired; a.nd for these and similar
services the petitioner was paid tho sum of $2,000
from the secret service fund; and although the peti-
tioner alleges that the greater part of this sum was
expended and disbursed to persons in his employ,
yet he produces no evidence to sustain tho allega-
tion.
2. The petitionerproducesnoevidenceof thevalue
of his property destroyed by the rebels.
3. There is nothing exceptional in the destruction
of his property, as all Union men in that region suf-
fered alike from rebel forays and rebelvindietiveness.
4. It is not expedient to pass a general law giving
compensation to owners of property destroyed by
rebels; and no special act should bo passed for that
purpose, exceptin clearly exceptional casesand upon
undoubted evidence.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. SITGREAVES, from the same com-
mittee, submitted an adverse report on House
bill No. 887, for the relief of company A, in-
dependent exempts, West Virginia volunteer
infantry ; which was laid on the table.
Mr. BOYER, from the same committee, sub-
mitted adverse reports on tho following cases;
which were laid on the table :
A bill (H. R. No. 1348) for the relief of S.
K. M. Patton, late colonel eighth Tennessee
cavalry;
Petition of W. Grayson, West Virginia; and
Petition of J. C. Garrison, second lieutenant
fifty-second Kentucky volunteers.
DANIEL S. IIA11T.
Mr. BOYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, made an
adverse report on the memorial of Captain
Daniel S. Hart, late commissary of subsistence
United States volunteers, praying for relief;
and the same was laid on the table. Tho re-
port in the case was ordered to be printed in
the Globe, as follows:
The Committeeon MilitaryAffairs are of theopin-
ion that equity in this case would forbid the exaction
of tho amount mispaid by the applicant, as there is
satisfactory evidence of good faith and the exercise
of reasonable caution; but the committee are not
awaro of any precedent for directing that there be
a formal allowanco of the mispayment oil the records
of the pay department, the applicant having suf-
fered no actual loss, as he has received all his pay
without deduction.
SESSION FOR THIS EVENING.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the House
dispense with the evening session for to-night.
I trust my colleague who has charge of the in-
ternal tax bill now pending will consent to the
order. Members have been here a very long
time.
Mr. BLAINE. Whether or not the chair-
man is willing to dispense with the evening
session, I suggest whether it would not be weu
to go on with the Army appropriation bill.
We have by unanimous consent ordered that
Saturday shall be devoted to the consideration
of reports from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and it will be with great difficulty
that we can get through with the Army appro-
priation bill this week even if we have evening
sessions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
to-morrow evening has been assigned to the
consideration of reports from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, subject, however, to be
thrust aside by the internal tax bill if that
shall not have been disposed of previously.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the order for the
consideration of reports from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions will not be put aside.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just stated
that it probably will be, as the internal tax bill
is unfinished.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand to-morrow
evening is assigned for the consideration of
pension business. Will the tax bill come up
on the next or Friday evening?
The SPEAKER. If the tax bill is laid over
4ill Friday evening the order will remain for a
session to-morrow evening for reports from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. Otherwise it
will not, as the consideration of the tax bill
has priority under the order of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no disposition to
interfere with the pension business, but I had
expected to.go on this evening with the tax
bill. It will suit my personal convenience not
to do so, but I had not intended to ask it. I
am willing to leave it to the House. I shall
make no objection myself.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the gentleman has yielded his right to go on
with the tax bill on Thursday evening. If
there is no objection that evening will be de-
voted to reports from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now ask unanimous
consent that the session this evening for the
consideration of the tax bill be dispensed with.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
PAY OF MEMBERS OE CONGRESS.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations
was discharged from the consideration of the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 161) fixing the
compensation of members of Congress ; and
the same was referred to the Committee on the
J udieiary.
REPRESENTATION OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. HEATON. I ask unanimous consen
to introduce for reference to the Committee of
Elections a bill to allow the State of Tennes-
see an additional Representative in Congress.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
ADMISSION OF UTAH.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, presented a memo-
rialof the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah for admission as a State ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
PAY OF ASSISTANT ASSESSORS.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution :
Mesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, instructed to furnish to this House tho
amount of services performed by assessors and assist-
ant assessors of internal revenue, who have received
no compensation for reason of their inability to take
the oath required by law, together with the probable
amount of money which would be required to pay
the same.
Mr. McCarthy. I object.
FELOHIES AND MISDEMEANORS.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, the bill (H. R. No. 1258) to define
felonies and misdemeanors and to regulate
peremptory challenges in courts of the United
States, and for other purposes; and moved
that the same be printed and recommitted to
the committee, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I desire to call the
attention of the House to that bill, and also to
House bill No. 220, to perpetuate testimony
in the courts of the United States, which has
been reported back with a substitute and is
now upon our files ; and I wish to*say that at
the earliest period when I can get the consent
