1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1813
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
^ Thequestion was upon the passage of thebill.
Mr. SPALDING. Upon that I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARDING. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The question Was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were thirteen in the affirm-
ative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth.of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hour for meeting to-night.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is known to gentlemen
here that each of the two political parties rep-
resented in the next Congress has called a cau-
cus for this evening, the one at half past six
o'clock and the other at seven o'clock, to take
the necessary s'teps for the organization of the
next House. It will probably take some-two
or three hours to conclude their deliberations.
I therefore ask unanimous consent that the
recess for this afternoon be until nine o'clock.
Mr. ROSS. I object to having a session to-
night. It is the last reception of the President
of the United State's and many of us desire to
attend it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know the gentleman is
so devoted to the public interests that he will
not object to coming here to-night.
Mr. ROSS. I think going to the last recep-
tion of the President is quite as important as
having a caucus.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we should have a
session to-night for two or three hours. .
Mr. MULLINS. I hope that gentlemen on
the other side who exhibited such devotion to
General Grant during the recent election will
be allowed an opportunity to pay their respects
to him.
A Member. It is Mr. Johnson's reception
that takes place to-night.
Mr. MULLINS. Well, if they are going to
visit Mr. Johnson I take back all I have said.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope there will be no
objection to the motion I make, that the House
reassemble to-night at nine o'clock instead of
half past seven.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made ; but
the Chair will state that it is within the power
of the House to control its sessions each day.
Mr. BROOKS. If the proposition is amend-
able I would like to provide for a meeting at
six o'clock to-morrow morning. My habit is
to go to bed at night and rise in the morning.
Mr. WOOD. I think we can dispense with
to-night's session and meet eai^ly to-morrow
morning.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think that would
he practicable. It has been observed that
meeting at'ten o'clock in the morning we have
had during the first hour so thin a House as to
obstruct the transaction of business. I think
that if we should fix a meeting at six o'clock
in the morning or any earlier hour than ten
we should experience the same difficulty.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the Speaker to
state the condition of the public business, and
whether he believes it jiqssible for us to get
through with the appropriation bills and other
important measures unless we sit at least one
whole night.
Mr. ROSS. Cannot the bills that may go
over he as well acted on in the Forty-First Con-
gress?
The SPEAKER. Ill response to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
the Chair will state, as it is his duty to do at
this stage of the session, the condition of the
public business.
In regard to appropriation bills the House is
now in advance of the Senate. The appropria-
tion bills are all disposed of in the House ex-
cept the amendments of the Senate to the In-
dian appropriation bill and the amendments
which the Senate may make to the appropria-
tion bills now in the possession of that body
and not returned to the House. When the
amendments of the Senate to the Indian appro-
priation bill shall have been disposed of the
business immediately pressing upon the House
will then be out of the way until the • Senate
return some other appropriation bills ,with
amendments for the action of the House.
The next business- of pressing importance
consistsof Senate bills upou the Speaker' stable.
Bills upon the Speaker's table have not been
considered for some time, no successful motion
for that purpose having been made. The bills
upon, the Speaker's table are now about one
hundred and fifteen. Many are bills of the
House with Senate amendments. Many of the
amendments are verbal in their nature. Some
have been concurred in this inorningand others,
no doubt, would be if they could be taken up.
Whether the business of the Congress can be
disposed of or not without a night session is
for the House to determine and not for the
Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK. It must be obvious to any
one who has considered the condition ot the
business that one whole night session is abso-
lutely necessary; and I think it is better to have
that session to-night rather than the last night
of the session, when confusion is apt to prevail.
I hope my motion will be agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to give
notice that I shall call up at the evening session
Senate bill No. '704, to amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that we will pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table, and take up all the bills
lying there.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Ap-
propriations will-be entitled to the floor until
its business its disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
ke&ignation of the speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will announce
that he desires to-morrow morning to present
his resignation of the office of Speaker, which
he has held by the kindness of the House.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of dis-
charging the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consider-
ation of the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 1738, making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and lor fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1870; and concurring in some
and non-concurring in others, as recommended
by the Committee on Appropriations ; and re-
questing a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the amendments be read.
The SPEAKER. That rule will be sus-
pended with the others. Speaker Banks so
decided in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, and was
sustained by the House; and such has been
the uniform decision. The amendments are,
however, in print.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Will the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts state what are the
recommendations of the Committee on Appro-
priations? ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
stated it over and over again. We concur in a
few unimportant items and non-coneur in the
others
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask that an
order of Major General Sheridan be read in
reference to these treaties.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
The rules were suspended, and it was ordered
accordingly.
message fk05i the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendments, disagreed to by
the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1744) to
strengthen the public credit and relating to
contracts for the payment of coin, had agreed
to the conference asked by the House, and had
appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Williams, and
Mr. Morton conferees on the part of tho
Senate.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bills of
the following titles :
An act (H, R. No. 1063) for the relief of
Henry Barrieklow; and
An"act (H. R. No. 1041) granting the right
of way to the Walla-Walia and Columbia River
Railroad Company, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of the following title, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 707) granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin, to aid in the construction
of a breakwater and harbor and ship-canal
at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county of
Door, in said State, to connect the waters of
Green bay and Lake Michigan, in said State.
committee on accounts.
Mr. BROOMALL. The Committee on
Accounts, in view of the business pressing
upon them at the close of the session, ask leave
to sit during the sessions of the House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
leave will be granted. _
There was no objection.
leave to print.
Mr. MILLER asked and obtained leave to
print in the Globe remarks on the tariff. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. HAUGHEY asked and obtained leave
to print in the Globe remarks on the rights of
loyal citizens of Alabama. [See Appendix. 3
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Blackburn] asks leave to have
printed in the Globe the remarks which he had
intended to deliver to-day on the deatii of his
late colleague, Mr. Mann. The announce-
ment of that event was postponed until after
j the decision of the contested-election case,
I but owing to the pressure of business he now
asks leave to print his remarks rather than
consume the time of the House. If there is
no objection the leave will be granted. The
Chair hears no objection.
[The remarks will be published m the Ap-
pendix.]
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. DAWES leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of original papers belonging to the archives of
the Territory of New Mexico, used by the
Committee of Elections in the contested-elec-
tion case from New Mexico.
consular, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. ORTH. I submit the following report
from the conference committee on the consu-
lar and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
rotes of the two Houses on the amendments to tile
bill tH. R- No. 1570) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses ot the Government
for the year ending June 30.1^70, and for other pui-
poses, having met. after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows;
That the Senate recodo from tneir amendments
numbered 27. 30, and 31. .
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the benate
numbered 1, 6, 7,13, 14, 22, 2", 32, and S3, and agree
to the same. . , _
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seeond amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows; aaa the
