1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
following wordsand to continue while acting as
minister to Uruguay."
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the twenty-eighth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with the follow-
ing amendment: strike out all of said amendment,
being the fourth section of tho hill, and insert in
lieu tho following:
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident is authorized on the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause examinations to
be made into the accounts of the consular officers of
the UnitedStates, and into all matters connected with
the business of their said offices, and to that end he
may appoint such agent or agents as may be neces-
sary for that purpose; and any agent, when so ap-
pointed shall, for the purpose of making said exam-
inations,-have authority to administer oaths and
take testimony, and shall have access to all the
books and papers of all consular officers, And any
agent appointed in this behalf shall be paid for his
services a just and reasonable compensation, not ex-
ceeding five dollars per day for the time necessarily
employed, in addition to his actual necessary ex-
penses, the same to be paid out of the sum appropri-
ated for expenses of collecting the revenue, but no
greater sum than $5,000 shall be expended as com-
pensation of such agent or agents in any one year.
And the President shall communicate to Congress,
at the commencement of every December session, the
names of the agents so appointed, and 'the amount
paid to each, together with the reports of such
agents; and agree to the same-
GODLOVE S. ORTH.
SAMUEL. B. AXTBLL,
Managers an the part of the House.
CHARLES SUMNER.
P. T. FKELINGHUYSEN,
W. PINKNEY WHYTE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. ORTH. I move the previous question
on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ORTH. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I simply
desire to say that the committee of conference
have agreed that there shall be a full minister
to each of these small South American repub-
lics, as they are called, seven of which are des-
titute out of the eleven. I want to say further
that I never will attempt again to cut down any
offices in an outgoing Congress where the places
will be so desirable as these South American
missions with nothing to do and everything
to get.
Mr. ORTH. There are two important amend-
ments to this bill upon which there was a dif-
ference of opinion between the Senate and the
House. The first was with reference to the
South American missions. I do not desire to
detain the House with reference to them in
view of the votes which were taken here a few
days ago sustaining the present law in reference
to those missions. The conference committee
were unanimous with one exception in the
opinion that these missions should be retained
for the present at least; that this was not the
time nor was this appropriation bill the place
to revise our diplomatic system. We therefore
reported in favor of the law aa it now stands,
one member of the committee [Mr. Scofield]
dissenting.
The other important question was with regard
to the act of July, 1866. That act provided
that where the consular fees exceed the sum
of $1,500 at any one consulate the surplus
should be paid into the Treasury of the United
States. The amendment of the Senate pro-
vided that that law should not go into opera-
tion till the 1st of January, 1867. The effect
of that would be to increase the appropriations
under this bill probably ten or twelve thousand
dollars. The conference report is that the
Senate recede from that amendment, leaving
the act of July 25, 1866, to commence its opera-
tion from the date of its passage. These are
the only two amendments of importance.
Mr. PRUYN. What is done with the last
matter?
Mr. ORTH. Nothing. We leave the law of
July, 1866, to commence its operation from
the date of its passage,
Mr. PRUYN. Does not that work great
hardship to consuls?
Mr. ORTH. There may be one or two in-
stances where it! will, but rather than defeat
the bill we prefer that that matter should be
left to be brought up in a new Congress in the
shape of claims on behalf of. two-or three con-
suls whose salaries are fixed. I yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As a member of the con-
ference committee I did not concur in estab-
lishing or continuing so many South American
missions. I was in favor of the House prop-
osition as originally adopted, reducing the num-
ber of those missions, regarding them as en-
tirely useless, for those who fill them are very
seldom there to attend to their duties, but get
them performed through some inferior officers.
I suppose, however, rather than have the bill
lost the House had better concur in the report
of the majority.
Mr. ORTH. In reply to my colleague I will
say that we are about entering upon a new era
and hope to have b.etter officers in these places.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to—ayes seventy-three, noes not
counted.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
presentation of credentials.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the credentials of J. P. M.
Epping, claiming to be a member of this Con-
gress elected at large from South Carolina;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
wells, fargo and company.
Mr. BROMWELL submitted a report of the
views of the minority of the Committee on
Public Expenditures in the case of Wells,
Fargo & Co. ; which was ordered to be printed
with the report of the majority.
Mr. BROOMALL. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider the order to print until I can see
what the minority report is.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be en-
tered. When the order to print the majority
report was made the Chair supposed the right
was reserved to submit the views of the mi-
nority.
Mr. BROOMALL. There was nothing said
about it.
printing of evidence.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
be, and they are hereby, authorized to print the tes-
timony taken on the subject of the proper length of
spans of bridges across the Ohio river.
That is the same resolution which I offered
the other day, and which was objected to by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
That objection, I understand, was made under
a misapprehension. Gentlemen will remem-
ber that about a month ago a resolution passed
this House directing the Committee on Roads
and Canals to take testimony upon the subject
of bridge-building as well as upon the ques-
tion of navigation. That testimony has been
taken.
Mr. KERR. It has been ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that on motion of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] the printing was
ordered.
Mr. KERR. It was ordered on last Monday
morning.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I was not aware
of that fact. I withdraw the resolution.
james fowler kiktland.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, submitted a report
in writing on the memorial of James Fowler
Kirtland, of the city of New York, praying
compensation for damages resulting from the
suspension of the work on the Dome of the
Capitol in 1861 by order of the Secretary of
War ; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
improvement of willamette river.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported adversely on the joint
resolutions of the Legislative Assembly of
Oregon, asking an appropriation of $100,000
for the improvement of Willamette river; which
were laid on the table.
president's salary.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, joint resolution (H. R. No. 426)
providing that the salary of the President of
the United States be increased to the sum of
$100,000 per annum.
The joint resolution was laid on the table.
expenses jgf retrenchment committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No.
487) appropriating money to pay the expenses
of the joint select Committee on Retrenchment.
The joint resolution was laid on the table.
iowa war claims.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1491) fixing
the amount found to be due to the State of
Iowa on account of claims against the United
States.
The bill was laid on the table.
harbor of michigan city.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Indiana relative
to the harbor of Michigan City ; and the same
were laid on the table.
mary a. davis.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 596) granting a pension to
Mary A. Davis, widow of William P. Davis,
a private in the eighteenth regiment of Indiana
volunteers in the war of 1861, were taken from
the Speaker's table.
The amendments were read, as follows;
Line nine strike out "first" and insert "ninth;*'
line nine, after the word "of," insert "September;"
line ten. before " and" insert " oneso that the bill
will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to place on the pension-rolls
the name of Mary A. Davis, widow of WiHiamP.
Davis, deceased, a private in the eighteenth regi-
ment of the Indiana volunteers of the war of 1851,
and that she be paid a pension allowed a private
daring her widowhood, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, to commence on the
9th day of September, 1861, and in case of her death
or marriage, then the pension to be paid to theminor
children of the said William P. Davis, deceased, un-
der sixteen years of age, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the general pension laws.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions are willing that the
amendments of the Senate shall be concurred
in with an amendment, to strike out " one"
and insert " four," so as to make the pension
date from the 9th of September, 1864.
Mr. PERHAM. I agree to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Senate amendments, as amended, were
then concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
judge advocates of the army.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to haVe taken from the Speaker's table the
Senate amendments to House bill No. 1487, to
declare and fix the status of the corps of judge
advocates of the Army. Those amendments
are merely verbal in their character, and I desire
that they be concurred in.
No objection was made.
The amendments of the Senate were to strike
out the preamble, and to strike out all of the
enacting clause of the bill and to insert in lieu
thereof the following;
That the department of judge advocate of the Army
be, and tho same is, fixed at ten members; ana the
