110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
stricken out the original matter. Then,'what
are you voting, on when you come to vote on
the secortd clause of the substitute ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Voting on the insertioii
of an additional part of the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In that way, instead'of
perfecting your substitute and then voting on
inserting it in lieu of the original JirdpOsitioti,
yon can never perfect a subslittHe;
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are not undertaking
to perfect the substitute. The Senator from
Connecticut refused to perfect'the substitute
by moving to amend. He merely says he
wishes to divide the question because it era-
braces'two propositions. He does not offer to
perfect it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The argument that the
Senator makes would be a good argument to
show that it was not divisible; but it is no
argument, it seeins to me, to show how the
vote should be.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me we are
getting into this confusion by departing from
the practice of the Senate and the rule. The
rule, it seems to me, is plain enough. A prop-
osition of great importance is pending that is
divisible. That is the proposition under debate.
Any Senator has u right to divide it, or move
to amend it, or move a substitute. When he
moves to strikeout the whole and insert a sub-
stitute in its place that substitute itself may
be amended ; but you cannot have a division.
You cannot take a vote on each section or each
clause of that amendment or substitute, because
the substitute, after all, is only an amendment.
It is only a different name for an amendment.
Take an ordinary case; I have seen it done a
hundred times: a bill before us is referred to
a committee, and a substitute for that bill is
reported back from the committee; that, sub-
stitute can be amended by an amendment in
the ordinary way ; but you cannot take a vote
on every section of that substitute, and then
have another vote on the original proposition.
That would create interminable delay. The
rule, it seeins to me, is plain enough. It de-
clares that a proposition to strike out and insert
is not divisible. What does that mean? Merely
that a proposition to strike out shall not be
taken at otie time and to insert at another ?
Not at all. It means that that proposition to
strike out and insert what we call a substitute
shall be m the nature of an amendment subject
to amendment, butthatitshall not be divisible ;
that is, the proposition is not divisible. It may
be amended, which is substantially the same
tiling. It seems to me that if we once establish
the rule that a substitute may be offered, and
then that that substitute maybe divided up into
as many voles as there are sections or propo-
sitions in it, it will create interminable confu-
sion and probably delay the prosecution of the
public business. The Senator from Connecticut
has a perfect right, if he is not satisfied with
the proposition submitted by the Senator from
Indiana, to move to strike out any portion of
it. That will bring us to a vote upon the part
to which he objects, and if be succeeds there
is a vote on the rest, ana then finally a vote as
between that proposition and the original. I
think, therefore, we had better regard this as
an indivisible proposition. By departing from
the rules we create confusion and trouble.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
has already determined that the proposition is
divisible.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was no regular
vote. It was not thoroughly understood.
Mr. HOWE. Would amotion to reconsider
that vote just taken by the Senate be in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I think it
would.
Mr. HOWE. I move to reconsider,that vote.
It seems to me, if it is possible to prohibit by
a standing rule the division of a subject, the
rule first read here does prohibit the division
in this case. The rule makes but one propo-
sition of a motion to strike out and insert; but
if you divide either of the propositions, either
tiie proposition to be stricken out or the propo-
sition to be inserted, you do divide the whole
question, because you do not conclude it by
one vote; it takes two or more. I mov6, to
reconsider the vote, holding the question tO' be
divisible.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think the Senate
heed re6onsider anything. There is really no
question in this. It has been the practice of
the Senate always. The Senator from Indiana
moves a substitute, to strike out and insert.
That is one motion. The Senator from Cdn;
necticut Woves nothing, but asks to have a
division of that question; that is. a.division
of that substitute, not of the question to strike
out and insert. That is indivisible. He iisks
to have a division of the substitute. He has a
right to ask that. It does not require any mo-
tion. Now, the question to be put by the Pre-
siding Officer is this: Will the Senate agree to
the motion of the Senator from Indiana so far
as it relates to the first clause of his amend-
ment? If the Senate vote ''aye," then that is
adopted, and there is no way of getting away
from that except by reconsidering it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That divides the original
proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. That divides the original
proposition ; but if the Senate vote "no," and
vote it all down, then the motion of the Senator
from Indiana does not prevail, and the ques-
tion recurs on the original motion.
, Mr. SHERMAN. If that is the case what
is the use of putting the substitute question
afterwards?
Mr. POMEROY. There is no such question
as that to be put. It is not before the Senate
and it cannot be before the Senate, because this
motion to strike out and insert is one and indi-
visible. But a Senator says, "let us perfect
it; let us take a part of it, not the whole."
The Senator from Connecticut seems to be in
favor of the motion of the Senator from Indiana
in pait: and he has the right to vote on that
part, and if the Senate agree with him, then so
much of it is substituted and we cannot help it
except by reconsidering it.
Mr. CONKLING. May lask the Senatora
question ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir,
Mr. CONKLING. ! understand the motion
to be to strike out and insert is indivisible.
Suppose the first part of the motion, upon his
theory, carries; the whole original is stricken
out and a certain part of the substitute is in-
serted. Now, the next question, according to
him, the motion to strike out and insert being
indivisible, would be whether the whole of it
should be stricken out again and the rest of
this substitute inserted. Can that be?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. If that is not so, then I
submit the motion to strike out, and insert must
be divisible, because the only sensible motion
that can be put in the second instance would
be whether, having stricken out the whole of
the original, this residue of tjie substitute should
also be inserted. That would' lead directly to
a division of the motion to strike out and insert.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
New York cannot but see this question clear
at any rate : that if we adopt the motion of the
Senator from Indiana in part, we may go oni
beyond that and adopt it still further, adopt
the balance or reject it.
Mr. CONKLING. But how? If we adopt
the balance of it what is that act of the Senate ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate then have
agreed to strike out the original and insert the
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. But they have already
stricken out the whole of'itonthe first motion.
Mr. POMEROY. But they have enlarged
what should be put in by the second.
Mr. CONKLING. Exactly; and there they-
divide the question of striking out and insert-
ing, because, having stricken out the whole,
that, part of the motion has expended itself;
and now when they come simply to insert in
additiou to the first insertion, that is a vote
upon only half the motion to strikeout and
insert.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator from
Kansas allow me to suggest that this matter
might be settled—it is a very perplexing af-
fair—by a motion to adjourn. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think it is very
perplexing. I should like to take the vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would fake the liberty
of making a suggestion in reference to this
rule, although- I do not profess to be very ex-
pert in the rules 'of the Senate. It seems to
me that the'difficufty' grows out of the mistake
of the Senate in deciding that this question
was at all divisible. The rule says:
"If the question in debate contain several points,
any Senator may have the same divided; but on a
motion to strike out and insert it shall not be in
order to move for a division of the question."
, This was one motion. The motion to strike
out and insert is one and indivisible, accord-
ing to my judgment; and when a proposition
is made to divide a proposed substitute, the
question in point of fact is divided because
the substitute and the motion to strike out are
both parts of one question. The question is
an entirety: shall the original matter be stricken
out and the substitute inserted ? That is an
entirety ; that you cannot divide ; but if you
allow this division of the proposed substitute,
then you do divide the question contrary to this
rule; and it seems to me that we ought to re-
consider the vote and decide that the question
is not, divisible.
The PRESl DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
proposition was held to be divisible.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On this question I
wish to say just one word. Now the proposi-
tion is that when a substitute is submitted to
the Senate, the Senate cannot divide that sub-
stitute, and that the only vote which can be
taken is whether the entire substitute shall
be adopted in lieu of the original proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. You can amend it, of
course, but not divide it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. You may amend it by
striking out.
Mr. SHERMAN. Or inserting.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But you cannot divide.
I think the practice of the Senate has been the
other way. When a bill is before the Senate,
and a committee reports a substitute for it, do
we not consider that substitute section by sec-
tion, and vote upon the adoption of the sec-
tions separately ? Of course, finally, when the
bill comes to pass, we have to vote upon the
entire bill; but while the Senate is consider-
ing it we certainly do—it is an every day prac-
tice, it seems to me—vote on the sections sep-
arately when they are presented as substitutes.
Several Senators. Never.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which it
wasdetermined that this question was divisible.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theques-
tion now is whether the pending proposition
is divisible.
The question being put, it was determined in
the negative.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate decide that the amendment is not divisible.
Ihe question recurs on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hexdiiicks,]
upon which theyeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Buekalew, Davis. Hendrieks, Mc-
Cr£<^Sal,isbury- Vickcrs, and YVhyte—7.
i.liWSr!' Abbott, Anthony, Cattell. Chand-
ler,Cole, Conkhng, Corbett, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds,
terry, iessonden, .Fretinghuysen, Grimes, Harris,
. ®n4e,r,s0.n' Howard, Howe, Kellogg,, Morgan, Mor-
nlt of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pool,
Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spencer, Stewart. Sumner. Thayer. I'rnmbul]. Van
Winkle, Wade, Warner, Welch, Wiliey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—44.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Connesa,
Oragin, Doolittle, Fowler, Ilarlan, McDonald, Mor-
t0"' Patterson .of New Hampshire, Patter-
son oi lennessee,Pomcro'y,Sprague,audTipton—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW, Mr. President, this is
unusual business for the Senate to engage in.
The resolution, in the form in which it now
stands, selects a passage in the annual message
