1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
to report a joint resolution, and put it on its
passage now.
Mr. McCarthy. I object.
FREDERICK HALL.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report from the Committee on the
Public Lands, on the petition of Frederick Hall,
praying confirmation of title to certain lands
in the State of Michigan under treaty stipu-
lations ; which was ordered to be printed and
recommitted, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider. .
CAPTAIN WILLIAM A. PARKER.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of Captain William A. Par-
ker, of the United States Navy, asking to be
replaced upon the active list of naval officers;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, obtained leave to
have printed in the Globe remarks tipon Indian
affairs. [See Appendix.]
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
a bill (II. R. No. 1915) relating to the opera-
tions of the pension laws, and for other pur-
poses ; which wa3 read a first ai-.d second time,
ordered to be printed and recommitted, not to
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
government deposits abroad.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved; That the Secretary of tho Treasury bo
requested to inform thollousc what amount of money
is deposited on account of the United States with
bankers or brokers in London, Puris, or elsewhere
beyond the boundary of tho United States; stating,
also, the amount of such deposits on tho 1st day of
January and July of each year since the year 1860,
inclusive ^ tho rate and amount of interest received
thereon, if any; and what rate of commission is
charged for keeping tho accounts and paying the
drafts ofthoUnitcdStates drawn against such depos-
its; and what disposition ha8 boen raado of suoh in-
terest so received.
Mr. McCARTI-iy. I object.
counting the electoral vote.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire whetherany
message has been sent to the Senate that we
have determined this question with regard to
counting the vote of Georgia, and are waiting
for the reassembling of the joint convention ?
The SPEAKER. A message has been sent
to the Senate, communicating tho action of the
House upon the objection of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] The Chair
has learned informally, not from any official
communication from the Senate, that that body
has adopted a resolution that the objection was
not in order under tho joint rule. That action
will be communicated to the House for its con-
sideration.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to inquire
of the Speaker whether he is now ready to an-
nounce what position the House will be in
when that fact is officially announced ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not prepared
at present to answer the inquiry.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. 1 desire, in view of
the statement of the Chair in regard to the
action of the Senate, to make oneortwo inqui-
ries of the Chair, that the House may under-
stand this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
any such inquiries until the action of the Sen-
ate has been officially communicated. The
Chair merely stated his informal information.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
whether 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decline to
answer all inquiries with regard to the aetion
of the Senate until that aetion has been offi-
cially communicated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The point upon
which I desire to get the opinion of the Chair
is whether it is competent for the House of
Representatives, acting separately from the
Senate, to rescind or annul tho action of the i
two Houses in the adoption of the concurrent
resolution on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
answer that question at present.
Mr. PILE. I desire to inquire whether it
would be in order to send a messenger to see
what has become of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. It would acarcely be deemed
respectable toward that body. The Senate will
communicate its action to the House in its own
time.
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, as other gen-
tlemen seem reluctant as to how they will ex-
tract the House from a very unnecessary
entanglement, although unaccustomed to take
much part in its proceedings, I have determined
to submit a proposition. I move to reconsider
the vote given by the House touching the ques-
tion mooted by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
with the majority?
Mr. THOMAS. I did.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. THOMAS. If the House will allow me
I will for a moment assign a few reasons.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable under the concurrent resolution of the
two Houses.
Several Members. Can we not grant unani-
mous consent?
The SPEAKER. No unanimous consent
can waive the action of the two Houses.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
Mr. THOMAS. I was about to ask the Chair
a similar question. The inclination of my own
mind is in that way very strong that it is not
competent for the House of Representatives
by a vote of this character to supersede tho
resolution adopted by the Senate and House
concurrently. That resolution fixed tho mode
of action and prescribed the rule of conduct
for the Senate and House in joint meeting. I
have no reference to the separate action of this
body.
The SPEAKER. A reply to that question
would involve a discussion of questions prop-
erly transpiring in joint convention of the two
Houses over which tho Speaker of this House
has no power.
Mr. THOMAS. I submit the motion to re-
consider, and each member can act upon his
own responsibility.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts made the motion to reconsider, and
it was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldkidge] having demanded the
yeas and nays the motion was withdrawn.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Has any message been
received from the Senate?
The SPEAKER. None as yet.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 57, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison,Delos Tt. Ashley, Baldwin,
Banks, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Boles, Bout-
well, Brornwell, Brooinall, Buckley, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Callis, Churchill,
Reader W. Cla.kc, Sidney Clarke, Clitt, Cobb, Co-
burn, Corley, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese,
Dickey, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Ecliley,
Eggleston, Ela.Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott,
lerriss, Ferry,French, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Halsey,
Hamilton, Harding, Haughey, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Ilulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Alexander H.
Jones, J udd, Julian. Kelsey. Kitchen, Lash, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Lougliridgo. Mallory, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McKee, Miller. Moore, Morrell, Mulling,
Newcomb, Newsham, Morris. O'Neill, Ortli, Paine,
Perham. Pettis, Pierce, Pike, Poland, Polslcy, Prince,
Raum, Robertson, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Selye, Shanks,Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes. Stover, Svphcr, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, BurtVan Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Va.n Wyck, Ward.HeriryD. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemoro,
Thomas Williams, Stephen J. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Bariium,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Boyden, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay.tirover, Haight, Haw-
kins, Holman, Hotchkiss,Chester D. Hubbard, llmn-
Slirey, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Ketcham,
!nott,Koontz, Iiaflin.GeovgeV.Lawronce, Marshall,
Moorhead, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps,
Pile, Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith. Stone,
Taber, Tift. JohnTrimble, Van Aukcn, Van Trump,
James F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, James M. Ashley,Bailey,Blaekburn,
Bowen, Buckland, Cook, Cornell, Delano, Doekery,
Edwards, Fields, Fox. Garfield, Griswold, Heaton,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kerr, William Lawrence, Lynch, Marvin,
McCormick, McCullough, Mercur, Morrissey, Myers,
Nunn, Peters, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, Robinson,
Shellabarger, Spalding, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Vidal, Cadwalader C.Washburn. ISlihuB.Wash-
burne, William Williams, and John T.Wilson—48.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the roll-call a message from the Sen-
ate was communicated by Mr. Gorham, its
Secretary, informing the House that that body
had resolved that, under the special order of
the two Houses respecting the electoral vote
of the State of Georgia, the objections made
to the counting of the electoral votes of that
State are not in order.
Mr. WOOD moved that the roll-call be sus-
pended for the purpose of admitting the body
of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The House lias ordered
the roll to be called. Upon the entrance of
the Senate the Speaker would be obliged to
vacate the chair, but even that cannot inter-
rupt the roll-call; nothing can interrupt it but
the close of a session of Congress.
The roll-call having been Gompleted, and the
result announced as above,
At half past four o'clock the Senate in a
body reentered the Hall; and
The PRESIDENT having resumed the chair,
said: The objections of the gentleman from
Massachusetts are overruled by the Senate,
and the result of the vote will be stated as it
would stand were the vote of the State of
Georgia counted, and as it would stand if the
vote of that State were not counted, under the
concurrent resolution of the two Houses.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to state that the House sustained the objec-
tion of "the gentleman from Massachusetts."
[Laughter.] I now submit the following res-
olution. I do not understand that we are to
be overruled by the Senate in that way.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair declines to
receive the resolution. The tellers will make
out the statement of the vote as directed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair to the conven-
tion.
Mr. WOOD. Order!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
see whether we have any rights in the House
or not.
The PRESIDENT. The tellers will make
out the statement under the concurrent resolu-
tion as directed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
Chair entertain my resolution ?
The PRESIDENT. I do not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
Chair entertain the appeal?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; he does not
entertain the appeal. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
Chair hold as a matter of order that the Sen-
ate can overrule this House ?
Many Members. "Order!" "Order!"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
understand that the representatives of the peo-
ple who have elected a President can be over-
ruled.
Many Members. "Order!" "Order!"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion is whether the Senate can overrule an
order or a resolution of this House. I know
I speak the sentiment of the House. Do I
not ?
