tO04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Th^ Senate accordingly retired from the Hall
of the House of Representatives.
The Speaker then resumed the chair and
called the House to order.
question oe privilege.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said: I
rise to a question of privilege, and offer the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the House protest that theeounting
of the voto of Georgia by the order of the Vice
President mo tempore was a gross act of oppression
and an invasion of the rights and privileges of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the introduc-
tion of that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bdtler] claims this to be a
question of privilege, and the Chair decides
that it is.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. RAND ALT;. My point of order is that
this House has no right to make reflections
upon the other House.
The SPEAKER. The House has the right
to adopt such resolutions as it may consider
proper when it deems that its rights and privi-
leges have been infringed upon. The Chair
asks permission to make a statement in rela-
tion to what occurred in the joint convention,
and has created so much feeling.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to sub-
mit the history of the joint rules, the apparent
conflict in which has produced the excitement
in the joint convention of the two Houses.
By the Constitution of the United States the
President of the Senate presides in joint con-
vention wheu the electoral votes are counted.
The Coastitutionproceeds no further ; it simply
provides that—
"The President of the Senate shall, in the pres-
ence of the Senate and House of Representatives,
open all the certificates, and the votes shall then be
countod; the person having tho greatest number of
votes for President shall bo President"—
And—
"tho person having the Greatest number of votes as
Vieo President shall bo the Vice President, if such
number bo a majority of the wholo number ot elect-
ors appointed."
On the 6th day of February, 1865, the two
Hpuses of Congress adopted the twenty-second
joint rule, in order, so far as possible, to pre-
vent scenes like those which have occurred
in the joint convention just adjourned. The
second paragraph of that joint rule reads as
follows:
" If upon tho reading of such certificate by tho
tellers"—
This is the certificate of the vote of any
State—
" any question shall arise in regard to counting tho
votes therein certified, tho same having boon stated
the Presiding Officer, thoSenato shall thoreupon
withdraw, and said question shall be submitted to
that body tor its decision; and tho Speaker of the
House ol Representativessballin likomanner sub-
lnitsaia question to the Houso of Representatives
tor its doeision. And 110 question shall bo deeidod
affirmatively, andnovotoobjectedtoshaltbocounted
except by tho concurrent votes of tho two Houses:
which being obtained, the two Houses shall immedi-
ately reassemble, and the Presiding Officer shall then
announco tho decision of tho question submitted;
and upon any such question thero shall bo no debato
in either IIouso."
if this rule stood alone it would follow ne-
1 cessarily that if any objection were made to
the eounting of any vote from any State of the
Union, whether that vote was uncontested or
contested, the two Houses must meet in their
respective Chambers and without debate decide
the question. A few days since, however, the
same legislative power that enacted this joint
rule saw fit to enact another in the form of a
concurrent resolution covering part of the pre-
cise giound covered by the twenty-second joint
rule, i his was adopted in both branches upon
the yeas and nays with direct reference to the
joint meeting which has just been held. The
Chair, though not a lawyer, supposes it to be
one ol the fundamental principles of legal in-
terpretation that when there are two statutes
bearing upon any question, and it is impossible
to reconcile them, the later statute must have
the prevailing force. If they can be reconciled,
they must both stand. The same bodies which
enacted the twenty-second joint rule adopted,
on votes by yeas and nays in both branches, a
concurrent resolution, the preamble to which
has been overlooked amid the feeling which
has grown up in the joint convention. The
twenty-secondjoint rule provides that" if upon
the reading of any such certificate," that is the
certificate from any State, "any question shall
arise in regard to counting the votes therein
certified," a certain procedure shall then fol-
low. The concurrent resolution, however,
adopted within the last few days lays down a
different rule in regard to one State, and in the
opinion of the Speaker of the House takes
that State out of the operation of the twenty-
second rule. The Chair thinks it was intended
to be taken out, that intelligent gentlemen in
voting for it intended to withdraw the State of
Georgia from the operation of the twenty-sec-
ond joint rule; otherwise, as the Chair will
show, it would in the concluding part be an
absurdity. The preamble to this concurrent
resolution reads as follows :
" Whereas the question whether the State of Geor-
gia has become and is entitled to representation in
the two Houses of Congress is now pending and
undetermined" —
That apparently being a factwithin the knowl-
edge of members of both branches of Con-
gress—
" and wherens by the joint resolution of Congress
passed July 20,1868, entitled * A resolution excluding
from tho Electoral College votes of States lately in
rebellion, which shall not have been reorganized.'
it was provided that no electoral votes from any of
the States lately in rebellion should be received or
eoun tod for President or Vieo President of theUnited
States until, among other things, such State should
havo become entitled to representation in Congress
pursuant to tho acts of Congress in that behalf:
therefore,
"Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,)That on the assemblmgof the two
Houses on tho second Wednesday of February, 1869,
tor the counting of the electoral votes for President
and Vice President, as provided by law and the joint
rules, if tho counting or omitting to count tho elect-
oral votes, if any, -which may bo presented, as of the
State of Georgia, shall not essentially change the
result, in that oase they shall be reported by the
President of the Senate in tho following manner:
This is the language which the resolution
commands shall be uttered by the mouth of
the President of the Senate :
Wero the votes presented, as of the State of Geor-
gia, to be counted, the result would bo, for   for
President of the United States, votes; if not
counted, for — for President of tho United States,
- -votes; butin either caso is elected Presi-
dent of tho United States; and in the same manner
tor Vice President.
This concurrent resolution, adopted by the
same legal authority which adopted the joint
rule, declares in its preamble that it is a
fact apparent to Congress that it is a grave
question whether the State of Georgia is enti-
tled to representation ; that that question is
undetermined; and that therefore, when the
two Houses shall assemble, " as provided by
law and by the joint rules,'1 then if the count-
ing, or the omitting to count, the electoral votes
of Georgia shall not affect the result, the result
shall be announced by the President of the
Senate in a form of language which he is im-
peratively required to adopt. The Presiden
of the Senate has complied with the law which
the two Houses laid down for him. In the
opinion of the Chair, he would have been sub-
ject to the censure of the two Houses if he had
not complied with the law which these bodies
laid down for the performance of his duties in
joint convention. The Chair entertained the
objection of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bdtler] when the Senate retired,
because the Senate retired upon the ruling of
their own President,. But the Chair thinks
that in the subsequent proceedings of the joint
convention the President of the Senate com-
plied exactly with his oath and his duty under
the joint rules and the concurrent resolution,
the latter being the later, and, so far as it dif-
fers from-the other, qualifying and repealing it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire now to address the Houso
for a few moments on my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question is debatable.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will yield for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
There is no, time like the present to settle a
great question like this.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No,sir;
I do not yield for that motion.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 hope the resolution which
the gentleman from Massachusetts has offered
will be again read, so that we may see what is
before the House.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to know whether it is not
in the power of the House to decide whether
that shall be entertained as a question of priv-
ilege or not.
The SPEAKER. It was, if the Chair had
submitted it to the House; but it has already
been decided to be a question of privilege.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal from that de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to
entertain the appeal on the well-known ground
that when a point of order is once decided it
cannot be again renewed. When a point of
order is once decided it cannot be again re-
newed, although additional reasons may be
assigned for it.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I withdrew the point
of order because the Chair wished to make a
statement.
The SPEAKER. It is too late now; and
the Chair, after making his own statements,
would not like to see the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts deprived of the privilege of replying
to them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
the privilege of the House, Mr. Speaker, that
during the remarks which I propose to submit
I shall not be interrupted, and for this reason :
the point which is now before the House is as
grave a one as ever came to be settled by any
legislative body. Whatever our feelings may
be, under what we deem to be a gross invasion
of our privileges of natural and ordinary heat
arising from such oppression, I trust that the
few moments elapsing after the deed has been
done are sufficient to allow us to bring our
minds calmly, coolly, and dispassionately to
see the exact merits of the question. Allow
me to premise, sir, that I think this resolution
stands outside of all the remarks of the Speaker
of this House. Even if the Vice President were
right in doing what he did, yet, for the manner
in which he did it, we are without redress, and
if he were wrong it was the greatest outrage upon
the rights and privileges of this House.
Now, Mr Speaker, let us see exactly where
we stand. The Constitution of the United
States says_ that the President of the Senate
shall open in convention all of the votes of all
of the States, and they shall be therein counted,
and it is as impossible for this House or the
Senate, either jointly or separately, in concur-
rence or otherwise, to stop the operation of that
constitutional enactment as it is to turn back
the sun in its course; for, as you will see, sir,
we stand in this position: if the House and the
Senate, byjoint action before had, can determ-
ine what votes shall be counted and what votes
shall not be counted, then the House and the
Senate can determine who is and who is not to
be the President of the United States, and who
is and who is not to be the Vice President of
the United States.
The SPEAKER, lhe gentleman will yield
to receive a message from the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know whether I should or not.
message from the senate.
message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk} notifying the
