m
w®< mxfflmmM&smom,
D|cember: 16,
y.uited States. -Who condemned ? -Who
uttered, a word against your honor or yoiir
honesty ? Who believed that in ,vpting"<br that
measure you Senators who gave it your sap-
port meant to do,^dishonorableact?.Nooae;
not even the, niosj.rabid political paper in tjjje
United States, ^vhich was-opposed ito your party,
and,opposed to yon politically ever questioned
your personal integrity in that act.. And y£t,.
sir, proposition after proposition -was madein'
this body after ,t£ie reading of, the message,
reflecting,pot only.upon;the suggestion of the
President of thf^Uhited States,, but .reflecting
upon his honor m making the, suggestion,, for
one of^th^ resolution,? went to the extent of
declaring it'' .dishonest,'' Before Senators con-
demn measures or suggestions coming from
the Executive of .the united States, or from
aily .other source, they ought to calmly and
considerately wejgh what the suggestions are.
When you come to reduce the suggestion to its
elements, and to see what there is in il, you
find that there is nothing in it except what
you voted for yourselves.
However this resolution may be worded, it
cannot escape the conviction in thepublic mind
that it is intended not only to condemn the
measure, but to reach him who.made the sug-
gestion. Repudiation charged against a man
who, in his very communication to the body,
tells,you tb'at the public credit should be
Sacredly preserved! He, doubtless, vv-as .anx-
ious that the public credit shoflld be preserved;
and as there were many suggestions being made,
and as some of those suggestions had received
the favorable consideration of Congress, he
makes one that the public credit may be pre-
served ; and the basis of the suggestion, after
all, is the consent of the creditor, for he ex-
pressly says that the public creditors them-
selves, in view of the large gains to them from
their investment, the large amount of profit
which they realized from the investment, may
be perfectly willing to agree to a proposition
of this kind. Does he say to you, sir, does he
say to the country, that if the public creditors
are unwilling to accept a proposition of, this
kind then pass an act compelling them, to do
so? Not at all. He asks you to pass nothing;
he asks you to_ force nothing on the public
Creditor; but, sir, having as a wise man and as
a student of history pondered the teachings of
history, he may have foreseen as he thought,
and you may perhaps foresee if you,will for a
moment think of it, the danger iti which a large
public debt of this kind may be from exacting
principal and interest, the entire amount, with-
out listening to any words of accommodation.
To avoid repudiation it is not alone sufficient
to pass resolutions expressing the individual
opinions of members of this body. To avoid
repudiation or great public embarrassment it
would be wiser to commence the consideration
of those great measures of reform in the ad-
ministration of Government and in the legisla-
tion of Congress which the sufferings of an
embarrassed andburdened people imperatively
If you would elevate to the standard of coin
your legal-tenders or greenbacks there is a
way much more potential for the accomplish-
ment of such a laudable object than passing
resolutions through this body. Cease the ex-
penditure of the public money upon measures
which you yourselves admitted, were in their
inception, of an extraordinary character and
for a temporary period. Abolish your miser-
able Freedmen's Bureau, which has been a
blight and curse and disgrace to the country
ever since it was established; save the millions
that you are taking from the public Treasury
m supporting that bureau, an institution as
needless as the imagination of man can con-
ceive j cease the rule of Ulysses the First over
ten States of this Union, backed up by a large
and unnecessary military power; call off the
oppressors of the people; do not reward them
for their oppression by running.your hand into
the public Treasury and giving them premiums;
see that the taxes which you levy are so reason-
able in amount and so just in themselves that
the revenue o£ .the country can -be collected
without the pgrpetratApp,; of such enormous,
such extensive, and suoh..npBierotts frftu^ia.as
leave the amount collected'alm^t useless in
discharge-of the,public expenses.
.But, sjr, .gentlemen who are.in.f9.v0r of-,the
measures to .which I have all.udgd are ppt.jril,!-.
ipg that thpir reputation for integrity shoul&lie
tarnished by the possibility of its .being be-
lieved that they woujd discharge the public
indebtedness,,, except by paying the -whole
aipount of principal and the whole amount of
interest,.and some of them are so guarded in
reference to their reputation in this behalf that
they would pay- the whole amount in gold,
whether,the contract said "pay in gold" or
not. Mr. President, I believe in repudiation
in no form, in,no shape,1 in public or in private ;
but I do not believe in malting the public pay
the public creditors anything more than the
public, through their representatives, in Con-
gress, have agreed to pay them. There is a
large portion of this debt, perhaps two thirds
of it, as to which nothing has been said in
regard to what it shall be paid in, whether coin
or currency. I have no doubt my honorable
friend from New Jersey [Mr. Cattell]. Would
have it all paid in coin. IJe is a coin man.
He knows a great deal more about finances
than I do. It is a subject ■syhich I never studied
much, because I did not think I should everbe
able to understand it, never having seen aman
in my life that did. [Laughter.] Butlvvishto
suggest to thathonorable Senator, andto those
who are so generous that they would not only
pay off the public creditors according to the
contract but pay them off in coin, whether they
have ever considered the question where the
coin is to come from? The late Mr. Stevens
said in the House of Representatives, in a
public speech, that this country was indebted
to the amount of live billions. Others have
said that it amounts to four billions. The
published statement makes the ascertained
adjusted indebtedness, not including the unas-
certained or unadjusted indebtedness, to be
$2,50(>,000,000. How are you going to pay it
all off in eoiu, principal'and interest,?, ,
You are generous. Itis anoble feeling wjiieh
prompts not only to doing justly, but tells you,
as you have it in your power, to do more than
justly ; and you are now to look up the coin with
which to pay. How much coin is there in the
world ? Sir, there are not this day four billions
of coin in the whole world;, but admit that
there are four billions of coin in the whole
world, you propose to take four and a half bil-
lions of it and leave all the rest of the world with
a billion and a half. Modest request! You ex-
pect the world to come and bring its treasures to
your door to enable you to pay off your patri-
otic lenders of money, who loaned it, not for
their benefit, mind you, if they did lendagreen-
back worth forty cents on the dollar and get a
promise for one hundred cents for it, but for
your benefit, to enable you to prosecute a great
glorious, and patriotic war, the objects ofwhich
I will not now_ enter into. Perhaps before the
end of the session I may have occasion, on some
measure patriotic in its character which you
may suggest, to enter into a fuller considera-
tion of that branch of the subject. But do you
suppose that out of the four billions of coin iii
the whole world you are going to get two anil
a half billions and that the rest of the world is
going to be content with two and a half billions?
No, sir ; however patriotic the impulse may be,
and however strong the desire on yourpart may
be so to discharge the public indebtedness, you
will find when you want the money tado it-thiikt
you cannot get it. You will have to,resort'to
some other mode if you discharge it. But you
say, perhaps, " We do not propose to do it all
now; " but according to the prediction qf the
honorable and distinguished Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Fre'linghcxson] you will do it
in about twenty-ope years. Now, take the
amount of your coinage in the world twenty-one
years ago, compare it with the amountof coin-
age now, and say that it will increase "propor-
tionately twenty-one years in the future: jug-
pose.you have arrived"^ tjsat period, if you get
enough coi:n to dischMg^this public debt will
you not get more tbau ybur sb^re ? Is all the
world going to. let you have that amount? No.
It is, sjmply .this:. \vhen you attempt to .pay the
public debt in .coin, either now or in future, you
wijif find the coin is not there ; • you liave not
that much of the coin of the world for your
share; you will never be able to do it, and the
con^equanpe, will be that your debt will never
be paid, because you will never have the where-
withal to pay it.
Oh, .but, said , the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Pbbung.htjtsen] the other
day, in that beautiful and elegant speech which
hemad.e—and he always makes such speeches—
" we .will find the resources in our waving
fields''—I thought he was going to become a
poet—"we will find thejn in our mines; we
will find them in .the different industrial pur-
suits of life ; and if everything else fails we will
find them in the sweat of our brows." Mr.
President, I believe it was Artemus Ward who
said during the war, to show his patriotism,
that he was perfectly willing, as a proof of his
devotion to his country, to give every one of
his wife's relations to the .prosecution of the
war. [Laughter.] I do not know that I object
to taking the waving fields of New Jersey and
the mines of Pennsylvania and the products
of'the shops of Nefr England and giving them
all to discharge this public debt; and I am
willing to' contribute my,part of the public
burden, but when it comes to this sweating
business I do not sweat, [laughter ;] the Sena-
tor from New Jersey will not sweaty and the
honorable Senator who offered this resolution
will not sweat. Whenever it comes to the point
of sweating, let me tell you, Mr. President,
the great masses of the people will take hold
of it, and these public creditors had better now,
I will not say take the suggestion of the Presi-
dent, but take some reasonable proposition.
They know, as the President says, that they
have already got as much as they ever invested.
Let thsm come up and agree to an adjustment
before sweating time comes. Do you suppose
the people of this country are so in love with
this public debt, that they are. so sensitive upon
the subject, a.s is either one of the honorable
Senators from New Jersey or any member of
this body ?
Do you not suppose they will hail with de-
light the time when the tax-gatherer no longer
comes around to summon them to the county
seat? I live in a very plain, unsophisticated
part of the world; they never saw a Federal
tax-gatherer before this war; but now men are
summoned up to the county seat to tell how
much their income is, that they may contribute
a portion of it for the benefit of Uncle Sam.
Do you not think it will delight their hearts
when they find that they have to sweat to help
to pay these taxes for the Federal Govern-
ment? Ho? would they have been wounded
in their finer sensibilities if the .tax-gatherer
had only told them, " Well, now, you need not
pay this at all; " and would they not have
protested, would they not have asked the privi-
lege of giving part of the fruits of the sweat
ot their brow for the beuefit of the Federal
Government?
Sir, the cry of "copperhead" and '• traitor,"
"rebels down South" and " Ku-Klux Elan,"
and all those things, wiJl soon pass away. You
cannot keep up the public excitement very long
and tor many years so as to control popular
elections by such cries. I make 110 predictions ;
but I say that four years to come they will not
be strong enough to defeat thp honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] for Gov-
ernor, if he wishes to be. And then, when your
public debt is not being decreased ; when you
keep up your standing Army, that costs twice
as much now to maintain,.it as the ordinary
average expenses of the General Government
were in the past; when navies are kept up;
when there is no curtailment of the public ex-
penses ; when the people see all this, and when
all those things that excited for the moment
hayes passed away and sweating time comes, the
