1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
OFFICERS ANI) OREW Of THE KKAltSAltflE.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. TJG7) to compensate the officers
and crew of the Uuited States steamer Kear-
sarge for the destruction of the rebel piratical
vessel Alabama.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the amendments
of the Senate to that bill be non-concurred in
and a conference asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Pike, Mr.
Twichell, and Mr. Haight managers of the
conference on the part of the House.
NAVAL CAPTURES ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 112) relating to captures made by
Admiral' Farragut's fleet in the Mississippi
river in May, 1862.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PURCHASES BY INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment of the Senate to House joint
resolution No. 438, relative to certain pur-
chases by the Interior Department.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
after the word "goods," in line thirteen, the
words "in such unpaid bills."
Mr. LAFLIN. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that-the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PINES, PENALTIES, AND FORFEITURES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 375, to repeal an act
to regulate the disposition of fines, penalties,
and forfeitures received under the laws relat-
ing to 'the customs, and for other purposes, and
to amend certain acts for the prevention and
punishment of frauds on the revenue and for
the prevention of smuggling.
The amendments of the Senate were : in line
eighteen, after the word "the," to insert the
words " second, third, and fourth sections of
the;" also to amend the title by inserting after
the word "repeal" the words "certain sections
of the."
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I move that
the House disagree to the amendments of the
Senate, and ask a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote last taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate tot House bill No. 1279, in relation
to additional bounties, and for other purposes.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the second section, which declares
that the prohibition of bounty in the fourteenth
section of the act of July 28, I860, to any sol-
dier " who shall have bartered, sold, assigned,
transferred, loaned, exchanged, or given away
his final discharge papers, or any interest in
the bounty provided by this or any act of Con-
gress," shall not apply iu eases when the full
amount of bounty has been advanced by States,
counties, or towns to the soldiers or to their
families, but the State, county, or town ad-
vancing the same shall be entitled to it.
The second amendment of the Senate was in
line twenty-one, page 1,strike out "or" and
insert "all."
The third amendment was to add to the bill
the following:
Sec. —.. A nd be it further enucted, That all claims for
the additional bounties'granted in sections twelve
and thirteen of the actof July 28,1866,shall afterthe
let day of May next be adjusted and settled by the
accounting officers of the Treasury undertbe provis-
ions of said act; and all such claims as may on the
said 1st day of May be remaining in the oflfce of the
Paymaster General unsettled shall be transferred to
the Second Auditor of the Treasury for settlement.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That all claims
for bounty under the provisions of the act cited in
the foregoing section shall be void unless presented
in due farm prior to the 1st day of December, 1869.
Mr. GARFIELD. I njove to concur in thfe
amendments of the Senate. They have struck
out one section which we would like to have in
the bill. But it is now too late in the session
to insist upon retaining it. They have also
added a section which is of importance. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate
were concurred -in.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX OX .MANUFACTURES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 1327, to amend
an act entitled "An act to exempt certain man-
ufactures from internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved March 81, 1868.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
Mr. SCHENCK. These amendments are
merely verbal. Probably the Senate may sup-
pose that they have improved the language of
the bill, whatever may be the opinion of the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House.
I move that the amendments of the Senate be
concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SGHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed-to.
mary a. filler.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 425) for the relief of Mary A. Filler.
Mr. KOONTZ. The amendment of the
Senate is simply to strike out of the bill that
portion which proposes to confer upon Mrs.
Filler the same rights and benefits as if she
were the natural mother of the deceased sol-
dier. I move that the amendment be con-
curred in.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Strike out after " law," in line five, to the end of
the bill, the following:
And in these and in all other respects shall have
the same rights and benefits as if she were the natural
and lawful mother of said Henry Drenning.
Mr. PERHAM. I hope th^ amendment will
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on th'e table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEMUEL BARTHALOW.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate amendment to the bill (II. R. No.
128) granting a pension to Lemuel Barthalow.
The SPEAKER. In this case the amend-
ment of the Senate is simply to correct the
name in the title and in the body of the bill
by changing "n" to "w," so as to read
"Barthalow." If there be no objection the
amendment will be regarded as concurred in.
There was no objection.
M. J. and ii. B. guthrie.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
19S0) granting a pension to Madge J. Guthrie
and Robert B. Guthrie.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
In line six, insert after "them" the words "or
their authorized guardian or guardians."
In line eight, after "1867" insert "and continuing
until November 11.1868; and afterward to the said
Robert or his guardian or guardians until October 23,
1871, when he will attain the age ofsixteen years."
Mr. PERHAM. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
relief of postmasters.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the relief of
HenryS. Gibbous, late postmaster at St. Johns,
Michigan.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows :
Add at the end of the joint resolution the following:
Provided, It shall be proven satisfactorily to the
, Postmaster General that funds belonging to the Post
; Office Department to the amount of $500 was stolen
i by burglars, and that said Gibbons was not guilty
I of neglect in the custody thereof.
| Sec. 2. Awlbe it further re/tohed, That Luther Mc-
I Neal be paid the sum of £175 46 tor money and post-
I age stamps belonging to the United States, and which
were stolen from the post office at the town of Lan-
caster, Erie county, New York, while he was post-
master, and "which sum he has paid to the Govern-
ment on settlement with the Post Office Department
as such postmaster, and that such sum be paid out
of the Post Office fnnd by the Postmaster General
upon the said MeNeal making proof to his satisfac-
tion that said money and stamps werestolen without
any fault ofsaid MeNeal.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further resolved. That in the settle-
ment of the accounts of Setb M. Gates, postmaster at
Warsaw, New York, with the Post Office Department,
the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to allow a credit to the said Seth M? Gates of
$726 73, the amount in value of postage stamps be-
longing to the Uuited States stolen from the post
office on the 16th of July, 1867, while the said Gates
was postmaster: Provided, Thatitsball satisfactorily
appear to the Postmaster General that thesaid Gates
was guilty of no negligence in the custody of the said
stamps.
Amend the title so as to read: "A joint resolution
for the relief of Henry S. Gibbons, Luther A'IcN e;il,
and Seth M. Gates."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe I will move to
lay that joint resolution on the table.
Mr. FERRY. This bill, after being consid-
ered by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and receiving the unanimous assent
of that committee, was reported to this House,
and. after pretty full discussion was passed and
sent to the Senate. The Senate has attached
to it an amendment embracing two cases sim-
ilar to that provided for in the original Bill,
accompanied with a proviso that none of the
claims shall be paid unless sufficient evidence
be presented to the Postmaster General to sat-
isfy him that they ought to be paid. I move
concurrence in the amendments.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not wish to interpose
any objection at this stage to the bill as passed
by the House, that question having already
been determined ; but the Senate amendment
embraces two claims which we know nothing
about. I hope the House will non-concur.
Mr. FERRY. The bill is properly guarded
by a provision directing the Postmaster Gen-
eral not to pay the claims unless in his judg-
ment there should be sufficient evidence that
the money and stamps were stolen and that the
respective postmasters were not guilty of any
neglect.
I yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Van Hoen.]
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] had charge
of the matter in reference to Mr. Gates, but
owing to his absence it was not reported and
the amendment was put on in the Senate at my
suggestion. The case has been examined with
care and has been found to be all right. I
