114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
invalid pensions.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo di-
rected to furnish for the information of the House a
list of the names of all invalid pensioners placed on
the roll since 1881 from disabilities incurred in the
.servioeof the United States during the war for the
suppression of the rebellion, with their residence or
address; and that he also designate in said listtbo
names of those who still continue to receive pen-
sions, and the rate per month.
Mr< SCO FIELD. I object.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Wim.iam G. Moore, his Private
Secretary.
bridge across tiie missouki.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Jieaolved, That tho Secretary of \Yar be directed to
furnish this House with any reports made by officers
of the engineer department with reference to the
bridge across the Missouri river at Kansas City, Mis-
souri.
rights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas this House, by a resolution adopted June
15.18158, h;is declared that Messrs. Warren and Cos-
tcllo, American citizcns, now held under penal sei vi-
tudo in English prisons, were "convicted and sen-
tenced in (IreatBritainforwoidsandacbspokenaud
done in this country, by ignoring our naturalisation
laws;" and whereas tho Secretary of State of tho
United States has, in a dispatch to Mr. Moran. our
charge d'affairtf* at London, which was lead to Lord
Stanley, the English foreign secretary, by said Moran,
July U, ISClS, stated that iho correspondence of our
legation at London is full of remonstrances and
expostulations which,.by tho President's direction,
he. tho said Secretary of State, had addressed to lier
Majesty's Government against the imprisonment of
Messrs. Warren and Costello, which said rouion-
strances and expostulations seem to be neglected and
despised by her said Majesty's Government; and
whereasamcinberof thisHouso from theStateofOhio
on the 3d day of February, 18(58, declared that if
Messrs. Warren and Costello were tried and impris-
oned, m England for words and acts spoken and done
within our jurisdiction it concerned the peace of the
Republic, and more, that it involved tho honor of
tho Commonwealth; and whereas ou the said 3d of
l'ebruary, 18138, the chairman of the Committee on
I<oroign Allan's and said member of this House from
Ohio protested against this matter going to the Ex-
ecutive, as it was a matter exclusively lor congres-
sional notion; and whereas the official report of War-
ren s trial was communicated to this House, referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,and ordered to bo
printed on the 10th day of February, 186S, now ten
mouths ago, clearly proving thatMessrs. Warren and
Costello were tried, and convicted in Dublin for
words und actsdonoand spoken in theUnited States,
as alleged in the resolution ot this House of June 15,
IS OS, and Winch has been denied by Lord Stanley; and
whereas no report has been mado by any committee
ot lias House, and no notice has been taken by this
House tor these ten months of this matter, involving
not only tho pcace of our Republic, but the honor of
the Commonwealth; and whereas a resolution involv-
ing the facts herein alleged was rcfoircd to the Com-
mittee on I1 oreign Affairs over ten months ago, upon
which no report lias since been made: Therefore
lie It remlvd by this Home, Thataseiecteommittee
of seven members bo. and the same hereby i« ap-
pointed to examine into this matter, and report
ioithwith to this House whether any American citi-
zens have >con tried and convicted in Great Britain
ior words and acts spoken ordone in tho United States
or by ignoring our naturalization laws, and to recom-
mend by bill or otherwise such measures as will
vindicate the honor of tho Commonwealth,
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object to this pre-
amble and resolution, unless they are referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ROBINSON. I shall notconsent to any-
thing going to that committee, and therefore I
withdraw the resolution.
UrTRO-GI<YCElU-NE, PETROLEUM, ETC.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No 15o4) prohibiting the
carriage as freight in passenger vessels of nitro-
glycerine, petroleum, or other explosive sob-
stances ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
aud ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee on Recon-
struction, which is authorized to report at any
time, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1556) to relieve
Andrew Ramsay, W. L. Heriotz, William J.
Mixson, William A. McDaniels, James Har-
rison, John H. Goodwin, Johnson J; Knox,
J. J. Klein, John W. Burbridge, Charles B.
Farmer, and George Buist from all political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States ; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. PAINE. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Reconstruction to ask that this
bill be considered at this time. I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read a statement relating
to the persons named in this bill, signed by the
Representatives from the State of South Caro-
lina in this Housg.*
The Clerk read as follows:
The persons named in this bilI are loyal men,
have boen elected to various positions, and unless
they qualify before January 1st their oliiccs cannot
be filled except by a new election, as tho offices they
have been elected to areelective undnot appointive.
They are men worthy to have their disabilities re-
moved.
B. F- TVHITTEMORE,
Member of Covftrai First District.
C. C. BO WEN.
Member of Congress Second District.
S£MEONCl>RLI3¥,
Member of Conaress Third District.
JAMES H. GdSS,
Member of Congress Fourth District.
Mr. PAINE. The statement just read shows
the reason why we desire to make this an ex-
ceptional case, and ask for legislation now.
It is that unless these gentlemen are relieved
from disabilities before the 1st day of January
next the oilices to which ihey have been elected
will be vacated. For that reason we have
placed them in a separate bill, I will add that
these gentlemen are all citizens of the State
of South Carolina; the names of citizens of
no other State being placed in the bill.
I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have
printed in the Globe, some documents relating
to some of these gentlemen. I now yield the
floor to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] my colleague on the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 was about to suggest that
all these documents should be printed. I will
also add, while 1 am up, that we who are in
the minority of the committee from which this
bill is reported, though cognizant of the fact
Unit these persons are almost all of one po-
litical party, yet hope that the day will soon
come, now that universal male negro suffrage
exists in the South, when universal white male
suffrage will also be permitted there.
The papers referred to by Mr. P.uxe are as
follows :
greenville coukt-iiouse, south carolina,
December 11, l8d8.
Sik: Having been eleetcd school commissioner of
our county, I cannot qualify because of political dis-
abilities. Will you be so kind as to take the proper
measures to have my disabilities removed by Con-
gress ?
1 ours, very respectfully,
tT T ,, , „ " JAMES HARRISON.
Hon. J. M. Allen, Scaator.
Fkiexd Whittemore: Please doaliyoucan in this
matter: also, that of John H. Goodwin and W, A.
McDaniel, as it is necessary that these gentlemen
should bo able to qualify under the act or resolution
introduced by you at the iast session, that was to
extend the time to qualify until the 1st of January,
Respectfully, yours, &e.,
JAMES M. ALLES.
I am not personally acquainted with the parties
named in this communication. They have been
eleoted on tho Republican ticket, and are recom-
mended by Hon. James M. Allen. State senator, and
postmaster at Greenville, South Carolina, and I can
safely indorse his recommendations.
,, , B. F. WHITTEMORE,
Member of Comress First District South Cnrolina.
In Tilg House of Representatives,
Columbia, South Carolina, ifeeemier 12,1868.
Deak S:e: Yours of the 10th instant has just eome
to band. In reply I write to inlorm you that Mr
W. J. Mixson was before the war a magistrate, and
at tho commencement of tho War fie enlisted as a" pri-
vate and remained in the confederate army about
three months. He was the first and, for some time,
the only white man in Barnwell who supported tho
reconstruction acts. He has from the passage of
those acts faithfully labored for the success of the
Republican part.v. As an acknowledgment of his
merit he-was elected as a member of the General
Assembly. Do have his disabilities removed as soon
as possible.
Yours, truly, R. B. ELLIOTT.
Hon. B. F. Whittemoke.
Mt.ohaniosville Post Office,
sttmteb cobnty, b. c„ December 12, 1868.
Dear Sir: Having had the pleasure of making
your acquaintance sometime ago at Mr. Cogiilan's,
in Sumter, I have taken the liberty of asking  tavoi-
1 of you, namely: that you will press my claims for the
removal of my disabilities, which are simply these:
that I unfortunately some ten or fifteen years ago
was a member of the Legislature, and went into the
confederate army. X have acted from the beginning
to tho end faithfully with the Republican party in
furthering all of their views, and was the only white
man in my neighborhood who would act with the
Republican party in the hourof its greatest need. I
assisted in the election for members for convention,
its ratification, and for all of its nominations, and
acted at our polls as magistrate at aii of its elections
to preserve peace and order. Should reference be
required I will give you the voters of Sumtpr county
as proof, und also of my stand with the party. Mv
petition from South Carolina Legislature, I have
been informed by Mr. Coghlan, our senator, was
unanimous, and was forwarded to Congress last fell
jusfc before it took its recess. Please give it your
earliest attention and oblige,
Very respectfully, your obedi nt servant, &c„
R. LA ROCHE HERIOl'Z.
Hon. B. F. AVhittemore.
Please let me hear from you, and oblige, very re-
spectfully, . R. L. II..
Mr. PAINE. I will now call the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
withdraw that motion for a moment?
Mr. PAINE. Very well.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman to allow me to move an amendment
to this bill, to add the name of De Witt C.
Sentcr, of Tennessee. The committee have
directed me to report a bill for his relief.
Mr. PAINE. I feel authorized to allow the
amendment to be offered.
Mr. FARN-5WORTH. Mr. Senter is now
the Lieutenant GovernorofTennessee', and will
soon be ob'iged to take the oath of Governor.
The SPEAKER. As the bill comes from a
committee, the amendment canuotbe accepted.
It will be regarded as pending.
Mr. PAINE. I now demand the previous
question on the bill and pending amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereoftheamendmentofMr. Farnswokth
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a thiid reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third lime.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, it was passed, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PAINE, the title of the
bill was amended so as to read, "An act to
relieve certain persons therein named from ail
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of
the United States."
militia in southern states.
Mr. PAINE also reported back, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, a bill (H. R,
No. 1537) to repeal certain provisions of sec-
tion six^ of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June SO, 1868, and for otlier
purposes," approved March 2, 18(17, and de-
manded the previous question.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The bill, which 'was read, provides for tba
repeal of section six. of .the act named in the
title, so far as the same is applicable to the
States of North Carolina, South .Carolina, Flor-
ida,, Alabama^®^.Louisiana., .
.* Mr. BROOKS. I think my colleague on the
