*£})66
THE OOTORESSIOHAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Heretofore, from the tirae the first electoral
vote was counted down- to- to-day, the States
have been, called in one or the other of two
regular orders; either in alphabetical order or
after the.original thirteen in the order of their
admission into the .Union. But to-day the
States were, called for the.,fi.vSt time in all sorts
of order, if qrder can be said to be where order
there was none. The State of New Hampshire
was called before Maine, Maine before Minne-
sota, and so on in every possible way. And the
State of Georgia was called last, so that it might
be known whether the counting of.the vote
would make any difference -in the result. No:
man could know officially and legally the fact
we were here officially and legally to ascertain
had Georgia been called in her regular place ;
no man could tell whether on opening the rest
of the envelopes that we should not .find the.
majority of the votes to be the other way. So,
Georgia was cut loose from the rest and put off
till the last.
Very well; when the objection to counting
the vote of the State of Georgia came to be
submitted to the House, every loyal member
of this House on the Republican side, and some
I grant of the loyal men on the other side, at
least I hope so,'voted that under .the circum-
stances the vote of Georgia ought not to be
counted. And had her vote been for Grant and
Colfax I would not have counted it as .soon as
when it was given for the other side. We there-
fore voted that-her vote was notto be counted.
We had a joint rule which it is said is wrong.
If it was wrong, then this concurrent resolution
was wrong. If this concurrent resolution is
right, then the joint rule is right; which says
that the vote of no State can be counted if it
is objected to by either House. The Speaker
has told us that the President of the conven-
tion was right in counting the vote of Georgia,
although the House protested against it, because
the concurrent resolution of the two Houses
directed him so to do. !(Ndw, what is the force
of a concurrent resolution? It is a declaration
that the two Houses, at the time of its passage,
concurred in a certain act or declaration. Now
after we have concurred in a resolution cannot
we non-concur and rescind it, at least so far as
we are concerned ? And did we not non-concur
and rescind that concurrent resolution when
we voted that the vote of the State of Georgia
should not be counted? I put that as a ques-
tion of parliamentary law to the Speaker. We
first concurred with the Senate that the vote
of Georgia should be counted in a certain way.
After a time, while acting as part of the con-
vention, we changed our opinion, and told the
Senate that we had non-concurred in that reso-
lution, and had voted, three to one, to reverse
our formor action.
If we have no power to do that, then I ask
gentlemen here where are we ? Then the House
has lost its share ot control over the Govern-
ment ; it never can rescind this concurrent res-
olution ; it never can rescind this joint rule, I
mean. I do not mean the concurrent resolu-
tion about the State of Georgia, but-the joint
rule in regard to the vote of any State to the
counting of which either House shall object,
without leave of the Senate. Now, I have here
a resolution that that joint rule, so far as this
House is concerned, shall be rescinded; but
if the ruling is correct, then we never can
rescind it. As a part of the convention we
rescinded the concurrent resolution when we
said that the vote of Georgia ought not to be
counted under any circumstances.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
1 cannot permit myself to be interrupted just
now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I advise the gen-
tleman not to do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I take
the gentleman's advice for what it is worth—
nothing more.
Mr. J ARNSWORTH. My question might
expose the fallacy of the gentleman's argu-
ment. °
_ ,Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman shall have ample time to do that.
Mr. Speaker, as I was saying, if we cannot
rescind that resolution, there it stands. If the
Senate can always control, as they did to-day,
by instructing their President what to do, where
are we then? They instruct him before he
comes in here; and when he comes here he
takes the gayel.and stands there, and we.can-
not appeal from his decision. We cannot even
clear out our House so as to proceed with our
deliberations by ourselves. He must remain
there shouting ''Order!" until they shut us up.
The Senate, having got into our Hall, hold
themselves here, and a motion is not even en-
tertained to dissolve the convention. In other
words, the convention can be dissolved only
by the order of the Senate, and not by,the
order of the House, because the convention
happens to be held in the Hall of the House.
The Senate can retire whenever they please;
but we cannot get them out till they want to
go. Am I not right in this? Is there any
escape from this conclusion ?
When the President of the Senate refused to
entertain my motion, that the Senate have per-
mission to leave, I asked—and I saw that it
grated on the feelings of some gentlemen—
whether we had not the right to clear our Hall.
All I meant was that we had the right to inform
the Senate that we wanted our Hall ourselves ;
that they have no greater right here than we
have, and I think it was the duty of the Pre-
siding Officer to put the motion. The Senate
had no business here any longer when we of
the House desired the'use of our Hall for the
purpose of consultation. If the President of
the Senate will not put the motion for the Sen-
ate to leave; if they will not leave on so broad
a hint as I gave them ; if the Speaker will not
turn them out, how are we ever to get rid of
them? And there is no appeal! there is noth-
ing to be said!
Thus there has been brought about this
shameful spectacle—that when we have a Pres-
ident and Vice President elected with more
unanimity than almost any of their predeces-
sors, instead of the result being announced
amid the paaans and shouts of an applauding
people, the Presiding Officer of the Senate, in
conjunction with that body, commits a gross
violation of the rights of this House, and the
declaration is made amid confusion and per-
sonal couflict. The only tiling that ought to
have been done^ under such circumstances is,
it seems to me, illustrated in the history of the
British Parliament in olden tiroes. When they
had a Speaker who, at the command of the
court, insisted that he would adjourn by leaving
the chair, how did they prevent it? They placed
their strong men there to hold him down, so
that he should not get out. We in this case
had only to reverse the process. , We had our
strong men ; and why should we not have fol-
lowed that old^ precedent of parliamentary
history? Who is responsible for all this? I
will tell you. It was the Presiding Officer of
the Senate, and the Senate sustaining him, who
were trampling upon our rights. And when
the rights of the people are trampled upon in
ray person, I give ample notice that there will
be at least 'a noise. [Laughter.] If I cannot
speak in an orderly and proper manner, I will
speak in a disorderly and improper manner.
I will speak somehow; I will not be silenced.
And I ask that this House shall now express
its sense of this breach of its privileges.
Mi\ Speaker, I trust I have not given even
a strained version ot this affair. Now, what is
our remedy? I have not offered this resolu-
tion with the expectation of passing it to-night,
because I do not want anything done under
heat; I do not want anything done without
great care. I have no doubt that this House
would now vote almost nem. con. that this was
a gross outrage on the privileges of the House.
But what do I propose by this resolution and
by another which I hold in my hand, provid-
ing that the joint rule be abrogated? I pro-
pose that the subject shall be referred to a
select committee of five or seven, as the House
may jjlease, that- they may at once proceed- to
examine and to report by bill or otherwise what
action the House shall take for the purpose of
preserving its rights and privileges and giving
a proper construction of the Constitution, in
order that' this unseemly and disgraceful scene
(whoever may be responsible for it) may never
be repeated in this joint convention of the two
Houses.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to modify my resolution
by adding' the following additional resolutions:
Resolved, That the twenty-seeonrtjoint rule of tho
House and Senate be, and hereby is, rescinded on the
part of the House.
Resolved, That the resolutions nowpendingbo, and
a^e hereby, referred to a select committee of five,
with leave to report at any time.
I now yield the remainder of my tirae to the
gentleman from Ohio, who, I understand,
wishes to be heard on this question.
Mr. COLFAX, (Speaker of the House.) I
ask the gentleman from Ohio to yield to me
for a short time ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly, with
pleasure.
Mr. COLFAX. I acknowledge, Mr. Speaker,
my surprise when directly referred to by the
gentleman from Massachusetts in the case which
he propounded as a hypothetical case, and when
I asked of him the poor courtesy of replying at
the moment, he declined to yield me the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And he
gave the reasons for so declining.
Mr. COLFAX. Now, sir, there are various
ways of attacking a person. It may sometimes
be by the charge direct, and sometimes by
charging what might be done by him in the
future. The gentleman from Massachusetts is
master of both methods, and if in the remarks
which the members of this House will read in
the Globe in the morning he did not allude
hypothetically to what might occur, when as
Vice President of the United States I may be
called upon, sitting in that chair, presiding over
the joint convention of the two Houses to count
the votes for President and Yice President of
the United Slates, after the next presidential
election, then I did not understand the language
which fell from his lips.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Just the
contrary.
Mr. COLFAX. I yield to the gentleman,
although he declined to yield to me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I told the
gentleman 1 did not refer to him hypothetically.
I had not the gentleman in my mind at all, as
I now assure him upon my honor.
Mr. COLFAX. I accept the explanation of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and I am
glad to find that I was mistaken, although I
listened attentively to his language and his
similes.
A word in reference to the question which
has arisen between the two Houses. It will not
be long before I must leave this Hall, and the
earnest warning which I would now address to
my fellow-members is to avoid as far as possi-
ble any conflict between the two branches of
Congress, in whose hands have been confided by
the Constitution and the people the legislative
power of ibis Government. If it be apparent
that duties have been performed in conformity
to the law standing on the statute-book, then I
pray you beware how this House or any mem-
ber of the House goes down to the coming gen-
erations of the future as voting in favor of an
unjust resolution of condemnation.
Now, sir, this case is all in a nutshell. The
Constitution of the United States declares that
the President of the Senate, in presence of the
Senate and House of Representatives, shall
count the votes and declare the result. If
there had been no other rule that power would
have_ been absolute in the hands of the Vice
President. We saw that in 1856 when the
question arose as to whether the electoral vote
of the State of Wisconsin should be counted or
thrown out. In that case the electors were
prevented from meeting on the day fixed by
law by a severe snow-storm, but they met on the
succeeding day and cast their votes. I remem-
ber the scene well which took place in the old
