1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
know that the burglary was committed, and the
special agent who was sent to the place reported
that Mr.'Gates had used all due diligence in
the discharge of his duty and taking care of
the Government property.
Mr. LYNCH. That case was referred to
me as sub-committee of the Committee on the
Pos' Office and Post Eoads. I went to the
Post Office Department and investigated the
case and found it to be all right. The com-
mittee were unanimously in its favor. It would
have been reported if I had not been called
away, and there has been no opportunity since
to report it.
Mr. FERRY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
certifying checks by national banks.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 1973. in reference to certifying cheeks
by national banks.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out ia linos eight, nine, ten, and eleven the
words:
And it shall be the duty of the officers of any na-
tional bank certifying any check to enter the same
to the account against which it is drawn as if the
amount of such check had been paid in money.
And insert in lieu thereof the words:
And any eheck so certified by duly authorized
officers shall be a good and valid obligation against
such bank.
Mr. PRICE. How would the bill then read?
The Clerk read the bill as it would be if
amended, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That it shall be unlawful for any
officer, clerk, or agent of any national bank to cer-
tify any check drawn upon said bank unless the
peison cu;company drawing said check shall have
on deposit in said bani at the tiuie such eheck is
certified an amount.of money equal to the amount
specified in such checks and any check so certified
•by duly authorized officers shall be a good and valid
obligation against such bank; and any officer, clerk,
-or agent,-of any national bank violating tile provis-
ions of this act shall subjcct such bank to the liabil-
ities and proceedings on the part of the Comptroller
as provided for in section fifty of the national bank-
ing law, approved June 3, 1864.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
that the amendment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was concurred in; and also moved that the
moiion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
keports of national banks.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the substitute of the Senate for House bill
No. 1881, regulating the reports of national
banking associations.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause and insert:
That in lieu of all reports required by section
thirty-four of the national currency act every asso-
ciation shall make to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency not less than five reports during each and every
year, according to the form which maybe prescribed
by him, verified by the oath or affirmation of the
president or cashier of such association and attested
by the signature of at least three of the directors;
which report shall exhibitin detail and under appro-
priate heads the resources and liabilities of the asso-
ciation at the close of business on any pastdaytobe
by him specified, and shall transmit such report to the
Comptroller within five days after the receipt of are-
quest er requisition theretor from him; and the report
of each association, in the same form in which it is
made to the Comptroller, shall be published in a
newspaper published in the place where such asso-
ciation is established, or it ihore be no newspaper in
the place, then in the one published nearest thereto in
the i.une county, at the expense of the association;
and such proof of publication shall be furnished as
snay be r< quired by the Comptroller. And the Comp-
iroiier shall have power to -call for special reports
fiorn any particular association whenever in hisjudg-
ment the same shall bo necessary in order to a full
and coinptcte knowledge*^ its conditio!!. Any asso-
ciation failing to make and transmit any such report
shall be subject to a penalty of SlOOfor each day after
five days that such bank shall delay to make and
transmit any report as aforesaid and in case any asso-
ciation shall delay or refuse to pay the penalty herein
imposed, when the same shall beassessed by theComp-
trollcr of the Currency, the amount of such penalty
may be retained by the Treasurer of the United
States, upon the order of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, out of the interest, as it may become due to
the association, on the bonds deposited with him to
secure circulation; and all sums of money collected
for penalties under this section shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
a concurrence.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to lay the amendment
of the Senate on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I move a non-concurrence,
and that the House ask for a conference.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
House will listen to me 
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 35,
noes 78.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my motion to concur, and call the previous
question on the motion to" non-concur.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to non-concur and ask
a conference was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the part of the House Messrs. Randall, Pom-
eroy, and Lynch.
hot springs reservation.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1276) for the sale of the Hot Springs
reservation in Arkansas.
Mr. JULIAN. I move the reference of the
amendments to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
relief of scodt3 and guides.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1879) for the relief of certain com-
panies of scouts and guides organized in Ala-
bama.
The first amendment was to strike out
" Gordon " and insert " R. S.so as to read
" General R. S. Granger."
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all other
companies or parts of companies of scouts and guides
organized or employed by General it. S. Granger
under the authority or by the approval of Major
General George H.Thomas, commanding the depart-
ment of the Cumberland, be entitled to the same
relief as provided for the companies named in the
first section of this act: Provided. That before such
payment satisfactory evidence of service shall be
furnished by claimants as approved by the Secretary
of War.
Mr. RAUM. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to move a concurrence
in the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAUM moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred in ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
illinois iron and bolt company.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 18G7) for the relief of the Illinois Iron
and Bolt Company.
The amendment was to insert in line eleven
the words " not exceeding $2,750."
The amendment was agreed to.
peter m gough.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 1989) for the relief of Peter McGough,
collected of internal revenue and disbursing
agent of the twentieth district of Pennsylvania.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
be, and they ore hereby, authorized to allow to Peter
McGough, collector and disbursing agent of the
twentieth internal revenue district of Pennsylvania,
a credit for the sum of $4,750 64, public money de-
posited in pursuance of law in the Venango National
Bank, late a United States designated depository,
and lost by the failure of said bank without fault or
neglect of the said collector and disbursing agent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
proof of wills.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 612) relating to the proof of
wills in the District o-f Columbia; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask that that bill be
put upon its passage.
The bill provides that whenever a will or
codicil shall be exhibited for probate to the
orphans' court of the District of Columbia, if
any witness to the same shall reside out of the
District or be temporarily absent therefrom at
thetime when the said wili or codicil shall be so
exhibited for probate, it. shall be lawful for the
court to issue, upon personal notice of nolless
than twenty days to all the parties in interest, a
commission to one or more competent persons
to take the deposition of such absent witness or
witnesses, in such form as the court may pre-
scribe, touching the execution of such will or
codicil and the competency of the testator or
testatrix at the time of the execution thereof,
and that such depositio* when returned to said
court shall be received as competent testimony
and have the same force and effoct as if the
said witness or witnesses were personally pres-
ent and testifying; provided that in all such
cases the original will or codicil shall accom-
pany the commission to be exhibited to the
witness.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The bill explains itself
and requires no explanation from me. There
can be no objection to it from any source. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter'motion was agreed to.
militia in southern states.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 665) respecting the organ-
ization of militia in the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Florida, Louisiana, and
Arkansas ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill proposes to repeal so much of the
Army appropriation bill'approved March 2,
1867, as prohibits the organization, arming, or
calling into service of the militia forces in the
Statesof North Carolina, South Carolina, Flor-
ida, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope we shall put it
upon its passage.
Mr. PAINE. If there is no objection to the
bill I withdraw my motion.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. PAINE. I had examined the bill care-
fully and saw that there was nothing objection-
