1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
committee [Mr. Paixe] owes to the House
some exposition of a bill of such importance
as this before calling for summary action
upon it-
Mr. PATNE.^ I will state to the House the
object we have in presenting this bill. By sec-
tion six of the act of March 2, 18G7, it was
provided that in the lately rebellious States no
militia should be organized or maintained.
That provision is still in. force, although sev-
eral of those States have been restored to their
relations to the Federal Government. The
repeal of the provision becomes necessary in
order to remove an obstruction to the organ-
ization and maintenance of the State militia in
those States as the State militia is maintained
in other States of the Union. A bill of this
kind has, I believe, been already passed by the
Senate; and it seems to me no one can have
any objection to such a measure.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to make an in-
quiry of my colleague, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question to enable my colleague
to make his inquiry.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I observe that the State
of Georgia is omitted from this bill. I desire
to inquire the reason for this omission? It
seems to me that that State is in the same
situation as the others, and ought not to be
excluded from the benefits of this measure.
Mr. PAINE. In response to the inquiry of
my colleague I will state the reason why Geor-
gia is omitted. I am not sure that I should be
in favor finally of excluding Georgia from the
operation of a measure of this kind ; but it will
be remembered that there is now pending be-
fore Congress an inquiry as to the condition of
things in Georgia; and this fact made it ques-
tionable whether we should at this stage of the
session include Georgia in a bill of this kind.
It was deemed best to postpone action with
reference to that State until the questions in
regard to that community shall have been ex-
aminedand reported upon, and then to actupon
the case of Georgia in a separate bill. So far
as 1 am concerned. I rather think I shall in due
time be in favor of including Georgia in a bill
of this kind.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I wish to inquire whether
it is the purpose of the committee making this
report to reconstruct Georgia again, or whether
it is considered as sufficiently reconstructed?
Mr. PAINE. The instructions which I re-
ceived from thecommitteetkis morning did not
embrace that subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope we will have read
the section that it is proposed to repeal.
Mr. B ECK. I simply desire to make a state-
metit.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. BECK. A bill of this character, as I
see by the Globe, passed the Senate yester-
day, and as one of the members of the Recon-
struction Committee I think this hill should
be postponed for the present. The Senate
bill brings up the whole question as to all of
the States, and having already passed the
Senate and now coining to this House, I think
it better this bill should not be acted on, but
that we should wait for the Senate bill.
Mr. PAINE. I will send to the Clerk's
table, to be read, section six, which it is pro-
posed to repeal. In reply to my colleague on
the committee, [Mr. Bkuk,] I will say that it
will be impossible for us to regulate our legis-
lation in the way he suggests. If our bill first
reaches the Senate it may be first acted on,
and if their bill first reaches us it may first be
acted on.
The Cieik read as follows :
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all militia
forces now organized or in servicc in cither of the
8tntes of Virginia. North Carolina, South Carolina,
Oooraiii. Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi,
and Texas be foithwith disbanded, mid that the fur-
ther organization, arming, or calling into service of
the s;i id militia forces, or any part thereof, is hereby
prohibited, under any eircumstanceswhaterer, until
the same shall be authorized by Congress.
Mr. FARNSWOa 1"H. I ask my colleague
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield to my colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will vote for this
bill, but at the same time I do not want to be
put upon the record as agreeing to the doctrine
that Congress may prevent States from organ-
izing militia.
Mr. PAINE. Of course, then, thegentleman
will vote for this bill, which repeals a provision
involving that doctrine. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REVENUE STEAMER S. 1>. CHASE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 887) to authorize the removal of
the revenue steamer S. P. Chase from Lake
Ontario to the sea-board; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
DISTILLED SPIRITS AND TOBACCO.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill (H. R. No. 1555) to amend an
act entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868. It should be passed,
if at all, before the holidays.
There was no objection; and the bill was
received and read a first and second time.
It amends section seventy-eight of the act
indicated by striking out " 1st day of January,"
and inserting "15th day of February."
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question, unless some explanation is required.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and abo
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REDUCTION OF Ol'l'ICJSl'.S.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State, of the Treas-
ury, of the Department of War, of the Navy, of tiio
Interior, the Attorney General, ond the Postmaster
General be, and are hereby, directed to report to this
House, as soon as practicable, what reduction can be
made, compatible with the public interests, in the
number ot officers and employes, salaries and ex-
penses in their respective Departments, or in the
service connected therewith.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, offered the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested to trans-
mit to this liouse the report of the special commis-
sioners to examine into the character of the work on
the Union Pacific railroad, and to inform the House
what attempts, if any, have been made on the part
of said railroad company to obtain money from the
Government for buildinfr said road without havins?
constructed the same in eonlorimty to existing law_;
and also to further inform the House tfie amount ot
bonds issued to said railroad company, and if a sut-
ficient amount has been retained in the hands of the
Government to guaranty its completion as
class road, in further accordance with tne existing
law.
DRAWING FOR PEATS.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a privileged question.
I offer for consideration the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That theClerkof this House shall, at one
o'clock p tn. oil Wednesday, the l^th dxy of Decem-
ber, A. D. 18t>8, place in a box the name of each Mem-
ber and Delegate of the IL'U'-e of Representative?,
written on a piece of paper; that he then proceed in
the presence of the House to draw from said box, one
at a time, the-said slips of paper, and as each is
drawn he shall announccthe nameof the Member or
Delegate upon it. who shall choose his seat for tn©
present session: Provided, That before said drawias
shall commence the Speaker shall cause ea<& Beat to
be vacated, and shall see that every seat continues
vacant until it is selected under this order; and that
every seat* after having been selected, shall lye
deemed vacant if left unoccupied before the calling
of the roll is finished.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules, a& he
has done heretofore, that a resolution for the
drawing of seats at each session is a privileged
question. It is for the House to determine
whether it will or will not draw for seats.
Mr. ROSS. There are twenty five or.thirty
new members who have had no chance to dra#
seats, and it is but justice to them to give the*n
the opportunity, i demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask the gentle-
man 
Mr. ROSS. I object to anything else inter-
vening, because the time will soon expire for
the resolution to go into operation.
The SPEAKER. Does the inquiry of the
gentleman from Massachusetts relate to this
proposition? :
Mr. DAWES. It does not. The Committee
of Elections desire me to report a short bill,
which I presume no one will object, which it
is necessary, if it pass, shall go through before
the recess. That is all.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the previous question,.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
Mr. ROSS. I will modify the resolution by
inserting after "one o'clock v the words uo.r
as soon as this resolution is agreed to." .
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, if the pre-
vious question is not seconded, will it be in
order to move to proceed to a drawing for
seats every Monday morning? [Laughter,] .
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is not seconded it would! be.
Mr. &AVANAUGH. I desire to ask a
question of the Chair. On this question I thiojc
the Delegates from the Territories ought to
have the right to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
according to uniform usage they will not be
entitled to vote, not being Representatives
from States.
The question being put on laying the resolution
on the table, there were—ayes 83, noes 72.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it-was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 84, not voting
45); as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, James
M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Barnum, Beaniiin, Beck.
Benjamin, Bingtiam, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Chanler, Reader W.
Claike, Cobb, Cook, Dawos, Dixon, Donnelly, Eggle-
sion.Eldriilge, Eliot,Farnsworth. Kerry. Getz, Gioss-
brenner. Golladay, Gove, Griswold, Halsey, Iligby,
Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, luger&oll, Jencktsa,
Judd, Ivei ley, Keisoy,Kerr. Keteham,Kuott,Koontz,
George V. Liwrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McKee,
MorrthM-v, Muliins, Myers. Newcomb, O'Neill. Orth,
Paine, Po.rham. Phelps. Plants, Poland. Polsley,
Pruyn, Rautn. Robinson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofieid,
Sitgreaves, Spalding. Stokes, Stone, Tiber, Taffe,
Taylor, Thomsts, Trowbtidge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Van Trump, Welker, Stephen P. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodward—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Axtell, Baker,
Barnes, Bejitty, Benton, Blair, Bowen, Boyden,
Broomall, Buckley, Roderick R.Butler, Cake, Callis,
Churchill. Sidney Clarke, Chit, Coburn, Corley,
Covode, CuUom, Deweese, Dickey, Drigg?. Eckiey,
Ferriss, French, Goss, Gravely, Grover, Haughey,
Hawkins, Heaton, Hili, lloltuttn, Hooper. Hopkins,
Ilotchki^, Hulburd, Hunter, Thomas L. Jon^s.
Julian, Kellogg, Kitchen, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, MeConnick, Merour, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morreli, Mungen, Newsham, Niblack, Norris,
Peters, Pettis, Pike, Pile, Price, Prince, Robertson,
Ross. Shanks, Smith, Stevens, Stewart, Stover,
Sypher, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twichell, Van Wyck, Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
Whittemoro, William Wiliiums, James F. WiiSQQ,
Windora, Woodbridge, and Young—Si.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Banks, Blackburn,Blaine, Bolea, Brooks, Buekland,
Cary, Cornell, Delano, Doekery, Dodge, Edwards,
Ela, Fieids, Fox. Gaifield, Ilaight, Hamilton, Har-
din?, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard I). Hubbard,
Johnson, Alexander IL Jones, L:Ulin,La< h,Lincoln,
Logan, McCullough, Nicholson, Nunn, Pierce. Pom-
eroy, Randall. Roots. Selye, SliHhtbnrger, Stark-
weather, 'lilt, Van Auke-n, Burt Van H<>r*?. Robert
T. Van Horn. Vid.d. C.idwaUder C. Washburn.
EUhu B. Washburue, William B. Washburn, Xiiomas
Williams, and Jofcn T. Wilson—19.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
