1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
able in it. I desire that it shall pass. I only
moved its reference because I thought there
might be some objection.
Mr. SCOF1ELL). If I anderstand the bill
it only authorizes these States to organize mili-
tia the same as the other Slates.
Mr. PAINE. That is all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think it is right. We
had a law which prohibited them from organ-
izing their militia. This simply proposes to
repeal that law.
Mr. ROSS. I think the bill had better go
to a committee.
Mr. PAINE. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The motion to refer the bill was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the thicd time, and
passed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
spain and cuba.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) tendering
sympathy to the people of Spain; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved, That the people of the United
States, sympathizing with the people of Spain in
their effort to establish a more liberal form of gov-
ernment, express the confident hope that it will be
conducted to the end in such way as to promote the
triumph of liberal institutions, and they earnestly
appeal to the people of Spain not to allow the pres-
ent opportunity to pa§s without securing the imme-
diate emancipation of slaves and the final abolition
of sit very throughout the Spanish dominions.
Me it further resolved. That the President of the
United States is chargedwith the duty of communi-
cating this resolution to the Government of Spain.
Mr. BANKS. I am authorized by a unani-
mous vote of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to move a substitute for the resolution
which I hope will be adopted by the unani-
mous vote of the Rouse.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof'* lie following:
That the peop'oof the United Slates sympathize
with the patriotic people of Spain in their efforts to
reestablish the liberties of the Spanish nation.
Resolved, &c.. That the people of the United
States sympathize wi th the people of Cuba in their
efforld to secure political independence, and that
they will welcome to the family of independent na-
tions any Government that guaranties the liberty of
all men and represents the principle of the absolute
sovereignty of the people.
IJe olved further. That the President is hereby
authorized to recognize the independence of Cuba
whenever in his opinion a republican form of gov-
ernment shall have been established.
Mr. BANKS. Of course I do not propose
to detain the House with any remarks at this
late hour of the session. I will, only say that
the unanimous consent of the members of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs has been given
to the substitute which has been read, and I
hope it may be approved by the unanimous
vote of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. If I understand this prop-
osition it is to sympathize with Spain, which
is all very well. Then we profoundly sympa-
thize with Cuba, that is in a state of revolution
against Spain. It strikes me that is a very
absurd contradiction.
Mr. BANKS. I will say that there is no in-
consistency in the resolutions. The first one is
an expression of the sympathy of the people of
the U nited States with the efforts of the Spanish
people to reestablish the liberties of the Spanish
nation. That resolution is based upon the rec-
ognized principle of the absolute sovereignty
ot tlie people. Then we express-the samesym-
pathy for the people of Cuba. The people of
Cuba have the same right to their liberties that
the people of Spain have to theirs, and we ex
press our sympathy with both in their efforts
to obtain iheir liberties.
Mr. BROOKS. If I understand the substi-
tute—I am not sure that I do—we sympatklze
with Spain, who is pouring forth her troops for
the overthrow of Cuban independence, and we
also sympathize profoundly with Cuba. Well,
I think I am in favor of the whole substitute.
Mr. ROSS. Would it not be as well to amend
the substitute by striking out the word " rees-
tablish" and inserting the word "establish?"
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that;
but the resolution now recognizes a former
republican government in Spain.
The amendment of Mr. Ross was then
agreed to.
The substitute,asamended, was then agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous qnestion was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereofthejoint resolution, as amended, was
read thethird time, and passed unanimously.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr, PRUYN. I think the title of this joint
resolution should be amended. It now reads
" a joint resolution tendering sympathy to the
people of Spain."
Mr. ORTH. Amend it by adding: "and
for other purposes." [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend itby adding
the words " and to the people of Cuba."
The amendment was agreed to; and the
title, as amended, was then agreed to.
metropolitan railroad company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 711, relating to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company ; which was taken
up and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides for ex-
tending the time for five years for the comple-
tion of the line of street railway of the Metro-
politan Railroad Company.
Mr. KOONTZ. This bill merely provides
for the completion of the line of the Metro-
politan Railroad Company. I ask that it be
now put upon its passage ; and on that I call
the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to have this
bill referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order if the previous question shall not be
seconded.
Mr. KOONTZ. If this bill is now referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia
it will be lost.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it is passed it will
gridiron this whole city with street railways.
Mr. KOONTZ. I insist upon the previens
question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 34, noes 78.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. KOONTZ called for tellers.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were seventeen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was accordingly not
seconded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fees of recorder of deeds, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 712, to define the fees of
recorder of deeds and to provide for the ap-
pointment of warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes ; which
was taken up and read a first and second time.
The question was upon the third reading of
the bill.
Mr. WELKER. I hope this bill will be now
passed ; and I call the previous question on its
passage.
Mx-. POLAND. I hope it will be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WELKER. This bill authorizes the
appointment of the warden of the jail by the
supreme court of the Districtof Columbia. It
also regulates the fees of the recorder of deeds
for the District of Columbia. I am informed
by the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia of the Senate that it does
not increase the compensation of that officer,
bat merely reduces to dollars and cents the
fees of the recorder of deeds, which are now
computed in pounds of tobacco under the old
rule establishing the fees. That is the sub-
stance of the bill. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] if he desires
to make any remarks on this bill.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, my objection
to this bill is that it vests the power of polit-
ical appointment in a court, a thing which
ought never to be done. The other ('ay a gen-
tleman made application to me to aid in the
passage of this bill, because ho said he had
already secured the appointment if this bill
should be passed. Although I have a very
good opinion of courts and judges 1 think they
never should have any power of political ap-
pointment. The business of courts is to try
! cases. They never should have any opportu-
! nity to reward friends or punish enemies by
I the distribution of patronage.
Mr. WELKER. The gentleman who made
the application to my friend from Vermont
[Mr. Poland] must have been, I think, a rather
"green" politician. I believe that in vesting
this power of appointment in the supreme
court of the District we place it just where it
ought to be. The warden of the jail is the
executive officer of that court. The Supreme
Court of the United States appoints its own
marshal: and it is right that the supreme court
of the-District should have the control of this
warden.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] whether his
only objection to this bill is that under it the
supreme court of the District of Columbia will
appoint the warden of the jail ?
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to the
other sections of the bill; but I do object to
this provision, and I object to it upon prin-
ciple.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I guess that provision is
not very mischievous.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to know whether this
bill is intended to take away patronage from
General Grant? [Laughter.]
Mr. WELKER. Of course it takes from the
President the appointing power with respect
to this officer and plase.s it in the court whose
officer the warden is. I think this a proper
provision.
Mr. ROSS. I think we had better stand by
the incoming President. [Laughter.]
Mr.WELKER. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tbe
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Poland, to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, there were—ayes 65, noes 63.
Mr. WELKER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Welker and
Mr. Poland were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 58, noes 66.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, there were—ayes eighty-seven, noes
not counted.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
