116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
Mr. SCOBTELD. I move to reconsider the
vote b}' which the resolution was laid on the
table, and to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I detnand the yeas
and nays on the latter motion.
Mr. SOOFIELD. I withdraw the motion.
tj5stbioxy in contested elections.
Mr. DAWES. I desire the permission of
the House to report from the Committee of
Elections a short bill, to which I presume
there will be no objection. It is desirable, if
it passes at all, that it should pass before the
recess, in order that the benefits of it may be
had by those who desire it to be passed. It is
a bill to amend an act entitled " Ah act to
prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence in
eases of contested elections," approved Feb-
ruary 19, 18-51.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to authorize the register in bankruptcy
resident, in any congressional district, the right
to represent which is contested, to take testi-
mony and perform any of the other acts which
a judge of any court of the United States is
authorized to do by the third section of an act
entitled " An act to prescribe the mode of ob-
taining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions."
Mr. WOOD. I object tothat, mostdeeidedly.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will listen
to me, 1 will state to him the occasion for the
passage of the bill, and I think he will have no
objectiou.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will permit me to make but one re-
mark in opposition to this measure, I am
satisfied that he himself will see its impolicy
and impropriety.
Mr. DA iVliS. I will listen to the gentle-
man.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Now
York [Mr. Wood] reserves the right to object.
Mr. WOOD. The proposition, as 1 under-
stand it, is to place in the hands of these regis-
ters the same powers as are now exercised by
judges under the existing law.
Mr. DAWES. That is not. the intention of
it. The intention is to add the register to the
number of officers prescribed. I will tell the
gentleman the difficulty that, has existed here-
totoui in such places, for instance, as the city
of New \ ork, where there are half a dozen
districts in the city. The law requires the
officer to reside in the district. Well, the judge
of the United States court for the whole city ma}'
not reside ill the district. It is not the inten-
tion of (he bill to take away from the officers
now prescribed by law any authority which they
now have, but only to add to them the register
of bankruptcy.
Mr. WOOD. The objection in my mind to
this proposition is that it places this whole
power in the hands of members of one politi-
cal party. I believe that all the officers in the
United btates to whom it is proposed to give
this power belong to one political party, and I
think that is a. fatal objection to the proposition.
Mr. DAWKS. Whether these registers bo
all of one polical party or not I am not advised ;
but this lull does not propose to compel either
side to go before this legister. One side, for
instancy, might go betore the register and the
other side go before any one of the other per-
sons named in the act, as they could do as the
law stands now. But there have been contests
in districts where it has been impossible to find
the particular officer named in the act resident
in the district, and the parties have had to
come to Congress to get special authority for
some individual to take the testimony.
Now. wlme the Committee of Elections do
not desire to force the parries before the regis-
ter of insolvency or to compel them to take
their testimony before one particular individ-
ual—and they have drawn the act on purpose
to avoid that—they desire to afford facilities to
them all by adding the register of insolvency
to the list of officers before whom the testimony
may be taken. lie is authorized by law to
administer oaths, and is an officer supposed by
the committee to be particularly suitable to
take the testimony. lie will not, of course, be
resorted to unless it is more convenient to take
testimony before him than before one of these
judges, and nobody can be compelled to take
testimony before him when there are any other
of the officers resident in the district. That is
the purport of it.
Mr. WOOD. Another objection which strikes
me to this measure is that these officers are
temporary officers, appointed under the exist-
ing bankrupt law, and at the expiration of the
operation of that law these officers will neces-
sarily go out of existence as such.
Mr. DAWES. The answer to that is two-
fold ; the bankrupt law is a standing law as
much as any other law, and if it should expire
or be repealed it would leave this statute pre-
cisely as it is to day, so that it would embar-
rass nobody.
Mr. WOOD. Every bankrupt law that this
Government has ever enacted has been but a
temporary measure for temporary purposes,
and in every instance—-and we have had several
of them—they have ceased after an operation
of two or three years.
Mr. DAWES. If that should be the fate of
this law it would cause no embarrassment, for
every contestantwould have precisely the same
privileges and rights that he has now if that
law should be repealed and the registers be-
come extinct.
Mr. WOOD. I must object to the introduc-
tion and consideration of this bill at, this time.
At a subsequent period, Mr. Wood withdrew
his objection.
The bill (II. R. No. 1338) was then intro-
duced, and read a first, and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. McKEE. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes J yield to allow me to
amend the bill by inserting the words ''nota-
ries public?''
Mr. DAWES. The committee had under
consideration the question whether this power
should be extended to notaries public, and they
thought that every facility would be furnished
by adding the registers, in bankruptcy to those
now named in the law, and we weie not desir-
ous to give that authority to everybody. There-
fore, as representing the committee, I should
not be wilting to have the amendment offered
which has been suggested by the gentleman.
Mr. McKEE. Will the gentleman allow me
to offer the amendment in order that it maybe
voted upon by the House? The gentleman is
aware that in the Kentucky contested-election
cases we were obliged to go some hundreds of
miles before we could get our testimony taken.
Unless this amendment, is made, there will be
a necessity perhaps of taking a register in
bankruptcy, and compelling him to travel in
some cases a distance of two hundred miles.
Mr. DAWES. Nobody is confined, under
this bill, to the register in bankruptcy in any
district. Besides that officer he will have half
a dozen other officers upon whom to call for
that service. If notaries public are included
in the bill it will add hun-dreds of officers to
those now covered by the bill. In many dis-
tricts there are a hundred notaries public; I
venture to say that in New York city alone
there are a thousand of them. The commit-
tee are unwilling to extend the list of officers
so far, for there would be danger that in some
instances this matter would be brought before
improper officers. If in practice it should be
found necessary to extend the list of officers it
can then be done. But I am not willing to
have it extended in the direction proposed. I
therefore decline to yield for that purpose,
and call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
constancy batkman and others.
Mr. KELSEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. K. No. 1-337) for the relief
of Constance Bateman, Augustine de Caiudry,
and Julia L. Wamaling ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
slate-holding in kentucky.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration at this time the
following preamble and resolution :
Whereas it is alleged, 011 good authority, that
thousands of colored people in the State of Kentucky
arc now actually held as slaves by theirtoriner own-
ers ; and whereas many of these persons are chil-
dren, ignorant of their rights and unable to defend
thorn, and many others are too poor to employ coun-
sel and meet the expenses of litigating their rights
m the Federal courts, and hundreds of miles distant:
Therefore,
lieaolvcd, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by 1 ;i w for the appointment by competent authority
of United States commissioners in convenient and
suitable localities, with power to issue writs of ha-
beas corpus, and to hear and determine applications
and causes involving such illegal slave-hoiding, and
that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. BECK. I also object; for the reason
that the statements therein made are incoirect.
certified checks national banks.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reporting to this House, at as early a day as
practicable, a bill prohibiting under a severe penalty
any national bank from certifying any check mil pes
the maker of such cheek has on deposit and subject
to draft in such bank at the time of such ceititying
the funds necessary to meet the same.
minnesota land district.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. K. No. SS8)
explanatory of the act to create an additional
land office in the State of Minnesota, approved
July 25,_ 1868; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the limits of the land district, as
designated in the act entitled '1 An act to create
an additional land district in the State of Min-
nesota," approved July 25, 1868, to wit: all
that part of the northwestern land district which
lies north of township No. 124 north, and west
of range No. 85 west of the fifth principal
meridian, shall be construed to embrace all
the land north of township No. 124 and west
of said range No. 35.
Mr. DONNELLY'. Mr. Speaker, I think
that after a brief explanation there will be no
objection to the passage of this bill.
At the last session Congress passed a bill
creating a new land district in the State of
Minnesota. That bill, which was prepared by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
was passed in the form prepared by him. The
language of it was as follows :
ai. fHd to establish an additional land district in the
btateot Minnesota,_ embracing all that pari, of the
northwestern land district which lies north of town-
ship No, 121 north."
It appears that the old northwestern laud
district did not extend down to the line of
township No. 124 north, but only to township
No. 128, so that there was an inconsistency or
an ambiguity in the language of the bill in
defining the boundaries of the district; in con-
sequence of which the bill passed at the last
session has not gone into effect. The land
office has been established; the officers ap-
pointed and commissioned by the President,
and confirmed by the Senate; but in conse-
quence of the ambiguity I have mentioned the
work cannot be proceeded with. The result is
