14368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
to each honorably discharged soldier the fall
benefit of the homestead, law by-one year's
actual residence upon the land which he may
claim under the provisions of -th© homestead
act; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
' He alsopresenteid a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Jwisag", in favor of a tri-weekly mail
on the route from Manhattan to Lake Sibley,
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and! Post Roads, aad
ordered to be printed.
He alsOpTesented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the establishment
of a mail route from Carthage, Missouri, to
Jacksonville, Kansas; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of an appropriation
for the payment of the claims of citizens of
that State for depredations committed by the
Indians; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented petitions from citizens of
the States of Ohio, Pennsylvania, and "Wis-
consin, praying that women be granted the right
of suffrage ; which-were ordered to lie on the
table.
'i¥r" I have received also an
address in the nature of a memorial from the
Equal Suffrage Association, of the city of Wash-
ington, which was adapted at their late con-
vention in this city. It is a very elaborate and
long address, relating to the question of suf-
frage, and particularly in reference to the ques-
tion in this District and in the Territories. I
move that this address in the form of a memo-
rial be referred_ to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of'Columbia; and I hope it will haye their
attention, and that if they find its contents as
I- think they are they will recommend that it
be printed. Commending it, therefore, to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, I sub-
mit it to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. CONKLING. I present resolutions of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, with a preamble, earnestly recommend-
ing the passage of a bill pending in this body
prohibiting secret sales of gold and bonds. As
the bill referred to has been reported from the
Committee on Finance, I move that these res-
olutions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I present a petition which has
been handed to me by a citizen of the United
States, General Duff Green, upon the financial
questions of the day. I havelooked it through,
and I think, although I may not approve of it
in all its parts, that it is one of the ablest doc-
uments on financial questions that I ever read.
I think it will be instructive to the Senate and
the people of the United States. I move, there-
fore, that the petition be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. Let that motion go to the
committee.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to print will be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. DIXON. Cannot the motion be put
now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be
done by unanimous consent of the Senate, but
it any Senator objects to it the motion to print
must go the Committee on Printing, under the
rules.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
NEWPORT AND CINCINNATI BRIDGE.
Mr. RAMS-EY. The Committee on Post
ffices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 219) giving the
assent of the United States to the construction
of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge, have
directed me to report the bill with an amend-
ment, ana recommend its passage.; .
Mr. SHERMAN. That is purely a local
matter in regard to a bridge across the Ohio
river, and all the parties who have been con-
testing it heretofore have agreed upon a four
hundred feet span. I hope, therefore, the
Senate will take up the bill and pass it in order
to enable the work to go on at once. There
is no further controversy about it. It fixes the
span of the Covington bridge, at four hundred
feet. I hope, therefore, it will be considered
at once. It is very short.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proposes to give
the consent of Congress to the erection of a
bridge over the Ohio river from the city of
Cincinnati, Ohio, to the city of Newport, Ken-
tacky, by the Newport and Cincinnati Bridge
Company, a corporation chartered and organ-
ized under the laws of each of the States of
Kentucky and Ohio. The bridge is to be built
with an unbroken or continuous span of not
less than four hundred feet in the clear, from
pier to pier, over the main channel of the river,
and to be built in all other respects in accord-
ance with the conditions and limitations of an
act entitled "An act to establish certain post
roads," approved July 14, 1862. The bridge,
when completed in the manner specified, is to
be deemed and taken to be a legal structure,
and to be a post road for the transmission of
the mails of the United States; but Congress
reserves the right to withdraw the assent hereby
given in case the free navigation of the river
shall at any time be substantially aud ma-
terially obstructed by any bridge to be erected
under the authority of the resolution.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution, with an
amendment to add the following words :
Or direct the necessary modifications and altera-
tions of said bridge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 803) for the relief of the pres-
ident and directors of the Terre Haute and
Richmond Company, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 789) making an appropriation and author-
izing the purchase of additional ground for the
Nashville custom-house, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. Ii. No. 1864) for the
repeal of tonnage duties on Spanish vessels,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 875) to repeal
an act approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An
act to regulate the disposition of fines, penal-
ties and forfeitures received under the laws
relating to the customs, and for other pur-
poses," and to amend certain acts for the pre-
vention and punishment of frauds on the rev-
enue and for the prevention of smuggling,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1804) to establish a bridge across the
East river between the cities of Brooklyn and
New York, in the State of New York, a post
road, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BERRY. 'Ihe Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the petition of George
Fowler, and the bill (S. No.~891) for the relief
of George Fowler and the estate of De Grasse
Fowler, deceased, or their assigns, report
them back, with a recommendation that the bill
The bill will create no debate, and it is
necessary to accomplish the object of the bill
that it should immediately pass, so that it may
get through at the present session. I therefore
ask for its present consideration; it will take
but a moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. Does any Senator obiect?
Mr. WILSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be considered
at this time.
•Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 920) to carry
into effect the decree of the district court of
the United States for the district of Louisiana
in the ease of the British schooner Flying Scud
and her cargo ; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of S. R. Franklin, commodore United States
Navy, praying to be restored to his original
position on the_ Navy Register, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to; and he submitted a written re-
port thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Abraham D.
Harrell, a captain in the Navy on the retired
list, praying to be restored to his position on
the active list, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to ;
and he submitted a written report thereon,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 425) for the relief of Mary A. Filler, have
directed me to report it back with an amend-
ment, and recommend its passage ; and I ask
for its present consideration, as it will take but
a moment.
Mr. FERRY. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it will lie over.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred a reso-
lution directing them to inquire into the prac-
ticability of legislation to prevent the discharge
of persons convicted of crime from imprison-
ment by the decision of the United States dis-
trict judge of Virginia, have directed me to
report it back and to ask to be discharged from
its further consideration on the ground that the
committee do not think it proper to interfere
by legislation with the special adjudications
of courts.
The committee were discharged.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1666, to repeal an act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Iowa to give way for a moment until I can call
up a little bill to provide for the execution of
judgments in capital cases. There is a person
under sentence ©f death in a case that is coming
up on a writ of error to the Supreme Court,
and it is questionable what will become of him
after the time appointed for his execution ar-
rives. There is some doubt on the part of the
court. It will take but a moment to pass the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the day appointed
for the execution 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not remember the
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Iowa withdraw his motion ">
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to take up
Senate bill No. 753, to provide for the execution
of judgments in capital cases.
Mr. HOWE. I want to make a couple of .
reports.
Mr. IRUMBULL. This bill will take but
a moment; but I suppose the Senator can
m Tif oSDli5')0r,;s ^ *nsists uPOn it.
Ihe PRESIDENT pi~o tempore. Objection
being made to the considerate n of the bill, it
cannot now be taken ap 
