1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
The previous question was then seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was-agreed to.
indictments in tiib rebel states.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 544) relating to the time
for finding indictments in the courts of the
United States in the late rebel States; which
was read a first and- second time.
The bill provides that the time for finding
indictments in the courts of the United States
in the late rebel States for offenses cognizable
by said courts and which may have been com-
mitted since said States went into rebellion
should be extended for the period of two years
from and after said States are or may be re-
stored to representation in Congress, provided
that this provision shall not apply to treason
or other political offenses.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that that bill be
put on its passage.
Mr. KEB.fl. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether this bill has been considered
by the appropriate committee in this House;
and if not, I ask him to explain it?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman
that the bill passed the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate, as I am informed, unanimously,
and I understand that a majority of the Judi-
ciary Committee of this House have examined
it and are satisfied with it. I beg leave far-
ther to say to the gentleman that the principle
involved in the bill is sustained by every writer
upon law accepted as authority in America and
sustained by the precedents, so far as I know,
of every State in this Union. Those who have
noticed the reading of the bill will have dis-
covered that it excepts from its operation trea-
son and other political offenses. The result is
that the bill simply extends in the States lately
in insurrection, where the laws were silent and
the courts closed, the time heretofore limited
by law for the presentation of indictments for
offenses-against person and property. It is
the exercise of legislative power simply over
the law of the forum, and on that question
there is not a division of opinion among the
jurists of America. When your courts were
not open indictments were impossible. The
ledrned gentleman knows right well that the
sanctions of the criminal law are at last the
highest security known to the law for person
and property. If these persons afe not liable
to indictment by reason of the courts being
closed on account of insurrection, the result
is that they snap their fingers in the face of
the men they have outraged and wronged. To
refuse to pass the bill, in sliort, in my judg-
ment, would be to refuse to do justice to the
people and so to give colorable license to
crime. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed,
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also,
moved that-the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
regent-of the smithsonian institution. *
The next business on the Speakers table was
a joint resolution (S.-R. No. 200)' reappointing
Louis Agassi?. a regent of the Smithsonian In-
stitution ; which was readafirstandsecond time.
. Mr. GARFIELD. Imovethepreviousques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution. '
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint- resolution was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. • 4
Mr. GARFIELD moved"to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lincoln monument.
. The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 203) donating
cannon for a monument to the memory of the
late President Lincoln.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask that that resolution
be laid aside, as the House has already passed
a similar resolution.
The joint resolution was passed over in-
formally.
military road in oregon.
The, next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 679, to amend an act en-
titled "An act granting lands to (he 'State of
Oregtm to aid in the construction of a military
road from Eugene City to the eastern bound-
ary of said State;" which was taken up and
read a first and second time.
The question was on the third reading of
the bill.
The preamble of the bill states that an act
was passed July 2, 1864, granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of
a military road from Eugene City to the east-
ern boundary of the State, and that the time
designated for the completion of the road ex-
pires on the 2d of July, 1860.
' The bill provides for extending the time for
the completion of the road to July 2, 1872.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that this bill be
now put on its passage.
Mr. JULIAN. t Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment to the bill?
Mr. MALLORY. I will hear the amend-
ment read.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to move to amend
the bill by adding to it the follbwing:
Provided, That the grant of lands hereby renewed
and continued shall be upon the condition tbafc the
lands shall bfc sold to actual settlers only, in quanti-
ties not greater than a quarter section, ana for a
price not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
Mr. MALLORY. While I do not object to
the principle contained in that amendment I
am very well aware that to adopt it at this stage
of. the session would endanger the passage of
this bill.
I desire to state, so that the House,may un-
derstand, the circumstances under which this
legislation is asked. In July, 1864, a bill was
passed through Congress giving to the State
of Oregon six sections of land to the mile for
the construction of a military wagon-road from
Eugene City to the eastern boundary of the
State of Oregon. The provisions of the bill
required that the "road should be completed
within five years from the passage of the act.
The citizens in that vicinity donated money
for the purpose of constructing the road_ in
order to enable them to open communication
with the gold and silver mining regions of
Idaho, so that they might have the benefit of
that country as a market for their productions.
The work was continued until the road was
completed to the summit of the Cascade range
of mountains and to the plains on the east side
of that range; at a cost of something over two
hundred thousand dollars in gold, which was
paid by the people for that purpose.
On arriving at that point they found them-
selves in the vicinity of the Indian troubles,
where General Crook was then engaged in
operating against the Indians. The hostile
character of the Indians prevented them from
proceeding further with their work. But for
the presence of the hostile Indians in that
vicinity at that time this- legislation would not
now be asked. The only reason why the road
has not been completed to the eastern bou ndary
of the State of Oregon within the time limited
by the original act is the fact that the hostile
Indian's precluded the company from proceed-
ing with their work.
The time limited by the act will expire on
the 2d of July next; and unless this bill pass
at this session of Congress these lands, by the
condition of the grant, will lapse to the United
States, and the people of that region instead of
having a road completed through to the east-
ern boundary of the State will simply have a
road terminating at the top of the Cascade
range of mountains, which will be of no value
whatever to the people there, and the expense
of constructing which will be an almost total
loss to those who have invested their money in
the construction of this road.
The House will understand that this bill
does not propose to make an original grant of
land for this purpose. The grant has already
been made; and all that is now asked is
simply a little further extension of time for the
completion of the road, ft seems to' me that
there can be no objection to this bill. Any
limitations upon the grant incorporated into
this bill at this time will have bo other effect
than to defeat the bill, and a-defeat of this bill
now is to deprive the people who have gone to
work in good faith and expended their money
in the construction of this road of the advantage
of this grant, which will then revert to the Uni-
ted States. I think this bill ought to pass with-
outamendment. ' The only reason why I object
to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] is that I believe the
adoption of it, requiring the bill to be sent back
to the Senate at this late stage of the session,
will in all probability defeat it. .
M"r. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the amendment
which has been read by the Clerk is a provision
which ought to be applied to every future grant
of land and to every dead grant that seeks a
revival at our hands. If the gentleman from
Oregon will not permit that amendment to be
offered and voted upon I hope the House will
refuse to second the previous question and will
allow me to submit a motion to refer the bill to
the appropriate committee. The adoption of
the amendment will not defeat the passage of
the bill, for the Senate, like the House, has re-
peatedly approved- of the very condition pre-
scribed in the amendment, and it will take but
a moment for that body to concur in it if it be
attached to this bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingbbsoxj.,]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire the gentleman
from Oregon [Mr. Mallory] to inform the
House whether this bill proposes any enlarge-
ment of the original grantor simply its.revival.
Mr. MALLORY. It is simply a proposition
to extend the time for the completion of the
road. I have already stated emphatically to the
House that this legislation is asked for now not
by reason of any fault or neglect on the part
of the company, but, because the presence of
hostile Indians prevented the company from
going on with the work. If upoa this state-
ment the House is not willing to extend the
grant, then the bill must be voted down-
Mr. RAUM. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a question ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAUM. I wish to ask whether the road,
so far as it has been constructed, has been con-
structed by a company and is now a toll-road ?
Mr. MALLORY. It is a toll-road for all
purposes except for the use ofthe United States.
Under a provision of the bill making the grant
the company has no right whatever to charge
the United States Government for any use the
latter may make of the road, not even for the
transportation of troops or the carrying of the
mails.
I now insist upon the demand for the pre-
vious question. _ . ,
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 69, noes 43.
Mr. JULIAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the -previous question was seconded.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
- On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 28, noes '99.
Mr. JULIAN. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Julian and
Mr. hallory were appointed.
