118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
head, Nicholson, Nunn, Paine, Pierce. Pomeroy,
Robertson, Hoots, Shellnbnrger, Spaldinsr, Stevens,
Thomas, Van Aukcn, llobert T. Van Horn, Cad- -
vralader 0. Washburn, Ilenry D. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, and Wimlom—70.
So the resolution was agreed to.
ilr. JONES, of Kentucky, moved to recon- 1
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to 1
reconsider he laid on the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. :
UNIVERSITY FOR THIS BLIND. i
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 15C3) to incor-
porate the University for the Blind in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
REGISTRY LAW IN TIIE TKIUIITOUIES.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, of-
fered thefollowing resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of enacting
a congrcssion.il registry law tor the Territories of
the United States, and that said committee repoil j
by bill or otherwise. I
DRAWING If OR SKATS AGAIN. j
Mr. VAN AEUNAM. I move to recon- !
sider the vote by which the House laid on the |
table the resolution in relatiou to drawing for ;
scats. I
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote j
in the atlirmative ? '
Mr. VAN AEHNAM. I did. j
Mr. BENJAMIN moved that the motion to j
reconsider he laid on the tabic. '
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the yeas i
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays OS, not voting
; as follows :
YEAS— Messrs. Adaras, Ames, Archer, James M.
Ashley, J3aiio>, Baldwin, Beanian. Beck, Benjamin,
Bingham, Boutwoll. Boyor, Burr, Cobb, Dawes,
Dixon, Donnelly, E^leston, Kldiidge, Vliiot, Farna-
worth. Ferry. Get/,, lilos^brouner, Goliaday, Gna-
woltK Ualaey, ILigbj, Chester D. Hubbdrd, Humphrey,
Jonckea, Johnson. Judd, Kellev. Kolsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knott, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Liwrcnce, Loan, Lmulmdge, Mallory, Mar-
shall, Marvin, MeKee, Moriissey, Mullins, Myeis,
Newtotub, O'Neill, Oith, Paiuo, l'erham, Pnelns,
Plants, Poland, PoMey, Piuyn, Randall. Rauin,
Robinson. Sawyer, Sehenck, Seoheld. Spalding,
Stoker, Stone, Tuber. T.iffe, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Tr map, William B. Washburn, Wclkcr,
Stephen l'. Wilbon, Wood, and Woodward— 80.
NA\S—Mc^rs. Allison, Arnell, Baker. Barnes
Be.itty, Benton, Bl.iii, Bo>den. Biomweil. Broomall,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Ouihs, Cary, Chanler,
Churclnll, Sulncv Clarke, Clifi, Corlev, Covodc Cul-
lom, Deweese, Dickey, Dnggs, Eekley. Kdwards,
hla, l*eruM, French, Go*-*, (Jove, Grover, llaughey
Hawkins, Heal on. Hill, liulman, Hooper, Hopkins'
Hotehk^s, llicbaid J>. Hubbard, IJulburd, Hunter
Alexandei 11.,Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian Kel-
io~g kttehen. Lincoln. Lynch, Mayn-rd, McCarthy.
Mctornuek, Meteur, Millar, Moore, Moorhcad,Mor-
rell. iMungen, Newsham, Norris, Peters, Pettis, Pike,
Pile, Price, I'nnec. Robertson, Ross, Selye, Shanks,
hitgrcaves, Sinif h, Stevens. Stewait, Stover. Sypher,
Idt, John irimblo, LuvrenccS. Trimble, Twichell,
\au Aeruam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck. Vidal,
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Whittemore, Wiiliam
Williams, :James h Wilson, John T. Wilson, Win-
dom, and l oung—93.
NOT VOi'ING-ilcffrs.Andorsuii, Delos R. Ash-
U'y; A.*to11, Unnk*. Jiarnmn, Blackburn, Bliiinc,
Holes, Wen, Jirooks, ISuckland, Buckley, Benjamin
1 13tiller, Reader .Clarke, Coburn, Uook, Cornell,
Delano, D-ekcry, fJodso, fields, Fox. Garfield,
(.nively lLnglit, Haini ton, liardine. Asuhcl W.
IXuhbard Insorsoll, Laflni, Lash. Lo?an, McCnl-
lough, iNibiack, Nichoi<on, Nunn, Pierce, Pomcrov
Roots, ^heliabartce'-. Starkweather, Thorns, Van
Aukcn. Robert 1. ^ an Horn, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Lhhu B. W ashburne, Thomas Williams, and
Woodbridge~48. '
So the House refused to lay the motion to
recoiibider on the table.
The question recurred upon the motion to j
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was laid on the table.
Mr. KhLSIA. Is it in order to move to !
refer the resolution ? j
The SPEAK10H. It is not. !
Mr. RANDALL. Is it in order to move '
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as there has as
yet been no morning hour.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and j
nays on the motion to reconsider. ;
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House j
do now adjourn. !
ORDEli 01' BUSINESS. j
The SPEAKER. Before stating the qnes- j
tion on the motion to adjourn, the Chair desires j
the indulgence of the House for a moment.
The Chair is informed by the delegation from j
Pennsylvania that to-morrow, as soon as the
Journal is read, the successor of the late mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, Mr. Stevens, will an-
nounce his death, and will be followed by other
gentlemen. The Chair is informed of the de-
sire of eighteen gentlemen to speak to morrow,
and the entire day will, therefore, be consumed !
in all probability.
On Friday, at half past one o'clock, or as
soon thereafter as convenient, the same dele-
gation intend, through the successor of the late
member from Pennsylvania, Mr. Finney, to i
announce his death.
message prom the senate.
A message fiotn the Senate, by Mr. IIamlix,
one of its clerks, informed the lltmse that the
Senate had passed hills of the following titles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
A bill (S. No. G12) relating to the proof of
wills in the District, of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. GG5) respecting the organiza-
tion of militia in the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana,
and Arkansas ; and
A bill (S. No. 6'Jo) for the temporary relief
of poor and destitute people in the District of
Columbia.
'lhe message further announced that the
Senate had passed the joint resolution (II. II.
No. 375) donating condemned cannon for the
erection of a monument to Major General
Kearny.
ALLEGED ELECTION FRAUDS.
The SPEAKER. The gentlem an from Illi-
nois [Mr. Marshall] and the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Hubbard] ask to be excused
from service on the committee to investigate
alleged election frauds in New York. If there
is no objection they will be excused. The
Chair hears no objection ; and the Chair ap-
points in their places Mr. Kerr, of Indiana,
and Mr. Phelps, of Maryland.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask to be excused from
service on that committee, on account of urgent
business which would prevent my attending.
There was no objection ; and Mr. Phelps
was excused.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mr.
Ross, ot Illinois, a member of the committee.
NICKEL-COPPJSR COINS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary ot the Treasury, transmitting a copy
of a bill for the coinage of nickel-copper pieces
of fire cents and under, for the consideration
oCongress ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Sit-
greaves from December 17 to January 8.
COMMISSIONER TO SPAIN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, together with a report
from the Secretary of State; which were read,
as follows:
To the Uause of Representatives .*
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the ltth of Decern her instant, I transmit
the accompany,ng report of the Suc-etarv of State
n i ANDREW JOHNSON. "
Washington, December 15,186S.
Department of State,
"Washington, Deeember lo, 18GS.
To the President:
Tho Secretary oi State, to whom was referred a
resolution of the Ilouseot Ee|iresi*utatives passed on
the ot December in-taut, in lhe words lot lowmj? :
" That the Secret.n*y of Sr.,ite be dtreced
to iitlorm this uouse whether iiny coin'oissioner has
recently been sent as arepresentative of ibis country
to Spam, and if so Lir what purpose and by what
authority, the nameofsaidcominissioner, the amount
of compensation to be allowed him, and out of what
fund paid, and also a copy of any insiruetiona given
to paid commissioner,"
Has the honor to submit to the Preside^ of tho
United States the following report:
No commissioner has recently been sent to Spain
by the Executive of the United States.
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the message
with the accompanying paper be referred to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne]
who oS'ered the resolution calling for this
information.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
to refer the message to any particular member.
It can be referred to a committee.
Mr. HANDALL. Then I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
of which the gentleman is chairman.
The motion was agreed to.
WELLS, FAtiUO AND COMPANY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House the response of the Post-
master General lo the resolution of the House
in regard to the contract with Wells, Fargo &
Co. ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
E. W. CRANDALL.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the fites of the House
papers filed in the Thirty-Eighth Congress in
support of the claim of E. W. Crandall, for
the purpose of using the same as evidence on
the trial of a cause m the circuit court of the
United States at Chicago.
drawing OF SEATS.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
that the House now adjourn. The Chair will
state that if that motion shall prevail the
pending subject, in relation to the drawing of
seats, will come up on Friday after tne read-
ing of the Journal, to-morrow having been
assigned for another purpose. *
Mr. KELSEY. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 5'J, nays 112, not voting
50: as follows :
Eldridge, jjuhh, vioiz., uio^oniiiner, uonaciay, ti.u-
sey, Hopkins,Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Judd,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr. Ketchuni, Kuott. Koontz,
GeorgeV.Lawrence, William Lawrence,Loiitfuiidge,
Mallory. Marshall. Marvin. Muihus, NiOiack. Ouh,
Paine, Phelps, Pile, Plnnts Poland, Poisley, Pruyn,
Randall, Ilobinson, S.iwyer, Seotield, Spalding,
Stokes, Stone, Tabcr, Tatfo, Taylor, Upson, Van
Trump, Welker, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodward—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Awes, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, .Baldwin. Barnes, Beauian, Beatty
Benton, Blair, Boyden, Brumwell, Broomall, Ilod-
eriek 11. Lutler, 0ake,0aliis, Cary, Oiianler, Cliuioli-
llI, Sidney Clarke, Cult, Coburn, Cori. y, Covodr Cul-
lom, Delano. JDeweese, Dickey, Donnelly, Drisgs,
E.-kley, Ldwards, Eggleston, Ela, tfarnswortli, Fei-
riss, rcrry, French. Gravely, Griswold, tirowr,
Haughey, Hawkins, Il^aton, iligby. Hill, Holman,
Hooper, lloiohkiss, ilulburd, Hnntor, Ingeraoil,
Jcnckes. Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Tnomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kitchen, Lincoln, Loan,
Lynch. Maynanl, McCarthy, McCormick, McKce,
Mercur, Miller, Moore^Morrell, Muugon, .Ncwcomb,
Newsham, Isorns, O'Neill, Perham, Peteis, Pettis,
X ike, Price, Prince, Itobertson, Ross. Sehenck, Sclyc,
thanks, fcitgreaves, {Smiths Starkweather, Stevens,
otewart. Stover, Sypher, Titt, John Trimble, Law-
rence S. irimble, Twicht 11. Van Aern;im, Burt Van
^ ilii W\ck, Vidal, Ward, Henry I). Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Whittemore, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John X. Wilson, Window,
vVoodbrid2:e, and Young—112.
NOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Bclos
it. Ashley, Banks,Barnum.Bl ickburn, Blaine, Boles,
nowen, Boyer. Bueklaud. Buckley, Benj anin F. But-
ler. Reader W. Clarke, Cornell. Dawes. Dixon.Dock-
ery,Dodge, Fields, Fox, Garfield, Goss, Gove, llaight.
Hamilton, Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D.
Hubbard, Latlin, Lash, Logan, MeCullough Moor-
head, Moirissey. Myers. Nicholson, Nunn, Pierce,
Pomeroy, Raum, Rtfots, Shellabargor, Thomas, Trow-
