1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 81, noes 91.
So (one fifth voting in favor thereof) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 98, not voting
89 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Baker, Banks
Beatty, Benton, Boutwell, Broomall, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Churchill. Cobb, Cook, Dawes, Dickey,
Dockery, Eia, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Haight, Iloi-
man. Julian, Kelsey. William Lawrence, McCarthy,
McKee, Newsham, Randall, Scofield. Shanks, Shei-
labarser. Sitgreaves, Stevens, and Taylor—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Delos It. Ashley, Axtell,
Barnes. Barnum, Beck, Blair, Boydcn, Buckland,
Buckley, Gary, Chanler, Coburn, Corley, Covode. Cul-
lora. Deweese, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,Eckley. Thomas
D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Ferriss, Ferry, Glossbren-
ner, Golladay, Goss, Gove, Grover, Haughcy, Haw-
kins, Heaton.Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hoteh-
kiss.Chester D.Hubbard, Ingersoll.Jenckes, Johnson,
Alexander H. J ones,Thomas L. J ones. J udd, Kellogg,
Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lash, George V. Lawrencc, Lin-
coln, Logan, Mallory, Marshall. Maynard, McCor-
mick, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Mungen, Myers. Newcomb,Nicholson.Norris.O'Neill,
Ortli, Phelps, Pile, Poland, Priee, Robertson, Roots,
Sawyer, Smith, Spalding. Starkweather, Stewart,
Stone, Stover, Taber, Tift, Trowbi idge, Twichell, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn,' Welker, Whitte-
niore, Thomas Williams,William Williams, Windom,
Wood, and Young—BS.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bingham, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles. Bowen,
Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Roderick R. Butler,
Callis, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clitt, Cor-
nell, Delano,DonDelly, Edwards, Eggleston, Eld, idge,
Farnsworth. Fox. French,Gravely, Griswold, Halsey,
Hamilton, Harding. Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Ilulbnrd, Humphrey, Hunter, Kelley,
Ketcham,Kitchen, Koontz, Loan,Lough ridge. LvBch,
M.irvio, McCullough, Moore, Morrissey, Niblack,
Nunn, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pike,
Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Prince, Pruyn, Raum,
Robinson, Ross, Schenck, Selye, Stokes., Sypher, Taffe,
Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Upson,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Vitlal.Cidwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.ATashburne,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson. Stephen F. Wil-
son, Woodbridge, and Woodward—89.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamli.y, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had adopted the report
of the committee of conference oil the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill No. 1570, making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment fortbe year ending June 30,1870, and
for other purposes.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the conference asked for on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill No. 1746, for the removal of certain dis-
abilities from the persons therein named, and
bad appointed as managers on its part Mr.
Stewart, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Hendricks.
The hour of half past four having arrived
the House took a recess till nine o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled atnine o'clock p. m.
Mr. LOGAN moved that the House adjourn
until to-morrow at ten o'clock a. m.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
48, nofs 67.
So the motion was disagreed to.
alleged new york election frauds.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the select
Committee on Alleged Election Frauds in New
York, submitted a supplemental report; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
military road in oregon.
The SPEAKER. The first business in-order
is the consideration of Senate bill No. 679, to
amend an act entitled ''An act granting lands
to the State of Oregon to aid in the construc-
tion of a military road from Eugene City to the
eastern boundary of said State. At the taking
of the recess the House refused to lay the bill
on the table. The previous question was sec-
onded, and the question now is "Shall the main
question be now ordered to be put? "
The main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MALLORY. demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof'the bill was passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
captain charles hunter.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 844, for the relief of Cap-
tain Charles Hunter; which was read the first
and second time.
.The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay Captain Charles Hunter, United
States Navy, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, pay as commander
in the Navy on leave from the 22d of June,
18G3, to the 21st of June. 1866.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to hear some explanation of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the point of order
that that makes an appropriation, and under the
rule must have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, as the bill does make an appro-
priation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask th® gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw his point of order until
he hears what this bill is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the point of
order for the present. Has the bill ever been
considered by any committee of this House ?
Mr. PIKE. The facts about this case, Mr.
Speaker, are that Captain Hunter, while in
charge of one of our naval vessels during the
war pursued a blockader, and in following it
with great diligence went into Cuban waters.
When within three miles of the shore the peo-
ple on board the blockader became alarmed
and burnt it. Therefore, Captain Hunter was
court-martialed, as our foreign relations were
in a very delicate condition and it was neces-
sary to conciliate foreign nations. He was
court-martialed and dismissed from service.
Subsequently he was restored. This bill gives
him his pay for the time he was out of service.
Under these circumstances I know no gentle-
man will object.
Mf. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Under
the statement of the chairman of the commit-
tee there is no question that this bill ought to
pass.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdrawthe objection.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read tKe third time, and
passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and' also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alpheu8 c. gallaiiue.
f
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 781) for the relief of Al-
pheus C. Gallahue; which was read -a first
and second time.
It grants leave to the petitioner to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents for
an extension of a patent granted to him on the
16th day of August, 1853, for pegging boots
and shoes, antedated the 18th of February,
1853, for fourteen years from the latter date,
in the same manner as if the petition for said
extension had been filed at least ninety days
before the expiration of the patent.
Mr. JENCKES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to move to concur in that
bill. It simply proposes to relieve the party
against the consequence of a mistake, and it
gives him no right except to apply to the Com-
missioner of Patents in the same manner as he
might have done if he had not made the mis-
take which is set forth in the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman state why the patent was not applied
for?
Mr. JENCKES. The petitioner explains it
in this way: his patent was antedated six
months and he indorsed it as of that data. On
making his application he discovered the fact
which he had forgotten, and be did not make
it within the ninety days required by law. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read a third time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes twenty-
one, noes not counted.
The bill was passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reduction of military forces.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 811) to provide for the
reduction of the military forces, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that this bill be
informally laid aside until we get the Army
appropriation bill from the Senate. We do
not know what may come in that direction.
By unanimous consent the bill was laid aside.
john w. davidson.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 661) for the relief of
Lieutenant Colonel John W. Davidson, of the
United States Army ;■ which was read a first
and second time. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the petitioner §218 25,
being the amount of public money stolen from
him while in his possession at Los Angelos,
California, in August, 1847.
Mr. PILE. I ask it to be put on its passage.
In explanation I send to the desk the report
of the Senate committee who examined this
matter. I will also state that I examined
the matter myself at the Treasury and War
Departments, and the statements in this report
are verified by the official papers in those De-
partments.
The report was read.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ret. d. iiillhouse buel.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 760) for the relief of Rev.
D. Hillhouse Buel; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask that that bill be
put upon its passage now.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be issued to the
Rev. D. Hillhouse Buel, of Cooperstown, New
York, proper 'certificates of registered stock
of the United States consolidated debt under
the act of March 3, 1865, to the amount of
57,000, in lieu and stead of certificates of said
debt numbered 16331 and 16382 for $1,000
each, and certificate numbered 4987 for §5,000,
belonging to him and lost while passing through
the mails; provided thatthesaid Buel shall give
bonds with surety to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Treasury conditioned to in-
demnify the United States against all claims
upon or in respect to the first-mentioned cer-
tificato.-
Mr. GRISWOLD. The circumstances at-
tending the loss of these bonds are simply these:
Rev. Mr. Buel sent coupon bonds to the Treas-
ury to be exchanged for registered bonds. In
transmitting them by mail they were lost more
than a year since. By the usage of the Treas-
ury Department they are of no value to a third
party, as they have to go to the Treasury De-
partment to be registered again in the event
