1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
of their being transferred to a third party. In
addition to that, the Government is amply in-
demnified against loss, and there is no possible
objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from New York to say that the bonds
lost were registered bonds?
Mr. GRISWOLD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then this bill is entirely
unnecessary. The registry of the Treasury
Department shows that fact, and the simple
losing of tbe certificate of registry amounts to
nothing. The party can go to the Treasury and
get his interest and pay when the bonds are due
the same as if he had not lost his certificate.
Mr. GRISWOLD. He will want some evi-
dence when the bonds are due. He has no
evidence of indebtedness unless he has the
bonds.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If I understand the bill,
it was seven-thirties that were sent to the Treas-
ury for conversion, or coupon bonds.
Mr. GRISWOLD. It was coupon bonds
that weje sent to be exchanged for registered
bonds.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is what I under-
stand.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As I un-
derstand the case, coupon bonds were sent to
the Treasury to be exchanged, and they were
exchanged for registered bonds, and the regis-
tered bonds were lost in the mails.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBCJRN, of Wisconsin. And-he
now wants duplicate bonds.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Yes; there can be no
possible objection to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There could be no objec-
tion to the bill on the statement of the gentle-
man from New York, butl think he is mistaken
as to the character of the transaction. If there
is a report made by the Senate committee I
would like to have it read.
The SPEAKER. There is no report, but
the bill will be read again, as there seems to
be some misunderstanding in regard to the
facts.
The bill was again read.
Mr, GRISWOLD. Unless some gentleman
desires to ask further questions I will move
the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask my colleague
whether there is any precedent for a bill of
this character? Has Congress ever indemni-
fied parties under these circumstances?
Mr. GRISWOLD. Yes ; plenty of them.
Mr. WOOD. Will my colleague state one?
Mr. GRISWOLD. I cannot give the gentle-
man names and dates, but I say to him from
my o,wn knowledge .that bills of this character
have been passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
I recollect a case which passed this very Con-
gress reported from the Committee of Claims
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Washburn. ]
Mr. PETERS. Wehave passed twoorthree
such bills.
Mr. WASHBURN; of Wisconsin. As I
understand the bill, there can be no objection
to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. What evidenc'e is there
that the bonds are lost? Where is the proof?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They make their proof
to the proper officers of the Treasury.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The , Government can
lose nothing by this bill. I call the previous
question.
The previous question -was seconded and the
•nam question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. GRISWOLD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The lutter motion was agreed to.
building for interior department, etc.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 204, relating to
tbe Department of the Interior; which was
taken up, and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. The first
section authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to lease, for a period not exceeding one
year, with the privilege of continuing the same
from year to year for five years, at a yearly
rent not exceeding $10,000, the fire-proof build-
ing on G street, owned by Mr. White, for the
use of the Department of the Interior; and the
sum of$10,000 is appropriated for that purpose.
The second section authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to remove from the. floor of the
said Department building now occupied for the
Storage and exhibition of models, whenever in
his judgment the accumulation of such models
may render the same expedient, all such mod-
els as relate to applications for patents not
granted, and to dispose of the same as he may
think best.
Mr. JENCKES. If this bill is to be passed
I move to amend it by striking out the second
section.
Mr. KELSEY. This is an appropriation
bill, and I make the point of order that it must
receive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole unless a motion
is made to suspend the rules to consider it in
the House.
Mr. JENCKES. I have no objection to the
first section of the bill; but the second section
involves one of the worst jobs ever attempted
to be put through Congress.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This subject was before
the Committee on Appropriations, and they
gave it some consideration. It was proposed
to put it on one of the appropriation bills, but
the proposition did not secure the sanction of
that committee.
Mr. JENCKES. I will make no objection
to this bill going to the Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was accordingly referred, under the
rule, to the Committee of the Whole.
heirs or tiiomas laytson.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill of the Senate, No. 047, for the
relief of the heirs of the late Thomas Lawson,
deceased; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move that this bill be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
extradition of criminals
The next business on {he Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 705, further to provide for
giving effect to treaty stipulations between this
and foreign Governments for the extradition
of criminals ; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that whenever any person shall have been de-
livered by any foreign Government to an agent
or agents of the United States, for the purpose
of being broughtwithin the United States and
tried for any crime of which he is duly accused,
the President shall have power to take all
necessary measures for the transportation and
safe-keeping of such accused person and for
his security against lawless violence until the
final conclusion of his trial for the crimes or
offenses specified in the warrant of extradition,
and until his final discharge from custody or
imprisonment for or on account of such crimes
or offenses, and for a reasonable time there-
after. And it shall be lawful for the President,
or such person as he may empower for that
purpose, to employ such portion of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the
militia thereof, as may be necessary for the
safe-keeping and protection of the accused as
aforesaid.
The second section provides that any person
duly appointed as agent to receive in behalf of
the United States the delivery by aforeign Gov-
ernmentofany person accused of crimecommit-
ted within the jurisdiction of the United States
and to convey him to the place of his trial shall
be, and hereby is, vested withall the powers of a
marshal of the United States in the,several dis-
tricts through which it may be necessary for
him to pass with such prisoner, so far as such
power is requisite for liis safe-keeping.
The third section provides that if any per-
son or persons shall knowingly and willfully
obstruct, resist, or oppose such agent in the
execution of his duties, or shall rescue, or
attempt to rescue, such prisoner, whether in
the custody of the agent aforesaid, or of any
marshal, sheriff, jailor, or other officer or per-
son to whom his custody may have lawfully
been committed, every person so knowingly
and willfully offending in the premises, shall, on
conviction thereof before the district or circuit
court of the United States for the district in
which the offense was committed, be fined not
exceeding $1,000 and imprisoned not exceed-
ing one year.
Mr. BANKS. This bill is rendered neces-
sary by events of recent occurrence which,
doubtless, are familiar to all members here.
It has been examined by the chairman and I
think other members of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, and they recommend its passage. I cal!
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof tbe bill was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time,'and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pavement of pennsylvania avenue.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 786, for the pavement of
Pennsylvania avenue; which was taken up, and
read-a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask that the bill be
read ; and if members will give attention there
will be no objection to it. We all know that
PeunsyWania avenue is in a poor condition.
If any gentleman should make a point of order
on the bill I shall move to suspend the rules.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. PILE. I made the point of order that
that bill makes an appropriation and mu3t bo
referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the rules
be suspended for the purpose of considering
the bill in the House.
Mr. TABER. The bill ought to be referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings aud
Grounds.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills and resolutions.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled ISills, reported thatthe
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
An aCt (H. R. No. 112) relating to captures
made by Admiral Farragut's fleet in the Mis-
sissippi river in May, 1802 :
An act (H. R. No. 425) for the relief of
Mary A. Filler;
An apt (H. R. No. 1279) in relation to addi-
tional bounties, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1844) to confirm certain
