THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bridge. Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, EhhuB. Washburn©, and Thomas Wil-
liams—-50.
iSo the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion'of'the' gentleman from New
York, [Mr. van ae&nam,] to reconsider the
vole by which the Ilouse laid upon the table the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ross] in relation to the drawing of seats, upon
which motion the yeas and nays have been
•ordered.'
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 76, not voting
46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell. Baker,
Barnes, Beatty, Benton, Blair, Bowen, Boyden,
Bromwell, Broomall. Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Oal-
lis, Cary, Chanler, Churchill. Sidney Clarke, Clift,
Coburn, CorleyJCovode, Cullom, Deweesc, Dickey,
Brings, Eckley, Edwards, El; , Ferriss, French, Gove,
Gravely, Grover, llaughey, llawkins, Heaton, Hill,
Holman. Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd. Hunter, Alex n<lejr H. Jones,
Thomas L.Jones, Julian. Kellogg, Kitchen, Lincoln,
Loan, IiVnch. Maynard, McCarthy. McConnick. Mer-
enr. Miller. Moore. Moorhead, Morretl, Mungen,
Newham, Norris, Peters, Pettis, Pike, Pile, Price,
Prince, Raum, Robertson, Ross, Selye, Shanks, Sit-
greaves, Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart, Stover,
Hypher. Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twichell. Van Aernam, Burfc Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Ward. Henry 1). Washburn, Willinm B.
Washburn, Whittemore, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Windom, and Young—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Jamog M.
Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Bdrnura, Beaman, Beck,
Benjamin, Binsrham, Boutwell, Boyer. Brooks, Burr,
Cobb, Dixon, Donnelly, Eggleston, Eldridjre, Eliot,
I^arnsworth. Ferry, Getz, Giossbrenner, Golhiday,
Griswold, Halsey, Higby, Chester D. Habbnrd,
Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketchanj, Knott Kootitz, George V. Lawrence. Wil-
liam Lawrence,Mailory. Marshall. M-irvin. McKee,
Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Niblack, Nunn, O'Neill,
Paine, Perharn, Phelps, Plnnts, Poland, Polsley,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Sawyer, S«b*nck, Sco-
field, Spalding. Stokes, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Taylor,
Trowbridge. Upson, Van Trump, Welker, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—T6.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley. Axtell,
Banks, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles. Buekland, Buck-
ley, Benjamin F. Butler, Reader W. Clarke, Cook,
Cornell, Dawes, Delano, Dockery, Dodge. Fields,
Fox, Garfield, Goss, Haight, Hamilton, Harding,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Lailin,
Lash, Logan, Loughridge, McCullousrh, Morrissey,
Nicholson. Orth. Pierce. Pomeroy, Roots, Sheila-
barger. Smith, Thomas. Van Auken. Robert!. Van
Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elibu B. Wasli-
burne, Thomas Williams, and Woodbridgc—dG.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was laid on the table was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Van Tkump, to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On thai motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on tiie demand for the previous question upon
the resolution.
Mr FARNSWORTEE. I ask my colleague
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] to allow me to offer
an amendment to his resolution. In these draw-
ings for seats it is customary to except one or
two members, allowing them to retain their
seats. ■ My amendment is to make several
exceptions of that kind.
Mr. ROSS. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTK. It is to add to the
resolution the following:
Provided* That th e seats of Hons. James G. Bl atne.
H. L. Dawes. S. M. Cullom. Samuel Hooper. Luke
P. Poland, H. E. Paine. R. C. Schenck, Jamios F.
Wilson, F. C. Beaman, It. P. Spalding. 0. A. Eld-
ridgk. Fernando Woon,N. B. Judd, J. V.L.Pruyn,
J A Bingham. E. B. Wakiiburne, James Mullins,
and myself be excepted from the drawing, and that
the aforesaid members be permitted to retain their
present seats.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Faexsworth] that he
modify his amendment by adding, in the words
of the late President Taylor, " the rest ot man-
kind." [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. I decline to allow the amend-
ment to be offered.
Tiio previous question was seconded and^he
mam question ordered; which was upon the
adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved, Thattho Clerk of this Houseshall, atone
o'clock p. vet. on Wednesday, December 16, A, D.
186S, or as soon thereafter as this resolution is agreed
to, place in a box the names of each Member and
Delegate of the House of Representative?, written on
aoieco of paper; that ho then proceed in the pres-
ence of the.H<uise to draw from said box, one at a
time, the said slips of pafcer; and as each is drawn he
shall announce the name of the Member or Delegate
upon it, who shall choose his seat for the present
session: Provided, That before said drawing shall
commence the Speaker shall cause each seat to be
vacated, and shall seethateveryseatcontinues vacant.
until it is selected under this order; and that every
seat after having been selected shall be deemed va-
cant if left unoccupied before the calling of the roll
is finished.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
'J'lie yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ARCHER. I call for tellers on agree-
ing to the resolution.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Archer,
and Mr. Wilson' of Iowa, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes one hundred and eight, noes not
counted.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. llOSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
In execution of the order of the House, the
Members and Delegates retired beyond the
outer row of seats, and, as their names were
drawn, came forward and selected their seats.
During the drawing,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved,
when Mr. BANKs'sname was drawn, thatsoine
one should be authorized to draw a seat for
him.
Objection was made.
Mr. PRUYN moved that Governor Thomas's
seat be reserved for him as before.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. MILLER moved that Mr. Washbtirne,
of Illinois, be allowed to select liis seat.
Objection was made. ]
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the seat of
Mr. Shellabarger should be reserved.
Mr. FARNSWORTH objected.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, stated that
his colleague [Mr. Laflin] was in the city,
but confined to his room by sickness, and
moved that a seat be reserved for him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Such has
always been the custom when a member is in
the city sick.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The drawing was then completed.
monument anthracite railroad company.
Mr. MORRELL. Iask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to incorporate the Monu-
ment Anthracite Railroad Company, for refer-
ence to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
printing tariff bill.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That five hundred extra copies of House
bill No. 1349 (tariff bill) be printed ior the use ot tho
House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope it will be the
understanding that it is to be printed on bill
paper, and not in pamphlet form.
Mr. SCHENCK. And with lines numbered
to correspond with the present printed bill.
The SPEAKER. Such will be the under-
standing.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is to
be the order of business to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. Tomorrow, after the read-
ing
give
of the Journal, the Pennsylvania delegation
6,vo notice they will announce the death of
their late colleague, Thaddeus Stevens, and
on Friday, at half past one, the death" of M&
Finney.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ifi view
of the recess and the large number of members
leaving the city I move that when the llouse
adjourns on Friday it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day, and that on Monday there stall be' no
session for business.
There was no objection, and it Wis o'rcleved
accordingly. • '
The SPEAKER stated that he would be
absent on Monday, and asked for authority to
appoint a Speaker pro tempore for that day.
There was no objection, and it-was ordered
accordingly. 1
civil service bill.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent,
moved that the civil service bill be reprinted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
make a report, in order that it may be printed
and recommitted to the Committee oa Naval
Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. i I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. PILE, (at four
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Peter
Brewer, late of company F, twenty-ninth Indi-
ana volunteers, for a pension.
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: A petition of
the cigar-makers of Toledo, Ohio, praying for
a modification of the tax on cigars, &c.
Also, a petition of the cigar-makers of To-
ledo, Ohio, praying for a modification of the
tax on cigars, &c. . .
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of Mary Wha-
ley, widow of Henry G. Whaley, deceased,, late
a private in company G, one hundred and nine-
ty-first regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, pray-
ing for a pension.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Lyon &
Cady, and 18 others, of Michigan, praying for
the repeal of so much of sections seventy-eight
and ninety-four of an act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, approved July 28,
1868.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: 1 he
petition of A. F. Cochron, for payment for one
hundredand fourteen hogsheads of sugar taken
from him by United States authorities.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of Nancy
A. Hammond, widow of George W. Hammond,
deceased, late of company M, seventh regiment
Ohio cavalry, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Miller, widow of
Edward Miller, deceased, who enlisted as Ed-
ward Whitlock in company F, sixteenth regi-
ment United States colored troops, for a pen-
sion. .
Also, the petition of Caroline K. Davis,
widow'of Samuel W. Davis, deceased, late of
company F, fifth regiment Ohio volunteers, for
a pension.
Also, the petition of James^ Hough, late of
company D, third regiment "Virginia infantry,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Sarah Snyder, mother
of Lucius C. Snyder, deceased, late of com-
pany K, first regiment Mississippi marine bri-
gade, for a pension. _ .
Also, the petition of Caroline Reinicker,
widow of Frederick Reinicker, deceased. h<te
of company H, one hundred and eighty-eighth
regiment Ohio volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Kate Spriggs, widow
of Benjamin Spriggs, deceased, late of com-
pany F, fifty-sixth regiment Ohio volunteers,
for a pension. ,
Also, the petition of Caroline Miiecke, mother
of Einil Miiecke, deceased, late of cotfipany
Q, one hundred and sixth regiment Ohio vol-
unteers, for a pension. ',r -  _
Also, the petition of Aloiz Mazet, lat
