1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico;
An act (H. R. No. 1327") to amend an act
entitled 1 'An act to exempt certain manufac-
turers from internal tax, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 31, 1868 ;
An act (H. E. No. 1487) to declare and fix
the status of judge advocates ;
An act (H. It. No. 1867) for the relief of the
Illinora Iron and Bolt Company ;
An act (H. R. No. 1879) for the relief of
certain companies of scouts and guides organ-
ized in Alabama;
An act (H. R. No. 1928) granting a pension
to Lemuel Barthalow;
An act (H. R. No. 1930) granting a pension
to Madge K. Guthrie and Robert B. Guthrie;
An act (H. R. No. 1973) in reference to cer-
tifying checks by national banks ;
An act (H. R. No. 1989) for the relief of
Peter McGough, collector of internal revenue
and disbursing agent of the twentieth district,
Pennsylvania;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 438) relative
to certain purchases by the Interior Depart-
ment ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the re-
lief of Henry S. Gibbons, Luther McNeal,-
and Seth M. Gates.
SALE OF ST. LOUIS ARSENAL GROrNDS.
The next business on the Speaker7 s table
was Senate bill No. 862, amendatory of the act
providing for the sale of the arsenal grounds
at St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri, and for
other purposes, approved July 25,1868; which
was taken up, and read it first and second time.
The bill provides that so much of the third
section of the act providing for the sale of the
arsenal grounds at; St. Louis and Liberty,, Mis-
souri, and for other purposes, approved July
21, 1868, as grants to the city of St. Louis the
westernmost six acres of the tract of ground
occupied by the St. Louis arsenal be repealed
so far as it designates the part of said tract so
granted; and in lieu of said westernmost six
acres there shall be granted to said city, for the
purposes and upon the conditions expressed
in said act, other six acres of said tract, to be
designated by the Secretary of War; and that
the period limited in said act for the erection
of the monument therein contemplated to be
erected shall be considered as commencing at
the time when the Secretary of War shall have
designated the six acres of said tract to be
granted to said city ; provided, however, that
no part of the said six acres shall be selected
east of the western line of the ground occupied
by the St. Louis and Iron Mountain railroad
for its road.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, this bill makes
three changes in the law providing for the sale
of the St. Louis arsenal. First, the law now
donates the western six acres to the city of St.
Louis for a park on which to erect a statue of
General I.yon. The lines of the arsenal tract
not running east and west, the western six acres
would be a triangular tract not suitable for a
park. This bill provides that the Secretary of
War shall designate the six acres for the park.
Second, this bill provides that the three years
during which this monument of General Lyon
is to be erected shall date from the time of the
designation of the six acres to be so used by
the Secretary of War; and third, that no par-
ol' this six acres shall be east of the Iron Mount
tain railroad tract. I think there can be no
objection to the passage of this bill. 1 call for
the previous question.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and alsq moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY C. NOYES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 204, for the relief of Henry
0. Noyes ; which was taken up, and read the
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue a new bond for $1,000, with coupons
from and including that of July 1, 1867, to
Henry 0. Noyes, of Claremont, New Hamp-
shire, in place of his coupon bond for a like
amount, No. 55337, act of March 3,1865, July
issue, 1865, destroyed; provided, that before
issuing a new bond the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall require a sufficient bond of indem-
nity securing the Government against the pre-
sentation of the bond alleged to be lost.
Mr. BENTON. I know Mr. Noyes very well
by reputation. He has sustained an excellent
character as a man of integrity. The testimony,
as I am informed by the Senate committee, was
full and explicit to show the destruction of this
bond, which occurred in consequence of its
being kept in a cellar. This bill provides for
the issue of anew bond upon the condition that
there shall be filed an indemnity bond accept-
able to the Secretary of the Treasury securing
the Government against any possible loss. It
has been now some two or three years since
this bond was lost, and no bond or coupon of
the same number has been presented. From
the Senate committee, which I understand was
unanimous in reporting in favor of this bill, I
learn that the testimony was ample as to the
fact of the loss and the propriety of affording
relief as proposed in the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not understand that
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Benton] in presenting this ease to the House
speaks from his personal knowledge or from
his own examination and estimate of the testi-
mony. His information is from the committee
of the Senate who examined the case. Now,
this is altogether too loose a mode of legisla-
tion. A coupon bond passes by delivery, and
in whosesoever hand it is it constitutes a valid
claim against the Government.
This bill, before we act upon it, ought to be
referred to a suitable committee of this House,
that the testimony may be analyzed and that
we may have a written report presenting to us
the evidence in such a form that we can act
intelligently on the case.
This case is unlike that upon which we passed
a few moments ago. That was the case of-a
registered bond; and there seemed to be some
little plausibility in the measure from the tact
that the bond in the hands of a third party
might not very conveniently be used to the pre-
judice of "the Government. But here the case
is different. I move, therefore, that this bill
be referred to the Committee of Claims.*
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Benton] yield to allow
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
to make the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of Claims?
Mr. BENTON. I do not yield for that
purpose.
Mr. Speaker, I have myself seen the testi-
mony in this case, and I regard it as proving
conclusively the destruction of this bond. Jt
was a bond for SI,000, constituting all the
property that this poor man had in the world.
He undertook to keep it in his cellar—the most
secret place that was at his command. The
bond went to pieces. A portion of it was pro-
duced before the committee.
The gentleman from Tennessee says this is
unlike the case of a registered bond. Now, I
understand that a registered bond might be as-
signed, and there is just as much chance of the
Government being called upon to pay a regis-
tered as a coupon bond. The Security the
Government has under this bill is that an in-
demnity bond is required to be filed.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the case of a registered
bond the assignment would be shown on the
books ot the Treasury.
Mr. \\ ARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Benton] whether
the date and number of this lost bond are
known and proved'?
Mr. BENTON. They are both proved, both
the number and date of the boud.
Mr. WARD. Then it perhaps canuot do
any harm to grant the relief.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that enough of the bond was pre-
served to identify it.
Mr. BENTON. I said there were pieces
shown to the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Under the practice of
the Treasury whenever a bond can be iden-
tified they reissue a new one under general
legislation, and they employ experts in the
Treasury for that purpose.
Mr. BENTON. I understand there was not
sufficient of the bond presented. The case
was before the Department for a considerable
time, and it was recommended that applica-
tion should be made to Congress for this act.
The matter has been fully considered by the
Senate committee and unanimously reported
upon. It seems to me there oan be no risk
at all about it. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Unless the gentleman
will allow this to go to a committee I shall
move to lay it on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. To send it to a com-
mittee would be the death of it.
The question being put on laying the bill on
the table, there were—ayes 22, noes 54; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Scofield
and Benton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 38, noes 78.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill; and being put, there were—ayes 45,
noes 26 ; no quorum voting.
Mr._ WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
establishing an important precedeut; and I
dema'nd the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 37, not voting
108; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Barnes,
Bcaraan, Benton, Bingham, Blair,Benjamin F. But-
ler, Gary. Sidney Clarke, Ciift, Coburn, Corley, Dodge,
Driggs, Eggleston. Ela, Thomas D. Eliot, James T.
Elliott. Eerriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Goss,
Gove,Gravely,Grover,Harding,Ilcaton, Iligby, Hop-
kins, Hotehkiss, Iiigersoll, Jeuckes, Johnson, Alex-
ander IT. .Tones, Judd. Kellogg, Kitchen, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, Niblack,
Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Peters, Pile, Poland,
Robertson, Roots, Sawyer, Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Tift, Twichell, Upson,
Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Wliittemore, \Yilham Williams, and Wood-
ward—77,
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Bcatty, Bromwcll, Broom-
all, Buckland, Buckley, Cake, Cobb, Cook, Dixon,
Donnelly, Ecldey. Golladay,Hawkins, Holuian, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ivnott, Maynard,
McCormick, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Muliins. Paine,
Pomcrov, Price,Scofield. Sitgreaves, Stone, Thomas,
Van Wyck,CadwaIader C. Washburn, Henry U.Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, and Stephen F. Wil-
son—37.
NOT VOTING-Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer, James M. Ashley, Axtcll, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Barnutn, Beck, Benjamin, Black-
burn. Blaine,Boles, Boutvvell.Bowen, Boyden.Boyer,
Brooks. Burr, Roderick R. Butier, Callis, Chanler,
Churchill. Reader W. Clarke, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Dickey, Dockery, Ed-
wards, Eldridge, Earnswortb, Fox, French,Glossbren-
ner, Griswold, Haight. Halsey, Hamilton, Haugliey,
Hill, Hooper, Asaliel W.Hubbard, Riehqrd D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, ICelley,
Kelscy, Kerr, Ketcham.Koontz, Lash, William Law-
renco, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall,
McCullough, Morrissey, Mungen, Newfomb, New-
sham, Nicholson, Nunn, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike,
Plants, Polslev, Prince, Bruyn, Randall, Raum, Rob-
inson, Ross, Schenek, Selye, Shanks. Shellaba.rger,
Spalding, Stover, Sypher, Tuber, Taffc, John Trim-
ble, LawrenceS. Trimble, Tiowbridge, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Vidal. Elihu 'B. Washburne, Welker,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Windom, Wood, Woodbridjjo, and Young—108.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vole
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDGMENTS IN CAPITAL CASKS.
The next, business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 753) to provide for the execu-
