1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ing to that bond since the loss or destruction
of it?
Mr. FRELTNG-HOYSEN. Of course not.
Mr. CORBETT. Was there any evidence
before the committee of that fact?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not identified by
number.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that it is
alleged here that it is of such a number. Now
I wish to know whether there have been any
coupons presented to the Treasury for payment
of that number?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No, of course
not; for the remains of the bond are there ;
its number is known by the affidavit of the
owner. An inquiry was made at the Treasury
in reference to the coupons, before the report
was made, by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. CRAGIN. Allow me to make a state-
ment. The owner o f this bond lives very near
my residence. I know him well, personally,
and know all the parties. Over a year and a
half ago I brought on here the affidavits and
the fragments of this bond, and went to the
Secretary of the Treasury for the purpose of
getting a ne\? bond there, but the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Treasurer, and the First
Comptroller, after examining the case thor-
oughly, told me that the law only authorized
them to issue new bonds in the case of muti-
lated bonds, and that this bond was so far
destroyed that they could not issue a new one
under that law for mutilated bonds, but that it
was a clear case and that the party should
apply to Congress ; and for more than a year
and a half I have been trying to get this re-
port from the Committee on Claims. I have
examined carefully the fragments of this bond j
there are perhaps a thousand in number of the
pieces. I have not the slightest doubt that all
that is stated in this report is honest, and that
this bill ought to pass.
Mr. HOWE. I have only two things to say.
One is, that I did not know that the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire had expended
any great amount of effort on the part of the
Committee on Claims. I never heard him
speak of the case until a short time ago, and
then I contrived to have it examined as early
as possible. The next remark I have to make
is, that I think it is about time to discontinue
proceedings on the Oregon war bonds which
were lost on the Golden Gate. About once
in three months when we are in session some
Senator starts up to amuse the Senate or to
shock the Senate with the story of a bond
having been alleged to be lost on the Golden
Gate; initiatory steps were taken to secure a
new one; and suddenly the ghost of the old
bond appeared. I believe in our history some
such transaction as that has occurred; but I
think the Senate understands it sufficiently by
this time and ought not to be twitted with it
again. Whether the issuing of the new bond
in that case was ever recommended by any
committee I never have learned yet, and do
not know anything about it. But! will admit,
as an honest man I think I am bound to ad-
mit, that even the Committee on Claims might
be deceived in regard to such a transaction ;
that human judgment is fallible, and the mem-
bers of the Committee on Claims are made up
of fallible beings. I regret it heartily, sin-
cerely.
The question, however, which the Senate
ought to make up its mind upon finally and
conclusively is this: will you, all being fallible
men, assume the immense responsibility of
deciding upon human testimony when a cer-
tain bond is or is not destroyed, and impose
upon this great constituency of forty millions
the obligation of making compensation for it or
issuing a new one. Will you take that responsi-
bility, or will you say you are so extremely
fallible that you will not take it, but you will
impose the whole loss upon the individual who
happens to be deprived of the bond ? That
is the question. Over and over again these
claims have been presented, not only to the
Committee on Claims, but to the Committee
on Finance, and never yet has a committee
taken the responsibility of saying that the Gov-
ernment ought not to pay for them. Of course,
if the testimony deceives us, we shall do a
wrong to the Government. We mean to be as
careful as we can, but we do not guaranty
the Government, and I want you to under-
stand that; at least I do not, as one member
of that committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the tl^ird time, and passed.
ORDER OE BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT^pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call attention to the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the bill (H. R. No.
788) to regulate the appraisement and inspec-
tion of imports in certain cases, and for other
purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. In pursuance of the no-
tice that I gave, I will move that the pending
order be postponed, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider what is known as the currency
bill. I make the motion to postpone the pend-
ing order at the request of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Morkill] and other Senators,
who desire to look into the matter a little
further. I therefore move to take up the cur-
rency bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I gave notice yesterday
that I should antagonize the river and harbor
bill against this currency bill; but if the Senate
will consent to my having this evening, taking
a recess from four and a half o'clock until
seven o'clock, anddevoting the evening to the
river and harbor bill, I will not make that
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a question for the
Senate to determine. 1 am perfectly willing
that the Senate shall hold a session in the
evening for that purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator to with-
draw his motion until I can make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can make
his motion without my withdrawing mine. I
cannot withdraw my motion, but the Senator
can submit that question to the Senate if he
chooses to do so.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, then, that the
Senate take a recess from half past four o'clock
until seven o'clock, for the purpose of consider-
ing the river and harbor bill this evening.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio is in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to amend the motion
of the Senator from Michigan by adding " and
the business of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads."
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I cannot agree
to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate can only act on one motion at a time. The
Senator from Ohio moves that the unfinished
business and all prior orders be postponed for
the purpose of taking up the currency bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senate have been
occupied for a great many days upon contested
matters. There are a great many bills that
will not be seriously contested that ought to be
considered. If they are not considered now
there will be no chance of their passing the
House of Representatives ; and I was going to
suggest that this afternoon be devoted to that
class of business. I believe the Senate is very
wearied of considering contested matters, and
I think it would be a relief to all sides and an
act of justice to take up the bills to which I
refar. The Senator from Ohio has had his bill
up now several times, and evidently there is a
very serious disagreement about it. I suggest
that we take up such bills as are not seriously
contested, some of the private claims, and
that sort of business, this afternoon; and I
hope we shall not have a night session. I am
willing to endure any amount of labor that is
necessary, and I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will have a hearing for his bill, but not
at night.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will modify my motion
so as to provide that the night session shall be
devoted to business from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY. And the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I can use one, two,
or three nights with the reports of the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY. And Post Offices and Post
Roads; let them run along together.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; Icannotagree
to that. I modify my motion so as to move
that the Senate take a recess from half past
four o'clock until seven o'clock for the pur-
pose of considering bills reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a motion pending, but by unanimous consent
the motion of the Senator from Michigan can
be put at this time. Is there any objection?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; I am opposed
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
cannot be entertained until after the question
is put on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to take up the currency bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I shall insist on
my motion, that we now proceed with the con-
sideration of the river and harbor bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take the question
first on the currency bill. If we are to do any-
thing at all on that subject we ought to take up
the bill now and act upon it. It ought to be
acted on deliberately. I am willing to test the
sense of the Senate upon taking it up without
debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to withdraw his motion, simply to allow
me to make a motion to provide for an evening
session for the business of the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I could not do that with-
out involving us in confusion. I am in favor
of the Senator's bill, and will assist him in
getting it up at the proper time.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will allow
me to get a vote of the Senate on my motion,
I will then renew the motion to take up the cur-
rency bill. I do not want a single objection
to throw me out to-night. I expected the
Senator from Maine to object, but I do not
think the Senate will.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
us to take up this currency bill I have no doubt
he will then have an opportunity to take up the
river and harbor bill. That is a House bill, and
it can be taken up at any time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire simply to have
the motion put whether we shall have a recess
from half past four until seven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the sense of the Senate being taken on that
question.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. That motion
cannot be put, another motion being pending,
without unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I insist on my mo-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I objected to it because
I am opposed to the recess. I do not want to
have a night session for any such purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the Senate vote upon
it. If the Senate are disposed to have a recess,
I hope we shall be allowed to have a vote upon
the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can test that
question after awhile.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the present and all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bi.ll
mentioned by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that motion will
not prevail.
Mr. HOWE. I dislike to vote against pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the bill which
the Senator from Ohio asks to have taken up ;
but when that motion prevents the Senate from
