186a
TJH ■ OJONG'BIJSHOIMi I GfiCff®,.
Mr. SAW.YER. So I understand from the
members of the House..
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
having been read three times, the question is,
Shall it pass? On the passage of the bill the
yeas and nays will be taken.
Mr. POMEROY. It may be done by unani-
mous consent, I suppose, without ordering the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I would gladly, Mr.
President, vote to relieve all the people of the
South from disabilities. I think it ought to
be done. While I know nothing about these
gentlemen, personally or politically, and must
apt on information, I shall not vote for the bill;
and for this reason: I have seen it stated in the
public press—and I presume it to be correct—
that the persons, applying, or in whose behalf
application is made for the removal of disabil-
ities here, are persons belonging to one partic-
ular political organization. I object to their
being made favoritesin the legislation of Con-
gress. If they have incurred disabilities then
they have been guilty of that which their neigh-
bors have been guilty of, and no reason is stated
to the Senate why this favor should be extended
exclusively to them. I hold that it is not wise
in legislation to legislate simply in reference
to the party associations or political convic-
tions of individuals. I do not know of any
particular merit, and I have heard no partic-
ular merit of these gentlemen stated which
should cause them to receive this favor, while
their neighbors, who have been no worse than
they, who have not participated in the late
civil war to a greater extent, perhaps, than
they have, who did not give aid and comfort
to the southern confederacy or to persous in
arms against the United States to any greater
extent than they have, are excluded. Why
should these be favored and the restexcluded?
I make this statement merely to place myself
aright, as I intend to vote against this aud all
kindred measures partial in their character.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say, in regard
to some of the paities whose names are in the
bill before the Senate, that they are not mem-
bers of the Republican party, but they are men
who were selected by the votes of their several
localities to fill important local offices; and
where we were not able to get a good Repub-
lican we took a good Democrat who was willing
to recognize the existing state of things. There
are several gentlemen included here who are
known as members of the Democratic party,
but they are those who have put themselves in
proper relations with the existing government
of the State. Our Legislature has not confined
its recommendation for the removal of disabil-
ities to men of one political party, and this
bill includes several names of prominent Dem-
ocrats in that State.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill; and, as the
Constitution requires the concurrence of two
thirds of the members present to pass it, the
vote must be taken by yeas and nays.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 44, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Cameron, Cat-
tell,Chandler,Cole,Corbett, Cragin, Dixon, Edmunds,
Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nye. Osborn, Patterson
of Now Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pome-
roy, Pool, Ramsey, Bice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Sherman. Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Vickers, Warner, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—14.
NAYS —Messrs. Davis, Mo.Oreery, and Sauls-
feurv—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Conkling,
Conness, Doolittle, Drake, J'essenden, Fowler, Har-
ris, Henderson, McDonald. Morton, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wade, Welch, Wbyte, and Willey—19. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the members present having voted in the
affirmative, the bill is passed.
Mr. FERRY- The title of th<? bill should
be changed by inserting the words " of amend-
ments" after "article;" so as to read; "A
bill to relieve certain persons of all political
disabilities 'imposed by the fourteenth article
of amendments of the Constitution of the
United States."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
will be so amended.
■ BILLS INTRODUCED. •'
Mr. CHANDLER as"ked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce# bilJTS.
No. 697) granting lands to the States of "Wis-
consin and Michigan to aid in the construction
of the Wisconsin and Lake Superior railroad
and its branch; which was read twice by its
title,' referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave tointroduce a bill (S. No.
698) to relieve from legal and political disabil-
ities certain persons engaged in the late rebel-
lion ; which was read twice by^ its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 699) for the relief of the daughters of
General Charles F. Smith, deceased; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 700) for the relief of Joseph Moorehead;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 701) granting to the New Orleans, Mobile,
and Chattanooga Railroad Company, the right
of way through the public lands of the United
States and for other purposes ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee en
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ItlCB asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 70^%
for the removal of political disabilities from
certain citizens of the State of Arkansas;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave tointroduce a bill (S. No. 703)
for the removal of political disabilities from
certain citizens of the State of Kentucky;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
704) to extend the letters-patent originally
granted to John Young; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McCREERY. I submit resolutions
amendingthe Constitution of theUnited States.
I am not the author of these resolutions my-
self. They were prepared by Hon. S. S. Nich-
olas, of Louisville, Kentucky, a man who for
fifty years has been an ornament to the bar
and bench of Kentucky. He had devoted
much time to the consideration of constitu-
tional questions, and the result of his expe-
rience aud reflection is embodied in these res-
olutions. I therefore commend them to the
consideration of the committee to which they
will be referred. They are intended to pro-
tect the rights of minorities and to provide
against the contingency of bringing an elec-
tion for President and Vice President to the
House of Representatives. I move that the
resolutions be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S. R. No. 189)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; and it was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
.Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
, Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unaaimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill CS.
No. 190) relating to the bounties to colored
soldiers who entered t,he volunteer service aa
slaves; which was read twice by Us title, re-
ferred to the Committee oa Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7Q5) further to provide for giving effect to
treaty stipulations between - this and foreign
Governments for the extradition of criminala ;
which, .was read twice by its title. '■ ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. Th  bill has been ex-
amined by tiie Judiciary Committee, and I ask
that it take its place on the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will go on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITIA IN TUB SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (JEL R.
No. 3.537) to repeal certain provisions of sec-
tion six of an act entitled "An .act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 80, 1868, and for other
purposes," approved March 2, 1867, have di-
rected me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage ; and I ask
to have it considered at once. It will take but
a moment. It is precisely similar to the bill
which we passed the other day on the same
subject.
There being no objection the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear some
explanation of this bill from the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. We passed a similar bill -the
other day;—the Senator was not "here at the
time—which was fully debated. It went to the
House of Representatives, but the Honse at the
same time, or the day after, passed this bill,
and as they are engaged to-day in such a way
•sfchat they cannot act upon our bill I thought I
would have this bill taken up and put ou its
passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH MOORE HEAD.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
700) for the relief of Joseph Moorehead, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and to recommend its passage ; and the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] desires that
I should ask the Senate to consider it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the case of a
lunatic who is now at large on account of the
lunatic asylum in Ohio being burnt out. It is
important that it should pass in order to allow
an ex-officer of the Navy to be transferred to
the lunatic asylum here. I hope it will be
allowed to pass at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
vides that Joseph Moorehead, of Ohio, lately
a passed midshipman in the United States
Navy, now insane, shall be admitted as a pa-
tient into the Naval and MUitary Asylum, for
the Insane at Washington, District of Colum-
bia, and remain therein so long as he shall
continue insane and his guardian shall so
desire.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the "Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say that
on the 16th of February, 1853, Congress passed
a law agreeing to pay to the guardian of Joseph
Moorehead the furlough pay of a passed mid-
shipman from some time in the year 1840, ana
so long as he should remain insane. Be has
