1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lots
hearing a motion for an evening session to
consider a measure of such importance as that
indicated by the Senator from Michigan I am
obliged to vote against the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I state to Senators that
after we have gone on with the consideration
of the currency bill I will at any time give way
so as to allow a majority of the- Senate to say
whether they will have a recess or not. I
never oppose the will of the majority.
Mr. HOWE. Why not do it now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because if I give way
now I may lose the only opportunity I shall
have at this session to call this bill up.
Mr. HOWE. Does not the Senator know
that we can never do it unless it is done in
this way? As his motion is pending, a single
objection prevents the reception of any other
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be made at a later
stage.
Mr. CHANDLER,(toMr. Sherman.) With-
draw your motion, and then I will renew it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senators need not
trouble themselves on account of the objec-
tion. I had no sort of objection to the motion
being put after the vote was taken on the mo-
tion to take up the financial bill. I shall make
no objection then; and if the single objection
is what is in the way, I am perfectly willing to
withdraw it now if the honorable Senator
from Ohio will consent to have it taken up.
It makes no difference to me. I was perfectly
willing that the question on the recess should
be taken as soon as the question was taken
upon proceeding to consider the finance bill;
but if Senators desire it all around me I will
withdraw my objection ; it makes no differ-
ence to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the question on the recess will be
taken at this time. Does any Senator object?
Mr. MeCREERY. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
until the motion of the Senator from Ohio is
disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take up this bill,
and then it can be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the present and all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
indicated by the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the bill before the
Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole; and will be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been read.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask that the bill
be laid aside informally until the motion I
made for the recess can be put.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to submit his motion for a
recess at this time. Does any Senator object?
Mr. MeCREERY. I object. I do not want
a night session if I can help it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, then, to post-
pone the consideration of this bill until my
motion can be put, so that a single objection
will not carry it over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
from New York had the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York- has the floor, and has
risen to debate the question before us.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish, however,
to refuse the Senator from Michigan an oppor-
tunity to make his motion.
Air. CHANDLER. I appeal to my friend
from New York to permit me to make that
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly I will,
Mr. CHANDLER. Then that, is all right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking the recess proposed, if there
is no objection.
40th Coxo. 3d Ress.—No. 68.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will withdraw his objection, and let the
sense of the Senate be taken on the motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no objection.
Mr. MeCREERY. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have the permission
of the Senator from New York to submit the
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the present
and all prior orders.
Several Senators. Temporarily.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tempora-
rily, for the purpose of proceeding to consider
the motion for the recess.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-one,
noes not counted.
BILLS OF COMMITTEE OS COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now make the mo-
tion that the Senate take a recess to-day from
half past four to seven o'clock.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend
the motion by saying four o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will now state my
objection to having a recess for that purpose.
The river and harbor bill is a very important
one. It involves a large amount of money
and many questions; and we are all aware
that at these evening sessions it is almost
impossible to get a very large attendance of
the members of the Senate ; and I think a bill
of that character ought not to be discussed,
considered, and acted upon in the kind of
meeting that we have in the evening at this
period of the session. It will only result in a
half action, and not a true and proper consid-
eration of a bill of that kind, involving so much
as it docs. I think, therefore, we ought not
to consider a bill of that sort in an evening
session, and for that reason I am opposed to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to take a recess from
four o'clock until seven o'clock this evening,
for the purpose of considering in the evening
bills reported from the Committee on Com-
merce alone.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be better
tosay half pastfour o'clock. ["No!" "No!"]
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 2G, noes 15.
toblic debt and currency.
The PR/ESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved that the currency bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 793) in rela-
tion to the public debt and the currency.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to descant upon finances or cur-
rency, nor to discuss the multiplied theories
and'plans of trpntment to which the mone-
tary situation of the country has given rise.
Three fourths of the session have gone, and
I cannot doubt that the two Houses of Con-
gress ought so to govern themselves that the
necessary measures of legislation will be per-
fected and disposed of by the 4th of March.
Those who look with favor or indifference upon
an extraordinary session of Congress as the
concomitant of inaugurating the new Adminis-
tration, not a session convened by the Presi-
dent for reasons then apparent and adequate,
but a session into which we are to drift inad-
vertently or purposely, will of course sec no
objection to considering at large now questions
engaging public attention, whether their con-
sideration promises legislative action or not.
My own conviction is that we should lend the
energies of the session to the dispatch of such
actual measures as command attention by their
urgency as well as by their importance, resolv-
ing to leave nothing undone which may not
without serious detriment abide the next winter
session.
The subject of the pending measure, how-
; ever it may be with the measure itself, is of
! grave importance and commanding urgency.
J The bill is proposed as a means of changing
for the better the financial circumstances of
the country.' If it will do this, it deserves at
once our whole attention -and all our votes.
If on the other hand it promises nothing
desirable, its presentation will confirm the fear
which has of late abided with me that a better
administration of our finances and sounder
legislati ve principles respecting them, must wait
for the advent of a new Secretary of the Treas-
ury and for methods and assurances to be
evolved by him, or at least with his cooperation.
To find the true value and utility of the five
sections proposed i take them up in order for
examination within limits only so large as to
embrace such effects as would seem to be easily
foreseen.
The first section, leaving the proviso out of
view lor a moment, legalizes contracts specific-
ally answerable in coin. This presents a ques-
tion of which much might be said. The Sen-
ate, however, has heretofore adopted equivalent
provisions, and has thus determined the expe-
diency oftryingthe experiment. Nevertheless,
should it he again decided to try it, all must
look with some concern for the result: None
can know in advance that to withdraw a large
body of the commercial transactions of the
country from affinity and sympathy with the cir-
cular i'.i!/ medium which will still remain, will not
tend to depreciation greater than now exists.
But the proviso which concludes this section
suggests the first point to which I ask the
attention of the Senate. I read the section
including the proviso:
"That any contract hereafter made'specifically
payable in coin shall be legal and valid, and may be
en forced aceoid'u.t? to its terras, anything in the sev-
eral acts relating ;o United States notes to the con-
trary notwithstanding: Provided, That this section
shall not apijiy to contract for the borrowing of
currency, or to iherenewi'.lorextcnsionot'an indebt-
edness under a contract already entered into, unless
such contract originally required payment in coin."
It was obviously the conviction of those who
appended this saving clause that it would be
unsafe to legalize bargains for payment in coin,
leaving all persons free to make such bargains
or not. Hence a guard is set over some per-
sons. Who are thev? First, borrowers of
money. They must, it is thought, be pro-
tected against the rapacity which would, as a
condition of the loan, exact coin in return for
borrowed money. If the soundness of this
position be granted, and if it be granted also
that the language employed would secure the
protection required, a noticeable commentary
arises. We declare that it is wise to make it
optional to enter into agreements which coin
alone can satisfy, and in the same breath we
declare that safety requires one half the com-
mercial transactions of the country to be pre-
served from the exercise of such an option. It
is no exaggeration to say that one half our
commercial operations involve the^ loan of
money directly or indirectly, and if it be true
that the parties themselves cannot be trusted
to make their own bargains the fact is not aus-
picious in the indications it affords of the nature
of the proposed experiment and its possibilities
of evil.
If we agree with the committee that bor-
rowers should be insured against the exaction
of repayment in coin, we must then consider
whether such a provision as this would be ade-
quate or efficient. At this point the inquiry
is, would not evasion be easy? While a wide
difference in value remains between gold and
currency no man would borrow currency to be
returned in coin dollar for dollar. No legis-
lative restriction is needed to guard against
such improvidence.
The transaction against which the committee
must have intended to guard is that of loaning
Currency the amount of which is adjusted be-
tween lender and borrower to be returned
m gold, the amount of which is also adjusted
in the same way. This being prohibited in the
manner proposed, what alteration would be
necessary to bring the same loan within the
permission of the law? Only to agree in form
to lend and to pay coin, and then lor the lender
■to render the sum loaned in currency, checks,
drafts, or other representatives of value equiva-
