122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
been confined in the Ohio Insane Asylum, which
lias now been burnt out, arid this bill simply
authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to trans-
fer him to the asylum in this District.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
jlkpollt of columbian institution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I raoveto reconsider the
resolution passed yesterday authorizing the
printing of fifteen hundred extra copies of the
report of the superintendent of the Columbian
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb, with a view
to recommit it to the Committee on Printing.
Some circumstances have come to my knowl-
edge that I was not aware of at that time.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to recommit the
resolution to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
bills recommitted.
On motion by Mr. MORGAN, the bill (II.
R. No. 375) to repeal an act approved March
2, 1807, entitled "An act to regulate the dis-
position of tinns. penalties, and forleitures
received under the laws relating to the customs,
and for other purposes," and to amend certain
acts for the prevention and punishment of
frauds on the revenue and for the prevention
of smuggling, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. MORGAN, the bill (S.
No. 49(1) for the relief of the owners of the brig
Ocean Belle was read a second time, and re-
committed to the Committee on Finance.
hnk0i.lki) bill srsnud.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiibiiso.v, its Clerk, announced
that the .Speaker had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (II.lt. No. ;>7y) donating condemned
camion for the erection of a monument to Major
General Kearny; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore, of the Senate.
sympathy to spain.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pr
eeed to the consideration of the joint resolu
tion (S. R. No. 178) tendering sympathy and
best wishes to the people of Spain.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution.
Mr. SUMNEli. It is only necessary to read
the substitute reported by the committee.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations;
which was to strike out all of the resolution
after the resolving clause, and to insert the
following:
That, the people of the United States, sympathizing
with the people of Spain in their effort to establish a
new order of thins*, express the confident hope that
it will be conducted to the end in such way as to pro-
mote the triumph of liberal institutions, und they
earnestly appeal to the people of Spain not to allow
the present opportunity to pass without securing tho
immediate emancipation of slaves and tho tinnt ab-
olition ot Savory tlnouehout the Spanish dominions,
Sne. 2. Awlhr i( ftuthcr Thflt t,lje Presi-
dent of tho United States is ohm-Red with the duty
ot rotrnuumcating this resolution to.tho Government
ot Spain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Senator
from Massachusetts has carefully considered
these words ; but it may not be so much of a
congratulation to establish a new order of
things as it would be to establish a republican
form o('government.
Mr. SUMNER. Would you insert " repub-
lican government?''
Mr. POMEUOY. I want a republican gov-
ernment. If we are going to congratulate
them let us congratulate them on their oppor-
tunity of establishing a republican government.
A now order of things may make it worse on
the whole.
Mr. COXNESS. I was going to make a
suggestion in this connection. 1 would suggest
that, the words "a more popular form of gov-
ernment1' might bo adopted, or "more en-
lightfene'd aud liberal institutions something
that expresses the idea of a government like
our own.
Mr. POMEROY. I like the phrase " rep-
resentative republican government."
Mr. CONNES3. That, perhaps, may be
going too fur.
Mr. POMEUOY, I made the suggestion to
the Senator from Massachusetts, thinking be
would adopt it.
'Mr. SUMNER. It is not in my power pre-
cisely to adopt it, for this is the report of the
committee. The resolution as I introduced it
the Senator has before biin, and that has been
amended by the committee, and it is the
amendment of the committee which is now
under consideration. If the suggestion of the
Senator should prevail it strikes me it would
come in at a different part of the resolution ;
that instead of sajing "the triumph of liberal
institutions," we should say " the triumph of
republican institutions."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the com-
mittee thought that it would not be exactly in
good taste, especially in the present unsettled
state of things in Spain and considering the
institutions that prevail among European Gov-
ernments, to attempt to hint what particular
form of government we should most desire.
That is, of course, very well understood. The
expression "a new order of things" does not
exactly suit me. I would suggest to the chair-
man whether the expression "a more liberal
form of government" simply would not be
sufficient and as far as we ought to go.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I arn op-
posed myself to thjr adoption cither of the
amendment or of/the resolution. It makes
veiy little differerfce, in my judgment, which
the Senate choose to adopt. I will state very
briefly—-I din not know the question would
come up tKis morning—the grounds on which
1 shall c/>jeet to said resolution. They are
inipraoncabte in their character. They are an
interference with a course of things in another
v which is now in a state of revolution—
tessful revolution, if you will—but still
at do you know of the condition of things
Spain? You know that there are two par-
ties there, one in favor of monarchy and the
other in favor of a republic. You know that
they have had conflicts there since the revolu-
tion took place in which the late sovereign of
Spain was deposed. Why should the United
States depart from the policy which ought
always to characterize it, of non-interference
with the affairs of foreign nations? Why not
leave Spain to decide both as to the form of
government the people choose to adopt and as
to the mode in which they choose to regulate
their domestic institutions of any kind what-
ever?
My objection is not to the particular request
or approbation which is indicated in this reso-
lution or to the expression of the hope that
Spain may abolish slavery throughout her
dominions. My objection arises from the fact
that tho precedent in itself is impracticable and
contrary to that principle of non-interference
in the domestic affairs of foreign communities
>; which I think always ought to be adhered to
! in this country, as it generally has in the past.
lj If you make a precedent of this kind what may
'I follow? Other questions may arise in other
jj countries on which you may have very strong
!; sentiments or opinions in this country; and
il you may ultimately by resolutions of this char-
!! acter, which are not legislation in yonr own
!i affairs, which have no practical bearing upon
;i tho people of this country in any way whafc-
jj ever, involve the country and complicate its
relations with foreign Powers.
Let me illustrate by a case which is not
probable now, I admit, but I do not know how
soon it may become probable. We know that
in Great Britain there is a contest going on
now for the disestablishment of what is called
the Iiish Church. It is not at all improbable
that in the course of things there it may ulti-
mately lead also to a contest for the disestab-
lishment of the Church of England. In this
country we do not recognize established
churches in any form whatever. The general
system of the people of this country is against
jr. I can see no reason why we might not just
as well, in a political crisis ihere connected with
the disestablishment of the church, pass res-
olutions in reference to what we might hope
the action of England would be in reU-renee to
matters of that kind as in reference to the
course of'Spain now.
My judgmeut is to let foreign countries
manage their own institutions and their own
affair?, recognizing always the de facio Gov-
ernment where it is iuily established -, but
beyond that the path of wisdom, the act of
statesmanship on the part ot the Government
of the United States, is not to interfere in the
domestic matters of foreign communities where
they do not by their management trespass
upon us.
This is the general ground on which I object
to this resolution in any shape in which it may
be presented. 1 cannot see tnat it is called
for. We do know, and all we know is that there
is a disturbed state of affairs in Spain, the issue
of which no man herehasany sufficient knowl-
edge now to predict. It may end, as 1 have un-
derstood is most probable, in the establishment
of a monarchy. It may be different. It may
end in civil conflict and further anarchy. We
do not know. Why should we interfere, then?
I object to it not because Spain could at all
injure us, or that we complicate our relations
with Spain, but we establish a precedent by
this interference, and though the men of the
day here now in this Senate may consider that
it is very desirable that Spain should do what
this resolution asks, in the Senate hereafter
other questions relating to other nations may
arise in which a majority may be equally de-
voted to some particular opinion which they
may seek to enforce upon a foreign nation and
may do it to the extent of complicating the
relations of the country.
I have stated the general ground on which I
object to resolutions of this character alto-
gether. I do not think them appropriate legis-
lation. I think them dangerous legislation as
a precedent; much more so than any effect
this particular resolution might have in any
way whatever. I am therefore opposed to the
passage of such resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to announce that the resolution of the
Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey,] in
relation to a portion of the President's message
relating to the finances, is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will
indulge me by taking a vote on this joint res-
olution. I think there will be no further dis-
cussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the special order will be passed
over for the purpose of taking the vote on this
joint resolution.
Mr. CATTELL. This joint resolution will
lead to further debate, and I ask that the un-
finished business of yesterday be now taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to laying aside the unfinished
business it will be taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be laid aside
informally.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us finish this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business will be laid aside informally if
there be no objection.
Mr. CA TTELL. I must object.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to the Senator to
allow five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts can test the matter
by submitting a motion to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to submit a
motion. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
merely for five minutes that this may be dis-
posed of. 1 think it can be disposed of in that
time.
Mr, CATTELL. I have no objection to
allowing five minutes ; but Senators all around
me say it cannot be disposed of in that time.
