Jl 826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 17, noes 81.
Mr. GETZ. I call for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
flays were not ordered.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I call for
tellers on the passage of the bill.
' Tellers were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
■ Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
celestia p. hartt.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 836) for the relief of Celestia
P. Hartt; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Celestia P. Hartt,
widow of the late naval constructor Samuel T.
Hartt, the sum of $3,000 out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
same to be in full and complete compensation
and satisfaction for the use of a gun-elevating
screw invented by said Samuel T. Hartt, and
which has been used on the iron gun-carriages
of the United States Navy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this bill contains an appropriation and
must receive its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that objection until he hears the report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will reserve the point of
order till the Clerk has read the report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 836) for the relief of Celestia
P. Hartt, have had the same under consideration,
and after examining the papers connected there-
with, beg leave to report:
It appears by the papers that Celestia P. Hartt is
the widow of Samuel T. Hartt, deceased, late a naval
constructor at the Norfolk navy-yard. That in 1854
the said Samuel T. Hartt invented a gun-screw ele-
vator, known as "Hartt's screw elevator," which
was and still is adopted and used by the Govern-
ment. That during his lifetime Mr. Hartt, being in
the Government employ, foreboro to ask any com-
pensation for the use of his invention or to apply
for a patent therefor; that he died leaving his said
widow and four children with very limited means of
support; and she asks from the Government some
compensation for the use by the Government of her
husband's invention.
The value of that invention to the Government is
shown very clearly in the papers submitted to the
committee.
Naval Constructor J. Hanscom, at the Norfolk
navy-yard, says;
"The invention, 1 can say from personal knowl-
edge, is of great value to the Government, and is
now used on all laige naval ordnance; and mther
than be deprived of its use I havo no doubt the Gov-
ernment would not hesitate to recommend its pur-
chase for $10,000 or even $20,000."
Admiral Farragut says:
"I am thoroughly acquainted with the invention
of the elevating screw for great guns by Samuel
Hartt, and have had ample opportuniries of testing
its merits. I consider it the best elevating screw for
certain guns wo have in the service."
The late Bear Admiral A. H. Foote says, in a let-
ter to Mrs. Hartt:
" This screw was placed on board the United States
ship Portsmouth during my cruise in the East Indies
and the China sea. I am happy to be able to state,
as a matter of simple justice, that the Hartt screw
el evator answered the purpose intended most admir-
ably during our cruise. It had the severest of tests,
in the discharge of seven hundred guns loaded with
shells, in our fight with the Canton 'Barrier Ports;'
and I was so much pleased with it, as a substitute for
the old and awkward quoin, that I referred specially
to it m my official roport of the engagement in these
words: 'I am happy to add that the new elevating
screwsof Constructor Hartt, with which her guns are
fitted, stood the severe test of the heavy firing during
the several actions to my entire satisfaction/ I trust
that you may soon succeed in obtaining some mate-
rial aid from the Government for the valuable screw
introduced in to the servieeby youttiate noble-hearted
and highly-gifted husband."
The chief of the Bureau of Ordnance of the Navy
Department, in a letter addressed to the Secretary
of the Navy, said:
" The bureau believes that'Mr. Hartt never received
any compensation whatever for this invention ; and
as the screw has been and is now being used by the
Government it recommends the claim of Mr. Hartt
to the favorable consideration of the Department."
In view of these evidences the committee are of
opinion that simple justice requires that the Govern-
ment should not avail itself of the benefits flowing
from the use of this invention without making com-
pensation therefor, particularly as the death.of the
inventorpreventednisresorting to the only method—
the obtainment of a patent—whereby he could have
made the invention valuable to himself. They there-
fore askleave to report back the bill without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Pike.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] waive his point of
order?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will reserve it till the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
has explained the bill.
Mr. PIKE. I merely wish to state to the
House that this claim was examined during
the last Congress by the Committee on Naval
Affairs of this House, and after a full consid-
eration was reported upon favorably, was passed
by the House, and sent to the Senate. It tailed
in the Senate for want of time for its consider-
ation. The Senate has now passed a bill to
pay this claim and sent it to us for concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I waive the point of order.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill (S. No. 167) granting lands to the State
of Oregon to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary wagon-road from the navigable waters of
Coos bay to Roseburg, in said State.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted upon its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 1881) regulating the reports of na-
tional banking associations ; had agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the disagree-
ing votes ofthe two Houses; and had appointed
Mr. Cattell, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Coxness
the conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 596) granting a pension to Mary A.
Davis, widow of William P. Davis, a private
in the eighteenth regiment of Indiana volunteers
in the war of 1861.
The message farther announced that the Sen-
ate had passed Housebills ofthe following titles,
with amendments, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
An act (H. R. No. 2006) to establish certain
post roads; and
An act (H. R. No. 2009) to authorize the
Secretary of War to place at the disposal of
the National Lincoln Monument Association,
at Springfield, Illinois, damaged and captured
ordnance.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 468) authorizing the Union
Pacific Railway Company, eastern division, to
change its name to the Kansas Pacific Railway
Company.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill and a joint resolution of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
An act (S. No. 863) relating to telegraphic
communication between the United States and
foreign countries; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 339) more efficiently
to protect the fur trade in Alaska.
treatment of union prisoners.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the report and accompanying evi-
dence of the special committee of the House ap-
pointed under resolution of July 10, 1867. touching
the treatment of prisoners of war and Onion citi-
zens held by the confederate authorities during the
recent rebellion, be printed.
surgical history of tiie rebellion.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 217, for print-
ing the Medical and Surgical History of the
Rebellion; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution directs that there be
printed at the Government Printing Office five
thousand copies of the first pgrt of the Med-
ical and Surgical History of the Rebellion,
compiled by the Surgeon General, under the
direction of the Secretary of War; and five
thousand copies of the medical statistics of the
Provost Marshal's Bureau, compiled and to be
completed by Surgeon J. H. Baxter, as au-
thorized by an act of Congress approved July
28, 1866, which also provides that the editions
of both publications thus ordered shall be dis-
posed of as Congress may see fit to direct.
Mr. LAPLIN. This is an old acquaintance.
The proposition to print this report was brought
into this House originally by an appropriation
introduced out of order in an appropriation bill.
Mr. KERR. I see that this is described as
the first volume. How many volumes are
there to be ?
Mr. LAFLIN. At the time this matter wag
introduced I warned the House that before
this work was completed it would cost at least
$500,000; and I say here, on my responsi-
bility as chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, after having made a full investigation of
the whole subject, that I repeat that statement.
And, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say right here
that in spite of the efforts our committee have
been able to give in reducing the expenditures
for public printing at this session of Congress,
as I am informed by the Public Printer, there
has been ordered more printing than at any pre-
vious session. I do think, and I believe the
House will agree with me, that a matter which
promises to involve such a large expenditure,
before it is decided upon, should be referred to
a committee, the Committee on Printing or the
Committee on Military Affairs, as the House
may determine. I will say this much, that
it was referred to the Committee on Printing
in the Senate, and I am sure that I am not
guilty of any breach of etiquette in asking its
reference to that committee in this House.
Mr. MAYNARD. How many volumes are
to be printed ?
Mr. LAPLIN. It will be impossible to tell
how many volumes will be printed. The gen-'
tleman from Maine asks how much it will
cost? I received an estimate from the Sur-
geon General at the time.
Mr. MAYNARD. How much?
Mr. LAFLIN. I forget now. I know that
at the time I made a close calculation, and I
satisfied myself that it would cost $500,000.
I wish the House to bear in mind that the
next Congress will meet on the 4th of March.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the Surgeon Gen-
eral anything to do with the preparation of this
work ?
Mr. LAPLIN. He has.
Mr. MAYNARD. I thought we took it out
of his hands and put it under the charge of
Dr. Baxter.
Mr. LAFLIN. We did not.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Is it to be
printed in the same style with the copies
already printed ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not know how that is.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. How did you
make the calculation?
Mr. LAFLIN. I took the calculation from
the Surgeon General himself. 1 wish to say
that this matter which involves so large an
expenditure should be referred to a committee
