124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
titious importance by being restored to the
ordinary privileges of American citizenship.
But Igave another reason why I was in favor
now of removing these disabilities. Believing
that the danger no longer exists, believing that
this great experiment of a democratic free
government is now moving forward to a suc-
cessful conclusion, I wish to have nothing
whatever to mar the harmony of the system.
For the identical reason that I favor the en-
franchisement of the American, be he black
or white, all over this land ; for the very reason
that I believe in an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States which shall prevent
henceforth the distinction of color being made
applicable to the exercise of the franchise, for
that very reason am I willing now to extend
the franchise to the recent rebel. It is better
that the negro citizen of this land should be
endowed with all the political rights of citi-
zenship than that he should be kept a pariah
closed, as I said in my speech the other day,
deprived of seif-respect and left open to the
assaults of vice, it is better for him, it is
better for the State, it is better for the Repub-
lic ; and for the same reason is it better also
that the class at the South whose capacity of
doing injury is now taken from them should be
restored to the exercise of the ordinary capaci-
ties of American citizenship.
I have but one word more to utter. With
regard to an amendment of the Constitution of
the United States removing the distinctions of
color now existing in diU'erent States of the
Republic I had certainly hoped that my col-
league would he willing to stand side by side
with me in the support of it. I knew that he
had twice in my State voted with me lor a
constitutional amendment there to extend the
franchise to the negro; and I ask what differ-
ence is there between an amendment to the
constitution of my State and an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States for the
purpose of accomplishing the same object?
Aly colleague says he will have no objection
to the amendment or its submission to the peo-
ple of Connecticut if it can be submitted to
them assembled in a convention clected for
that purpose.
Mr. DIXUN. Not that, I have no objection,
bnt that it. ought to be done in that way.
Mr. FERUY. The implication was, at any
rate, that in that mode it would be less objec-
tionable to my colleague, t say to iny col-
league that J will meet him in the State of
Connecticut, before the people of Connecticut
in the election of a convention by the people
ot ( omiecticutfor the very purpose of deciding
on this question ; and 1 believe that that State
will give a greater majority for an amendment
. to the Constitution ot the United States to wipe
out these odious distinctions than she has given
to either political party for the last twenty
years; for the people of Connecticut, variable
and chiuiging as they may have been in poli-
tics during the last twenty years, are yet a
liberty-loving, democratic people. They have
been taught to base the foundations of civil
society upon the very broadest base. They
govern themselves in their town meetings and i
believe in true democracy, and not in that kind !
of Democracy to which my colleague has lately |
allied himself. I think that when the period !
shall come that people will express themselves I
overwhelmingly in favor of the removal pf !
these discriminations, whether it be done byj
an amendment to the constitution of Connecti-
cut or an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, my colleague
says that the people of Connecticut are a lib-
erty-loving people, and that if this question
could be presented to them they would of their
own will and accord amend their own consti-
tution and grant to every citizen of the State
the right of suffrage, if that be so, why not
leave it to the people of Connecticut? Why
must it be said now and hereafter that it was
necessary to use extraneous force upon the
people of' Connecticut for the purpose of ac-
complishing an object which he considers so
desirable? for the Senator knows very well that
by the plan proposed by him suffrage may be
enforced upon Connecticut against her will,
and she may possibly vote against it for that
reason.
Mr. FERRY. I should like to ask my col-
league whether the promulgation to the people
of an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States is an enforcing of legislation
upon the people of any particular State ?
Mr. DIXON. It may not be under all cir-
cumstances, but under certain circumstances
it may be. Suppose Connecticut, for instance,
should vote against it and every other State in
the Union vote for it, I ask, then, if in a certain
sense it would not be enforced upon her?
Mr. FERRY. In no improper sense.
Mr. DIXON. I prefer leaving it to Con-
necticut to decidc for herself; and that was
the substance of Dr. Bacon's letter. He said
lie was in favor of negro suffrage, but preferred
that the negroes should never vote rather than
that negro suffrage should be forced upon Con-
necticut by act of Congress; and you may say
the same thing of an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
But, not to dwell 011 that, I did not desire,
Mr. President, to show the inconsistency of
my colleague. I desired merely to show that
he had advanced to a noble position and to
congratulate him upon that advance, and I did
it in good faith.
There is one word more which I wish to say,
in order to set, myself right on the financial
question; otherwise, perhaps, I might be mis-
understood. I said 1 doubted the possibility
of enforcing or establishing specie payments
by legislation. I do not mean by that to say-
that I shall vote against a bill for that purpose.
I am so anxious to accomplish it that lam pre-
pared to vote for a proper bill for that purpose ;
for the bill of the Senator from Indiana, if it
is amended and somewhat improved, if that is
deemed the best bill, or for the bill of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I consider a restora-
tion of specie payment desirable in every re-
spect, and particularly so for my section of the
country.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to move an
amendment, to the pending resolution. After
the word ''nation" 1 move to insert ''and
agreeing with the President in the sentiment
expressed in his message that 'the national
faith should be sacredly observed.' " I wish
to insert these words for the purpose of show-
ing that the President is not a repudiator, but
that all the departments of this Government
agree in that sentiment.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the amend-
ment just offered by the Senator from Connec-
ticut is not in perfect accordance with the real
sentiment of the message, which it is the object
of the resolution itself to condemn'. I took
occasion yesterday to say a few words as to the
real purpose and intent of the President in the
passage which is embodied in the resolution
now before us, and showed, as I think, that
that intent was plainly one of repudiation. I
think so still, sir; and if the Senate will bear
with me for a moment I will endeavor to make
my proposition perhaps somewhat clearer by
reading the context of the message itself.
It is said that the Executive, in the message
before us, intends only to leave it optional with
the public creditor whether he shall be paid
the amount of his bond in the manner pointed
out by the Executive ; that it is to be a matter
of stipulation between the Government and the
creditor; that the creditor shall consider him-
self paid fully the amount of his obligation by
the application of the semi-annual interest upon
his bond until that application shall extinguish
the principal of the bond as well as the inter-
est. That, to me, is a very singular kind of
option; it is taking the lion's share: no, sir,
it is taking more than the lion's share; it is
taking the whole of the game at one fell swoop,
and leaving nothing for the creditor.
Now, what does President Johnson say in
this message ? 1 call the especial attention of
my friend frotn Connecticut to his language,
in order that he may determine for himself
whether the Executive holds out to the public
creditor an option to be paid in that very sin-
gular manner ; that is to say, he shall have the
option that he shall not be paid at all 1 The
message reads as follows :
" Our national credit should be sacredly observed."
And how is it going to be observed according
to this message ? He proceeds to say :
"It may foe assumed tbattho holders of our securi-
ties have already received upon their bonds a larger
amount than their original investment, measured by
a gold standard."
This is the assumption of the President in his
message; this is the state of facts upon which
he bases his subsequent recommendation, which
I will now read:
"Upon this statement of facts it would seem but
just and equltablethat the six per cent, interest now
paid by the Government should be applied to the
reduction of the .principal in semi-annual install-
ments, which in sixteen years and eight months
would liquidate the entire national debt."
President Johnson says that this would be a
just and equitable adjustment of the public debt
due upon the public bonds of the United States.
"Just and equitable" is the language of the
message. But he proceeds further in a subse-
quent paragraph, and says:
" If provision be made for the payment of the
indebtedness ot the Government in the manner sug-
gested our nation will rapidly recover its wonted
prosperity."
Now, sir, I can draw but one inference from
this language ; and that is, that he recom-
mends the passage of an act of Congress by
which the bonds of the public creditors should
be paid by the semi-annual application of the
interest upon the principal ot the bond until
that principal becomes paid and extinguished.
What other meaning can be given to it? He
had 110 right, as I remarked yesterday, to send
a message to Congress unless it was for the
purpose of giving information to Congress upon
the state of the Union, or of recommending
measures for the action of Congress, in the
language of the Constitution; and here is as
plain a recommendation of a measure to be
passed and perfected by Congress as is to be
found in any message of any President of the
United States, and it goes to the entire ex-
tent of sweeping away at one blow, at one
dash of the legislative pen, the whole bonded
indebtedness of the United States, principal
and interest together. This is what Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, rec-
ommends to be done by the Congress of the
United States ; and I cannot suffer his friends
and advocates here to make their escape from
the odium of this proposition by placing upon
it any gloss or interpretation which neither the
passage nor the context will bear. The Pres-
ident complacently remarks:
"If provision be made for the payment of the in-
debtedness of the Government in the manner sug-
gested our nation will rapidly roeover its wonted
prosperity.''
Well, it would be a most undesirable kind
of prosperity, rather, perhaps, notoriety, for the
Government of a great nation just emerging
from one of the bloodiest wars in the history
of the human race, by which liberty itself has
been saved, to turn around coolly upon its
creditors, who have aided and assisted in achiev-
ing this great triumph, and say to them, " We
are very much obliged to you for the use of
your money, but wc do not choose hereafter
to pay you one cent for it. We are the law-
making power as well as one of the contract-
mg parties ; and we see fit, in the exercise of
our omnipotence as a legislative body, to repu-
diate these loans which, in our distress, we
humbled ourselves almost upon our knees and
begged from the creditors who are now clam-
oring for their pay."
Sir, there is 110 true national prosperity that
can arise from such an act as the President
has seen fit to recommend to Congress. In-
stead of prosperity it would be one of the
deepest of national humiliations; it would be
a disgrace to the American nation which, with
all its indnBtry, all its intelligence, and all its
