1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
money to coin without detriment to the debtor
class of the community, then contracts on a
specie basis should be made innocent and law-
ful, not crimes.
The section proposing a permanent appro-
priation of $140,000,000fortbe payment of the
interest on the public debt, and the excess, in
lieu of the sinking fund, for the gradual reduc-
tion of the principal, is timely, and will be of
great future value. Although the excess at
first may be small, perhaps too small, it will
with every payment made upon the principal
by slow degrees increase in amount, and being
in the nature of a pledge of the public faith, it
is a guarantee against what Hamilton styled
"the fear of annua! change, inconstancy, and
mutability." It would be, i have no doubt, a
strong support to the credit of the Government
and facilitate exchanges of bonds at lower rates
of interest.
A popular form of government has an inhe-
rent tendency to transfer the burden from the
present to' a future day. But here, where the
rate of interest is and must continue to be com-
paratively high, the people will be more bene-
fited and the aggregate wealth will be greater
at a fixed future period by annually somewhat
reducing the debt and consequent taxation,
thereby each year diminishing the burdens and
freeing the energies of the whole people, than
would result from an unceasing demand of
taxes to cover the interest on the whole debt
and with no abatement of the principal. In
other words, the whole community are not so
provident as to be able to make a better use of
motley drawing five per cent, interest semi-
annually than to pay the debt. I have no doubt,
while I would not proceed too rapidly, that it
is for the interest of the people and the honor
of the Government to maintain all the luster
of the past by proving that we are a debt-
paying people.
The section proposing to fund and cancel
United States notes appears eminently proper.
It is undoubtedly the cheapest mode of getting
these notes redeemed and out of the road to an
ultimate resumption of specie payments. They
are the great obstacle which blocks up the way,
and to redeem them with our own bonds at not
less than pat-, bearing only five per cent, in-
terest, is a much more economical method to
pursue than it would be to sell our bonds abroad
at a heavy discount in order to raise the means
in coin for the same purpose. It may be sug-
gested that the advantage of obtaining com
abroad, either by loan or by purchase, consists
in the additional strength it would give to our
ability to maintain specie payments at the mo-
ment of attempting resumption. The obvious
and complete answer to this is that any such
coin loan or contract, no matter where or how
made, would at once turn European exchange
against us to the full extent of such a loan or
contract. The ease in our own money market
and the stringency abroad would send all such
borrowed means back by the swiftest-going
steamer. Whenever resumption takes place
here it cannot prove successful if it be done
at the expanse of a disturbance of foreign ex-
change. Therefore it cannot be doubted that
any plan of ultimate resumption containing the
feature of buying or borrowing foreign coin for
the purpose will prove an element of weakness
fatal in its results.
It is obviously impracticable to raise the
means of retiring the United States notes out-
standing by present or immediate taxation.
That will not be proposed in any quarter, and
to rely upon that is equivalent to an indefinite
postponement of the whole question. If the
rate of interest proposed is low enough, then to
iund these notes in five per cent, bonds is the
simplest and the cheapest mode by which they
ever can be retired.
i here has been an amendment proposed,
reaching to this section, by the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] limiting the amount
of the United States notes which shall be con-
verted to the sum of ยง2,000,000 per month.
This amendment is objectionable on account
of the restricted amount within which conver-
sions would be confined, and also objectionable
from its non-elastic and fixed rate, bfeing
$2,000,000 per month whether the condition
of the money market happens to be favorable
or unfavorable to sach conversions. Now, sir,
all who are observant of the periodical ebb
and flow of money in the great commercial
marts of our country know that in some months
of the year the whole sum allowed by the
amendment to be converted in an entire year
might be retired with more facility, and would
produce less stringency than the conversion
and retirement of one twelfth part of the sum
in some other months of the year. If this
amendment is intended to effect the purpose
of converting $24,000,000 of notes annually,
and no more, it will fail of its object, as there
is sure to occur in about half the months
of the year such a demand for currency that
no surplus will at such periods be available
for the purpose of conversion. So that, if
this amendment were to be adopted, it would
practically limit the amount of notes which
could be converted to a sum probably not
greater than one half of the aggregate sum
proposed. But beyond this, as it seems to me,
there is a very transparent objection to this
amendment. . When we leave the conversion
to be made solely at the option of the holders
of these notes, is it not an objection to say
that the holder shall not do it when he is pre-
pared and ready to do it, but shall wait and do
it only at every full moon, do it if he can when
he is not ready, or that he shall keep his notes
on hand and idle until some month shall arrive
when the law will graciously permit him to
fund his surplus notes? The notes must be
locked up, taken out of circulation, and kept
until (he revolving months bring round the
time when it will be lawful for him to do the
Government a great favor by exchanging them
for United States bonds.
There need be no alarm about a too rapid fund-
ing of these notes. There are two insur-
mountable harriers against that. One is that
the moment when the process shall produce a
scarcity of circulation, that moment funding
would halt and finally cease. The next is,
that as the amount of United States notes shall
be diminished their value will be increased ;
and as the amount of United States bonds
shall be increased their price will be likely to
recede. 'Thus they will in the end approxi-
mate more nearly to an equality of value. If
that point should be fully reached the process
of funding will be terminated, as nothing by it
can bo gained.
The proposition for free banking meets with
my approval, because it will prevent a monop-
oly of banking, which is an evil to be guarded
against: for it is as much an object among
bankers to make the price of money dear as
for the growers of cotton or the manufacturers
of iron to seek an enhancement of prices by a
reduction or monopoly of the quantity to be
offered in the market. I am in favor of it
bccause it will be sure to furnish full and
adequate means to transact the business of the
country, whatever may be its magnitude, and
will of itself practically and properly settle the
mooted question as to how much currency'is
required, ft will be cheap, because so long as
it is safer and anything more can be gained by it
than in other branches of business it will in-
vite an accession to the numbers and strength
of these national banking associations. It will
be safe, for the entire issues of the banks will
have the most substantial security against any
eventual loss. Even in case of failure of any
bank their circulating notes will not depredate,
as only a brief time could elapse before they
would be redeemed through the sale of their
securities lodged with the Government, and
thev would still circulate nearly the same as
beinrc. The premium on gold is not neces-
sary ro remunerative dividends of our national
bailing associations, nor is a low rate of inter-
est y bar to such dividends, as is proven by the
much larger dividends uow made by the joint-
ctock banks of Great Britain.
But I am in favor of introducing free banking
no faster than a sound circulating medium can
be furnished, everywhere equivalent to specie.
With such a circulation I am quite ready to
begin gradually, as it must necessarily be done,
to displace what is called the "greenback"
currency, a currency which no State ever issued
or can issue without the strongest temptations
to abuse. Therefore I shall propose at the
proper time to add to this section of the bill
the proposition to retire, for all notes issued
on the plan of being redeemable in coin, an
equal amount of United States notes. Surely
such an exchange cannot be fairly objected to.
Is it not the object aimed at by all those who
desire the restoration of the energies of our
country, by all who would place our commerce
upon an equality, at par,with that of the world,
and by all who would protect the wages of the
laboring man from being counted in a medium
shorn of any jot or tittle of its purchasing
power? Not believing that " experience is a
cheat and fact a liar," I shall not argue with
those who seem to contend that " a whistle
can be made out of a pig's tail," or that irre-
deemable paper money is better than coin. No
report of any velocipedal traveler to the moon
will be likely to convince the world of the use-
lessness of gold and silver as money. At some
time or other, if we ever rise from the slough
of an exclusive system of a paper money, we
must begin to build up abetter system, such a3
the experience of nations for generations past
has ratified and approved. Is it too soon to au-
thorize, to merely permit, the voluntary change
on the part of the people of the worse for the
better? It can produce no shock,as the United
States notes will not be retired until the new
notes of specie-paying banks have been issued,
and these will at first, at least, come forth slowly.
It may be said that the scheme is impracti-
cable, and will not anywhere be accepted.
Then, certainly, no harm will have been done
But those who so argue forget that the present
amount of national banking currency is very
properly limited to $300,000,000, and that in
many portions of the country national hanks,
though urgently required, cannot be authorized
on account of this limitation. In such places
they would be eager to encounter some diffi-
culties in order to obtain banking privileges.
The encouragement to believe that ere long
all banks might become specie-paying banks
would be a further inducement to organize under
this system. On the Pacific coast, where they
have not intermitted the use of gold coins for a
day, and where it is estimated that $40,000,000,
if not more, are now in circulation, it cannot
be doubted that they would be able, if so
minded, to establish banks whereby $75,000,000
of paper at least could be issued, redeemed,
and sustained at the par of gold. In the South
much greater banking facilities are required,
and there with their great staple, cotton, sell-
ing for twice its ancient price, and at that price
commanding gold, there are no hinderances
which may not easily be overcome in the estab-
lishment of banks which will redeem their cir-
culation in coin. Whoever borrows or obtains
this circulation will have given its value in coin,
and with that the banks can at all times afford
and will be prepared to meet their obligations
in coin or its equivalent. No hardships would
follow, because all contracts with such banks
would be gold contracts, or, if they were not,
they might be reduced to such in computation
and liquidation. In our Atlantic cities a large
amount of business is already transacted on a
gold basis, resting, it is true, entirely upon
mercantile honor for its validity, and it cannot
bo doubted that banks would be speedily estab-
lished with a circulation equivalent to specie.
Severalof the existingbanks are strong enough
in specie to adopt this system at once advan-
tageously and without fear. The presumption
is^ that more or less of specie-paying banks
will be organized if we make any provision for
their organization; and should we make any
advance toward resumption, as itis to be hoped
we may, their numbers would rapidly increase
and multiply. The banks now organized would
also be stimulated to make some preparations
