1866.
TW/.OONiGBESSiOJMI/ GLOM.
•125
boasted virtues, it could not wipe out for four
centuries to come. He remarks, also ;
" The lessons of the past admoriish the lender that
it is not well to be over anxious in exacting from the
borrower rigid compliance with the letter of the
bond."
What does that mean ? Will my honorable
friend from Connecticut tell me what isintended
by that mystic passage? It may be a little
mystic to him. I fancy he will find it such if
lie attempts to explain it. Bat there is no
mystery about it to me. It is a plain admis-
sion that the purpose of this recommendation
is to repudiate and get rid of the public debt
and not perform the public obligation as it is
written on the bond.
Now, I am entirely willing that Mr. Johnson
should enjoy all the credit and all the renown
that is likely to be derived from this recom-
mendation ; and I know of no man in the
United States more deserving of the equivocal
honor of being the parent of that recommend-
ation than the present President of the United
States. I say it, sir, with sorrow and humility.
That is all I have to say in reply to the inter-
pretation which my honorable friend from Con-
necticut has endeavored to place upon the
message.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senator
has called upon me to explain the sentence
which he lias read, which he declares mystical.
I meant to allude to it in the first place. It
seems to rue it throws some light on this ques-
tion. The question now is, it seems, whether
the President intended to recommend a com-
pulsory scheme. The honorable Senator from
Michigan says he did. I do not read it so. If
I thought he did I should entirely dissent from
it. If I supposed that this was a compulsory
plan I should say that the plan was still more
objectionable than I think it to be, although I
have already explained, or attempted to ex-
plain, that it is not by any means what the Sen-
ator declares it to be, actual repudiation of the
entire debt. I have already shown by arith-
metical figures that a long annuity of thirty or
forty years is a better proposition for the cred-
itor than reducing the interest to four per cent,
and finally paying the capital. The Senator
will not deny that. The Senator will not deny
that an annuity of forty years at six per cent,
instead of seventeen or twenty years, is worth
more to the creditor and is more liberal on the
part of the Government than offering a bond,
the capital of which shall be paid at the end,
and four per cent, interest on it during the
time. He knows that very well. He has not
forgotten his arithmetic. He can cipher. All
that it requires to see that is a bare knowledge
of arithmetic. If the President had made such
a proposition, then it would appear plain that
it was to be not compulsory, but optional.
But because it is less favorable for the creditor
than that they therefore say it is compulsory.
That does not follow at all. Because it is an
objectionable proposition, and one which the
bondholder will not accept, it does not follow
that it is intended to be compulsory.
Now, sir, in the first place I think it is not
to be presumed that tho President would offer
to this Congress a proposition for the compul-
sory settlement of the debt in that manner. It
must be plain and apparent and not matter of
reasoning that he intended it to be compulsory,
or you cannot infer it, because he is not the
man, I think, whatever else may be sajd_ of
him, to propose to the Congress of the United
States an act, of compulsory repudiation.
But what does he say ? The Senator refers
to his language. I think his language and the
whole context ought to be referred to; and I
find that in speaking of this very proposition
he says the bondholders may not be averse to
it. What does that mean ? It may be unwise,
it may be foolish, it may even be weak for hiin
to suppose tbat the bondholders may not be
averse to it; but the fact that he says so shows
that that was in his contemplation. He might
have said that the bondholders would not be
averse to an entire relinquishment of their
claim, and he hoped they would have the pa-
triotismto do itc; that would not be repudiation,
Now, he says they may not be averse to it. He
says the. public faith must be preserved, and
then he goes on to suggest a plan which requires
the reasoning powers of the Senator from Mich-
igan to make out as compulsory. I cannot see
that it is a compulsory plan. I do not think
he so intended it; but even as it is, that is a
question of construction. The Senator may
think so ; I may not think so. He may think
worse of Mr. John8on than I do. I may have
that opinion of him -that I wiil Dot believe,
except on his express declaration, thathe would
propose a compulsory scheme of this kind j
but, at any rate, whether compulsory or not,
the resolution being in bare condemnation of
the proposition as a wise scheme, I can unite
with my friend from Michigan in voting that it
is unwise and that I disapprove of it; but in so
doing I do not by any means mean to admit
that I think the President of the United States
intended to propose it as a compulsory scheme.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the recom-
mendation of the President of the United States
to the Congress of the United States is in these
words: referring to the advantages of the loan
by the creditor to the Government, he says:
41 This, in connection with all the other advantages
derived from their investment, would afford to the
public creditors a fair and liberal compensation for
the use of their capital, and with this they should be
Satisfied."
Thus intimating to the Congress ofthe United
States that we should enact such a law as to
compel the creditor to accept the terms he
indicates. He then proceeds to say:
" The lessons of the past admonish the lender that
it is not well to be over anxious in exacting from the
borrower rigid compliance with the letter of the
bond."
This smacks very strongly of a threat to the
bondholder that if he does not accept these
terms Congress will enact such laws as will
compel him to accept them. These terras are
very different from those proposed by the Con-
gress of the United States at the last session.
The Committee on Finance then reported a
bill giving to the bondholder the option of
funding his debt into a long loan at four or
four and a half per cent., giving him a long
period in which he should enjoy that interest,
! provided he would fund his short bond, matur-
ing in fifteen or twenty years, in a long loan.
It was supposed that this long loan would com-
pensate the bondholders to a certain extent
for the relinquishment of their present bonds,
having but a short time to run, at a larger rate
of interest. Consequently, the committee re-
ported a bill giving the option to the bond-,
holder to fund his bond into such a loan if he
desired it; otherwise, he could hold that bond
until it matured and then receive his money.
In this connection it may not be improper to
refer to our citizens who have invested in these
loans. The patriotic people who came forward
at the commencement of this rebellion with
their means to sustain the Government held
real estate and other property that was as good
to them as gold, and some of them, I know,
sold their property in order to enable them to
help the Government. I know of one citizen
who disposed of $100,000 worth of property
that he might assist the Government of the
United States. He invested that money in
the bonds of the United States, and said, ' If
the Government goes down let my bonds go,
but if it is ever able to pay, then I expect it
will pay them in full in gold." He sold real
estate in New York city which has since in-
creased in value from two hundred to three
hundred per cent. The property that he sold
for $100,000 is worth to-day from two hundred
thousand to three hundred thousand dollars.
That property was probably sold to those who
had not faith in the Government of the United
States that it would ever pay this debt, eome
of his friends said to him, " You will never
get a cent of the money that you loan to the
United States Government." Those who had
not faith in the Government, the men who
were not favorable to carrying on the war and
who were o.ppose& to assisting the Government
in that hour of its great need, bought hisreal
estate and have reaped this profit from it; and
now here is a proposition from the President
of the United States to the friends of thS Gov-
ernment, the men who furnished it with the
means to carry on the war for the benefit of
the Army and for the protection of their lives
and property, absolutely to repudiate the eatire
debt.
Sir, there are many other securities which
are paying as large an interest as the preseat
bonds of the United States. The President's
figuring does not appear to be exactly right.
The bonds, on the average, in the United States
that are bearing six per cent, interest are
worth about one hundred and ten at this time.
Gold is now at about thirty-five per cent, pre-
mium. Thirty-three and one thitfd per cent,
would be just eight per cent, per annum upon
the gold. These bonds- at one hundred and
ten would give about seven and three-tenths
per cent  interest in currency. The bonds of
the State of Tennessee are now worth about
sixty-five or sixty-seven in the market. Those
bonds are now paying six per cent, in currency
on their par value. Would the President, who
is a citizen of that State, recommend to the
State of Tennessee such a proposition as this?
Would he say to the citizens there,'" After you
have paid the amount of your bonds in inter-
est you should repudiate the balance?" Those
bonds are paying on the market value about
nine per cent., one and one half per cent, at
least greater than the bonds of the United
States. Many of our citizens have invested in
those bonds. If the President, on returning
to Tennessee, should recommend such a meas-
ure as this in that State, what do you suppose
would be the price of Tennessee bonds in the
market?
Mr. President, if it is necessary to protect
the credit of a State how much greater and
more important is it that we shouldguard and
protect the credit of the United States? If
the credit of a State is above the credit of the
United States, then we may expect the securi-
ties of that State to take precedence of the.
securities of the United_ States and drive them
from the market. It is necessary for us to
maintain, above everything else, the credit of
this nation. If we are to have another rebel-
lion, as we may at some future time, it will be
important for us that we guard the nation's
credit at this time, looking forward to the
future in the expectation that we may call for
loans hereafter. Unless we do this what
guarantee have we for the future of the success
of our arms? I apprehend if it was not the
expectation of those who invested in the United
States bonds that they should receive their
money in gold in the future this rebellion would
never have been put down ; your Union would
have been scattered to the winds, and each
State would be legislating in its own behalf at
this time, and you would be in a state of an-
archy equaled only by that of Mexico.
Such a proposition, emanating from thePres-
ident of the United States, has a tendency to
depreciate the credit of the United States and
to destroy the future prospect of obtaining
money in case of need. It has a tendency to
relieve those people who were enemies to the
Government in time of war from taxes, and
it appeals to the prejudice of that class of
people who were opposed to the war for the
suppression of the rebellion to join with him
in repudiating this debt, that we may lose the
benefits which we have derived in maintaining
the Union. Sir, if we do not maintain the
credit of this nation our efforts have been in
vain ; the efforts of those gallant young men
who went forth to battle and sacrificed their
lives on the altar of our country have been^in
vain. What would they say if they could rise
up before you to-day? They would ask you
if you were going to repudiate the debt which
was contracted to feed them, to clothe them,
! and to support them in their efforts to tnaiii-
j tain this Union. They would say, "Are you
I going to be so picayunish now as to repudiate
j the debt contracted in the glorious cause oi
