1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February" 11,
that the? may have genuine money for the
products they annually send to market. With
the privilege of making contracts on the basis
of specie and with equivalents in specie value
there is no pit-fall into which men of ordinary
sagacity need to fall. Our countrymen are
too wise and watchful not to be left free to
make their own bargains after the policy of the
Government shall have been once proclaimed.
It would seem to be obvious, by permitting
contracts on the basis of coin and by organ-
ising specie-paying banks, that specie and bank
bills convertible into specie would be used in
the conduct of some respectable share of the
business of the country, and to that extent
supercede the present office of irredeemable
paper currency. Much less of such paper will be
required. If it should be objected that there
willbetwo currenciesincirculation, theanswer
would be that there are two currencies now in
circulation, the best being a clandestine one ;
and the only effect will be to augment the best
oneand thus release the coins of our own coun-
try from the degradation of circulating only in
the dark.
And the moment when the bank notes begin
to be redeemed one dollar will almost do the
work of two; by its greater vitality and its
quicker movements it will compensate for the
lackofitspresentbulk. Interest accounts will
also be lessened when borrowers no longer have
to pay interest on seven dollars for the use of
no more than five.
"Whatever reduction of values may take place
will to the same extent reduce the amount of
circulation necessary for the business of the
country, and if the door to free banking is
opened there need be no apprehension that it
will prove insufficient.
On the whole, the terrors of specie resump-
tion will vanish and grow less and less the
nearer it is approached, and especially if il shall
be inaugurated hand in hand with a system
which affords an opportunity for a banking cir-
culation coextensive with the wants and ability
of the country.
I have thus hurriedly reviewed, without much
regard to their order, some of the propositions
which have been submitted to the Senate, with
the purpose of supporting such parts of the re-
port of the Committee on Finance as my judg-
ment approves. It will be seen that I cordially
sustain the policy of funding the United States
bonds at a lower rate of interest; the gradual
retirement of the United States notes ; the legal-
izing of coin contracts ; the organization of
free banking on the basis of a circulation equiva-
lent to specie, andapolicy generally that will not
leave us as far off from a restoration of a sound
currency years hence as we are now. It is
unnecessary to say that I am an implacable foe
to the furtherinflation ofso-called paper money,
as well as to any artful dodging of the i£ spirit
and letter" of our public obligations. The
honor of our people may be Avon or lost here
as well as in the field, and though Senators may
feel that it is somewhat tarnished by the fact
that any allusion to such a contingency can be
justified, yet I am confident that here all will
finally so act as to leave no taint on the public
faith, no scar on the bosom of our country,
and so as to secure the largest measure of
prosperity to the American people in whose
future centers all our love and ail our hopes.
Mr. COUBETT. Mr. President, as I have
offered some amendments to this bill, and have
modified some of those amendments, I ask the
Secretary to read the bill as it will stand if
amended as I propose. I desire to address my
remarks to the bill as thus amended.
£ke ^kief Clerk read the bill as it would read
if the amendments proposed by Mr. Corbett
should be adopted, as follows:
c^ntractmadespecifically payablein coin
l hall be legal and valid and may be enforced accord-
a!?1 anything in the several acts relating
C0nt^ar7 notwithstand-
J,?®; lu v thts section shall not apply to
contracts tor the borrowing of currency or to the
renewal or extension of an indebtedness under a
cuntract already entered into unless such contract
ouginnlly required payment in coin.
Snc. '2. A n>i beit further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated out of the duties derived from imported
goodsthesum of $140,000,00#annually,which, sum dur-
ing each fiscal year shall be applied to th e payment of
theinterestand to the reduction of the principal of the
public debt, and such reduction shall be in lieu of the
sinking fund provided by the fifth section of the act
entitled "An act to authorize the issue of United
States notes, and for the redemption or funding
thereof, and for funding tho floating debt of the
United States," approved February 25,1862.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the holder of
any lawful money of the United States to the amount
of fifty dollars, or any multiple of fifty dollars, may
convert the same into bonds for an equal amount, as
herein provided, under such rules and regulations as
tho Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. And
the Secretary of the Treasuryis hereby authorized to
issue to such holder coupon or registered bonds of the
United States, in such form and of such denomina-
tions, not less than fifty dollars, as he may prescribe,
redecmablein coin at the pleasure of the United States
after ten years, and payable in coin in forty years,
and bearing an annual interest of five per cent., pay-
able semi-annually in com, which said bonds shall
be exempt from taxation in anjrform by or under
State, municipal, or local authority; and the same,
and the interest thereon and the income therefrom,
shall be exempt from the payment of all taxes or
duties to tho United States, other than such income
tax as may be assessed upon other incomes.
Skc. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required to
issue gold notes of the United States, not bearing
interest, payable to bearer on demand, in coin, at tho
Treasury of the United States, in such form and of
such denominations, not less than ten dollars, as h e
may prescribe; and such gold notes shall be receiv-
able for all taxes, duties, or debts, payable to tho
United States 'r and tho Secretary of the Treasury is
also authorized, at his discretion, to apply an amount
of such coin notes, not exceeding the amount of Uni-
ted States notes surrendoredforconveision into bonds
under tho preceding section of this act, to the pur-
chase in the city of New York, by advertising for
propositions for fifteen days in two daily papers in
tho city of New York, for any part of the securities
of the United States bearing six per cent, interest;
and shall accept the lowest responsible bids for the
same, provided any,bids arc accepted; and thereupon
the Secretary of tho Treasury shall cancel an amount
of said United States notes equal to the securities so
purchased; and s<ud coin notes shall also be paid out
for coin li; .hilitic3 of the United States, at tho option
of the creditor; and shall be deemed lawful and the
only lawful money aside from the coin tor the pay-
ment of coin contracts, also for the redemption of
national bank currency as provided in tho act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for circulation
and redemption thereof, approved June 3,1801, ex-
cept as provided in thelast provision in section thirty-
tvro of said act: Provided, however, That the aggre-
gate of coin notes issued under this act, and tho
outstanding gold certificates of deposit, shall not
exceed at any time in circulation the coin and bullion
in tho Treasury of the United States; and such coin
notes shall be paid according to their terms, and may
be reissued from time to time as the exigencies of the
public servieo shall require, and may be held by
banking associations and counted as a part of their
coin rescrvo, and may bo paid out as specie m
i adeeming: their circulation.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That anybanking
association now organized, or that may be liercaiter
organized, uuder tho act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency sccurcd bv a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
i ademption thereof/'approved Juno3,1864,13 hereby
authorized, without respect to tho limitations of&300,-
000,01)0 of circulating notes prescribed by the twenty-
second section of said act, to issue and circulate as
money its notes, not bearing interest, and payable
on demand in coin. And such coin notes shail be
obtained in the mode provided in the said act as to
pthor circulating notes, and shall be paid on demand
in coin instead of in United States notes, and shall
only be issued to the amount of sixty-five per cent,
of the bonds of the United States bearing not less
than five percent.interestin coin, deposited with the
Treasurer of tho United States os security for the re-
demption of said coin notes. No bank shall receive
less than $30,000 of such coin notes; and such banks
and the said coin notes shall be subjcct in all other
respects to the limitations, restrictions, and provis-
ions of said act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That any banking
association now organized, or that may hereafter
organize, under the act entitled 'An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for tho circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 186 i, shall,
in case of liquidation, as provided in section forty-
two, within one year and six months from the time
of the publication of such notice of intention to go
into liquidation, pay over to the Treasurer of the
United States the amount of its outstanding notes in
gold or silver coin,and take up the bondswhich said
association has deposited with the Treasurer for the
security of its circulating notes; and thereafter the
outstanding notes of said association shall be re-
deemed at the_ Treasury of the United States. In
case any association fail to deposit coin as above
provided, the Treasurer of the United States may
then proceed to sell tho bonds of said association for
com, and apply the same to the redemption of its out-
standing notes. If there be a surplus after redemp-
tion of the outstanding notes, and paying expenses
of the same, the residue shall be paid over to said
association. Anything in section forty-two or other
laws of tho United States inconsistent with this act
is hereby repealed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That on the 1st of
July, I860, everf banking association organized, or
that may hereafter organize, under the act named i*i
tho preceding section shall have on hand not less
than six per cent, of its circulation in gold or silver
coin; that on the 1st of January, 1870*, every such
bank shall have on hand not less than nine percent,
of its circulation in gold or silver coin; and on the
1st of July, 1870, every such organization shall have
on hand at least twelve per cent, of its circulation in
gold or silver coin; and on the 1st of January, 1871,
and thereafter, every such organization shall have on
hand at least fifteen per cent, in geld or silver coin,
and shall only have in circulation sixty-five per cent-
of its bonds deposited with the Treasurer of tho
United States; and every such organization shall
thereafter pay coin on demand for its outstanding
circulating notes; failing so to do, the Comptroller
may proceed as now provided by law when such
banking associations now fail to redeem in lawful
money.
Sec, 8. And be it further enacted. That hereafter n©
gold or silver coin shall be sold- by the Treasury of
tho United States, but shall be applied, from time to
time to the liquidation of outstanding obligations as>
they mature.
Mr. COR.BETT. Mr. President, it is with
extreme reluctance that I rise to address the-
Senate upon the financial condition of the
country, nor should I do so did I not feel it in-
cumbent upon me to explain some-amendments ♦
to the bill now before the Senate, which I have
had the honor of submitting ; also, to give my
reasons for supporting those portions of the?
bill reported by the Finance Committee that
commend themselves to my judgment. It is
with the hope that I may add some new light
upon this subject that I now consent to speak.
I therefore trust that we may give this subject
that close attention that it demands. It is now
the uppermost question in the minds of all
thinking men how or when we shall return to
specie payment. I am aware that this subject
is a dry one, but more particularly a dry one
to those who live on their daily and monthly
wages and find at the end of each succeeding
month that their small earnings are entirely
consumed in consequence of the inflated prices-
of everything they consume. This, sir, to
them is a crying evil, and they cry aloud for
relief. In obedience to their supplication, to
common humanity and the interests of our
common country, I propose to discuss this,
question.
We cannot shut our eyes to the evil effects
of our inflated and demoralized currency ; its
ultimate effects upon our working population
in confining the production of their labor to a
home market. The energy of our people is
not to be circumscribed. We are young, en-
terprising, and seek to be the greatest produc-
ing as well as the greatest commercial nation
in the world. We are not satisfied to sit down,
like other inactive, non-progressive countries,
and consume all we produce. We must expand
and control the trade of other countries. Our
present currency is fixed by law; it has no
power of expansion as compared with the cur-
rency of the world, consequently I contend
that it is the worst possible currency; it is a
fixed amount capable of being controlled by
designing speculators, and local in its char-
acter, incapable of being circulated abroad and
incapable of being increased from abroad,
Nothing but an international, a specie currency,
can conduce to our permanent prosperity as a
great commercial nation. Every citizen knows
and feels that the note in his possession iep-
resenting a dollar is not a dollar. There is a
general distrust of the present currency, and
it is only kept in circulation and counted as a
dollar by one citizen forcing an irredeemable
currency upon another and to get his money
into something of real value.
Disguise it as we may, it is not money j it
will not go abroad. Other countries have no
use for our irredeemable paper; it bears no
interest and-has no intrinsic value to them.
Gold is rapidly disappearing from our country.
I find from the examination of the finance re-
port that we exported in specie in the year
1868, over and above our imports in specie,
$80,000,000 in gold. This exceeds the export
of specie for the year 1867 more than $41,000,-
000. This is for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1808. I have another statement, taken
from the Journal of Commerce, New York,
