lsea
THE iflONGRiBSIGJML G1GBE;
wh^cli has grown up under ife Tallow-.great
liberty and even license in pra^igcu'ssibris;and
iu communications in writing with reference
to subjects of a political and financial nature.
I do not understand,the President to. recom-
mend repudiation.^ I do not understand, in
the language ot this- resolution, that his' mes-
sage contains a proposition and a sentiment
as it is called,' fdr ^'proposes to disagree to
the proposition and the sentiments expressed
by the President. I h$ve looked in vain for
any, proposition in the message in reference to
the subject under, consideration. I see no lan-
guage of recommendation. I do riot agree
with the Senator from Oregon and the Sena-
tor irom Michigan that here is a director even
an implied proposition to pay less than the
principal and the interest of the public debt.
The President knew as well as any one how to
make a proposition, and when he designed to
make one he did not fail'to use language to
do so. For example, on page 28 of his mes-
sage lie says:
* I renew the recommendation contained in my
communication to Congress dated the 18th of July
1 ist—a copy of which accompanies this message—that
the judgment of the people should be taken on the
pioprictyot so amending the federal Constitution
that it shall provide/' &c.
Here is a direct recommendation of the
President; but there is no recommendation,
either express or implied, in the passage which
is contained in the resolution under discus-
sion, and there is no proposition in it. Jf there
is no proposition it is only, then, the sentiment
of the President; and is the Senate of the Uni-
ted States called upon to be sentimental? I
consider this resolution a mere abstraction;
and shall we legislate upon abstractions? Let
us rather legislate upon some practical subject.
1 ask. ifthisresolution should pass what would
be its effect? Would it enlighten the public
mind  n reference to the payment of the na-
tional debt and its interest? Would it indicate
the policy of Congress in reference to the pay-
ment of the debt? Is there anything tangible
in this resolution, anything which can alford
to the people any hope of relief from the heavy
burdens of taxation which they are called upon
to boar? 1s there anything to commend it to
the people? Will it indicate to them any mode
or measure of relief? The national debt, as
was stated yesterday by the honorable Senator
iiom Delaware, amounts to $2,500,000,000; but
1 hold in my hand an editorial from a paper
published in this city, the National Intelli-
gencer, which makes the debt, not the national
debt proper, but the debt growing out of the
war, much more than that spoken of by the
Senator from Delaware. In reading this and
the communication referred to in it from a New
York paper i will omit all reflections against
the Congress of the United States, and also
against? viae Secretary of the Treasury. The
article is:
"The true figure as to the national debt is not seen
in the present reported amount of it. It will con-
tinue to inc ease largely if all thelegitimatedemands
upon th 3 United States Treasury are answered.
Considered prospec'iveiy, the debt of the General
Government cannot be put at a dollar less than
$3,000,000,000. As things art-, gold interest on that
bum will amount, in the sort of money that the peo-
ple are now using, to something like $270,000,000.
But State, city, county, and town debts are in reality,
for the uiusr part, of the debt incurred on civil war
account. These are not less than $2,000,000,000. Thus
1 he aggregate of the debt caused by the civil war is
$5,000,000,000. This was doubtless the sum which Mr,
Thaddeus Stevens so often referred to as the t uc
national debt by reason of the war. States, cities,
and towns could not have entered upon any such
usurious and unconscionable contracts as to pay ex-
cessive interest in gold. Estimating the aggregate
amount ot interest in greenbacks at $120,000,000 on
the S2.000.000,000 in State, city, town, and county ob-
ligations on account of the war, the total amount of
interest to be paid by the people yearly in greenbacks
will be nearly four hundred million dollars.
"The people cannot possibly pay this amount
even in lawful currcncy without much suffering,
and at the same time detray the annual expenses for
carrying on governments in the form of national,
State, County, and town. Elsewhere will be found*
among extrae s from the newspaper press, one from
the Philadelphia North American, (Radical,) winch
averts that the v.ew of the President on the subject
of the public '*ei>t must be regarded. The New York
Herald speaks as follows upon this subject:
"*Mr. Johnson's remarks about the necessity of
extinguishing the debt, and that the bondholders
bare received and are-receiving an enormous amount
over, and above what was given for the'bends, are
true enough. No people were ever fleeced as the'
pedple of this country have been by the shameful
manner in which the debt was created.' * *
* 'The debt ought not and need not have
qeen more than a third of what it is.' * * *
■ ' * _ * Still, the public may be oppressed beyond
the limifcof forbearance. The bondholdcrs, Shy lock-
like, m^y, demand tl^e pound of flesh, may ciam^r
for exorbitant immunities'while all the rest of the
community are suffering,tillthepeopleare driven to
look into the'equity of their claims and resort to
repudiation. This, let it be remembered, would be
no new thing in the history of nations. Indeed, it
is hardlyposslbleto point to any nation~th*t harnot
in some- form or other entirely orVpartially repu-
diated its debt. Even England, which is held up as
the paragon of honor, reduced tue interest on its
debt from time to time from six per cent, ormpre to
three and a half and three per cent. The interest
drawn now by our bondholders, as the President re-
marks, is enormous. Reckoning the difference be-
tween gold and currency and the immunity from
taxation the amount of interest is about ten per
cent. But .the national banks make considerably
more than this on their bonds—that is, from fifteen
to seventeen percent.—through the privileges given
to them by Congress. There is no denying the fact
that this is an intamous state of things, contrary to
a just equality of privileges and burdens in the com-
munity, and very oppressive to the industrious
classes.
^ "'How, then, are these first mutteringsof repudia-
tion to be checked? How are wo to pay the debt
equitably and honorably and avoid repudiation?
Not by the exacting demands of the bondholders to
be paid the uttermost cent in specie, according to
their interpretation of the letter or spirit of the
bond, while all other debts and everybody else are
paid in depreciated currency. Not by their demands
to be relieved of a fair share ot the public burdens.
No: the public creditors must share these burdens
with the people, and the interest of the debt must be
reduced. The interest is now far too high, and out
of all proportion to either what was given for the
debt or the value of the capital. Laws are passed in
all countries against usurious interest as one of the
greatestevils to society: yet that oa our debt is most
exorbitant. In a word, it is far too oppressive and
corrupting and dangerous in its influence. Two
thiaprs are necessary, then, to relieve the country
from its heavy burdens, and possibly from repudia-
tion, namely, the lundingof the debt at a low rate
of interot, and the certain and steady liquidation
of the principal.'"
The view of the President, as I understand
it, is practically illustrated as follows :
The United States in account with A. B.
Dr.
1863. To cash paid for one bond of $100, say in
gold  §50 00
To interest for twcnly-oue years  63 00
$m 00
Cr.
1863. By interest for five years, from 18S3 to 1868, in
gold, upon $300 $30 00
By interest for sixteen years, proposed to be
paid  96 00
$126 00
Being thirteen dollars actually paid above the
value in coin given for the bonds,* and if
)Ou calculate the interest of $100 at nine per
cent, for twenty-one years you will have an
over payment of the bond at the end of that
time of seventy-six dollars. This is a prac-
tical application of the principle which the
President has suggested in his message, for I
have considered it merely as a suggestion for
the consideration of Cougress and not as a
proposed measure.
1 prefer greatly to pay the debt, both prin-
cipal and interest; I prefer to pay it all in coin;
and I would prefer if it were funded to pay it
at a particular period with six per cent, inter-
est. I desire that no creditor shall receive
anything less than the principal and interest.
But this is a practical question, and the inquiry
must come home to every Senator how is this
debt to be paid? There is not specie enough
in the country to pay it, and according to the
estimate which I have read from the National
Intelligencer the debt of the General Govern-
ment and the debt of the cities and the towns
growing out of the war amounts to five billion
dollars. Where will you get the specie neces-
sary to pay this debt? Five billions is esti-
mated by some to be the debt; and the Senator
from Delaware told us yesterday that there
were but four billions of coin in the world.
How is it to be paid? Resolutions will not
pay it. .This resolution and its kindred reso-
iutioBS flow lying on tbe table and ready to be
discussed will not provide means or a' remedy
* for. the ^payment of this'debt.' ■ ■
: if know not why .we should be so sensttivcr
upon thm subject when a mere suggestion^
made for our consideration. I do not think
that we have a right,' properly considering the
comity that should exist between tke-difiefeufc
branches of tlie Government, to* pass; either
directly or impliedly, a vote of censure upon:
the Executive simply becausehe submits to^ns
a proposition for our consideration, a sugges-
tion merely. Why, sir, if the President
recommended to ua that the debt should
funded at a less rate of interest there would
have been no proposition to pass a vote of cen-
sure upon him; .but, a& was so eloquently stated
by. the Senator from -Delaware yesterday, the
principle is the same f it is paying less than
you contracted to pay. When the Government
borrowed this money it agreed to pajy interest
at six per cent, in coin. If thatisapart of the
contract how can the Government evade the
payment of six per cent, in coin upon the na-
tional debt? if it funds the debt and pays only
four or four and a half or live per cent., does
that fulfill the letter or the spirit of the con-
tract? It does not. Then it impairs the obli-
gation of the contract. How, then, can it be
said that one mode is to be called repudiation
and another mode which does nof. fulfill the
contract is to be called an honorable mode?
Why, sir, I do not consider that iu any of
these propositions there is anything like dis*
honor or anything like bad faith intended $ but
these are propositions which are submitted to
the consideration of the representatives of the
people and of the States.- ,
Now, what is the legislation of Congress on
this subject—I do not mean upon the subject
of the public debt, but on the subject of repu-
diation ? I propose to read from a portion of
the report of Mr. Spinner, the Treasurer of
the United States, who speaks very plainly.
Speaking of the refusal of the Government to
receive fractional currency above a certain
amount to pay the debts which postmasters owe
to the Government, he says:
" Officers engaged in Government collections, espe-
cially those connccted with th© Post Office Depart-
ment, suffer in consequence. Postmajpters are by law
compelled to receive these Government tokens in
payment for postage stamps, and are then immedi-
ately liable to the Government for the nmountsof
such sales in good money. Hut the Government that
sold these tokens at par for their face value or paid
them as money to it-? creditors now turns round and
refuses to receivethem back in paymentfrom itsown
oflicers, who were by law compelled to receive them
on account of the Government. Postmasters who
were so obliged to receive these tokens have offered
them by the bagfull in payment of their post office
receipts at the counter of t'le Treasury and have
been compelled to carry them home again, because
the Treasury cannot recciveoversixty centsin thrce-
eent pieces, nor over four cents in one or two-eemi
pieces in any one payment. Was there ever an act
ot the Government of a respect,ible people that, tor
meanness, can compare with this? An individual
that would practice stich a confidence game would
be branded as a two-penny tiuof, and would soon ba
consigned to a house of correction. A Government
that practices such frauds upon the people cannot
hope Jong to retain the respect ot anybody. It has
been intimated, and there are those that are un-
charitable enough to believe the story, that the
ownership of an unprofitable nickel minehad some-
thing to do in influencing the passage of these
*speedy-return-to-fepecie-paymcnt' laws.
*'A Government that has the meanness to openly
repudiate the payment or redemption of its one and
two cent issues will soon be suspected ot being none
too good to repudiate payment of the larger obliga-
tions of the nation. He that is uot faithful iu smaH
tuiugs will scarcely be trusted in largo odos. Con-
gress can prevent this danger and save the reputa-
tion of the Government only by making immediate
provision for the prompt redemption of these, its
smallest, obligations in lawful money."
That is the language of the Treasurer of the
United States, in which he charges direct re-
pudiation upon the legislation of Congress;
but 1 am confident that it never was the inten-
tion of Congress to repudiate in any improper
sense. It only shows the different construc-
tions placed upon this word "repudiation."
I do not believe that the President of the Uni-
ted States ever designed to intimate anything
that was unfair or dishonorable. It was only
a suggestion, which, of course, must receive
the sanction of the creditors before it can "be
effective, whether they should be'paid in six-
