1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
from the 1st of January, 1868, up to the 1st
of January, 1800, which shows- the amount
received to be—
From foreign ports  87,085,389
lteceivcd irom California 34,107,513
Making received  41,192,902
Amount exported  70,841,599
Making a loss to the country in one year of $29,648,697
•Add to this the amount exported to China
from California, and it will show a still larger
lof,s, and nearly the same result in the continued
.export, as reported by the Secretary of the
Treasury up to June 30.
Gold still continues to be cheaper than any-
thing else to export unless it may be our Gov-
ernment bonds, the exportation of which is
nearly as injurious. As to the validity of the
legal-tender act creating that currency, can
any Senator say that the Government in time
of peace has a right to make its notes, draw-
ing no interest and not fundable into interest-
bearing securities, and which it is not prepared
to redeem in coin, a legal tender? If it has
not that power, whence arises the power? We
must concede it is only under the imperious
necessity of war. A war measure, as you take
a man's property when you must have it to
save the nation and give him a voucher for it,
which is to be paid on its presentation. So is
the legal-tender note in the form of a voucher,
to be paid on presentation as soon as peace
was restored, or funded into interest-bearing
vouchers or bonds, as we term them. It is
your duty now to provide for the redemption
ot the notes which you issued under the pres-
sure of war. If you cannot redeem them in
coin at once, it is your duty to give the people
something equivalent to money, something
which the people can dispose of dollar for dol-
lar. If it be not money, then give them a bond,
as you promised^ bearing interest, that will
produce them something for the use of their
money until we can pay it. The true elastic
currency is the currency that flows like the ebb
and flow of the ocean, according to the laws
of nature. Gold and silver is the only cur-
rency that ebbs and flows according to the laws
of trade and commerce of the world.
Make a need or demand for coin and it will
flow toward us. On the other hand, we can
pursue such a course as will drive this currency
of the world from us. I do not hesitate to say
that we have been pursuing and are still con-
tinuing a course that will ultimately demoralize
our entire financial system.
An all-wise Providence placed within our
hands such gold and silver mines as perhaps
the world never saw. It has served one of the
great purposes for which it was given us. It
has carried us through one of the most trying
ordeals that a nation ever experienced. It
enabled us by the constant supply it afforded to
pledge the faith of the Government that every
dollar of debt contracted in the preservation of
this Union should be sacred as the memory of
those who sacrificed their lives and shed their
blood on the altar of their country. But let us
not waste these means given us.
We have now reached a time in our country's
history when we must look about us and survey
our position. Are we prepared to say that we
are independent of all other countries; that we
will not enter competition for the trade of the
world ? I think not. And yet this is just what
we are doing. We are setting up ourselves
against the -whole world, in refusing to make
gold and silver the standard, as it was before
the war. We practically say, "You cannothave
anything we produce, unless you pay us $1 30
for what is worth one dollar in other countries."
We all know how difficult it is to induce
a man to sell a piece of property that cost
him §130,000 in what he counted dollars, for
$100,000 such .money as other countries count
dollars. This feeling exists with the farmer,
the manufacturers, and those engaged in com-
merce, and nothing can remedy it until you
return to specie payment. You may stimulate
trade for a little time, by a fresh issue of irre-
deemable paper. It goes to the country; it is
plenty as rags, and finally it approaches the
purchasing power of rags, and you lastly have
irredeemable rags for legal tender. It is nothing
more, as long as the Government cannot pay
a gold dollar for its non-interest-bearing paper.
There might be some sense in making legal
tender a bond of the Government, bearing live
or six per cent, in gold, but no justice or sense
in making a piece of paper legal tender which
you now refuse to fund into an interest-bearing
security, or to redeem it in dollars, as you
promised. There was some justice and equity
as long as you allowed the people to fund these
non-interest-bearing notes into United States
bonds; denying this, it is in the nature of a
forced loan from the poorer classes of the
people, and they are obliged to accept this for
their labor, and pay it out at the depreciated
value for everything they consume.
Mr. President, it is time we awaken to the
great issue before us. We must meet the con-
tingency. We must redeem our paper. We
must awake from the common illusion that
irredeemable paper is money. Nothing has
a value except it represents something real.
People do not live on faith alone. A dollar
note is not a dollar unless it represents a dol-
lar in gold, or a dollar bearing interest, or a
bushel of wheat or something really useful and
productive, or that we can send abroad and
find for it a market. As long as the people
acquiesce and submit to this, all goes well, but
the day will come, Mr. President, if we do not
take time by the forelock, when the people
will say, "We have waited long and patiently
for our money. We ask for money, you give
us rags. We ask for bread, you have given us a
stone. Wre have tried you long and patiently.
1 Depart ye unfaithful servants.'"
If wc do not take steps to return to specie
payment where will be your boasted com-
merce? The trade of other countries will go
into other hands, and your commerce will be
swept from the ocean, notwithstanding our
boasted position to command the trade of the
world. YVe cannot secure the prize without
exertions, but with a firm foundation to work
upon, this young and vigorous nation will
spring, as it were, into new life. She will feel
the impetus in every harbor, in every river,
lake, canal, railroad, and telegraph. We
may at times feel some temporary effects from
overtrading, but not as much as we appre-
hend. Our country is growing rapidly and
will soon overtake any temporary check. Then,
being upon a sound basis, she will jump for-
ward with redoubled energy, and will feel the
throb in every artery of a great, prosperous,
and happy country.
The bill now before us is probably the most
important of any that will engage the attention
of the Senate this present session. Prompt
action ought to be taken upon it. To the first
section I agree, with one exception. I pro-
pose to strike out the word "hereafter." I
think the section should apply to any coin con-
tracts now existing if there is any doubt of
their validity. Where contracts have been
entered into and purchases have been made
for coin there is no reason why such should
not be made valid. To section two I wholly
agree. To section three I heartily agree, be-
lieving every laboring man has a right to make
his greenback note as good as gold by funding
it into an interest-bearing bond so long as
Government refuses to give him gold for its
past-due note. This gives the poor man orthe
holder of legal tenders the privilege to ex-
change them for bonds or the privilege to keep
ttem. To section four I also agree, with
slight amendments—to compel the Secretary
of the Treasury to advertise for these bonds
instead of entering the open market and pur-
chasing them secretly. My amendment, if
adopted, will give all an opportunity to bid,
and those offering to sell for the lowest prices
will receive the money for their bonds. The
provision that the gold notes and gold certifi-
cates shall not exceed the coin and bullion in
tlxe Treasury is a wise one. It practically puts
in circulation just the amount of coin without
actually drawing it from the Treasury. Every
man knows then that with one of these gold
notes he can draw gold itself as he requires it.
These coin notes should also be made valid
as between parties making coin contracts..
To section five I am fully committed, as will
be seen from my speech of March 11, 186S. I
cannot better express myself than I then did,
in which I said:
"What is for the public good which we all so muoh
desire? Is it to issue our notes without regard to the
amount of moneyed income and money on hand to
meet such obligations ? If that expansion must con-
tinue or kept at its present point I am in favor of
such expansion through the increased number of
banks in the West, and a contraction of the legal
tender to an extent that Government can resume
specie payments. In that event banks should not be
allowed to issue to exceed sixty per cent, of their
capital secured upon five per cent. United States
bonds. This would make them cautious, and compel
them to keep their business in a snug, healthy con-
dition ; and if they should fail, Government, with
their bonds in hand, would always be ready to redeem
them. This would require a larger amount of bonds
at home, and have a tendency to keep up the price;
and if Government will so reduce the legal tenders
as to enable us to resume specie payment I, for one.
am ready to grant to the bank circulation sufficient
to make up the difference under the safeguard pro-
posed. But I consider it of the first and chief im-
portance for our Government to resume specie pay-
ment, and let the banks do so when confidence is
once more restored and specie is let loose from its
moorings and becomes more abundant."
This section (five) provides that any banking
association now organized, or that may organ-
ize, by depositing with the Treasurer bonds of
the United Stales, he can receive sixty-five per
cent, of the face of said bonds in currency,
which currency shall at all times be paid in
coin by said bank. It will be seen that this
section is permissive, and leaves it optional
with the present organized banking associations
whether they will accept this provision. To
meet this contingency I have prepared and
offered as an amendment section seven, by
which we compel these banks now in existence
to retain in their treasury at least the interest
paid them semi-annually by the Government,
as detailed by the section itself. They must
also provide themselves for their own safety
with as much more as may be prudent for them
to resume specie payment on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1871, or give way for those that will.
This provision gives them plenty of time to
prepare for the important change. With their
circulation so well distributed, and the increased
amount of bonds as security, no great pressure
need be apprehended. It gives all classes fair
notice to prudently arrange their business ac-
cordingly. It will tend to prevent excess of
importation, and to an increased exportation
of everything but gold.
To this some of our friends will inquire, will
not this make a demand for gold and cause it
to advance in price? To this my answer is
that it will not to the extent that might be ap-
prehended, as by issuing the coin notes, dol-
lar for dollar, for the amount of gold in the
Treasury, would furnish a supply for the banks,
as I provide by my amendment to section four
that such coin notes may be held by said bank-
ing association and counted as so much coin.
If this does not furnish a supply there will be
a home demand for gold and the price will ad-
vance, and we shall send something out of our
country that is cheaper than gold. This will
cause the gold produced in our country to be
retained and form our basis of redeeming our
bank currency. Until gold does advance it
cannot be retained in the country.
Without my amendment, as proposed by sec-
tion seven, I do not see how section five of
this bill can become operative, as by the pro-
vision of the present banking law, as I under-
stand it, each national bank must receive the
notes of other national banks; consequently,
unless the old banking associations are com-
pelled to adapt themselves to this new provis-
ion in sections five and seven no new ones can
organize. As they cannot afford to take the
bills of banks that, are not on the same specie
basis as themselves therefore they could not
afford to organize under section five.
The clause of the thirty-second scetiou of the
