X832
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
March 3,
yon shall not pay them before they become due
unless a bond bearing a lower rate" f interest
ean be sold at par in coin, or unless thernotes
of the United States shall then be convertible
into coin; but the first pledge, as it strikes me,
pledges the good faith of the Government at
once to redeem these obligations in coin, all
that are due. Are these Treasury notes due?
Mr. SHERMAN. No bonds are due and
payable until 1882.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But are not Treasury
notes payable on demand?
Mr. SHERMAN. There are no Treasury
notes on demand now.
Mr. I>OOLlTTLE. Are not the legal tenders
payable on'demand?
JIi". SHERMAN. The pledge is to pay them
in eoin.
Mr: DOOLITTLE. I may be mistaken, as
I have not had opportunity to examine it,
but as I heard the report read, it seems to me
there is a provison there very much like pledg-
ing the good faith of the Government to pay
those notes in coin if they are due. They are
obligations of the Government certainly. It
pledges the payment of all obligations in coin ;
true, it contains a proviso that you shall not
pay them before they are due, unless a bond
bearing a lower rate of interest shall command
par in coin or unless specie payments shall
have been resumed.
Mr. President, whatever may have been the
purpose or the policy intended, the fact was
that when we sold the bonds we depreciated
the currency in order to sell them ; and now
the substance of this proposition is that we
shall contract the currency and appreciate the
currency when we come to pay them. We de-
preciate the currency to make bonds cheap
when we sell them ; we appreciate the currency
to make bonds dear when you come to pay
them. And in whose interest is this? In the
interest of the bondholuer; in their interest
when we sold our bonds, and now again to be
in their interest when we come to pay them.
Mr. President, as I said the other night,
Congress is no party to these bonds, although
it may be there are many members of Congress
who are bondholders. It seems to me if 1 had
§100,000 in bonds of the United States in my
pocket and were called upon to vote on this
question I should feel that I was voting in my
interest, I should feel that I was voting to put
money in my pocket, and I do not see how
any person can look upon the effect of this
measure in any other light than that it is to
increase the value of the five-twenty bonds.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with what the
Senator says, but how is it with the greenbacks?
The Senator has some greenbacks, if he votes
for this bill now he votes to make the green-
back equal to a gold dollar.
Mr. DOOLll'TLE. 1 hold that Congress
is to act, not as a party to this contract nor as
having any interest in it, but Congress is to
act in the position of a judge to decide between
the bondholders and the bondpayers, between
those who pay the taxes and those who receive
them ; for Congress represents both an d should
look to the rights ol' both and not legislate in
the interest of one at the expense of the other.
I shall not take another moment of tbetime
of the Senate, but I hope that the majority here
who control the business will not press to
a vote this measure, when, as it seems to me,
it can in no human probability result in any
practical legislation; for, as I suggested, there
is not time to present this bill with the appro-
priation bills to the President and give the
President an opportunity so much as to read
it, much less to form a judgment upon it and
approve it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Wisconsin has announced, as by author-
ity, that this measure will not receive the sig-
nature of the President. I desire to say that it
is of no sort of consequence; I do not think it
will add anything to the credit of the measure
either in the Senate or with the American
people whether his signature is obtained to it
or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
in stating that I have announced by authority
that this bill will not receive the signature of
the President is entirely mistaken. I have not
made any such announcement by authority,
nor am I authorized to make it. What I stated
was that with the appropriation bills all yet be-
hind there will be no opportunity given to the
President to examine this measure to give to
it his approval.
Mr. CORBETT. It has been said that this
measure is in the interest of foreign bondhold-
ers. There were two kinds of bonds in this
country, Mr. President, during the rebellion.
There were the southern bonds, bonds issued
by the confederate government, and those issued
by the Union. They were both pledged to be
paid in gold coin of the United States, and were
introduced into the foreign markets, principally
at Frankfort. The confederate bonds were
being sold under a pledge to be paid in coin.
Our agents went to Frankfort and pledged the
faith of our Government that our bonds should
be paid in coin. Those who purchased took
the chances. The friends of the Union took
the bonds of the United States Government.
The question is whether we shall stand by those
people and pay them as we agreed to pay.
Those who took the chances of the confederate
bonds bought bonds which are worth nothing.
The friends of the Union will be sustained;
the friends of the rebel government will not be
sustained. That is the question.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I was a
member of the committee of conference, but I
could not sign this report for the reason that
it would commit me to a construction of the
law and the contract in regard to the five-
twenty bonds from which I have always dis-
sented. I believe that under the law the Gov-
ernment had as much right to pay those bonds
in legal-tender notes as it has to pay any other
debt, and that this declaration is substantially
a change of the contract, and it is committing
the Government to-a payment in coin which
is not required by the original contract. There-
fore I cannot and will not vote for it.
But, Mr. President, this report contains one
important statement which I would be very
glad to vote for if I could do so without voting
for the rest of it. It is, "and the United
States also solemnly pledges its faith to make
provision at the earliest practicable period for
the redemption of the United States notes in
coin." This I regard as a very important
statement upon the part of the conference com-
mittee. It prescribes the way by which the
Government shall return to specie payments,
and the Government solemnly pledges its faith
that it will make provision at the earliest prac-
ticable period for the redemption of the green-
back currency in coin. The Senator from Ver-
mont a little while ago asked a question of the
chairman of the committee whether this would
interfere with the funding of these notes. I
say unquestionably it will. If these notes can
be funded and disposed of in that way after
the passage of this bill it would be a direct
violation of the solemn pledge that is here
given. What is the pledge that is given ? It
is a pledge given to the whole country that the
Government will make provision at the earliest
practicable moment not to fund these notes,
not to return to the old policy of contraction,
which has been condemned most solemnly by
Congress, but that it will make provision to
redeem these notes in coin. If this pledge is
treated as a nullity before it has even been
passed we need not place much importance
upon it hereafter.
But, sir, here is the faith of the Government
pledged to take immediate steps at the earliest
practicable moment to redeem these notes in
coin. That is a principle that I have had much
at heart, and I shall be glad to see it incorpo-
rated in this report, although it contains other
things that I cannot agree to. If this part of
the report shall be carried out in good faith it
will go far to relieve the evil consequences of
the rest of it; but if it is to be trampled upon
from the beginning, to be treated as a nullity
before it is passed, then, of course, it amounts
to nothing; if is a mere delusion. The.chair-
man of the committee says that it would not!
be a violation if the holders of the notes con-)
sent to the funding. That is not the question.
The holders of the bonds are not alone inter-
ested. It is^the policy of tjheeountry that we
are talking abo~ut.*""OT course,'lfwe allow men
to fund these notes in ten-forty bonds or five-
twenty bonds they will do it. We can make it
their interest to do so, so that the last one of
them will be funded, resulting in contraction,
resulting in almost the destruction of the inter-
ests of this country. But let it be understood
that this commits the Government to a differ-
ent policy, not to return to specie payments by
funding the notes, not to return to specie pay-
ments by contraction, but to return to specie
payments by preparing to redeem these notes
m coin according to the contract. Sir, that is
the starting point, and this pledge, if carried
out in good faith, will do more to strengthen
the credit of the Government, in the language
of the original title of this bill, than all the
rest of it. That is valuable. I regard the rest
of it as pernicious and false in its principle as
in the fact. I should be glad to vote for that
if I could take it by itself; but as I cannot I
must vote against the entire report, because it
commits me to a construction of the law that
I believe to be violent, that cannot be sustained
by the ordinary rules of construction. It is '>
in substance making a new contract, for which
there is no necessity and, in my humble judg-
ment, there is no excuse.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, notwith-
standing this bill has been denounced as a piece )
of damnable legislation I suppose I am par-
ticularly responsible for this report, for it was
only by agreeing with one member of the com-
mittee as to one part and with another mem-
ber as to another part of the bill that we were
able to agree at all and make this report. In
my judgment it is a necessary and desirable
piece of legislation ; and if I have not mis-
judged the expression of public opinion it is a
piece of legislation that is demanded by the peo-
ple of this country, and they would be grievously
disappointed if this Congress should adjourn
without some such legislation ; and I was un-
willing because the other members of the com-
mittee could not agree with me as to details
to defeat this great and salutary measure.
Now, it is said by the Senator from Indiana—
and his objection goes upon thatground—that it
changes the contract the Government made
with the bondholder at the time the bonds
were issued. I have misunderstood the hon-
orable Senator heretofore if his position at this
time is altogether correct on that subject. I
have understood the Senator to hold to the
d#ctrine that it was the duty of the Government
to resumespecie paymentsand make theTreas- "
ury notes equal in value to gold before these
bonds should be paid, because in his judgment
the spirit of the contract, at any rate required
the resumption of specie payments before the
bonds could be rightfully paid.
Now, the simple question is as to this part
of the bill, did the people of the country expect
when these bonds were issued, did those who
supported the Government during the rebel-
lion and the men who gave their money to the
Government and took these bonds—did they
expect that'they would be paid in depreciated
paper? Was it the general expectation of the
country that these bonds would be canceled
by promises of the Government depreciated in <
value, or was it the general understanding that ■'
they would be paid in gold or its equivalent?
Suppose you admit, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that they are payable in Treasury notes,
then the other conclusion necessarily follows
that these notes, when payment was to be
made, were to be worth their face in gold.
That was the general opinion on the subject at
the time the bonds were issued, and it is for
the purpose of carrying out that understanding *
in good faith that this bill is enacted, and I do
not understand that in any respect it changes J
the nature or even the form of the contract, j
