1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February II,
national currency act to which I refer is as
folio ws: •
, "And provided further. That every association
formed or existing under the provisions of this act
shall take and receive at par, for any debt or liability
to "said association, any and all notes or bills issued
by apy association existing under and by virtue of
tjii$ act."
I also provide in section six that if any
organization desires to go into liquidation, to
escape its just share of the burden of returning
to specie payment, that such organization must
pay into the Treasury, within eighteen months
ftom the nofjice given that it is going into liquid-
ation, the amount of its-outstanding notes in
(join, and thereafter the Treasury of the United
States shall redeem the same. This will be
complained of as a stringent measure by those
Who desire to escape the burden of returning
fo. specie payment. They would like to have
you leave this loop-hole for them ; leave the
bars down, so when they have consumed all
the fresh grass and become fat that they may
step out and leave the dry husks for those that
may come after theaa. Our banking friend
from New Jersey [Mr. Cattell] may perhaps
object to this, because he will say it is contrary
to Scripture, which reads something as fol-
lows,:- ■
"Ha that hath, to him shall bo eivep, and he that
hath not, from him shall be taken even that which
he hath." .
I hold in my hand a list of twenty-seven
ilational' banks situated in New York city,
clipped from the Evening Post. I find that
they have declared a dividend as follows:
seven deelare a dividend of four per cent, for
six months, ending December 31, 1868, or
eight per cent, per annum free from all tax ;
thirteen pay a dividend of five per cent., or ten
per cent, per annum ; three pay a dividend of
six per cent, or twelve per cent, per annum ;
orie pays a dividend of seven per cent., or
fourteen per cent, per annum; three pay a
dividend of eight per cent., or sixteen per
cent, per annum; all, so far as I can learn,
free, from all tax. Who can better aft'ord to
assist in returning to specie payment than these
banks? They doubtless all have a very large
surplus, and should be compelled to provide
themselves with a sufficient sum of gold to en-
able them to return to specie payment instead
of doing as they now do. As soon as they get
their gold from the Government on their Gov-
ernment bonds they sell it in the market for
the, highest price they can get, instead of hold-
ing it in'their vaults to assist them at a future
day to resume specie payment, and we cannot
expect them to hold their gold for this purpose
until %ve compel them so to do by law.
'.By examination of the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency we find the number
of banks organized (1865) with a capital of
$426,189,113, of which the.y have in bonds on
deposit with the Treasury $342,019,950. On
this they haye circulation issue of $300,915,168.
Upon this -the Government has paid interest
of about twenty million dollars in gold annually
for the past three years; or, since the close of
the war, an aggregate amount of over sixty
million dollars in interest. Add that to the
amount held by the banks, of $44,801,497, in
October, 1864, and these banks would have
had over one hundred million dollars in gold,
whereas they ODly hold now about twelve
million dollars. Why did not these banks
retain their gold ? 1'or the very reason that
your law did not require them to keep any
reserve of gold they have sold it for a large
price and divided the profits. Section eight,
which I propose, is to prevent the sale of coin
hereafter by the Treasury. This will remedy
an evil, in my judgment, which has long ex-
isted in the Government by selling its surplus
gold. ■ If it had been retained and only paid
out fo meet maturing obligations our credit
would have stood higher, and the Government
would not have been the great hinderance m
keeping gold from flowing toward this coun-
try when the price would demand an importa-
tion of it. The system pursued by the Gov-
ernment in throwing gold upon the market
whenever the price rose above a certain" price
has been hurtful to a degree beyond calcula-
tion, as it did not let gold assume its standard
or relative value with other commodities. There
would have been some sense in the Govern-
ment receiving wheat, cotton, and the other
products of the country for taxes ; and when-
ever the price of it was so high that it could
not be exported, by throwing them upon the
market it could have brought it down to a price
at which it could have been exported in place
of gold. I select these articles for purposes
of illustration; the same rule applies to any
manufactured articles, andyetthe Government
has pursued this policy which was to bear down
the price of gold and encourage its exportation,
Now, Mr. President, yoa have never heard
our people of the Pacific,' the gold-producing
portion of the country, complain of your keep-
ing down the price of our products of gold by
Government throwing a quantity upon the mar-
ket, thereby compelling us to sell it for less
than what it is worth, according to the price of
other commodities. But what would the wheat-
growers say if Government should pursue Ihe
same coarse as to their product ? 1 do not speak
of this as a matter of complaint, but regret that
Government should have made such a mistake.
We are willing even to bear this unjust disciimi-
nation against the products of that portion of
the country, if it tended to bring this portion
of the Union back to a sound, healthy condi-
tion, but its tendency has a contrary effect.
It is driving all the bullion and specie out of
the country to Europe and to China. We ask
your candid consideration of this measure. We
are further from specie payment than a year
ago. Stop the sale of gold by the Treasury,
and let it seek its level like all other products
of the country without interference lay Gov-
ernment to bear it down or force it up ; let it
assume its proper function. The world has
chosen the precious metals as the standard, and
I think we cannot revolutionize the world in
this respect. Specie will most likely remain
our standard whatever other theories we may
present. We may keep down the price for a
time by unnatural appliances, but eventually,
like water, it will find its level. We may throw
up embankments and stay the flood for a time,
but if it continue long it is sure to permeate the
earth and rise to its level. Let gold rise, let it
flow freely into our country, and fill the vacuum
created by our unnatural currency. We shall
then soon be upon the specie or commercial
level with other countries. I hope, Mr. Presi-
dent, that these amendments may be adopted,
and^ that the bill may pass, believing as I do
the importance of the measure.
Mr. Morton obtained the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. As the Senator from Indiana
does not care about going on now, I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. A recess has been or-
dered.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, I move that we take
a recess. That is the same thing.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Indi-
ana does not wish to go on, there is a little bill
which I should like to call up.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to call up one,
too.
Mr. HOWE. Ishould like to call up .several.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that the bill before
us be postponed until to-morrow morning.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the pending
measure be passed over—informally if you
please, I do not wish to displace it—and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill Sfo. 228. It is important that it
should be acted upon this week. It will take
only a minute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if
the Senator from Indiana does not feel like
going on this afternoon, to let the bill stand
over informally, so that it shall not lose its
place.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I move, then,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 228.
Mr. DRAKE. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. A bill for the further secur-
ity of equal rights in the District of Columbia.
I will make one minute's explanation, and then
the Senate will see that it ought to be passed.
This is a bill which has already twice passed
both Houses of Congress, but immediately
before recesses, and it has fallen therefore
from the President failing to return it with his
veto, and from the unsettled condition of the
practice or of the law on such cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
gan in the chair.) It requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the bill at
this time.
Mr. DRAKE. I appeal to the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts on, behalf of a
poor and, most worthy woman
Mr. SUMNER. Why should the Senator
make that appeal to me ? I appeal oa behalf
of all the colored people in this District, who
request the passage of this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Whether the objection
should be made or not depends perhaps upon
this which I should like toinquire: has notthis
bill not only passed twice, I think three times,
but has it not become a law certainly once ?
Mr. SUMNER, It has not; that is, it has
not found a place in the statute-book, and the
courts have declined to recognize it as a-law ;
and under the circumstances it has seemed to
me the best and the shortest way for Congress
to pass it again, so as to remove all doubt on
the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
out of order. Is there any objection to the
present consideration of the bill ? The Chair
hears none.
equal rights in the district.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 228) for
the better security of equal rights in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It proposes to repeal the
word " white" wherever it occurs in the laws
relating to the District of Columbia or in the
charter or ordinances of the cities of Wash-
ington or Georgetown and operates as a lim-
itation on the right of any elector of the District
or of either of the cities to hold any office or
to be selected and to serve as a juror, and it is
to be unlawful for any person or officer to
enforce or attempt to enforce that limitation
after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
elections in washington and idaiio.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
810. It will only take a minute to pass it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it understood in the
Senate that all this is done by general consent
and will not displace the regular order of busi-
ness? I suppose that is the understanding?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill men-
tioned by the Senator from Oregon.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 810) to regulate elections
in Washington and Idaho Territories. It pro-
vides that elections in the Territories of Wash-
ington and Idaho for Delegates to the House
of Representatives of the Forty-Second Con-
gress shall be held on the first Monday of
June, 1870, and afterward biennially on the
first Monday of June; and such officers in
those Territories as are now elected at the same
time with their Delegates are to be elected for
offices thereafter to be filled at the times herein
specified unless otherwise provided by the laws
of the Territory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
celestia p. iiartt.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senate to take up
and consider the bill (S. No. 836) for the re-
lief of Celestia P. Hartt.
