1868.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL OLO;
resolution No. 36, -which it was the under-
standing yesterday should be taken up.
Mr. HOWE. I must object to that if the
motion is to be pressed now. I wish to say to
the Senate that several days ago a little claim
was taken up for consideration by' the Senate
and is still the pending orderi it having been
laid aside informally, and it is of great import-
ance to the Committee on Claims that the
principles involved in that bill should be set-
tled. We have other claims pending involving
the same principle. If the law is settled, as
it is insisted by some it ought to be, we can
dispose of a great deal of business on the Cal-
endar. Unless the Senate will settle that
principle we must entertain these cases and
we must investigate them, and we have not
time to do any fancy work. The time of the
■Senate necessary to settle this question must
be expended at some period, and I think can
be as well expended now as at any later day
in the session; and I think it is the right of
the Committee on Claims that that question
shall be settled one way or the other, and I
must object to that particular bill being dis-
placed at the present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The resolution to which
I refer has been before this body for thirteen
months. It is not any fancy business. It pro-
poses a distinct proposition of obligation. It
is of great importance to the public to say, as a
matter of fact and as a matter of honor, one
way or the other; I do not propose now to
discuss its merits. I gave notice some days
ago of an intention to call it up in the present
condition of affairs. It was stated yesterday
or the day before without any gentleman ob-
jecting, when the honorable Senator from
Kentucky was moving an amendment to the
resolution that has just passed, that this reso-
lution was to come up afterward. Now, I am
perfectly willing to assist my friend from Wis-
consin to settle the question of Sue Murphey
to-morrow morning in the morning hour, but
as this joint resolution has been so long before
the body and is of such importance I think it
should be taken up now. The bill to which
my friend refers has lost its place by going
over a day, it having been laid aside.
Mr. CONKLING. At what time does the
Senator wish to consider this joint resolution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. At any time 5 as soon as
it can be reached.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the holidays?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to consider it
whenever I can get the Senate to take it up.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before any motion is
put on that subject I desire to state to the
Senate that the Senator who is chairman of
the Finance Committee has just left the Hall,
supposing that no business would be called up
this morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That Senator was in-
formed yesterday, and apparently acquiesced
in what was agreed by general consent, that
this joint resolution should come up to-day,
and it would be very strange if after such
acquiescence the Senate should refuse to carry
out the arrangement.
Mr. HENDERSON. I merely stated what
the Senator from Ohio said on leaving, that he
supposed no business would be called up at
this late hour.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I wish to say,
in reply to my friend, the Senator from Ver-
mont, that if his resolution has been pending
for thirteen months I think it pretty conclusive
evidence of one of two things: either that the
passage of that resolution at any particular
time is not of any great importance to the
country, or that the Senate has been very dere-
lict in its duty. The Senator does not state
any reason why it cannot just as well be dis-
posed of after the holidays as before. I do
statj a reason which I think ought to influence
the votes of Senators why the question involved
in this small claim should be settled by the
Senate, and settled at an early ^day. T:ou
seem to think it important enough to have a
Committee 011 Claims. The business before
that committee is pressing. If this question
40tu Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 9.
is settled one way it will be relieved of consid-
erable of that business ; and I ask in the name
of right and justice, as well as in the name of
convenience to "the committee, that you will
settle that question.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
withdraw the motion, to allow me to offer a
resolution to which I think nobody will object.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
american citizens in japan.
Mr. CONKLING. I ofFer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, Tliat the Secretary of Stata bo directed
to oormnunioiite to tho Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interest, any information in his pos-
session concerning the exercise or chum by consuls
of tho United States in Japan of judicial power m
cases arising between American citizens and citizens
or subjects of any foreign nation other than Japan:
and if so, under what authority ot law or treaty said
powers were exercised or claimed: also, to stato what
further legislation, if any, is necessary for tho better
adjudication and protection of the rights of person
and property of Americans in Japan.
The Senate proceeded to consider the res-
olution.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the resolution, but it is almost uniformly the
practice of the Senate to address such resolu-
tions to the President. He is to judge whether
the public interests will allow the information
to be communicated.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon. This is
simply a call for information from the State
Department.
Mr. POMEROY. But in such cases we
address the President, and he sends the res-
olution to the Secretary of State, and the Pres-
ident sends us his answer. We do not com-
municate with the Secretary of State. Such
has been the practice of the Senate, although
I believe there are one or two precedents to
the contrary.
Mr. CONKLING. There can be m diffi-
culty in this case ; it is a mere call for informa-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. Who is to judge whether
furnishing it is compatible with the public in-
terest? The Secretary of State?
Mr. CONKLING. Do we not use that form
continually in regard to Cabinet officers?
Mr. POMEROY. No; only when we send
resolutions to the President.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The difference is this: when we send to
the President we request him ; when we send
to a Cabinet officer we direct him. That is
one thing I have learned pretty thoroughly in
my experience. We request the President;
we direct the Cabinet ministers. This is a
mere call for information, and therefore there
cannot be any importance in the question
raised.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is a mere call for
information why put in the phrase allowing
the Secretary to judge whether it is for the
public interest to communicate it?
Mr. CONIvLlNG. Does the Senator mean
to say that we do not address calls for iufoi ma-
rion to Cabinet officers and leave them to judge
whether it is compatible with the public inter-
est or not?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not mean to say so.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I mean to say that
during the brief time I have been in this body,
in more than one hundred instances the con-
trary is true.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. CONKLING. Most certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not the slightest
objection to this eaU, but I simply say that
the resolution is against the precedents of the
Senate. . , ,,
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think it is manifestly
improper to send a resolution to the Secretary
of State, and leave it to his discretion judging
of our foreign affairs. That has never been
done. ...
Mr. CONKLING. JSow would Senatorsiike
toliave this? Would they have it left to the
President ?'
Mf. BIJCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr, C6NKLtNG.. Very well. Suppose we,
change it by consent, and strike out ''Secre-
tary of State" and insert " President."
The PR ESI DEN 1" pro tetlipore. The reso-
lution will be so modified.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it satisfactory now?
Mr. POMEROY. Entirely.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, it being satisfac-
tory to everyb ^dy else, I ask to have it changed
to the usual form, that the President be "re-
quested," because we never direct him. We
request him. He is one of the branches of the
Government. Let that change be made, also*
The PRESS DEN f pro tempore,. The reso-
lution will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to,
as follows:
Resolved, That tho President of the United States
be requested to eummunicato to the Senate, if not
incompatible with the public interest, any informa-
tion in his possession concerning the exercise or claim
by consuls of the United States in Japan of judicial
powers in cases arising between American citizens
and citizens or subjects of any foreign nation other
than Japan, and if so undor what authority of law
or treaty said oowors were exercised or claimed; also,
to state what further legislation, if any, is necessary
for the bettor adjudication and protection of therights
of person and property of Americana in Japan.
Mr. CAMERON. T renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have a vote on
my motion to take up Senate joint resolution
No. 66.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say a word
if that resolution is to be pressed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution indicated
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is the very thing
I am opposed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I do not withdraw
my motion to adjourn.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now, sir, withinacouple
of days of a recess to take up an abstract prop-
osition simply declaring the Senate's opinion,
having nothing practical in it, would be a mani-
fest waste of the public time.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish my colleague would
give wav to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I give way.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question, if we
have got to have this species of opposition
after a fair understanding yesterday, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 17, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
a joint resolution (II. R. No. 375) donating
condemned cannon for the erection of a mon-
ument to Major General Kearny; when the
Speaker signed the same.
death of hon. thaddecs sl'eyens.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, the painful
duty has devolved upon me of announcing to
this House the death of my predecessor, Hon.
Tiiaddecs Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
This distinguished statesman was not merely
my predecessor in this body, but in my child-
hood my father taught me to admire and love
him who was the instructor and guide of my
youth and the friend of my maturer years, It
an intimacy with wise and noble men be one
i of the greatest blessings that can crown a ro&n,
