1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
"An act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road
from Eugene City to the eastern boundary of
said State;
A bill (S. No. 705) further to provide for
giving effect to treaty stipulations between this
and foreign Governments for the extradition
of criminals;
A bill (S. No. 760) for the relief of Rev.
D. Hillhouse Buel;
A bill (S. No. 781) for the relief of Alpheus
C. Gallahue;
A bill (S. No. 844) for the relief of Captain
Charles Hunter, United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 862) amendatory of the act
providing for the sale of the arsenal grounds
at St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri, and for
otjier purposes, approved July 25, 1868;
A bill (S. No. 228) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 763) to provide for the exe-
cution of judgments in capital cases;
A bill (8. No. 810) to regulate elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories;
A bill (S. No. 836) for the relief of Celestra
P. Hartt;
A bill (S. No. 891) for the relief of George
Fowler and the estate of De Grasse Fowler,
deceased, or their assigns ;
A bill (S. No. 584) relating to the time for
finding indictments iu the courts of the United
States in the late rebel States ;
A bill (S. No. 612) relating to the proof of
wills in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 065) respecting the organiza-
tion of militia in the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana,
and Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 711) relating to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company ;
A bill (S. No. 712) to define the fees of the
recorder of deeds and to provide for the ap-
pointment of warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 722) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," by extending certain penalties to
accessories;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 200) reap-
pointing Louis Agassiz a regent of the Smith-
sonian institution;
A bill (S. No. 167) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military wagon-road from the navigable waters
of Coos bay to Roseburg, in said State;
A bill (S. No. 871) to authorize the transfer
of lands granted to the Union Pacific Railway
Company, eastern division, between Denver
and the points of its connection with the Union
Pacific railroad, to the Denver Pacific Rail-
way and Telegraph Company, and to expedite
the completion of railroads to Denver, in the
Territory of Colorado ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 219) giving the
assent of the United States to the construction
of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 217) for printing
the Medical and Surgical History of the Rebel-
lion.
RESOLUTIONS OP INDIANA.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of the
Senate, I desire to present certain resolutions
of the Legislature of Indiana, which I ask to
have read.
The Secretary read the joint resolutions, as
follows:
[Joint resolution No. 10.3
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to oppose by
th°lr Jn^uence and votes the passage of any bill
Tra-fSj^U specially legalize coin contracts until tho
^ * ki&tes shall redeem its Treasury notes in coin,
h to oppose the enactment of any law which shall
aavethe effect to reduce the present volume of paper
"loncy m use among the people of the United States.
WILLIAM CUMBACK.
President of the Senate.
A. P. STANTON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives*
ti [Joint Resolution No. 7.]
' | Resolved by the Genera/ Assembly of the Stateof Indi-
!| ana. That our Senators in Congress be, and they
j< are hereby, instructed, and our Representatives re-
que.-ted, to vote for and otherwise promote the repeal
: of the act of Congress commonly known as the ten-
ure-of-oftiee law.
WILLIAM CUMBACK,
President of the Senate.
A. P. STANTON,
Speaker of the liowte of Representatives.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table.
MESSAGE FROM THE I10USE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2009) to
authorize the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the Lincoln Monument Association
at Springfield, Illinois, damaged and captured
ordnance.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 1911,
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, and for other purposes, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. G. W. Sco-
field of Pennsylvania, Mr. William Law-
rence of Ohio, and Mr. Stevenson Archer
of Maryland, managers at the same on its part.
deficiency bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1911) making ap-
propriations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Governmentfor
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives.
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House, and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representatives
on tho disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Howe, Mr. Cragin, and Mr. Nye.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2008) in addition to an act entitled
' 'An act to relieve from 1 egal and political dis-
abilities certain persons engaged in the late
rebellion," approved July 27, 1868, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred several petitions of citizens of
the United States, praying for such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully recognize the obligations of the
Christian religion, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following report and resolu-
tions, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration ; which was agreed to:
Resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce
of New Orleans, Louisiana, protesting against
any further extension of that section of the
bankrupt act known as the fifty per cent, pro-
vision ;
A report of a special committee of the Ohio
Legislature, remonstrating against the exten-
sion of admiralty jurisdiction by judicial con-
struction over the navigable waters of the in-
terior of the country, and in favor of congres-
sional legislation to restrict such jurisdiction
to tide-waters and sea-going vessels; and
Resolutions of the Board of Trade of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, remonstrating against the
revival of extinct provisions of bankrupt laws.
Mr. CONKL1NG, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 843) to designate the place of confine-
ment for persons convicted of offenses against
the laws of the United States and sentenced to
imprisonment in certain States, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
order of the day.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senate now to
consider and take a vote upon the resolution
before discussed, which was laid over with the
understanding that it should be disposed of, in
regard to the compensation of Senators from
the reconstructed States. There will be no
further discussion upon it, I presume.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
regularly before the Senate is the? Army appro-
priation bill.
Mr. H/VRLAN. I ask the chairman of the
committee if he will not allow the roll to be
called on the bill which was pending during the
morning hour? I think there will not be a
word of discussion upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should be very
glad to oblige the Senator; but I am appealed
to on the other side, and it would require
unanimous consent to take up the subject to
which be refers.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall insist, for one, on
going forward with the Army appropriation bill.
The sooner that is disposed of the sooner we
shall get to other business. I hope the Chair
■will direct the Clerk to proceed with that bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am appealed
to on both sides. I think I shall have to insist
on the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business is before the Senate, being
the bill (H. R. No. 1803) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
and the pending question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. HARLAN. What is that amendment?
ThePRESIDENTprotempore. Theamend-
•ment is the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts with regard to paying tbe-
claim of Massachusetts incurred during the
war of 1812.
Mr. HAK.LAN. Would it be in order to
offer an amendment to that amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment to the amendment pending, offered
by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.]
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
amendment to the amendment read.
The Secretary read as follows:
But interest shall be allowed to the States of Mas-
sachusetts and Maine on such sums only on which
the said States of Massachusetts and Maine either
paid interest or lost interest by the transfer of an
interest-bearing fund.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Iowa
has already agreed to accept my modification
of that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
modification be read.
The Secretary. The amendment, as mod-
ified, now reads:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and required to audit and fix
the interest accounts of Maine and Massachusetts
for advances made by Massachusetts, then includ-
ing Maine, for the United States during the war of
1812-15 with Great Britain upon the basis that tho
claim of these advances belonged, after t he separa-
tion of the two States, one third to Maine and two
thirds to Massachusetts, and reckoning interest at
six per cent, per annum, and according to the rules
and limitations directed to be applied to the case of
Maryland bv the twelfth section of the act approved
March 3, 1&57, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for certain civil expenses of the Governmentfor
tbeyear ending June 30,18S8;"and that ho is hereby
authorized and directed to pay to Maine and Massa-
chusetts, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, such sums as he shall ascertain to
be due to those States, as herein directed to be au-
dited and fixed: Provided, That in lieu ot payment in
money the Secretory of the Treasury may at his dis-
cretion issue to these States bonds of the United States
payable in thirty years and bearing interest at the
rate of sis percent, per annum, payable seim-onnu-
ally; the principal and interest of such bonds io be
made payable in lawful money of the United States.
