1084
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
entire work in Que of two forms a muck larger,
sum of'money would be necessary, yet this
sum, it is believed by the engineers who have
examined the work, would be of very great
importance, I therefore hope the amendment
•will riot be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I may as well- make my
statement with regard to this bill. now. The
bill, as originally sent to us from the House
of Representatives, contained an appropriation
of over six million dollars, which the commit-
tee did not feel disposed to report at the last
session of Congress; but they did report an
appropriation of $1,500,000 to be expended
under the direction of the-Secretary of War.
That was expended, or within less than one
hundred thousand dollars of the $1,500,000
was expended. When the committee finally
came to cpnsider this bill carefully they de-
cided, first, to reduce all appropriations to what
a,re known as the revised estimates of the
engineer department. It was in but few cases
that they exceeded the amount recommended
by the revised estimates; but wherever they did
the committee reduced the amount to the re-
vised estimates, They then, and it was the unan-
imous action of the committee, directed the
- clerk of the committee, wherever an appropria-
tion was not contained in the revised estimates,
to strike it out, and in every instance that was
done; and this was one of those cases. It was
not in the revised estimates at all, and there-
fore, under our rule, went out with the rest.
I stated the fact that the engineer and a del-
egation came before us. They came before us
to obtain an increased amount and a large
amount for this work; but it was stricken out
because it was not contained at all in the re-
vised estimates._ I hold them before me, and
this was not in it, and every case of that kind
was stricken out. It is in the larger estimate;
but we called upon the Secretary of War for
the minimum, the lowest estimate that could
be given to the committee to guide their action,
ana this was notcontained in those estimates.
Mr. HARLAN. I was not finding fault with
the committee. I do not wish this amend-
ment to be rejected for the purpose of censur-
ing the committee. I desire it, however, to be
passed upon by the Senate on its own merits.
I have attempted to state in a very few words
what the object is. Every Senator can see that
it will be of very great importance to the peo-
ple of the Northwest to have continuous water
communication, or as near a continuous water
communication as practicable,between that part
of our common country and the older States.
If we can obtain the improvement of this river
it will enable us to reach the lakes, and by the
lakes and the canals that run from the lakes
across the State of New York reach the At-
lantic.^ I hope that the Senate will not strike
out this small appropriation, which it is be-
lieved, and is so reported, as [ understand, by
the engineer, would be of great importance to
the improvement of the river.
Mr. CORBE'TT. I will state to the Senate
that the Committee on Commerce had under
discussion the question how far we should
extend these appropriations, and the commit-
tee determined that upon this bill, which be-
longed really to last session, we should not
extend the appropriations beyond the revised
estimates. If we should extend them beyond
those estimates there are a great many merit-
orious cases, and we did not know where to
stop. There are many other items that are
proposed to be stricken out by the committee
which are meritorious. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Iowa that this is an important im-
provement; but there is another bill for the
coming year that will come before us subse-
quently, and this bill belonging rather to the
appropriations ol last session, we thought it
best to confine itto the recommendation of the
chief of the engineer corps of the War Depart-
ment; and, therefore, with one or two excep-
tions we excluded other items not recom-
mended by the chief of engineers. I think
there is one exception in a case where a
portion of the money was taken out of the
$1,500,000, but applied without regard to the
recommendation of the chief of engineers. In
that case we left in the balance of the appro-
priation according to his recommendation,
which I think, was $5,000. That was an
exception.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, in relation to this particular matter under
consideration I have no doubt that an improve-
ment there can be made of very great value,
but it will cost a very latgo sum of money, and
to commence it with $40,000 in my opinion
would be a throwing away of that amount.
Until we are prepared to do much more we ought
not to embark in it at all. But I desire partic-
ularly to call the attention of the Senate to the
bill as a whole.
The chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce has correctly stated that thebill has been
very thoroughly and carefully considered by
the Committee on Commerce, and it has been
reduced to the revised estimates with the
amounts of the $1,500,000 which has already
been appropriated and deducted therefrom.
But a greater question than this of the amend-
ment now under consideration arises—whether
this bill is to be the appropriation for the
year ending in 1870, or merely be a supple-
mentary appropriation for the year ending on
the 30th of June next. If it is to be an ap-
propriation for the coming year, I think it
ought to meet with the approval ofthe Senate.
If it is a mere deficiency bill, then my judgment
would be otherwise.
It will be noticed by looking at the estimates for
the present year that in a foot-note it is said :
" No special appropriation was mado for the year
ending the 30th of Juno, 1869, for either of the works
estimated for above. The operations on them since
the commencement of that year (July 1,1868) have
been carried on out of unexpended balances of pre-
vious appropriations and from the appropriation by
act of July 28,1868, of $1,500,000 for repairs, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public works on
river and harbor improvements, and will bo con-
tinued as long as any portion of the present means
is unapplied."
Now, I suppose the fact to be that a very
considerable portion of that $1,500,000 is yet
unexpended. I understand it has been dis-
tributed, and we have deducted the amount
■ from the several appropriations as we under-
stood the sum to have been distributed. If
this bill is to be the only bill that is to be passed
it is a moderate one; but if it is to take the
place of a deficiency bill, and after we have
given ourselves credit for cutting down the ap-
propriations of last year they are to be made
up by a bill of this form and we are hereafter
to have another bill pursuant to the estimates
made for the coming year, then I think it well
that the Senate should consider it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have no doubt
that the House of Representatives had good
reason for putting in this appropriation, not-
withstanding it was not recommended by the
engineers. 1 have no doubt but what the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the Senate had, or sup-
posed they had, good reason for striking it out.
1 think I can show good reasons why the Senate
should not permit it to be struck out.
I have been told repeatedly and I believe the
fact to be true that the country is in debt, deeply
in debt, and that is ordinarily assigned as a
reason for avoiding all expenditures like this.
But, sir, if the question with a farmer be
whether he shall buy a hoe to do his planting
with in the spring, I believe the poorest reason
m the world he can assign for not buying it is
that he is poor and in debt. If he is poor and
in debt, that is the very reason why he cannot
afford to go without a hoe. It is the very season
why he cannot afford to go without the means
to put in his crop, without the means to harvest
his crop, without the means to market his crop.
Mr. President, my deliberate judgment is
that we stand in this very relation to this work.
My deliberate judgment is that you can meet
the public debt better with the amount required
for this improvement added than you can w.ith-
out it being added and without the improve-
ment. If that seems extravagant to any Sen-
ator here, I beg to remind him that in 1817,
when the State of New York commenced the
work of building a canal to connect the lakes
with the tide waters, there was west of the
lakes, there was in that country which is trib-
utary to that canal, but a population of a little
over eight hundred thousand occupying the
States of Ohio, Indiana," Illinois, Michigan,
and Missouri. There -was only that amount
of population there in 1820, three years after
that work commenced. One of the great argu-
ments which was used to encourage the pro-
jectors of that enterprise was this : they said
there are but two portages to overcome in order
to enable the commerce between the Mississippi
and the Atlantic to be transported by water ;
one of those portages is that between the Hud-
son and the lakes ; the other is that between
the lakes and the Mississippi. But they said—
General Washington said, Mr. Jefferson said—•
if you can once overcome the difficulties be-
tween the Hudson and the lakes, you have
overcome all the difficulty practically there is,
because, they said, there is already a line of
water communication by way of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, which come within a mile
and a half of each other, and by which, at that
time, the fur trade and the commerce belong-
ing to that trade was prosecuted. They said
that it was very easy to cut a canal to unite
these two rivers, and the rapids in the Fox
river and the difficulties in the Wisconsin river
might be very easily overcome ; and (he fact
of the facilities of effecting communication be-
tween the lakes and the Mississippi was one of
the arguments and one of the inducements held
out to encourage the enterprise of connecting
the Hudson with the lakes.
When you had a population there, as I have
said, of but little over eight hundred thousand,
the people of New York undertook to build
that canal, and they built that canal; and what
is the result? It has settled the West, and the
trade which the settlement of the West has
created has repaid to New York every dollar
that the State spent in the construction of the
work and in the enlargement of the work,
every dollar that the State has spent in repairs,
every dollar that the State has disbursed for
interest on loans; and has paid in addition to
all these sums a clear profit into the treasury
of New York of over fifteen million dollars.
That is what the Erie canal has done as a mere
improvement.
But the Erie canal has done a much bigger
work than all that. What has the Erie canal
saved to the public in the mean time ? Since
I knew that this subject was to come up this
evening I have looked at some figures. I find
that the carrying trade between the lakes and
the Hudson is, in the main, accommodated by
two railways and the Erie canal. In 1865 it
is reported that the New York Central and the
Erie railroads transported what is equal to
809,561,319 tons to a single mile. That is what
these two roads did together. The canal alone
transported 1,012,448,074 tons per mile, nearly
one fifth more than both roads. It cost to trans-
port this freight over the roads, this 809,000,000
tons, $20,282,943, and the thousand million tons
which were carried by the canal, cost but $10,-
160,651; in other words, to the community one
thousand million tons were transported on
the canal at about half the cost of transporting
809,000,000 tons on the roads; and that the
business of a single year.
In ten years, from 1854 to 1865, this is the
showing: over the Erie road there were trans-
ported 2,587,274,914 tons, and over the New
York Central, 2,132,873,C12, making in the
aggregate 4,719,148,526 tons that were carried
over the two railways in ten years. Over the
canal alone were carried in that time 8,175.-
803,065 tons. The average cost to the com-
munity of carrying over the New York Central
road during those ten years was two and six
tenths cents per ton per mile; on the Erie road
it was two and twenty-three hundredths cents,
and on the canal the average cost was ninety-
one hundredths of a cent.
Now, Mr. President, make your figures and
you will see that if the freight which, during
