132
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE
December 17,
was so emphatically, the friend of theoppressed
aid the foe of the oppressor. Like other
men, he, had his faults; but he has done so
much for the great cause of humanity that this
and all future generations iu this land have
ample cause to bless and revere his memory.
To show the estimate in which Mr. Stevens
was held by the people of Vermont I ask to
have the Clerk read the following resolutions,
which were unanimously adopted by the Ver-
mont Legislature at their recent session.
The Clerk read as follows :
_ "Mr. Varaum, of Peacham, offered the following
joint resolution:
"Resolved bytheSenate and IJoune of Representative*,
That so great a loss to tho nation as the death of
Hon. Tbvddeus sStkvkns deserve?, and should re-
ceive, of tho Representatives of the people of his
native State in fieneral Assembly convened, a befit-
ting and appropriate recognition.
"Resolved, That we mourn and deeply sympathize
with those of his adopted Sbtte, whom he so faith-
fully represented in the councils of our nation, and
by whom ho wis so nobly sustained, in this their
Kreat boroavement and irreparable loss, of one so
firm, so devoted to tho interests, tlio welfare, and the
honor of the people.
"Revolved, Til at ili:-; patriotism: I113 devotion to the
principles of liberty, justice, and equality; his un-
swerving fidelity to the trusts of his Stato and tho
trusts of tho Union, have left an honorable and in-
effoeoablo impression on tho pages of history and on
the records of a great Republic.
"Resolved, That we will remember him as a son of
veimont, and will cherish his memory, und point
with pride to his life as an example of patriotism for
ourselves and our posterity.
"Resolved, That the Governor be requested to trans-
mit a copy of these resolutions to the Governor of
Pennsylvania."
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, my ac-
quaintance with Thaodeuh Stevens began dur-
ing the administration ol'Governor Uit.ner, of
Pennsylvania, about the year 183(1. lie was
then a bold and daring leader of his party.
Always in advance of public opinion, lie con-
stantly antagonized it with a valor and bold-
ness lmeqiialed. Usually political leaders I
ascertain the current and drift of public senti-
ment and accommodate themselves to it. Not
so with him. He formed his own opinions
and acted on his own convictions. Opposi-
tion, so far from weakening his resolves, only
nerved him for whatever effort was necessary
to the accomplishment of his purpose. He
created public opinion and molded public
sentiment. In this, above all other traits, lay
tho greatness of Thajddeus Stevens. He was
always ready to defend his views, never shrink-
ing from any service required by his fidelity to
duty. The victims overthrown by his power
and logic, and impaled by his wit, irony, and
sarcasm, arc legion. ^ Many of them, likehim-
self, have gone to their reward, others remain,
retaining a lively recollection of the old com-
moner.
While he was at times terribly severe, and
more rarely discourteous, and sometimes iu the
intensity ol political excitement wounded the
feelings of Lis friends, yet at heart he was
eminently kind, generous, and forgiving.
The history of his public life is before the
world ;_his name and fame are a part of the
possession of the people. While free govern-
ment endures TiiADUEtis Stevens will be re-
membored with honor, and his services in its
maintenance will be recalled with gratitude.
But his greatest achievements were undoubtedly
hisagoncy iu the establishment of thecommon-
school system of Pennsylvania and in the
emancipation of four million slaves. Both
these great measures would undoubtedly have
been adopted in time without him, but both
were hastened by his strong and able support.
When a member of the Pennsylvania Legis-
lature, in 1833, he commenced his public advo-
cacy of free schools, many of our industrious,
frugal, agricultural population believed that
every man should take care of his own family
and educate his children or not as seemed to |
him best. I
The idea of taxing one man to pay for i
schooling the children of another was looked i
upon by them as an innovation and an injus-
tice. His constituency held a meeting and
instructed him to oppose the proposition. He
boldly refused, denounced them for their self-
ishness, carried his measure, and also a ma-
jority of his .constituents, with him. The abo-.
lition of slavery is too recent and his action
too well known, not only to the people of the
United States but of the world, to require any
comment of mine. I cannot refrain, however,
from saying that in 1850, being a visitor in this
city, I obtained through the courtesy of a
friend admittance to the floor of the House.
Mr. Stevens was upon the floor at the time,
speaking on the evils of slavery. The leading
"members from the slaveholding States were
gathered in front of his desk. As he portrayed
the degradation and crime of slavery in such
a manner as he only could portray them
scowls settled upon their brows, contempt
curled their lips, and oaths could be distinctly
heard hissing between their teeth. This was
in the days when southern gentlemen enforced
their arguments with an appeal to the duel, and
southern ruffians resorted to the bowie-knife
and bludgeon. I felt alarmed for him, but he
proceeded unembarrassed by interruptions and
apparently unconscious of the mutterings of
the storm. As, reaching his climax, he spoke
of Virginia, the proud mother of Presidents,
become a breeder of slaves for the southern
market, the anger of her Representatives could
scarcely be restrained ; yet he was as cool as
if addressing a jury in his county court-house.
This conveniently illustrates the last remark
I wish to make, namely, that Thaddeus Stevens
was preeminently a brave man, who would do
and dare everything in the vindication of what
he believed to be the truth. But, Mr. Speaker,
he is gone; peace be to his ashes. Vermont
has the honor of his birth, Pennsylvania the
more enduring honor of having adopted him
as her son; for were not her valleys his home,
her temples of justice his shrine, her legisla-
tive halls 1 lis fust political prize, her people
his constituents, her interests his study, her
progress his delight, her honor his glory, and
is not her soil his grave? Let us imitate his
virtues and cherish his memory.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the awful presence
of death every voice is silent except the voice
of sorrow and eulogy. The infirmities of mor-
tality are forgotten, the good alone is remem-
bered ; criticism is disarmed ; censure loses its
power; men instinctively concede, as they
expect, this sad immunity to the grave. It
is, let us believe, an unconscious preiiguration
of the better life to come.
While offering my tribute to the memory of
our venerable and deceased associate, the late
Thaddecs Stevens, it is proper that I confiue
myself to that portion of his life spent in the
national Capitol. Others knew him, it may be,
as a student, a teacher, a lawyer, a neighbor—•
knew him in the amenities and benefactions of
home. My acquaintance with him was formed
here, and here, I may say in this building, was
our intercourse. I met him the first time at the
assembling of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, in
the winter of 1859. It was a period of great
political excitemcnt. The struggle had already
begun which within less than two years de-
veloped into civil war. It was a time to call
forth the best efforts of the best men. Mem-
bers then of different political parties, we natu-
rally, necessarily perhaps, pursued what was
felt to be a common purpose by different meth-
ods and distinct organizations. The scenes
of that Congress are not easily forgotten. Tho
almost daily contests between Lovejoy and
Corwin and Stevens on the one side, and
Hinman and Barksdale and Branch on the
other, speaking alone of the dead, but settled
the issues for the coming years of bloodshed
and carnage. Some ol'us, foreseeing the calam-
itous time, interposed to stay the strife, pray-
ing that if it were possible this cup of sorrow
might pass. Visions of desolated homes, of
screaming women, famishing children, and
old men, the victims of torture; fields laid
waste, and all that makes existence lovely per-
verted—visions frightfully realized—were ever
present before us whose people .occupied what
wc knew must be the battle-ground in case of
armed conflict. To avert this terrible visita-
tion I need not say we labored with all the
earnestness of agonizing natures. The records
remain to tell of our labors. I refer to them
at this time and in this connection to attest
the feeliDg of confidence we entertained to-
ward Mr. Stevens. Armed though he was
in completes! panoply, and ready for every en-
counter, we all felt that if war should ensue it
would not be his generous nature which would
strike the first blow. This is not the occasion
to dwell upon the remembered incidents of hi3
intercourse with my associates—still speaking
alone of the dead—with Gilmer, of North Caro-
lina; Bouligny, of Louisiana; Bristow arid
Anderson, of Kentucky; andBrabson and Hat-
ton, of my own State. It was not the inter-
course of men who expected soon to become
enemies. So we separated at the inauguration
of Mr. Lincoln full of anxiety, yet not without
hope.
When, the next winter, we met again as
members of a new Congress all was changed.
A million of men were in arms, and the life
of the nation hung upon the issue of battles.
We were both upon the Committee of Ways
and Means, charged, as the House was at that
time organized, with the examination of all
financial questions, both of revenue and ex-
penditure, and with the preparation of all reve-
nue bills, which, under the Constitution, must
originate in this House. The expenditures of
the Government, never less than two millions
a day, and some times reachingthree millions,
made a demand upon the public resources wholly
without precedent and greatly beyond what
many regarded our ability to meet. Besides,
intervention by at least two of the great Euro-
pean Powers for months seemed imminent, and
a struggle between the Republic and the united
civilized world. And what was still more dis-
heartening to one in the position of Mr. Ste-
vens, he lacked confidence in the ability anil
skill both of our civil and military leaders, and
in some important instances he had little faith
in their devotion to the cause so dear to the
general heart. The early decisions of the field
were not always assuring, and even here there
were not a few, timid and unbelieving, ready
to flee at the first sign of irresolution on the
part of our leader. Yet neither on the floor
nor in the committee-room did his courage
once weaken or his purpose grow infirm. On
the contrSry, we saw his energies increase with
every new emergency, and his spirit rise buoy-
ant as those around him became more despond-
ing. Among the elements of our final success
his unfaltering leadership at this cardinal period
was not the least. While events were shaping
themselves and the public judgment was baf-
fled by the novelty of the situation, weakness,
doubt, instability in that quarter would have
been disastrous, might have been fatal. The
unabated hostility toward him by the partisans
of the rebellion is explained only by their con-
sciousness of his unyielding and overmastering
power.
The internal revenue system, the currency
system, the national bank system, the form of
the national debt originated at this juncture
and under his direction. In no instance, I
believe, did his individual views entirely pre-
vail, and there were points upon which he was
diametrically opposed by the action of the two
Houses. Having known his opinions at that
time, I could easily appreciate his feeling of
injustice at the construction afterward given to
certain scattered expressions, used, possibly, in
reference to the predominant sentiments of
others rather than to his own.
His subsequent career is too recent and too
familiar to be dwelt upon. His theory of the
rebellion and of the legal consequences of its
overthrow, his views upon reconstruction, and
the part he took in the late contest for pre-
cedence betweeu the Legislature and the Exec-
utive are well understood. During the last
year we all felt that his sands had nearly run ;
day by day we saw him borne into the Hall
upon the arms of young men, weak as a child,
but eager and attentive, whether the discussion
