1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
L33
turned upon foreign or home affairs. No sub- I
ject was above his grasp, none beneath his
notice. Treaty stipulations with a great Power
and the salary of the humblest clerk alike
found in him an advocate. Toward the close
of the summer session nature made a final
rally. For a few days the old vivacity returned,
the brilliant repartee and unexpected sallies
that all enjoyed so much. He himself felt the
renewal of strength and a revival of hope and
the future. It was the last glimmer of the
expiring flame. We had scarcely dispersed to
/ our distant homes before the telegraph an-
nounced that he was no more. And so he
passed away in the mellow autumn of his age,
having lived to enjoy the ripened fruits of the
spring time planting and summer culture.
A maxim of one of the sages would have us
wait until the end of a life before pronouncing
it happy. A historian, closing the biography
of one of the illustrious men of his time,
exclaims, in the spirit of this maxim, " Tuvero
felix, non vitm tantum claritate, sed etiam
opportunitate mortis.'" If a brilliant career be
a happy one, and if that career be brilliant,
which, unaided by wealth, family, or powerful
friends, attains the front rank among the great
leaders of a great epoch and makes a name for
ban or blessing in every household of the land,
then, indeed, is this champion of the oppressed
to be accounted happy. But thriee happy in
the opportune article of his death. Though
the strength of manhood was goue, the babble
and drivel of dotage had not supervened. He
had seen his country emerge, after a long and
painful strife, from the clouds and turmoil of
civil war, and resume her place among the
nations, freer, richer, stronger, happier, and
more honored than before; entering upon a
new era of prosperity and growth, excelling
them all in the splendor of her renown, even
as one star excelleth another star in glory.
The principles for which he had contended
through a lengthened life had been recognized
and adopted. His life-work was done, and
who shall say it had not been done well? The
Son of David has said there is a time to die;
a time when to die is better than to live ; and for-
tunate are they who are summoned at this au-
spicious moment, permitted to attain the full
measure of their fame, but not to survive their
reputation or their usefulness to mankind.
The character of Mr. Stevens I shall not
attempt. To his life-long friends its delinea-
tion will be a work of pathetic pride; I leave
it to them, remarking upon two traits which
seemed very prominent. The first was_ man-
liness as opposed to effeminacy. Not his
"The Dorian mood
Of flutes and soft recorders."
He evinced little respect for mere taste and
refinement and delicacy and luxury and sen-
timent and the whole chapter of exquisitism,
but delighted rather in the sturdier qualities of
the heart and mind. The other trait was his
exceeding liberality, extending alike to all, to
the unthankful and the evil as well as to the
grateful and the deserving. Where could be
found a more unselfish friend ? And never,
surely, was there a moregenerousfoe. Oppres-
sion and distress never appealed to him in
vain. The humblest obscurity did not escape
his notice. Opposition to slavery was a moral
necessity of his nature. As a legislator he was
liberal to such a degree that his political asso-
ciates deemed it necessary to provide a count-
erpoise in natures less impulsive and sympa-
thetic. His last effort in the House, if I mis-
take not, was an appeal for an appropriation
to the public charities of the District of Colum-
bia. Those who knew him in the private walks
of life bear testimony to his own continual and
nbonmlingcharity.and " charity shall cover the
multituueof sins." We cannot wonder, there-
tore, that pious hands were there to close his
dying eyes, making intercession with Heaven
in his behalf, or that 111 the supreme hour
devoted women should administer the holy
chrism, efficacious, let us hope, beyond the
teaching of out creeds.
To most men there comes, sooner or later,
a period of inaction, of incapacity for further
progress; when the world seems to them inca-
pable of becoming any better, and every change
is dreaded as likely to be for the worse. This
is theperiod of conservatism, and usually comes
with gray hairs and failing eye-sight. It con-
verses with the past and distrusts the future.
Its look is backward and not forward. This
period Mr. Stetexs never reached. No good
was ever attained without an attainable better.
All his life he held the outposts of thought.
Even in his closing hours, we are told, he found
time for discourse of hopeful temper upon pub-
lic affairs and to augur the success of an Ad-
ministration he could hardly have expected to
see.
As he was, so he will long be remembered.
He hasleft his impress upon theform and body
of the times. Monuments will be reared to
his memory. Art will be busy with her chisel
and her pencil to preserve his features and the
image of his mortal frame. All will be done
that brass and marble and painted canvas ad-
mit of being done. The reaords of his official
acts will remain in your archives ; our chosen
words of commemoration will fall into thechan-
nels of literature. But the influence of a gifted
mind in molding thought and giving direc-
tion to events is not to be measured by words
of commemoration or by official records. It is
as measureless as the soul and enduring as
time. Long after the brass and marble and
painted canvas have disappeared it will still
remain, transmitted from age to age and through
successive generations. " Quidquid ex eo cimu-
vimus, quidquid mirati sumus, manet. mansu-
rumque est in aniinis hominum, in ceternitate
temporum, fama rerum. Postcritati, narratus
et traditus, superstes erit."
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker,_ Thaddefs
Stevens was one of the most practical of men,
though his whole life was colored and influenced
by a vision. Timid men, and those who were
without faith, called him dogmatic and impracti-
cable, and others spoke of him as a theorist,
who, to gratify a malignant or vindictive spirit,
urged extreme measures regardless of the
rights, interests, or sentimentsof those they were
to affect. They knew but little of the man they
judged. How thoroughly practical he was is
attested by the fact that he earned by teaching
the rudimentary branches the means to pro-
cure his collegiate training; that having set-
tled in a community in which hereditary wealth
was deemed a prerequisite to a respectable
position at the bar, he made no concealment
of his poverty, and taught school while prepar-
ing for the practice of the legal profession and
the acknowledged leadership of the bar of a
large section of his adopted State; that he
commanded the confidence of every judge be-
fore whom he appeared in his extended range
of practice, and secured the affectionate regard
of all his young professional brethren ; by the
frequency with which the people among whom
he settled, whether of the York, the Adams,
or the Lancaster district required him, at what-
ever sacrifice of prejudice on their part or of
pecuniary interest on his, to represent them in
the Legislatures of the State and nation, and
conventions summoned for the consideration
of the gravest topics; and, aboveall, by the
commanding influence he exercised in every de-
liberative assembly of which he was a member.
I heard a prominent member of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress say of Mr. Stevens : "Let
him go in what direction he may, it is always
to the extreme," implying waywardness and
inconsistency, and, in so far, misjudging him.
He never labored in adverse directions. He
sometimes accepted and supported proposi-
tions which were in general accord with his
views, but to which he could not yield unquali-
fied assent. He did this, as he once said,
"because Congress is composed of men, and
not of angels." He was incapable of acting
inconsistently upon measures involving gen-
eral principles. Against this reproach he was
almost divinely panoplied. He-bad m his boy-
hood dreamed of a republic broader, grander,
and more beneficent than the republic of Platfo
or the Utopia of Sir Thomas More—a republic
in which every citizen might know the-chasten-
ing influence of the family relations and thejd^s
of home and pursue the secrets of science aAd
the pleasures of literature ; and believing, as he
continued to do, in the progress of our race
and the perfect,ability of our institutions, his
public life was devoted to the realization of
this, his boyhood's beautiful dream. When he
dedicated himself to this work, in which he
never faltered, the southern boundary of-our
country was near the thirty-first degree of lati-
tude, and the course of the M ssissippi defined
its western limits; but ho believed that the
inspiring truths expressed in the Declaration
of Independence, and embodied in our State
and Federal Constitutions, would regenerate all
the governments on the continent.
At the time of his birth the mouth of the
Mississippi and the shores of the G-ulf of Mex-
ico were under the dominion of foreign poten-
tates. He was, however, old enough to un-
derstand and remember the discussion that
attended our first acquisition of territory—the
Louisiana purchase—which extended from the
Gulf along the west bank of the Mississippi to
the Lake of the Woods; and though sometimes
disapproving of the means by which they were
gained, he welcomed each of the several acqui-
sition of territory by which our country has
come to stretch from ocean to ocean, to have
alonger and more valuable coast line on
the Pacific than any other nation, and to
encircle the Gulf from Cape Sable to the Bio
Grande. Every successive acquisition con-
firmed his faith and nerved his purpose.
The theory of Mr. Stevens's ideal republic
awarded home and culture to each industrious
citizen. With this generous theory slavery
was incompatible, and he was, consequently,
the sworn and unrelenting foe of that accursed
institution. He did not wage warupon slavery
because he envied the wealth and power of
the master. He was wont to thank God for
having blest his youth with poverty, and was
ever ready to confront the haughty master
because his great heart sympathized with the
outraged and helpless slave.
The severance of the Union would have dis-
pelled Mr. Stevens's faith in the ultimate re-
demption of the laboring people of the world
from the ignorance and ill-paid toil to which
they have ever been subjected. The breaking
out of the slaveholders' rebellion seemed to
rejuvenate him and inspire him with superhu-
man strength. He "was always in his seat; atvd
when sessions were so far protracted,^ as they
sometimes were during the Thirty-Seventh,
Thirty-Eighth, and Thirty-Ninth Congresses,
that daylight came and dimmed the artificial
light in this Hall, the old man's pungent witti-
cisms would rouse many of theyouuger members
from drowsiness and prostration. To maintain
the Union he would have exhausted the coun-
try's resources in men and materials of war;
and when the rebellion had been crushed he
proposed measures that, had they been adopted,
would have eradicated its cause and rendered
its recurrence impossible.
He did not propose confiscation as a punish-
-ment to those whose great crime merited it.
He was incapable of a vindictive act. He
regarded the system of land monopoly, which
had prevailed in the South, as the essential
support of slavery, and he would obliterate it.
He knew that the rebel leaders were conquered
but not subdued, and appreciating the power
they derived from the ownership of the land
on which the body of the people were to
labor and live he would deprive them ot that
power. He knew that the labor ot the slave
had given the land of the South its value, and
he would reward the ireedmau by giving mm a
homestead as a slight return for the unrequited
work he had done while a slave. He knew
that the loyal soldier had saved the South to
the Union and freedom, and he would invite
him to dwell under his own vine in its midst,
and by his counsels assist in its future govern-
ment. He knew that a lauded aristocracy and
