1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
gwerable in that regard. I da not insist that
the interest account in an ordinary case is a
matter of disbursement or expenditure to be
charged. We know lhat it is in the universal
business understanding of Christendom, but I
do not insist upon it. The point to which I
ask Senators at this moment to attend is this:
if a man in an account which he is roakingup
is called upon to state his disbursements, and
the truth is that he has actually paid interest,
as the State of Missouri and many other States
did during- the war lately closed, would any
man stultify himself so far as to doubt for one
moment that that was one of the specific things
called for when notice was given to him to
make up his expenditures and disbursements?
Can any man doubt that? In the light of that
question I ask the attention of Senators to this
joint resolution of May 14,1886:
"That the Secretary of War, id preparing his re-
port pursuant to a resolve of the House of Repre-
sentatives, agreed to on the 24th of February, 1832,
be, and he hereby is, authorized, without regard to
existing rules and requirements, to receive such evi-
dence as is on file and any further proofs which may
be offered tending to establish the validity of the
claims of Massachusetts "—
That means all of them—
"upon the United States or any part thereof"—
That certainly was an expression of range
enough to be searching. For what?
" for services, disbursements, and expenditures dar-
ing the late war with Great Britain."
There, in 183G, the State of Massachusetts,
the alleged but unreal claimant here, was dis-
tinctly notified, not by the action of some
bureau officer, which has been referred to here
as something which liquidates damages between
the Government of the United States and a
claimant, bat notified by act of Congress, by
act of the law making power, to put in her
appearance and file her claims, with the evi-
dence, for services, expenditures, and dis-
bursements. She did so ; and undoubtedly she
did so with diligence and with accuracy. Those
claims were examined by the Secretary of
War, and his report has been read here as evi-
dence that that liquidation took place which
establishes the proper commencement of an
interest account. Verywell. Theamountbeing
ascertained, in 1859 the same power which had
notified Massachusetts to appear, namely, the
Congress of the United States, having up to
that time remained unsatisfied of the validity
and sufficiency of these demands, took action,
avowing its satisfaction in their accuracy and
directing them to be paid. They were paid
and the State of Massachusetts received that
payment.
Now, Mr. President, I have heard it argued
here, and nothing in this case has surprised me
more, that such a payment worked no extin-
guishment of interest, but that afterward a
claim could be put in for interest independent
of the principal, and that upon the usages of
war that claim could be maintained. The hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fre-
linghoysen] the other day called attention to
this point, and he was answered by the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] positively and
fully that such was not the law. Without hav-
ing looked very far since that time for authori-
ties on this subject I have taken pains to have
brought here some of the familiar cases on the
subject; and before referring to one or two of
them I beg to submit what I understand the
law to be upon this point; and if it goes fur-
ther, or not so far, I wish some Senator would
present from some text-book or some other book
of authority countervailing evidence. Now, sir,
I undertake to say that wherever the principal
is paid and received in satisfaction of the prin-
cipal, there being no pretense that it satisfies
interest, that accord and satisfaction extin-
guishes interest unless one of two things be
true: unless, in the first place, the obligation
upon which the payment was made upon its
face stipulates for interest; or, in the second
place, when the payment is made the parties
themselves stipulate that the claim for interest
shall survive. Inasmuch as this proposition w'as
denied by one of the Senators from Maine I
sent for a volume of Maine Reports, thinking
that perhaps a case from Maine might be locally
more satisfactory than some other case; and
I call the attention of the Senate to the case
of Howe vs. Bradley, reported in 19 Maine Re-
ports, in which the opinion of the court was
given by Shepley, justice. There was a dis-
senting opinion ; and I ask the attention of the
Senate to the point which the court decided and
the distinction taken by the judge who dis-
sented. The court say:
"Interest is regarded as incidentalto the principal
debt and not as a part of it. The interest accruing
before an act of bankruptcy cannot be added to the
principal to form a sufficient petitioning creditor's
debt. (Exparte Burgess, 8 Taunt., 660; Cameron vs.
Smith, 2 B. and A., 305.) It has been decided that an
action cannot be maintained to recover the interest
after payment of the principal."
Citing cases both in England and in this
country.
Mr. Justice Emery dissented from the opin-
ion in this case, the facts of which I do not
stop to state; and now I ask the attention of
the Senate to the criticism which the dissent-
ing judge made upon the law as laid down in
the language I have read. He
"In New York,too,notwithstanding the decisions
cited from Johnson and Cowen, which last states the
rule there of casting interest, in Stevens vs. Barrin-
ger, 13 Wendell, 639, it was held that an action may
be' sustained for the recovery of interest, although
the principal of a debt has been paid, when the pay-
ment of interest is stipulated for in the contract. It
is only where interest is not stipulated for in thecon-
tvact, and is recoverable merely as damages or as an
incident to the debt that a creditor is precluded from
sustaining an action for its recovery after accepting
the principal."
Again he says:
"In Pake vs. Eddy's Ex , 15 Wendell, 76, the same
doctrine was maintained, and tho chancellor said
' the counsel for the plaintiff are wrong in supposing
that the rule of law that an action cannot be sus-
tained for the interest of a demand after the princi-
pal has been paid is applicable to this case.' The
cases of Tillotson vs. Preston, 3 Johns. R., 229;
Johnston vs. Brannnn, 5 ib. 268; and The People vs.
The County of New York, 5 Cowen's R., 333, were all
eases in which there was no contract for the pay-
ment of interest, and it could only be recovered as
damages for the non-payment of the principal debt
when it became due."
There the acceptance of the principal ex-
tinguishes the claim for interest. Is there any
doubt about it in the experience or reading of
any lawyer in this body? Did anybody ever
hear that you could reopen and reexamine an
accountupon a question of interest unless there
was fraud or surprise in the case? I undertake
to say never in the history of jurisprudence in
this country or in England for more than one
hundred years.
I have another case, a very leading case in
my own State, a case decided by the court of
errors, the highest court known to us, upon
this very proposition ; and what did the court
say ? That the acceptance of the principal,
no matter how or why or wherefore, worked
an absolute extinguishment of all claim for
interest unless expressly the parties reserved
that claim and provided that it should survive.
My honorable from Missouri [Mr. Drake] says
that that is unquestionable law. Certainly it
is; and I would not have ventured to read
authorities in the hearing of the Senate to
establish such a proposition if I had not heard
my honorable friend from New Jersey contra-
dicted with great plainness of speech because
he affirmed that it was the law.
Mr. President, I ask honorable Senators—I
care not what their wish may be to see this
railroad built without private subscription—to
answer me one proposition. Let us suppose
that Massachusetts had a claim triumphant and
overmastering in its equity and its facts ; let us
suppose that claim was liquidated in 1814, if
you please; then take the fact that Massachu-
setts was called upon in 1886 to present all her
claims for services, disbursements, and expend-
itures, that she did so, that payment was
made and not one syllable said, as pretended
by anybody, as to the survivorship of interest.
Take that proposition and tell me how any
Senator who sits here to administer trust funds
can vote as a matter of law or as a matter of
conscience that now a claim for interest can
be predicated of the principal paid so long ago?
I undertake to say, Mr. President, that there
is not a court of equity in Christendom, taking
the whole case as stated in favor of the claim-
ants without diminution or addition, which
would decree that the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts or the Canadian Railway Company
has the shadow of a claim against the Govern-
ment of the United States for interest upon
these advances. And yet, sir, we find ourselves
in a very extraordinary, a very unusual position.
There comes from the Committee on Foreign
Relations a verbal report in favor of this claim.
I wonder that we have not heard during this
debate what the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions had to do in theory of law or in possibility
of fact with a claim of this description. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts who
leads the effort to establish it is chairman of
that committee. Second upon it is the equally
distinguished Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
senden,] and the proposition is to attach it to
a bill coming from a committee which is led by
the other Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,J
and which is dignified by the presence of the
other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son;] and my honorable friend from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patteksox,] and who by his
action in the other branch was committed to
this claim, happens also to be a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations ; and thus we
are brought to an accidental condition of things
which was described by another person on a
somewhat different occasion as a "fortuitous
combination of unforseen contingencies."
Mr. DRAKE. I would like to furnish the
honorable Senator from New York with a little
information just at this moment in connection
with the point that he is now discussing if it
would be agreeable to him that I should do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from New
York yield to the Senator from Missouri?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I have been very much puz-
zled to comprehend how it could be that this
subject could properly emanate from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and I have just
got the explanation of it. A bill was presented
on the 11th of March, 1867, by the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessendes,] read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, entitled "A bill to provide for the defense
of the northeastern frontier," as ifitweremen-
aced ! That bill was reported the day after it
was referred to that committee, "reported by
Mr. Sumner without amendment," and it pro-
posed, not that the interest claim of Massa-
chusetts against the United States should be
transferred to this European and North Amer-
ican Railway Company, but that the proceeds
of all the claims of Massachusetts against the
United States arising prior to the year 1860
should be transferred to that company. That
is the way that this thing comes into the bands
of the Committee on Foreign Relations and is
reported by that committee—reported the day
after the bill is sent to that committee, and
reported without amendment. I give this for
the information of the honorable Senator from
New York.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, it is not
for me certainly to animadvert, except so far
as properly and necessarily the facts^are before
us, upon the reasons, upon the considerations,
upon the arrangements which have led to the
presentation of this measure. The zeal with
which Senators feel called upon to press for-
ward in the advocacy of local interests behind
them present questions, of course, in the case
of each Senator to be determined for himself.
But I refer to this matter to say that it will be
an evil day, a day of misfortune when the fate
of particular claims, the interests of particular
States or corporations are to depend upon the
attitude which may be held upon committees
having particular measures in charge by the
local representatives from the sections in which
those claims arise.
Now, sir, I cannot believe that any committee
of this body to which this claim naturally
would have gone would not have made to us a
