1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
written and explanatory report so as not to
leave us in the situation in which we are found
by the circumstances of this case. Certainly
no committee to which it lmd naturally been
referred would have reported it so late that it
must be discussed at the hazard of all the legis-
lation of the session. Certainly no such com-
mittee would have reported it when it was least
expected as an appendage to a bill in connec-
tion with which nobody could have been pre-
pared to consider or discuss it; and certainly it
would not have come without a written report,
without one word of explanation except that
afforded by the arguments made in the Senate
by particular Senators chancing to be members
of this committee.
So much, I think, I have a right to say. It
is not the good fortune of the State of New
York to be able to avail herself of this move-
ment in reference to $3,000,000 which she
advanced during the war lately closed, and as
to which I want an investigation of interest
accounts if a principle of this sort is to be
established. I believe, sir, that any member of
this body investigating this claim in the light
of the facts conceded to exist, and called upon to
make report upon the considerations which I
have endeavored imperfectly to suggest, would
never fail to establish as far as a report could
establish it the proposition of law that receiv-
ing in 1809 the principal of this claim, in the
absence of all agreement to pay interest before
or at the time, bars all claim for interest. At
all events it is a question, I submit, worthy of
the examination of a committee of this body,
a question which ought not to be whistled down
the wind by the accident, by the haste of an
occasion of this sort, so untimely, and I must
be permitted to say so inappropriate as con-
ducive to fair and* considerate legislation.
And, Mr. President, 1 ought not to fail to
remind the Senate that interest in this case is
barred, not as a technicality, not as the statute
of limitations steps in and barsa claim—because
that at times has been held to be technical,
although I never believed that that was the
philosophy even of a statute of limitations—
but this bar is more philosophical, more equi-
table even than that. It proceeds upon the
wholesome presumption that when the minds
of the parties have met upon an agreement,
the intendment, the effect of which is thor-
oughly established by the law and the under-
standing of the commercial world, it concerns
good morals, it concerns the just composition
of differences among men, that each party
should stand to and abide by the terms and
the conditions he has made. It proceeds upon
the idea long embalmed, both in the civil and
in the common law, that it is hurtful that
afterward, except upon grounds of surprise
or fraud, either party should be permitted to
invent, to conjure up, to conceive in good faith
or bad, new elements in the account, and bring
them in, to the end that controversy may be
opened.
In this connection, and before I take my
seat, I wish to allude to one other thing, only
one of the many things upon which I should
have been glad to comment, which I have
heard in the course of this debate. The honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts has repeated
more than once, as a part of his case ap-
parently, that this interest had not been paid
for nearly half a century, or whatever the time
may be; that during all these many years
Massachusetts had been kept out of this inter-
est. Why, sir, as upon the point which I just
left, so here is, I submit, a total perversion, a
total reversal of the whole theory of law. Until
now, in every horn-book of the law could be
found denunciations of stale demands; and in
many of the States of this Union—New Jersey
for one, if I am not mistaken—it is at least a
misdemeanor, and sometimes has been made
a felony, to transfer at all by assignment a
claim so old as this. Statutes leveled against
fraud, against undue advantage, have de-
nounced as a crime the transfer of demands
much youngor than this. So in every system
of jurisprudence with which, we are familiar
the diligent creditor has been encouraged and
stale demands have been stamped with the dis-
approbation of every species of judical courts.
But here we are told that if the State of
Massachusetts and the Northeastern Railway
Company, or the European and North Ameri-
can Railroad Company, if that be the title, have
lain by year in and year out, although children
then unborn have grown gray in the mean
time, although payments have been received
on account and finally the last installment of
principal has been paid and accepted, and no
breath breathed of a claim of interest, yet so
far from that working an extinguishment, so
far from discrediting and disproving this
demand, the equities of Massachusetts only
mount higher because for half a century she
has slept upon her rights. That is a new idea,
is it not? Did any lawyer ever hear before
that in law or in equity half a century of silence
was a recommendation, an increase of the
probability and equity of a claim? It simply
makes the current of authority run up hill to
contend for any such doctrine.
Mr. President, I conclude my comment upon
this amendment with this statement:
First, by universal law and American law
Massachusetts never had, to begin with, a claim
to the interest as following by right the princi-
pal of this demand.
Second, if such a right existed it could exist
only from and after the time when the demand
was liquidated.
And, third, after that time confessedly there
never having been a demand for interest or
promise to pay it, an account, some account,
I care not what, was stated of the claims of
Massachusetts for services, disbursements, and
expenditures, which account was allowed,
every penny of it was paid to and received by
Massachusetts ; and now if every penny of it
was principal, if it was received only as prin-
cipal, the truth existing that no promise was
made at the time to pay interest, by the universal
concurrence of authority, to which I respect-
fully challenge an example to the contrary, it
was an accord and satisfaction, in spite of
which no court of equity could decree and no
court of law could adjudge that a shadow of
right exists to demand interest upon the prin-
cipal sum paid. On the contrary, that aceord
and satisfaction stands as an insurmountable
barrier against every known approach but one.
If it be true or if it be insisted that the party
to that accord was imposed upon, that fraud or
surprise entered into it, that suffocates the right,
in the quaint language of an old judge; fraud
unravels and vitiates every thing, and in the pres-
ence of fraud you may talk about reopening and
reexamining an account stated ; but when the
principal has been paid, and the proposition is
that interest not stipulated for at the time shall
be demanded afterward, the law and equity and
truth all concur in saying never, never accord-
ing to law.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President. I have not
been seen by any one from the lobby in refer-
ence to this measure. My vote must be gov-
erned and will be governed by the information
that I have received through the declarations
and speeches of the different Senators, and I
must confess that it is a very difficult thing for
me to make up my mind as to the vote I shall
give from those speeches. I must, therefore,
be governed by my own judgment and reflec-
tion in the matter ,- and being governed by that,
I have come to the conclusion from the speech
uttered by the Senator from New York that
my duty leads me to vote for the claim pre-
sented by the State of Massachusetts; and
while coming to that conclusion I must beg
leave for a moment to pause in the contempla-
tion of the remark which fell from the lips of
that eminent Senator, that New York pays one
third of the income of the Government. Now,
in my judgment it is susceptible of the clear-
est demonstration that the people of New Eng-
land to-day pay as much of the revenue derived
from the State of New York as the people of
the State of New Y'ork themselves. That re-
mark of the honorable Senator has led me to
this reflection, which had not entered into my
calculations before upou this question ; whether
it has struck him or the Senate it has struck
me, that the opposition from the Senator or
the influence which has resulted in his oppo-
sition has been in the contemplation of the
effort made by New England at this time and
in this way to extricate herself from the tribu-
tary relation which exists between her and the
city and State of New York. That relation
will certainly be severed, and it is the interest
of this whole country, South and North, East
and West, that that relation shall in some re-
spects be severed, and that the growing progress
of the great State of New York shall not come
here to dietate the legislation of the country as
well as its politics.
Sir, I am proud of the history of that State
and of her eminent men. They belong to the
country; they belong to New England as much
as they do to any other portion of the country.
The enterprises of New England and the public
spirit of her men engaged in those enterprises"
have contributed to the greatness of the State
and the people of New York; they share alike in
their glory and' in their prosperity. New Eng-
land must protect herself against the charges
that are made. Although the people of Rhode
Island, whom I have the honor to represent,
care but little for the people of Massachusetts
or of Maine upon this or any other question,
except when engaged in developing the enter-
prises of the country and in contributing to
the honor and to the glorious destiny in store
for us all, they yet feel that it is becoming and
will be becoming in them to defend the repu-
tation of New England, of which llhode Island
and the people of Rhode Island are a part.
I have sat here for the last four or five days
and listened to the shafts leveled against that
people, and I am unwilling to sit here longer
without entering a solemn protest against such
language. The war of 1812 is held up to the
country and to the Senate as a stigma, and all
the glory that there is in soldiery is supposed
to be handed down to our own time. I tell the
Senate and the country that the same act was
performed by the boasted honor and chivalry
and soldierly qualities of the men engaged in
the present rebellion in my own experience-
It will not do to go back sixty years and cast
a stigma upon that people who lost more by the
results of that war, that timid, ineffective, most
cowardly prosecuted war in the history of the
world—that people contributed more and lost
more than any similar people the world has
seen. Sir, she had no soil on which to subsist
a population ; she had by her energy and skill
established for herself and for the nation its
commerce; and what was the result? A war
was brought upon her by men in the interior,
who cried " war," ''war," when war would
injure them but little, but would contribute to
their trade, to their prosperity, and to their ad-
vancement. Beleaguered New England stood
firm. She was beleagured from all her borders,
from the Canada side and from the water side.
New York, with but a small entrance, was unin-
jured in fact. New Jersey was in fact unin-
jured. The great power of Great Britain was
standing against New England, and Senators
stigmatize her for refusing, as she ought to
have refused, to permit her only defense to
go—where ? Where there was no danger and
stay where danger was.
Sir, I am astonished at the words uttered
here by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler.] He belongs to New England.
For him to go back and visit upon that peo-
ple the language that he has used profoundly
affects me with astonishment and surprise;
and especially so when I have been on the
Committee on Commerce in this Senate and
when from time to time appropriations in-
creased two or threefold liave been given to
his State without any possible national ad-
vantage.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island yield the floor?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No.
