1868.
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
more than the want of ability to see the line of
progress marked out by the hand of Omnip-
otence_ and the want of energy to follow it.
But this dry rot of the soul never tainted Thad-
decs Stevens. One of the last acts of his old
age was the preparation of a plan for thorough
and universal education in the District of Co-
lumbia, and among the first of his early man-
hood was the patronage, almost the parentage,
of the common-school system of Pennsylvania.
Those who have heard him within a year, and
when he required support to stand, denounce,
as we know how he could denounce, the bare
suggestion of reconstructing the South without
providing for universal suffrage, are irresistibly
carried back to the period long years before
when he stood up almost alone in the consti-
tutional convention of his adopted State the
advocate of the cause of self-government
against those who found it prudent silently to
outvote the man they did not dare to answer.
In contrasting the two pictures the mind is
led to believe and to wonder that in the lapse
of thirty years the man had grown no older.
His conduct in that convention is a lesson
to the young statesmen of his country. The
cause of universal suffrage which he espoused
was then an unpopular one, and there seemed
little prospect of it ever being otherwise. The
slaveholders of the South had long seen that
if the voice of the black man could be heard
in the North their hold upon their human
chattels would in time become insecure. With
their usual sagacity they had induced northern
politicians by flattery and patronage to enter
their services as voluntary bondsmen. These
bondsmen had created a public sentiment in
the North which assigned to the black man a
condition something between man and brute,
or rather a condition sometimes the one and
sometimes the other, as best suited their south-
ern masters: man as an element of political
power in his owner, man for the purposes of
accountability and punishment, brute for all
other purposes.
When the Pennsylvania convention of 1833
sat this public sentiment was 'at its height,
and that body was made up, to a large extent,
of these voluntary bondsmen. True to their
vassalage they hastened to record their servil-
ity to the slave power by silencing, as they
believed, forever the voice and the vote of the
black man in the councils of the State. They
thought it, safe to do this. The victims were
the few, the poor, and the powerless. It was
in vain that Steven's and those who felt with
him protested against the shame and the wrong.
The deed was done. Thousands of American
citizens were disfranchised; and that, too,
upon the spot where Penn, a century and a
half before, had founded the purest system of
self-government the world up to that time had
ever witnessed ; upon the spot where the
fathers of the Revolution sixty years before
had declared that all men are born free and
equal, and had bound themselves by the most
solemn obligation to write that holy sentence
upon American annals with their blood. But
when the work of the convention was com-
plete, and the organic law came to be signed by
the members, he whohad doneso much to make
it in other respects what it is refused to give
it the sanction of his name, and to this day tbe^
constitution of 1838 remains in the archives of
Pennsylvania with one vacant seal.
Yet the man whose name should be there
lived to aid in abolishing the institution in
whose interests Pennsylvania had sacrificed
her honor, and to see universal suffrage made
the cardinal principle of Americaniustitutions.
That missing name will be remembered with
gratitude when the names _a,nd principles of
those who so degraded their State have long
been consigned to merited oblivion. Let the
future statesmen of America learn tho.t it is
never safe to do wrong. Retributive justice is
sometimes slow, but it is always pure.
The memory of Tiiaddeus Stevens needs no
monument. The imprint of his mind is upon
the history of his country, and is more in-
effaceable there than would be the image of his
body upon marble. He was among the first
to see that the contest into which we were
forced in 1861 was war, not mere insurrection
to be suppressed in sixty days, and that it must
end in victory upon one side or the other with
all its rights and disabilities. When that eon-
test. was at last over he was among the first to
see that all civil relations preexisting between
the victors and the vanquished had ceased to
be, leaving the latter wholly without civil gov-
ernment. Brushing away the ingenious soph-
istries with which a faithless Administration
sought to bewilder the public mind in the
interests of a fallen institution, he set about
the work of reconstructing the conquered
country in the interests of loyalty, progress,
and the rights of man. To him more than to
any other single individual is attributable the
fact that eight States of the Union have been
organized upon the basis of universal suffrage
and three more are about to be. As long as
self-government shall remain a principle dear
to the American heart Tiiaddeus Stetexs will
be remembered as its great champion. He
needs no monument, yet Pennsylvania owes
a tribute to her departed statesman. The
time will come, and that speedily, when she
will purge her organic law of all traces of the
unhallowed institution, all evidences of her
former vassalage. From a human stand-point
it would seem that Tiiaddeus Steven's should
have witnessed that, event; but it suited the
purposes of an Inscrutable Power to decree
otherwise. Let his beloved State do for him
what he did not live to do for himself. When
that day comes let the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania, by virtue of a solemn act of her Legis-
lature, on some day sacred to the cause of
humanity, in the presence of all that is great
and good within her borders, take from her
archives the constitution of 1838, and rever-
ently, with humiliation for the past and hope
for the future, blot out forever the discrimin-
ation between man and ;nan which God never
made, and opposite the vacant seal write the
name of Tiiaddeus Stevens. Then will be
accomplished what he lived for. Then will
Pennsylvania be worthy to account him among
the sous she has loved, honored, and mourned.
I cannot conclude the few remarks I arose
to offer better than by quoting the language of
my deceased colleague himself, in this Half,
upon the announcement of the death of Mr.
Noell, of Missouri, whom he knew and with
whom he sympathized :
"Other men more eloquent than ho mayhavebeeu
nailed to the bar of judgment, but no man ever ap-
peared before thatdread tribunal with more numer-
ous and ardent advocates. His advocates weie tbo
oppressed of every nation, the crushed of the Satanic
institution of slavery.
"Who would not rather take his chance in the
groat (liiy of accounts, before that Judge who is the
acknowledged Father of alt men, thfin tlio chance
of ordained hypocrites, miserable wretches who, pro-
fessing to hold a commission fi onion bisrh, impiously
proclaim slavery a divine institution?"
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, in the
death of Thaddeus Steyexs this House has lost
one of its recognized leaders, and the nation
one of her most distinguished sons. In his
departure we shall miss another of the uncom-
promising heroes of our anti-slavery revolution.
Elijah and Owen Lovejoy are entombed ; the
one at Alton, and the other at Princeton, Illi-
nois. Adams and Pierpont sleep beneath the
soil of their native Massachusetts; Theodore
Parker at Florence, in Italy; William Leggett
at New Rochelle, New York: Nathaniel P.
Rogers by his native Merrimae ; Gamaliel Bai-
ley ivithin the shadow of the national Capitol;
(biddings and Morris andLevvis in Ohio ; James
G. Birney in New Jersey; David Wilmot and
James Mott in Pennsylvania; John Brown at
North Elba, New York ; and there are others
whose lives were as heroic and beautiful and
unselfish, whose names I do not now recall.
'To these must be added more than three hun-
dred thousand, the fallen heroes and martyrs
of our liberating Army, who sleep on every
national battle-field from the heights of Gettys-
burg to the banks of the Rio Grande. Pre-
eminent among all this invincible army of
heroes, prophets, and martyra is Abraham
Lincoln,
"The generous, merciful, and just,"
With this grand army of unselfish patriots,
hiscontemporaries and eolaborers, we have laid
down to rest all that is mortal of our friend in
the bosom of his beloved Pennsylvania.
The benediction of millions followed him to
his tomb, and to-day in the free home of every
black man, and of all men who love liberty,
there is sincere sorrow aud mourning.
Never again in these Council Halls will he
deliberate with the people's Representatives,
nor awaken the nation from its lethargy by his
genius and wonderful power.
The honorable gentleman whom his constit-
uents have elected to succeed him on this floor,
and those who have preceded me, have spoken
so fully of his early life, his heroic struggles,
and his personal history, that I need not add a
single word.
Through some of the most eventful years in
our history I have been intimately associated
with him on this floor. During all that time,
which included the darkesthours in the nation's
life—hours which tested the constancy and
courage of men—he bore himself with such
unquestioned fidelity to the cause of human
freedom as to command even the respect of
political opponents and the cordial indorse-
ment of all liberty-loving men.
As we engage in the memorial services of
this hour, and bear him again in our hearts
from this Capitol and the scenes of his strug-
gles and wonderful triumphs, let the nation
stand with uncovered head and its bells peal
forth the solemn sound of an anthem more
appropriate than any words of mine:
"Toll I Toll I Toll!
All mortal life must end.
Toll I Toll 1 Toll I
Weep for the nations friend.
Oh 1 the land he loved will miss Mm,
Miss him in its hour of need;
Momns the nation for the nation.
Till its tear-drops inward bleed. "
Let bands of mourning drape the homestead,
And the sacred house of prayer:
Let mourning folds lay black and heavy
On true bosoms everywhere!
Toll! Toll! Toll!
Never again—no more—
Comes back to earth tbo life that goes
Hence to the Eden shore [
Let him lestl it is not often
That his soul hath known repose.
Let him rest!—thev rest but seldom
"Whose successes challenge foes.
He was weaiy, worn with watching.
His life-crown of power hath pressed
Oft on temples sadly aching-
He was weary; let him rest!
Toll bells at tne Capitol,
Bells of the land toil!
Sob out your grief with brazen lungs,
Toll! Toll! Toll!"
Mr. Speaker, though Death come never so
often, he casts at the portals of the tomb shad-
ows ever new and mysterious, and ever and
always hath for the living his admonitions and
his lessons.
By the side of the grave we all realize that
there are voices whispering to us out of the
shadowy silence beyond the river.
In such an hour we see with the natural
eye "as through a glass, darkly," but we have
the promise that if* faithful we shall see " face
to face." As there is no race of men without
the idea of a God and a future life, so in the
presence of death it is natural for all to pause
and think of the life beyond.
What is to be the destiny of our friend in
" that undiscovered country from whose bourne
no traveler returns," it is wisely not given us
to know. Let us-hope that he has gone up
into the presence of the God of nations and of
men bearing in his hands some of the broken
fetters which have fallen from the limbs of our
four million emancipated bondsmen. These
shall testify of his fidelity to justice and to his
love of the human race.
In that great day, when the secrets of all
hearts shall be revealed, I trust it may be said
to him by the Father of all, " Inasmuch as ye
have done it unto one of the least of these my
brethren, ve have done it unto me." And that
it will be" said I may without presumption
