1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
it is well; if not, it will not; but in future the
committee will understand that it is not neces-
sary to consult engineers with regard to engi-
neering, but to apply to tlie Senator from New
York.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of my
honorable colleague whether this appropria-
tion has been recommended by the chief of
the Engineer Bureau ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. It has not been?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not in the revised esti-
mates.
Mr. HOWARD. That is enough for me,
then.
Mr. POMEROY. This matter of the im-
provement of this river has been considerably
before the Committee on Public Lands, and I
am at a loss to know really what claims it has
as presented in this bill. I have been aware,
as all Senators have been, of the large dona-
tion of public lands given to this improvement
many y^ars ago; indeed before I had anything
to do with the Committee on Public Lands.
And this year and now the question is again
before the committee to see if there is not some
way by which the public lands not only in
Wisconsin but in adjoining States may be given
for this improvement. I have never yet been
able to see the merits of a case of this charac-
ter, or that we eould promote the public inter-
est by making a large contribution either of
money or land to a corporation owning a fran-
chise like this, if it be a franchise. They have
the right to make this connection, and I sup-
pose they got that right from the Legislature
of Wisconsin. I cannot see that duty to the
public requires us to make a large appropria-
tion of public lands for the benefit of any cor-
poration that proposes no improvement to the
public lands that are not sold, or to give money
• to enrich the corporation.
Mr. President, I understand that this im-
provement is asked for now as an experiment,
but not for the State, not for the country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inquire of the
Senator if he is quite certain that the appropri-
ation of land for which application is made is
for the river Wisconsin? Is it not for the
improvement of the Falls of St. Anthony ?
Mr. POMEROY. I was speaking of the old
appropriation made many years ago. There is
one this year for the Falls of St. Anthony.
_ Mr. CONKLING. None for this Wisconsin
river.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say, in re-
sponse to the inquiry of the Senator from Ore-
gon, that I heard no application for land for the
Wisconsin river thisyear before the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. It has notbecn before the
committee at any public meeting. The subject
is before the committee, but has not been
brought up.
Mr. HOWE. What subject?
Mr. POMEROY. Granting land to aid i'n
this improvement ?
Mr. HO WE. The improvement of the Wis-
consin river?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand it so.
Mr. HOWE. Where did the application
come from ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wis-
consin himself introduced the gentleman to me
who devoted considerable time in explaining
this very subject to me.
Mr. HOWE. I never saw any such man
myself. In some somnambulic state I might
have introduced him. [Laughter.] Is it not
the Sturgeon bay canal that the Senator has in
his mind ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It must be the Stur-
geon bay canal.
Mr. POMEROY. The improvement of the
Wisconsin river was presented to me. If the
gentleman I was introduced to had another
subject in his mind he failed to convince me
of it. All I wanted to say was that to venture
now without a recommendation from the en-
gineer department upon an appropriation of
money leading to the expenditure of millions,
or at least hundreds of thousands, in the
future is a most hazardous and unwise thing.
As this subject could not interest the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands sufficiently
to bring it before that committee, I cannot see
how it could interest the Senate and the coun-
try sufficiently to make the appropriation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I pre-
sume to say that the honorable Senator from
Kansas has confounded in his mind an im-
provement of the canal in our State for which
there have been some lands granted, and there
has been a pending proposition to obtain some
more lands. It is the Sturgeon bay canal,
which is a canal across from Green bay into
Lake Michigan, about a mile and a half, that
will shorten navigation from Chicago to Green
bay, I suppose, by one hundred miles. There
was a grant of some lands to aid in that, and
there has been an application for a further
grant of land ; and I presume that must be
what is referred to.
Mr. POMEROY. The appropriation I have
reference to was made when Wisconsin was a
Territory. Lands were granted 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In 1886 or 1838.
Mr. PO-MEROY. Lands were granted for
the improvement of the Fox river, which is
part of this very line.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is a part of the line
between Green bay and the Mississippi river,
but no part of the Wisconsin river.
Mr. POMEROY. No part of the Wisconsin
river, but a part of the line of which the Wis-
consin river forms a portion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It would form a part
if completed. Fox river from Fort Winnebago
to Green bay is a portion of the line ; to the im-
provement of the Fox river lands were granted,
and the company, I believe, claimed that they
had lands granted on tlie line of the Wiscon-
sin, but it was ruled against them. They never
received and could not receive any lands for
the Wisconsin river.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know what they
got. All I wanted to say was, that to make an
appropriation of money upon an experiment
of so little merit, upon an experiment that it
is not known at present whether it is for the
benefit of a company or a State, is most unwise,
as it seems to me. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Howe] says that the State of Wiscon-
sin does not ask it; but he says that it is an
important thing for other States, especially of
the States west of Wisconsin, and he mentions
my own State for one. He says that it is on
that account that he urges this appropriation
of $40,000. Now, I apprehend that Senators
from other States and the rest of mankind will
be as anxious to look after their interests as
the Senator from Wisconsin ; and as he does
not claim this for his State no other State claims
it for him.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him?
Mr. POMEROY. Of course.
Mr. HOWE. The correction Iwish to make
is this: I did not say the State of Wisconsin
did not ask this; I said she did not ask it for
herself; it was not for her especial good.
Mr. POMEROY. Is she the guardian of
any other State?
Mr. HOWE. She is a part of the United
States, and has the same right to petition here,
I suppose, that other people have. I said Wis-
consin was doing very well having this trade
carried over her borders by railway. The
Legislature of Wisconsin has memorialized
Congress in favor of this improvement, and in
favor of a great many other improvements—
that upon the Falls of Niagara among others.
The State of Wisconsin deems that she has a
right to approach the Congress of the United
States by memorial, and does not mean to tread
on Kansas when she does so, by any manner
of means.
Mr. POMEROY. I have nothing against
the State of Wisconsin. I hope the gentle-
man does not intend to make an argument
now.
Mr. HOWE.
I simply want to correct you
on a matter of fact. I did not make the state-
ment you. put into my mouth.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wis-
consin gave us to understand distinctly that this
was no improvement particularly called for by
the State of Wisconsin. All I have^ to say in
reply to that is that it is not called for by any
other State, and therefore I think it ought not
to be made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me to interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to close.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He may not be aware
of the fact that just before the session of Con-
gress commenced there was a convention held
in pursuance of the call of the Governors of
Minnesota, Iowa, Wisconsin, and some of the
other States; I do not know whether the State
of Kansas joined in it or not. There was a
very large convention held at the mouth of the
Wisconsin river, at Prairie du Chien, and their
memorial has been presented to -Congress and
urged on Congress. The Governor of the
State of Iowa has been here as a, member of
a committee appointed by that convention to
present this whole subject to Congress and to
ask its action. I have to say to the honorable
Senator also that while my colleague from his
residence—residing at Green Bay, which-will
be the point where this communication will
connect with the lake—may feel a little modest
in speaking of what may be anticipated from
the completion of this work, I, who liye in the
southeast corner of the State of Wisconsin, one
hundred or one hundred and fifty miles away
from the canal or any part of it, and where
neither I nor the citizens in my locality can
have any possible interest in the question, ven-
ture to speak what I believe is the truth in
relation to this improvement, when I say that
the time is coming when more grain will be
carried over that water improvement from the
States of Iowa and Wisconsin, and even as far
down perhaps as Kansas, than is carried over
all the lines of railway across the State of Wis-
consin put together. It will be the water route
of communication for that region. It needs
but to be developed in order to disclose these
results.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senators from
Wisconsin do not have any interest in this
question I do not think those from other States
than Wisconsin have any.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The State of Wisconsin
has that interest in the subject which every
State would have that could secure a great
water communication which would be of ad-
vantage to itself and to other States adjoining
it. I think that there has been an effort on the
part of some Senators certainly to depreciate
the value of this work. I do not believe that
it will require a large expenditure of money to
put the Wisconsin river into a condition of
navigation. This $40,000 may not do it; but
it is claimed by the engineers that this amount
of money will be enough to settle the question
whether the erection of theso dams upon the
sands of the Wisconsin would of itself improve
the navigation. I know what has been the
effect of one dam upon the river Wisconsin
made by people residing in the neighborhood.
At a landing on the shore of the Wisconsin
river, on the north side, a wing-dam was made
by the citizens interested voluntarily, and it
produced a navigation on the shores of the
Wisconsin river for nine miles in length and
the water was more than seven feet deep. That
was done just by directing the channel between
certain islands; and I believe the thingis practi-
cable myself. Wing-dams can produce as good
navigation of the Wisconsin river as there is of
the Upper Mississippi river. The Wisconsin
river is a larger river than the Ohio at Wheel-
ing; more water runs m it; and the only dif-
ficulty is that if the channel of the river were
made more narrow and not so wide it could be
navigated and joined with this other navigation
from Fort Winnebago on the Fox river down
to Green Bay. It is to be the great outlet for
the heavy articles of produce of Iowa, Minne-
sota, and the country beyond, and it is worth
