M-eOMJeESglO^L GLOBE.
Marcli •'&,
' -The' PRESIDING OFFICER. The'Sen-
ator declines to yifftd. The, Senator- -froni
Rhode Island is entitled-to tie floor. ": *
; Mr. SPRAGUE. Investigate the appropri-
atioils.- I know-about them. Bat here in my
judgfaent, notfally known possibly to the pro-
jectors of this enterprise, is a wofk of great
national importance; and 1 have been led" to
believe and-to realize, since listening-to "iHe
remarks made by the different Senators, that
if there is any project more entitled than an-
other to their candid consideration aiid inves-
tigation, considering the whole- country, this
is tb£ one.'-T vvill not speak of the'-men-who
aided in' that most disastrous and cowardly
war of 1812-14, but I wilt say that the' ipen
who led the rank and file engaged in what-
ever of honor there was in-it came from'the
Schools located in New England; and the?
only naval fleet victory to-day that the nation
has to boast of-came, from the little State of-
„ Rhode Island commanded by Perry. So it
will not do for men who understand* the true
history of that people %nd the true relations
which subsist' between the energetic people
of New England and the rest of this eountry
to indulge in such comments as we have heard
here; but I forbear farther to comment on that
subject.
My remarks have been extended longer than
I intended when I rose, and I will not longer
detain the Senate,
' Mr. CHANDMBB.- The Senator from Rhode
Island has drawrfopon his fancy for his facts,
and it is a poor draft for he has not caught
anything. I made no charge against New Eng-
la'nd, riot a word of it, not a syllable, except
upon the men who are pressing this fraudulent
claim. I charged that upon them ; but not one
word did I say of the soldiers of New England
in the war of 1812, nor did I cast a reflection
upon them.
Now, sir, while I am up I wish to make one
single statement that I forgot when I was up
before. I stated then how these accounts were
opened on the 3d day of March, 1857. I like-
wise stated that the Senator from Massachu-
setts very properly and justly voted against
that proposition, deeming it then as I do now
a fraudulent one.
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, an improper one.
On the 31st day of May, 1858, that was fol-
lowed by this amendment—and this is a rep-
etition of what I stated the other night—moved
to an appropriation bill:
"And be it further enacted, That the proper account-
ins officers of the Treasury be authorized and di-
rected to examine the accounts between the United
States and the several States which have been or may
be allowed interest upon claims against the United
States which have accrued during or since the war
of 1812 with Groat Britain, and apply in such exam-
ination the.provisions anc' principles of the twelfth
section of the act of March 3, 1857, entitled 'An act
making appropriations tor certain civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1858,'
and thatany moucy found upon such reexamination
to be due any State shall be paid to such State ont
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated."
This proposition, had it passed in May, 1858,
would have opened all the accounts of all the
States that furnished money during the war of
1812 to readjustment on the basis of the set-
tlement of the claim of Maryland the year be-
fore; but that did not pass. In the following
year, on the 26th of February, 1859, the self-
same proposition was made in an enlarged
form. It was in these words:
" That all the States which havehad or shall hare
refunded to them by the United States moneys ex-
pended by such Stutes for militaiy purposes during
or since the war of 1812 with Great Britain, which
have not already been allowed interest - upon the
moneys so expended, shall now be allowed interest
so far as they have themselves paid or lost it; said
interest to be computed by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury according to the provisions
and principles directed to be applied to the caso of
Maryland by the twelfth section of the act of March
3, 1857, entitled 'An act making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending Juno 30,1858;' and that all the States which
have been allowed interest upon claims against the
United States, accruing during or since said war of
1812, shall bo entitled to have their interest accounts
reexamined and restated by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury according to the provisions
a'ifif principles of the twelfth section of said act of
Mfi-vch K, 1857and' that thbse provisions and' prin-
ciples sji all govern the eoa pu,tation f interest in all
eases, in which' interest may hereafter b,e allowed to
airy of the States. Any money found to bo due to
any State, as directed by this seetiorrto be computed
and, ascertained, shall be paid- to such State out of
any money in-the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated."' " -' ' • '
That, did not become a law, but it was pressed
by all the old States which had an interest in
tnese "claims, and the amount then, on the 26th
Jay of February, 1850, was over $17,000,000.
The , old States which would receive' these
$17,000,000, of which $1,070,000 was to" go to
fhe,State o£ Virginia alone, combined to make
this a law. ..Here let me say that if this rule
is" to.be applied to Massachusetts there will be
no power to resist Its application to every other
State having a claim against the Government.
The amount to-day is not $17,000,000*, as it
was on the 26th of February, 1859, for there
is ten years' interest "to be added, so that if
you allow this claim to Massachusetts accru-
ing from the war of 1812 there is no way on
earth that you can resist any other claim of
any other State upon the same basis, and that
whole amount to-day, for.compound interest
on claims arising in the war of 1812, not of
$17,000,000, b«t of over $20,000,000, will
have to be paid; If we are going to pass this
claim and give this amount to Massachusetts
let us'take the amendment offered in 1859 and
give it to all the States and settle the whole
thing at once. Let us pay the whole twenty
or twenty-four or twenty-five millions, what-
ever it is, and have done with it, and not have
it pressed upon us year after year until it is all
finally to be allowed.
I state that the total amount is over twenty
millions, to-day of compound interest on these
old claims, and if we allow this we shall have
to go the whole figure. When we combined all
the new States then and settled it they gave it
up and said "this question is settled forgver
and will never again be pressed;" buTit now
comes up; it is the same old monster in another
form, but now it is for a railroad company in
Maine, presenting a claim for' the States of
Massachusetts and Maine, not for all the States.
Why not bring In the whole thing? Let us take
at once the whole dose. It is a bitter dose, but
we may as well swallow it at once as have it
given to us piecemeal year after year. I hope
the proposition will be rejected.
_ Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I do not
rise to deliver a lecture to anybody. Senators
have a right to discuss as long as they please
every question here ; but it does appear to me
that Senators opposed to this amendment might
allow us to take the vote on it, so that if it be
not the will of the Senate that it shall be voted
down there may be then some reasonable ex-
cuse for attempting to defeat the bill, it hav-
ing been adopted ; but if the Senate shall vote
it down those Senators will have no complaint
to make, and it is the last time the amendment
can be offered. I hope we shall be allowed to
vote.
Mr. CONKLING. There is some wisdom in
that suggestion.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know whether
there is or not. I do not speak it for the wis-
dom there is in it. I do not hope to enlighten
anybody. I hope we shall be permitted to vote
and go on with the public business. If this
bill must be lostbecause this amendment shall
be adopted let it be lost after it is adopted;
but let us not fight the time away until that is
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on tjhe amendment to the amendment
moved by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by adding thereto the follow-
ing:
And the Treasury officers are hereby authorized to
audit .and pay to the loyal -owners of tho slaves that
wero drafted or enlisted info the military seryioe of
the United States during the late rebellion the bcranrty
to whiiih such™owners may be entitled under the law
of Congress.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr, Summer.]
■ Mr. SUMNER and others called for the
yeas and nays.
.. The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted'—yeas 16, hays 25; as follows,:
YEAS—Messrs. Oattel], Corbett. l?essenden, Mc-
Donald-, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ross, Sawyer, Sprasue, Stun-
ner, Van Winkle, Viekers, Warner, and Wilson—16.
NAYS—-Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Conkling,
Conness, Dayis, Drake, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Rice, Robertson, Sherman,
Stewart, Trumbull, Willey, and Williams—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Cameron, Cole, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry,
Eowler, Harlan, Kellogg, Morton, Norton, Osborn,
Pool, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Spencer, Thayer, Tipton,
Wade, Welch, Whyte, and Yates—25.
So the' amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
frossed and the bill to be read a third time,
"he bill was read the third time, and passed.
message ¥rom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House "had passed the following joint
resolutions and bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 474) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to admit
free of duty a certain submarine telegraph cable;
A joint resolution (II. R. No, 475) for the
appointment of Thomas A. Qsborn as manager
of the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2022) to repeal the first
section of an act relating to appeals to the
Supreme Court; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2023) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868.
enrolled bills sign cd.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 2009) to authorize the Secretary of
War to place at the disposal of the National
Lincoln Monument Association at Springfield,
Illinois, damaged and captured ordnance ;
and the enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No.
217) for printing the Medical and Surgical His-
tory of the Rebellion; and they were signed
by the President pro tempore.
railroad in oregon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission
of the Senate, I wish to report back a bill from
the Committee on Public Lands. I am di-
rected by that committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 918) explanatory of the act of
July 25, 1866, granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Central Pacific railroad, in Califor-
nia, to Portland, in Oregon, to report it back.
I had desired to make a written report on the
case expressing my views from the committee
but I have not been able to do it. It has been
impossible. I regret to be compelled to re-
port the bill back without any recommenda-
tion on the subject. My impression is that the
questions between the two "companies are judi-
cial questions, and that all that it is the duty
of Congress to do is to remove the condition
on which the grant is made so that the rightful
grantee under the authority of the State of
Oregon shall enjoy it. This view I desire to
express, as I was not able to do it in the form
of a report.
issue and printing of securities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to make a report at this time from the joint
Committee on Retrenchment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none. . -
