1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
The many years of distinguished public service
of the deceased, his skill as a parliamentarian,
his recognized ability as a leader, and the
powerful influence he wielded in the councils
of the nation gave him such prominence in the
eyes of the American people that since his
death they remember him not only as the
leader of a great party, but as a great American
statesman, whose name will be inscribed 011
the historic page along with those whom the
nation delights to honor.
Of the prominent men of this generation
perhaps none have greater claims to public
gratitude than Mr. Stevens. In Pennsylva-
nia his name will ever be associated with the
beneficent system of common schools, the
establishment of which was owing to his ability,
perseverance, and energy. The humblest lad
in the rudest cabin within the limits of the
State will live to bless the memory of Thad-
deus Stevens, for having placed within his
reach the means of an education. If, accord-
ing to the distinguished historian, Macaulay,
the gift of Athens to mankind of intellectual
knowledge constitutes her chief glory, and will
perpetuate lier memory, even in the decay of
her language and the degeneracy of her people
to the remotest posterity, amid the rise and
fall of kingdoms and empires, may it not
truthfully be said that the people of Pennsyl-
vania owe a debt of gratitude to Mr. Stevens
for this great gift to her sons, which will exist
as long as her mountains stand, and that his
memory will be preserved by them while their
language remains to speak his praises ?
But, passing beyond the confines of his
adopted State, we find that his name is widely
known throughout the country, and that by his
public course he has earned a nation'sgratitude.
A gigantic civil war threatened the life of the na-
tion and its public men were put to theseverest
test. Mr. Steyens at once rose into marked
prominence by his determined and powerful
hostility to the rebellion, its aiders and abet-
tors ; and his opposition, after its overthrow,
to all measures looking to the political ascend-
ency in the Government of those lately in arms
to destroy it, made him the idol of the loyal
millions of the country. Other men might be
misled either by a mistaken notion of what was
due to traitors, ovafalse philanthropy, orwicked
ambition, or desire for party predominance, but
there was an abiding faith in the loyal people
of the countrv that in Tiiaddeus Steyexs there
was " no variableness or shadow of turning,'•
and that in all the mutations of time and ter-
giversations of men, he would be true to the
cause for which their sons and brothers had
fallen. His career to its close vindicated fully
the popular confidence in his fidelity to prin-
ciple.
In foreign Governments the noble men who
are inaugurating movements looking to the dis-
enthralluient of the masses from kingly and
aristocratic rule lament his death, and in this
hour of sadness and sorrow we have their deep-
est sympathy. There is alwaj's a strong tie
between men of enlarged minds and compre-
hensive intellects, although there may be wide
dilferences of opinion between them as to the
best mode of advancing the interests of society
and the promotion of the welfare and happi-
ness of mankind ; but liow much stronger the
tie that binds the men who are moving together
in the great cause of humanity ! The cham-
pions of liberal principles in every clime realize
that one of their noble band is 110 more, and
not only a State and nation, ^but oppressed
humanity everywhere, deplore the death of the
great advocate of human rights.
But his memory will be fondly cherished by
that large body of people so recently liberated
from human slavery. An early opponent of
that institution, he battled^ against it wit.i all
the power of Ins gigantic intellect, until the
last shackle of the last ^hive was broken, and
this dav he is revered by them next only to the
immortal Lincoln. His name is a household
word in the humble cabins of four million
people whom he has helped up from the de-
grading condition of bondage into the blessed
light of freedom, and will be inseparably linked
with that great act of national justice by which
the emancipation of a race from servitude was
achieved.
As a private citizen lie was kind and gener-
ous, and always ready to lend a helping hand
to the needy and distressed. In public life
he was remarkably candid and unreserved in
expression of opinion. There was as little
danger of mistaking his views on any subject
of public interest, as that his antagonists would
not feel the strength of his powerful intellect
in enforcing them. He has been aptly styled
the great Commoner of the United States.
In many respects he was like the great Com-
moner of England. Like him he was bold and
fearless in the advocacy of the measures he
espoused. Like the elder Pitt he was not
sordid. His worst enemy could not say of him
that he enriched himself at the expense of the
public. Like him he carried his measures
often by his terrible earnestness, often by his
withering sarcasm and fiery invective. Like
him he rose into great and commanding influ-
ence in the nation, and successfully carried out
the measures he had so dauntlcssly advocated.
But, sir, time does not permit me to extend
these remarks. A great man has fallen. This
Hall will no longer resound with his eloquence
or the nation be thrilled with his patriotic
utterances, but in the ages to come, the heart
of the patriot and lover of humanity will swell
with joy and gratitude, at the mention of the
name oI'Thaddeus Stevens.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, as a
representative of one of the new Common-
wealths of the great West, 1 would add a few
words to the tributes which have already been
paid to the memory of Mr. Stevens. The
West owed him much. Although born amid
the mountains of Vermont, and representing
here an inland district of Pennsylvania, his
heart was as broad and liberal as his brain,
and embraced in its great scope every portion
of the continent. Ilis sympathies were espe-
cially active in behalf of those new communi-
ties whose destiny has been to subdue the
wilderness and spread in constantly widening
circles the domain of society and civilization.
It is especially fitting, therefore, that the West
should add to the wreaths which already adorn
his bier.
In every aspect in which we consider him
Mr. Stevevs was a great, man.
No one who ever knew him could doubt the
prodigious force and vigor of his intellect. It
seemed to embrace all the diversified subjects
of legislation incident to a great country and a
high degree of civilization. While there might
be here and there a member who, upon some
special topic, surpassed him, there was no man
in Congress who was so thoroughly conversant
with such a multitude of subjects. A singu-
larly retentive memory held ever ready for use
the experience and the learning acquired dur-
ing a long and industrious life. 'The move-
ments of his mind were as original and pecu-
liar as they were rapid and accurate. His
power in debate was unequaled._ His replies
were such as could not be anticipated. He
flashed back upon his opponent from some new
stand-point, or with some quaint conceit that
astonished while it confused him._ His irony
was terrible; it was withering: it denuded
sophistry to the bones. It left no room for
reply. The adroitness acquired during long
practice at the bar was everywhere manifested
in his conduct of debate. He knew when to
strike and when to loosen his hold, and when
to yield the non-essentials to save the essential,
but he never forsook his purpose.
An intellect of this nature, accompanied by
a degree of physical vigor Y,diich carried die
vivacity of youth and the endurance of man-
hood far into the domain of old age, would
have made Mr. Steyexs a marked man in any
position in life and in any age of the world.
But behind this intellect there was a character
still more remarkable. Behind this brain-
power there lay a will-power which has rarely
been equaled among the sons of men; an in-
tensity of purpose which 110 obstacle could ar-
rest, 110 defeat daunt, and a determination of
character which brightened with every encoun-
ter and rose freshened from every overthrow.
Nothing could stand in the pathofliis purpose.
That grim face never turned aside to catch the
fickle murmurs of popular applause. Public
opinion had no terrors for him. It should be
written over his tomb that "he never played
the demagogue." He never stepped down
upon the lower plane of popular error, but at
all times and on all occasions he dared to do
right, looking heaveu in the face and fearing
no man. He never flattered the people: he
never attempted to deceive them; he n'cver
"paltered with them in a double sense;" he
never courted and encouraged their errors. On
the contrary, on all occasions he attacked their
sins, he assailed their prejudices, he outraged
all their bigotries; and when they turned upon
him and attacked him he marched straight for-
ward, like Gulliver wading through the fleets
of the Lilliputians, dragging his enemies after
him into the great harbor of truth.
But all his intellect and character were sec-
ondary to the principles which underlaid them.
These were, indeed, great and noble.
Nature had given Mr. Stevens a generous
heart. He was emphatically the friend of man.
He seemed to feel that every wrong inflicted
upon the human race was a blow struck at him-
self. He could not understand that a wrong
could have any rights. He denied the power
of time to sanctify injustice. The dust of an-
tiquity could not screcn from his indignant
glance the horrible proportions of cruelty. He
seemed to feel that there should be 110 peace
in this world until every wrong was righted,
and he believed that the true end of govern-
ment was to right all the wrongs men suffer.
He was the embodied spirit of revolution. In
the great French struggle his oratory would
have outblazed Mirabcau. He would have
exulted in the glorious work of tearing to shreds
monarchy and aristocracy, and lifting to then-
feet the poor, degraded, oppressed peasantry
of France.
He would admit no compromise with wrong.
It could neither smile nor frown, nor coax nor
bully him into submission. Even the dark
shadow of assassination could not turn him a
hair-breadth from his path. He brought the
spirit of John Brown into the work of the
statesman. He led the assault against an cm-
battled host of wrongs and errors, and under
the providence of God they went down before
him and left the field clear almost to the hori-
zon. All honor ill the day of peace to the gal-
lant leader whose ringing voice never faltered
amid all the surging uncertainties of the terri-
ble struggle.
Against slavery as the mighty embodiment
of all human wrongs Mr. Stevens threw the
force of his intellect and character from the
very first. He felt with Mr. Lincoln that "if
slavery was not wrong nothing was wrong."
Its presence under the American flag he re-
garded as an outrage ; it polluted the very
air; it cried out with a million tongues to
heaven ; no fact, 110 incident connected with
it but was a perpetual appeal to the human
heart. Mr. Stevens was from the first an
uncompromising abolitionist— not yesterday
alone, but thirty, forty, fifty years ago, when
slavery was a sacred thing and its opponents
were ranked among the criminals of the land.
Such sentiments for a long time excluded
him from public life. At length came the
great revolution. The blind wrong had dra ^ged
down upon itself the pillars of the temple.
The curtain rose upon the grandest drama of
the world ; and the grim, iron-willed old man
stopped forward to do his appointed w01''51-
His was the most striking figure of all the
illustrious group gathered in that great scene,
lie had no doubts ; no scruples; he did not
weep over his opportunities; he exulted 111
