1844
HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Slid which from their present proximity to each
other are subject to frequent removals, adding to
their cost besides the danger in case of fire."
He says that if vessels could be sent there
it would in many cases obviate the necessity
of putting them in a regular dock-yard for
repairs, and adds:
" The waters of New London harbor are resorted
to by all nations, particularly for ships of heavy
drafts. It is the favorite cruising ground for naval
«ehool ships."
All that is' desired here is to make the proper
survey and repair a wharf already existing and
needing repair upon this Government prop-
erty. I hope the Senate will not concur in the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, the committee
had no fixed opinion about this matter. There
seemed to be an entire want of special inform-
ation on the subject; and for that reason, per-
haps, more than any other, it was non-con-
curred in. I shall make no farther remarks
about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know how
much of this appropriation is for a survey and
how much to repair the wharf.
Mr. FERRY. I cannot tell how much is for
the survey and how much is for the repairs of
the wharf. Of course no more -will be ex-
pended than is needed for this purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. We may just as well look
this thing in the face first as last; -it is simply
the starting of a new navy-yard. This appro-
priation will be followed next year by an ap-
propriation of ten times the amount. Now the
question is whe'ther we want one, and whether
the fact that an admiral who is in command of
one of the navy-yards has been induced to
write a letter in favor of this appropriation
shall cause us to make it without any invest-
igation by any organ of this body that would
justify us in acting upon it?
Mr. FERRY. The argument from possible
contingencies in the future seems to be one
which is not applicable to this case. The ap-
propriation is necessary to preserve public
property which the Government has invited a
State to cede to it for naval purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the survey necessary?
What is the object of the survey ?
Mr. FERRY. I cannot tell anything further
than that the Secretary of the Navy recom-
mended last year and recommends again this
year that this survey be made for the purpose,
I suppose, of ascertaining what may be neces-
sary to be done in order to adapt this prop-
erty ceded to the Government for Government
purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. Confessedly, according to the
Senator's statement, we are acting wholly in the
dark in this matter. It has not been investi-
fated by anybody at all. We do not know
ow much of this appropriation is to be made
for a wharf and how much is for a survey, nor
why a survey is ngcessary. All this survey has
been made once by the coast survey. I have
no interest in the matter. I will say, though,
in regard to the Government inviting this ces-
sion, that I think the State of Connecticut and
the city of New London were the parties that
invited it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think, with the Senator
from Iowa, that Congress ought to decide which
one of these navy-yards,.if we are to start a
new one, we shall make an appropriation for.
Mr. GRIMES. This bill provides for both.
Mr. POMEROY. I know there is in the bill
as it came from the Houseof Representatives a
small appropriation for League Island and an-
other for this station on the Thames. These two
sites have been in conflictherefor several years.
I do not know that we have ever given one the
preference oyer the other, though I have always
voted for the site on the Thames when I could,
because I have thought that was the best. I
think Congress ought to decide not to start
two navy-yards, but to start one. This making
a report and a survey is paving the way for
commencing a navy-yard. There is no doubt
about that, I think there should be one, and
I believe we ought before we make the appro-
priations to decide which of these sites we shall
have, and to that end I believe there ought to
be a report. Both sites are deeded to the
Government now. There was a contest for
several years in this body upon the point of
purchasing them, but they are now both deeded
to the Government. I do not think it is ex-
pedient to commence both, but I am willingto
vote an appropriation for one, and I have
always preferred the one on the Thames, be-
cause of the reasons which were given at great
length at the last Congress. It is more accessi-
ble to the ocean, it is in the midst of a fine
mechanical section of the country, it is.accessi-
ble to timber, it is within striking distance of
New York, the great commercial center. All
these reasons were urged here before. I do
not suppose the Senate can decide to-night on
an appropriation bill where the new navy-yard
shall be, but if they could decide which of these
points they would make appropriations to and
make them, and thus settle the question, I
think it would be for the public interest. To
keep these two sites running along, running
parallel with each other, contesting with each
other, each claiming precedence every year,
the result will be only to weaken instead of
strengthening the naval service. Before we
appropriate a dollar there ought to be some
decision reached on the question.
the PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations to strike out the clause
which has been read.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out from lines two hundred and seventy-
six to two hundred and seventy-nine, as follows:
For commissions at two and a half per cent, to
such superintendents as are entitled -to the same
under the provisions of the act of March 3, 1854,
$20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines two hundred and eighty to two hundred
and eighty-two, as follows :
For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army serv-
ing on light-house duty, the payment of which is not
made or provided for by the quartermaster's depart-
ment, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and three to strike out " fifty" and insert
"forty," so as to make the appropriation for
rebuilding a first-class light-house at Cape Hat-
teras, North Carolina, in addition to former
appropriations, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
three hundred and thirty-three :
For the construction of a light-house on Spectacle
reef, Lake Huron, $100,000.
The amendment wae agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee ought to
assign some good reason for appropriating
$100,000 up there. I suppose there must 'be
some good reason.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We put it in as
it is estimated for. That is the only reason.
Mr. POMEROY. Estimated for by the Light-
House Board ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Seckbtary. The next amendment is to
strike out from line three hundred and forty-
seven to three hundred and fifty-two, as follows:
And the unexpended balancc of the appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor of Ogdensburg,
New York, shall be applied, under the direction of
the engineer department, on such dredging at Og-
densburg aswill be most benefioialand advantageous
to the existing commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The_ next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso from line three hundred and
sixty-eight to three hundred and seventy-two :
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
have power, after one week's notice to the public, to
sell and convey any real estate no longer used for
light-house purposes, the avails of such salo to be paid
into the national Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
three hundred and eighty-eight, being in the
following words under-the appropriations for
the revenue-cutter service:
For commutation for quarters, $5,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why is that struck out?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Commutation
of quarters the committee understand not to
be applicable to this service. It is a new prin-
ciple, as the committee supposed, applicable
to this service. That commutation applies only
to the Army, and has never been extended
beyond it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only wanted to un-
derstand it. I did not know why the clause
was put in myself.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
four hundred and four and four hundred and
five, in the following words :
For fire-proof vaults for depositories, $25,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the chair'
man of'the Committee on Appropriations if he
has any information about that, if he knows
that the appropriation is not necessary ? -
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, Mr. Presi-
dsnt; we had not. We acted upon this pre-
sumption : no appropriation was made for this
item, last year, and the committee had no in-
formation that thp service had suffered for the
want of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there an estimate
for it ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is an esti-
mate for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should suppose it
might bo necessary in some eases. The de-
positories of the public money where they have
not buildings specially erected for the purpose,
but hire tenements, may require vaults. I
should think it very doubtful whether it would
be wise to strike out the appropriation, and I
should advise that it be retained. It must have
been put in for that purpose. There are sev-
eral depositories which occupy buildings that
are not fire-proof, not erected for that purpose,
and the Government might suffer very great
loss by fire if there were not fire-proof vaults.
I should advise the committee not to strike out
that clause unless they have investigated it
thoroughly.
Mr. GRIMES. We did not know anything
about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
had no decided information about it. It was
not appropriated for last year; but it will be
seen from the nature of the item that it can be
hardly expected to be an annual appropriation.
All that my colleague says about it may be
true, and very likely is true, but it was stricken
out simply because the committee had no
special information on the subject and found
that it was not appropriated for last year. If
the Senate should take a different view of it
the committee can have no objection.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line four hundred and six to four hundred and
nine, in the following words:
For fuel and miscellaneous items for custom-houses
and other public buildings belonging to the United
States under the supervision of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, $40,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
why that is stricken out. Is it not a customary
appropriation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; the facts
in regard to this item are the same as in regard
to the previous one. We had no special inform-
ation oh the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it estimated for?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It m-ust be necessary
unless it is provided for elsewhere.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I,believe the im-
pression of the committee was that appropria-
tions are usually made for the public buildings
specifically, and this seems to be a general item
for fuel and miscellaneous expenses for the cus-
tom-houses and other buildings belonging to
