1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
the United States under the supervision of the
Secretary of the Treasury. That I suppose
would cover all the public buildings in the
country. It was a little difficult for the com-
mittee to understand precisely what an item so
general in its phraseology really means. If
my colleague has special information on the
subject so as to render it absolutely certain he
perhaps can advise us better.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. I have no special in-.
formation; but it is perfectly obvious to any-
body who has any knowledge of the subject
that all this must be provided for, especially
fuel, and unless the appropriation is found in
some other bill I should think it to be neces-
sary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maiue. I do not think
it is in any other bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert after line
four hundred and twenty-five:
For post office and court-house at Columbia, South
Carolina, $75,000: Provided, That the site for the
same shall be givea to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line four
hundred and thirty-two. to insert:
For custom-house at Portland, Oregon, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
four hundred and thirty-four:
For construction of court-house and post office at
Des Moines, Iowa, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. At the end of line four
hundred and twenty-one there should beprinted
an amendment which has been omitted. Al-
though it was adopted by the committee it is
not reported in the printed bill. I therefore
move to amend the bill by inserting at the end
of line four hundred and twenty-one this pro-
viso :
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Poatmastcr General aie hereby authorized, with
the assent of the State of New York, .to exchange a
part or a whole of the point at the southerly extrem-
ity of the park, now the property of the United
States, with the city of New York for an equal or
greater amount of land further up said park, with
public plaef s on the northerly and southerly sides
of the lands so acquired: Prodded, That no money
shall be paid for such exchange.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not exactly under-
stand that. I should like to hare an explana-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. Perhaps I can make an
explanation to the Senator .which will satisfy
him. A site for a post office has been acquired
by the Government in the city of New York.
The precise position of that site is at the lower
extremity of the park, so that the post office
would be quite adjacent to the public streets.
It is not a very good situation in the park, and
there is or there may be a willingness to allow
the building to be located a little further from
the union of those streets, a little further up
the park. The effect of this amendment is to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury and Post-
master General to exchange the land which
has beeu bought for the same or a greater
quantity of land in the same park, but with-
drawn a little further from the point of the
park, so as to give a little more space around
the post, oliice building.
Mr. CORBETf. The same quantity ?
Mr. CONKLING. The same or a greater
quantity.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert after line four
hundred and forty-one:
For purchase of building known as "The Club
House," at Charleston, South Carolina, and the fit-
tms up thereof for the use of the United States courts,
5 ft,000, or so much thereof as may bo required; ana
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
make such purchase and lit up said building tor tho
said purpose, provided the same can be duno at ail
expense not larger than the said $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and fifty-one, to strikeout " fifteen" and
insert " fifty,'' so as to increase the appropria-
tion for eoort-bouse and post office at Port-
land, Maine, to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line five
hundred and sixty-three, to insert:
' And such construction shall be given to the joint
resolntion No. SO, approved 25th April, 1862, as shall
not abridge the grant under the aet of June 3,1856,
for a railroad from Fond du Lac northerly to the
State line, and the Chicago and Northwestern Rail-
road Company may select their lands along the full
extent of the original routeof said road as filed under
the said act.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear some
explanation of this amendment. 'I do not un-
derstand what it means.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] who drew
the amendment, for the explanation.
Mr. HOWE. This amendment was drawn
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and .it was drawn to meet a difficulty
which I will state. In 1856 Congress granted
to the State of Wisconsin and several other
States lands to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads. The road to be constructed in
Wisconsin was a road from Fond du Lac north-
erly to the State line. The State located that
road from Fond du Lac around the west side of
Lake Winnebago down on the Fox river as far
as Appleton, aud then struck due north to the
State line, the Secretary of the Interior having
decided thatthatword "northerly'' required the
location of the road as near a due north line
as the geography of the country would permit.
The lake obliged the State in locating the line
to deflect from a due north line to the west
until they got down below the lake, and then
they struck the due north line at a place called
Appleton, on the Fox river. From there the
road was located due north right through the
wilderness. They went on and built on that
line until they got to Appleton, but the line as
located carried the road away from the harbor
at the mouth of Fox river. The people in the
interior of the State wanted to get to that har-
bor and the Legislature petitioned Congress to
allow the location of the road along the river
and bay ; and in 18C2 this act was passed :
" That the word ' northerly' in the first section of
the act entitled 4 An act granting public lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State,' approved June 3, 1856, shall,
without forfeiture to said State or its assigns of any
rights or benefits under said act, or exemption from
any of the conditions or obligations imposed thereby,
be construed to authorize the location of the line of
railroad in said first section provided for upon any
eligible route within ranges sixteen or twenty-three
inclusive cast of the fourth principal meridian."
That allowed them to build down the river.
"And the line of railroad as now located, nccord-
ing to the records of the General Land Office in pur-
suance of said act, is hereby authorized to beehanged
to within the above specified limits: Provided, how-
ever, That upon the construction of said i.iilroad
upon the new line, or of a sufficient part thereof,
according to the terms of.said act. the State of "N is-
consin. its grantees or assigns, shall receive upon the
route originally located and in the manner prescribed
by the act the same quantity of lands, and no more
or other, except as hereinafter provided for, as it or
they would have received if such railroad had been
constructed upon the line originally located."
The provision " hereinafter" made is ajiro-
vision giving the State eighty acres out ot the
military reservation at the mouth oi the^Fox
river, through which the new location of the
road was made. They were to have the same
amount of lands on the old line, and no more
or less, with the exception of that eighty acres,
as if the road had been built on the line first
located. That provision was made because all
the lands on the new line had been purchased
and were then owned along that line, and no
lands could be had. They have gone on and
built the road down to the mouth of the river.
I drew this act myself, and my intention was to
give the company the same amount of lands
per mile that they would have if they built the
old line; but the north line of the State runs
from the northwest to the southeast, so that on
the new line they struck the State line in a less
number of miles than on the old line. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office, when
this act came to be submitted to him the other
day for construction, came to the conclusion
that all the lands the company could have
would be the quantity there was on the old line
south of the point which the new line would
cover if swung right around on to the old line.
It happens that the lands on the south end
of the line first located for a long distance are
almost all purchased and were at this time.
Within the first twenty miles there are but forty
acres of land secured, and within the next
twenty miles there is but very little, and in the
whole distance they get but a very small quan-
tity of land. Upon stating to the Commissioner
what my purpose was in drawing the act tho
Commissioner was satisfied that he had made
a mistake in the construction of it; but the
Secretary of the Interior could not see his way
clear to change the construction, and so I have
been obliged to come to Congress. This amend-
ment was drawn by the Commissioner of the
Land Office himself for the purpose of enabling
the State to have the same number of acres
per mile of road to be built which she would
have had if she had built on the old line, that
being, as I supposed, the express declaration
of this act, as I know it was the express pur-
pose with which the act was drawn.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator how many acres per mile they would be
entitled to under the law if this amendment
should be adopted?
Mr. HOWE. A quantity equal to one half
of six sections in width on each side of the line
of the road. They will not get that whole quan-
tity because there is not that quantity. _ That
is what they would have been entitled to if that
amount of land was on the line.
Mr. HARLAN. If the amendment be adopted
the company will receive no greater quantity
than six sections per mile.
Mr. HOWE. They will not receive that.
That is all they would have been entitled to if
the lands were all in the market and were
unsold.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not suppose it is pos-
sible to have this amendment understood in
the Chamber, though I believe I understand it;
but I should not if it had not been considered
in the Committee on Public Lands, of which
I am a member. The only objection that, can
be raised to it is that in changing this route
you propose to take the lands on the old route
: and appropriate them to building the road on
: the new route. The only injustice that I have
thought could be urged against that was this;
■ the even-numbered sections on the old route
were settled with the understanding that they
; were to have a railroad, aud I suppose they
have made their improvements and bought
their lands and paid for them with the expecta-
tion of having a railroad. Now, if Congress
allows the road to be changed and the odd-
' numbered sectious to be taken to build a road
elsewhere I have thought it would, perhaps,
' work hardship to those settlers who have
-! bought, with a view to a road.
i Mr. HOWE. Allow me to suggest that the
; act which I have read was passed while the
! Senator from Iowa [Mr. ^arlax] was chair-
! man of the Committee on Public Lands, and
! that very difficulty was provided for at the
I time.
j Mr. POMEROl*. What was provided for?
1 Mr. HOWE. The settlers were allowed 
i! Mr. POMEROY. To change their loca-
j tions? '
Mr. HOWE. Those who had taken lands
; on the old line were allowed to enter without
i any farther payment anywhere within the Me*
; luisha land district in the State of Wisconsin
' an additional quantity of public lands subject
i1 to private entry at SI —^ <*** acre equal to the
I quantity entered by them at 50 an acre, ^
: so that" the lands originally entered by them
! should thus be reduced to the rate of Si 25 an
II acre. . , .
' Mr. POMEROY. That might make it equal
or it might not; it would depend very much
' on the kind of land they were able to get. I
i! do not care to make any particular opposition
jl to this proposition ; but it is a change of the
ii location of a road, which is generally against
