1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
purposes as be may see fit to apply it to. The
question would be somewhat different if the
money which* we are called upon to appropri-
ate was to go into the pockets of these devoted
women. I suppose, however, it will not.
Now, sir, I am unwilling to make a distinc-
tion between the Sisters of Mercy or the Sis-
ters of Charity, ladies belonging to the .Roman
Catholic church devoted to-these deeds of-well-
doing, and other ladies belonging to Protest-
ant churches at the North and at the South
who have evinced an equal spirit of devotion to
the country and to the offices of humanity and
of Christian kindness. There are all over the
country thousands and thousands upon thou-
sands of those devoted ladies-who in our hour
of need gave their services, and many of them
their fortunes, their healths, and their lives to
the cause of the country who have not come
forward here to ask any such plausible recog-
nition as this, on the part of Congress, but
whose services, compared with those rendered
by members of the Roman Catholic- church,
certainly are equally meritorious and, in my
humble judgment, incalculably more merito-
rious to the cause of the country. I think the
truth demands of'me to state it here in my
seat.
Mr. President, I have not forgotten., I do
not think you have forgotten, and I know that
the people of this country have not forgotten,
the famous circular letter addressed by the
Pope of Rome to the Roman Catholie bishops
in the United States in the year 1863, when the
war was flagrant, when our cause in Europe
was regarded as almost hopeless, appealing to
the Roman Catholie bishops of the United
States to see to it that peace was restored
between the two sections of the country ; and
what did that mean as used by his Holiness in
his circular letter ? It meant nothing less than
this : that they were to see to it that peace was
brought about upon the principle of a recog-
nition of the independence of the southern
confederacy—an objept toward which he was
persuaded undoubtedly by the secret emissary
established at his court by the confederate
government. And after that event, so potent,
so influential upon the minds of the members
of that communion, wesaw but very few enlist-
ments from that church. We had to go for-
ward and offer large bounties in order to fill
up our armies, to recruit them, and to make
headway against the rebellion. It is not too
much to say that, with a few most honorable
and brilliant exceptions, the whole influence
and power of the Roman Catholic bishops of
this country and of the Roman Catholic priest-
hood was brought to bear against the cause of
the Union, not to say in favor of the rebellion.
These Sisters, whatever may have been the
character of their acts, and I am not here to
question their character, belong to that same
communion; while the Protestant churches of
theNorth throughout almost unanimously were
devoted, heart and soul, hand and purse, to
the prosecution of the war for liberty and the
preservation of our nationality. Here are some
staring facts which ought not to be forgotten
or thrown out of sight. I see nothing merito-
rious in this claim at all, and I shall therefore
feel compelled to vote against it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very much sur-
prised at the attack which the Senator from
Michigan has thought himself justified in
making upon one of the churches of the
country. I do not agree at all with his state-
ment of fact. To the extent of my observa-
tion it was not true that there were but few
enlistments in the Army from the members of
the Catholic chureh. On the contrary, I
observed the fact that there were very many
in the State of Indiana. How it was where
the Senator is I do not know.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, what I said was that after the publication
of the circular letter of the Pope there were
very few enlistments from that communion.
Mr. HENDRICKS,. Mr. President, there
were influences daring the war that made en-
listments difficult, and to s®c<ira enlistments
high bounties became necessary, and those
bounties were received and demanded by men
of all churches and men who belonged to no
church at all. So far as that is concerned it
was common to all. The Senator is not sus-
tained by the facts in the charge that he has
made, that there were not enlistments on the
part of that church. He is not sustained either
in regard to the conduct of the clergy of that
church. They are not to be charged as he has
stated, fori recollect very well that the most dis-
tinguished 'churchman of the Catholic church,
Archbishtp Hughes, went as a representative
of that church, perhaps as a representative in
some sense of the Government of the United
State.s to Europe, to exercise bis great influ-
ence in behalf of the cause of the Union. I
believe that he was called upon by President
Lincoln to go upon that mission, and I have
always understood that to him and to Bishop
Mcllvaine, of another church, and some others
-maintaining the like relation to the American
society and the American churches, the coun-
try was under very great obligations for an
influence felt in Europe. So that the charge
made by the Senatoif from Michigan, as I
think, is not sustained at all by the facts. .
But, sir, the only dif&eulty that presents
itself in this ease, as I think, is this: that prop-
erty which is destroyed in battle, whether the
property of the enemy or the property of the
supporters of the Government, is not to be
paid for. That is the general proposition : and
the proposition is absolute in regard to indi-
viduals of the enemy's country as in a war
between independent nations. But I think that
doctrine ought not to be applied or need not
be applied to the case of a charitable institu-
tion destroyed. Among nations a charitable
institution would not be regarded and could
not be regarded as a public enemy. I suppose
that if a great Power were to conquer a coun-
try and in the progress of the war had de-
stroyed one of the institutions of charity it
would not be inconsistent with the duties of
that nation in taking possession of the re-
sources .of the country conquered to restore
that charitable institution. While we would
not at all think of making up to individuals the
losses sustained in the war, it would seem to
me very proper to restore an institution of
charity which had fallen under the prosecution
of the war, for the reason that an institution
of charity cansot be regarded as an enemy.
Its nature forbids it; its mission forbids it.
Now, Mx\ President, this institution, worth
more money, as I understand from the Senators
from South Carolina, than the appropriation
proposed, was destroyed during the bombard-
ment of Charleston. I understand, as sug-
gested by a Senator near me,, that the institu-
tion was worth twice the amount that we pro-
pose to appropriate. What was that institution ?
The Senator from Michigan says it was owned
by the bishop. I do not know who owned it
and I do not care who owned it. It is enough
to know that the little children, who are to be
protected by men with hearts in their bosoms,
of all nations and under all .circumstances,
that little orphan children without fathers to
care for them, the chi'idren of the State, were
fed and clothed in that institution. It was not
established, it was not maintained, it was not
continued for the purpose of giving aid* to the
military power of any section ; but it was main-
tained, by whomsoever owned, for the purpose
of feeding and clothing little children ; and he
and that Government that provides for the
orphans has God's blessing. It is not unbe-
coming the Government of the United States,
when in the dreadful casualties of the war a
charitable institution like^ this has fallen, that
it shall help to rear it again. It is proper for
the reason that it is a charity. We do not
bestow charities by appropriations made by
Congress, but we may restore that which the
prosecution of the war has destroyed.
Now, let me ask the Senator from Michigan
this question : if we were making war upon a
foreign Power, and in its'prosecution necessa-
rily we should ,destoy. the home of the orphans
and we were to take possession by conquest of
that country, aporopriating its public property,
appropriating its treasure, appropriating its
publie resources, what obligation^ would rest
upon us as a Christian people? The obliga-
tion to restore that charity, because in regard
to it we would then assume the relation that
the conquered Power had before occupied in
relation to it?
Mr. HOWARD. Does'the honorable Sen-
ator refer to the laws of war as practiced be-
tween nations, and does .he rest the obligation
of which he speaks upon that law? If he does-,
then I must take the liberty of saying that in
my opinion he is mistaken ; that the law of war
would not require us to perform any such obli-
gation, if it exists; that is, to rebuild any such
property or restore it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not say that the
laws of war imposed it as a duty. I said that
it is not forbidden by the laws of war and the
usages of war. It is forbidden, as we under-
stand and practice the laws of war in this coun-
try, to restore private fortunes that are lost
during the \frar by its immediate prosecution ;
but 1 say that the laws of war do not forbid
that the conquering Power taking possession of
a conquered .country shall restore an institution
of charity which has fallen in its prosecution.
Mr. HO WABD. I do not say that the laws
of war forbid such a restitution at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; the laws of
war do not forbid it. The laws of war not
forbidding it, the law of charity, Heaven's law,
God's law, requires it. We have destroyed in
the necessary prosecution of this war an insti-
tution of charity. It is not forbidden by the
usages of this country and the laws of war that
we shall restore it. The persons who had charge
of that institution did not give their efforts in
favor of the cause of the South. On the con-
trary, according to the evidence before the
Senate, they gave their endeavors to the extent
of their ability to relieve the suffering of the
soldiers of the North while in that city.
Mr, DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
point to the evidence that is before the Senate
of that fact?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I refer to the speech
made twenty minutes ago by the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawtep.,]
in which he stated as a fact that the charitable
kindness to our soldiers of these Sisters saved
the lives of very many of them. That is the
evidence to which. I refer.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
will allow it now I will present evidence di-
rectly to the contrary ; and if he will not allow
it now I will do it when he gets through.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator can do it
when I have closed my remarks. I do not
care about having two speeches going on at
once. I have referred to the statement made
by the Senator from South Carolina. He is
acquainted with the facts, and has made his
Statement. Then these Sisters, as I claim the
fact to be, upon the statement of the Senator
from South Carolina, have extended their kind-
ness to the soldiers of the United States.
There is no question of loyalty or disloyalty
involved. It is a question of a destroyed home
of the orphan,.destroyed in the prosecution of
the war, destroyed in the taking of a city which
it became necessary, in the prosecution of the
war, to capture. .'Shall we make .this appro-
priation of $20,000? I do not care wkether
that charity in its legal ownership belonged to
the bishop or belonged to the Sisters. There
is no question that the institution was used
properly for the highest purposes, and it is not
for the individual benefit, when it is restored,
either of the bishop or of the Sisters; it is for
the benefit of the orphan-; and being consist-
ent with the laws of war, and required by the
laws of charity and kindness and morality, I
choose to respond to the appeal that is made.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. _ 1 do not look
at this subject in a sectarian view or desire to
invoke those feelings and prejudices. I look
upon it as a proposition to take so much money
out of the Treasury, and as guardians ©f the
