1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
Treasury the question for us to determine is
whether it is our duty to vote itornot. Now,
this is either a legal claim against, the United
States or it is a gratuity. It is not both.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, the committee put it simply on
the latter ground, that it is nothing more nor
less than a gratuity.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But the Senator
from Indiana puts it partly on the one ground
and partly on the other. It is either the* one
thing or the other. Is it a claim against this
Government to pay for the bombardment of
property in Charleston, of all places in this
world for a legal clain to come from? The
Senator says that we are not forbidden; by the
law to pay for the destruction of institutions
of charity. Neither are we -forbidden by the
law to pay for private property. The question
is whether there is any obligation of law upon
us to pay for either in enemy's codntry.
Then the Senator from Indiana plays with
that word " orphan and a man must be very
callous whose he^rt does not make some re-
sponse whenever that word is mentioned ; but
I would remind the Senator that within the
last ten days the Committee on the Judiciary,
on an appeal being made to the Senate to vote
money for the orphans of the soldiers who
were killed at Gettysburg, forinstitutions which
are there established, not sectarian in their
character, felt it their dy ty to report and advise
this Senate not to make the appropriation.
As to its being a gratuity, all I have to say on
that subjeit is that if we enter upon that line
of gratuities we enter upon a line which has
no limit; for there is not a State in the U ion,
there is hardly a neighborhood at the North,
that has not had similar institutions to pro-
mote the welfare of the patriotic soldiers of this
country ; but they never have thought of com-
ing here to ask the Government to reimburse
them for their charity. Why should we not
make an appropriation to the Christian_Com-
mission, to the American Bible Society, to the
Tract, Society? Why not to the hundreds of
nurses and surgeons and chaplains who went
voluntarily to the field ? Mr. President, this war
has been a weight upon the nation ; it has fur-
rowed the whole land with graves; and the
people now groan under the burden of taxa-
tion ; and I trust that that which was done in
charity will remain a charity, and that they
may seek their reward from that source from
which they expected to receive it,when the
charity was performed.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg to call the attention
of the Senate to this fact: that in the southern
States during the war a whole race of people
were taken from the protection of those who
had before that cared for their animal wants;
that the nation, looking at their condition,
passed a law, called them the wards of the
nation, and appropriated immense sums in
charity to those men ; that the whole southern
land was spread over with the charities of the
United States to those people, who had become
in a certain sense orphans ; and that heie we
have the amplest pi ecedent for a charity of this
kind. In this case the orphans were turned
out of house and home upon the world, and
their guardians deprived of the power of pro-
tecting them by the accidents of war, while
those guardians at that very time were minis-
tering to our wounded and sick. When the
honorable Senator from Missouri denies that
they were the means of saving the lives of our
own soldiers I point him to the testimonials
of General Scott, General Sickles, General
Sherman, and other distinguished officers of
the American Army, whose names are all
appended, not to this claim, for these ladies
make no claim ; not to any petition to Con- i
grass that they may be reimbursed for the loss !
of their property ; but those officers do petition |
Congress that the services of these ladies may j
be recognized, and that they may be put in a i
position again to do that charitable work which j
the accidents of war have taken from them the j
power to do. |
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think a plain I
statement of this case will show very clearly
that it .ought not to be considered by the Sen-
ate of the United States. The papers came
here more than a year ago. The Sisters of
Mercy started upon a mission to procure aid
from the North, and obtained letters from vari-
ous individuals with that view. They started
out for no other purpose. But when they
reached' Washington some kind friend, rather
than put his hand in his own pocket and con-
tribute, advised them to eome to Congress for
relief. That was the character of the papers
which were referred to the • Committee on
Claims; and being considered by the Commit-
tee on Claims, the case was unanimously re-
ported against. It seems that these Sisters of
Mercy had a building in Charleston for the
instruction of orphan girls and a residence for
themselves, both of which were more or less
damaged during the bombardment of that city.
The Government, through its officers then sta-
tioned there, repaired their dwelling-house and
made it complete again. Such was the evidence
that was before the Committee on Claims.
Now, Mr. President, if this claim is to be
allowed as a gratuity or in any other form, why
cannot the owners of any school-house or of
any church in the city of Charleston, or in any
other spot that has been destroyed by the armies
of the United States, come forward with equal
grace for a gratuity on the part of Congress?
I do not understand that we are the almoners,
the dispensers of the charity of the people of
the United States. If there is any charity to
be bestowed let us put our hands in our own
pockets.
Mr. POMEROY. I listened to the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Michigan, and
remember to have seen the circular letter to
which he has referred ; but the effect of that
letter in the section of country in which I live
was entirely different from its effect as repre-
sented within the knowledge of the Senator
from Michigan. I saw that that letter, cqun-
seling peace and pursuing the things that made
for peace, had very little effect in deterring our
adopted citizens in my State from efitering the
Army. We have in the West, in my own State
particularly, a large class of adopted citizens,
and/we have found that by dealing with them
in the most cordial and liberal manner they
responded with equal cordiality and liberality.
We do not proscribe them. They are citizens
when they arrive in the State for all practical
purposes. The moment they declare their in-
tentions to become citizens and take the oath
they enter upon the public lands and have all
the rights of native-born citizens. They can
go directly to the ballot-box if they have been j
in the State six moyths or a year, and they are j
required to have no papers except their first [
declaration of intention, and they are eligible !
to office. And I will say that during the strng- i
gle we Jiad on the frontier we had no more I
cordial supporters from any section than from ,
our adopted fellow-citizens of the Catholic j
church. |
Living in eastern citics I imbibed early pre- j
judices that other men had there : but when I ;
saw that we had in the Army, and in every way 1
where citizens were called upon to act, a larger T
proportion of adopted citizens than we had of ij
native born, my prejudices began to vanish. !,
In this war to which the Senator refers the j!
people of every nation under heaven fought, ;j
bled, and died together. The Swede, the Nor- !
wegian, the Irishman, the German, the African,
all nations mingled in this conflict and fought ,
out here the liberties of mankind. jj
I would not approach this subject in any ij
sectarian or narrow spirit. These are Ameri-
can citizens from choice, not from necessity.
The Senator from Michigan and myself were j
born here, but we could not help it. There is jj
no great merit in being born where you can- ji
not help it. We could not avoid being Ameri- !i
can citizens. But there is a class of men ij
among us who are Americans from choice, who j
have seen the struggle on this continent to ji
establish a civil government for mankind and ;j
a government of freedom and liberty, and who h
longed to identify themselves with us in the
struggle, and they have left home and country
and fatherland, and they are American citizens
from choice and not from necessity, and I as
much honor him who chooses to be an Ameri-
can as I do him who is obliged to be.
I know thet this is somewhat foreign to the
subject before us, and I will close my remarks,
as 1 see the chairman of the committee is anx-
ious to take a vote, by saying in,response to
what the Senator from New Jersey Las said
that I will not stop doing a charity to one class
because-I cannot do it at the same time to all
classes. I know there are others equally merit-
orious. I have read and seen tales of suffer-
ing aud trial and sorrow and destitution that I
would gladly alleviate, and with the Senator
from Vermont would gladly have put my hand
in my pocket to alleviate; but this ease is one,
and providing for one is no hinderanee to pro-
viding for many. I have though# myself that
if this appropriation was confined to §10,000,
as we appropriated for other institutions, it
would be perhaps within the reaeh of those
appropriations we usually make; but because
we cannot provide for every case why should
we say we will turn a cold shoulder upon this
one? I should favor this proposition more
cheerfully if'it was reduced to $10,000.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The fact stated by the
Senator from Vermont as to the action of his
committee in my judgment goes for nothing
in this debate. Of course the Committee on
Claims could only report to the Senate bills
where there were legal demands against the
Government, but I understand this case is put
upon grounds somewhat different fiom those
of a strictly legal demand, which, if you sent
it to the Court of .Claims, would be enforced
there under the principles of general law. I
say, then, the fact that the Committee on Claims
did not report this appropriation to us in my
opinion goes for nothing in this debate. It
does not touch the ground upon which this
case has been placed before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then, if a
claim should be rejected by the Committee on
Claims, all the party has to do is to approach
the Committee on Appropriations and ask for
a gratuity.
Mr. BUCKALEW. He would have to do
a great deal more. He would be -compelled
to obtain the assent of the judgment of that
committee, which is spmewhat difficult, for so
far as my experience and observation go that
committee is habitually rigid in money matters.
But what 1 rose to speak upon was this:
the Senator from Michigan has intruded into
this debate—and I use that word in no unkind
or offensive sense—a topic which I observe in-
troduced into proceedings of public debates
always with regret. He has alluded to one of
the churches of the country, aud has pro-
nounced from his point of view a criticism upon
it, upon its spiritual head in another part of
the earth, upon its leading officials in this coun-
try, and to some extent, by way of inference
at least, upon the great body of its member-
ship. Now, sir, I always deprecate discus-
sions of this kind. I think that in this country
we should sedulously avoid them upon all oc-
casions where our convictions of public duty
will permit. The effect and the influence of
debates of this sort, in my judgment, must
be pernicious, always tending, as they do, to
inflame the dormant passions of our people,
to produce bitterness, hears-burning, ill-will,
enmity, and all nncharitableness among them ;
and especially must this effect be produced
when these words proceed from this place and
from a Senator so distinguished, so widely and
favorably known, as the Senator front Michigan.
What was the letter of the head of this church
to which the Senator has alluded? Why, sir,
it was nothing more than a general invocation
to peace. It was nothing more than putting
into form a principle of the Christian religion,
a thing done often before by those who preceded
him in his great spiritual office, directed not to
the people of the United States,bat to the people
of other countries who at various times have
