1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
109?
it may be so counted in case it would change
the result. And then the voice of Georgia may
be stifled ; the voice of the people of a sov-
ereign State may be suppressed. And it is not
Georgia or the people of Georgia, but it is
Massachusetts or Wisconsin that may'not be
allowed, to utter its voice on the question.
Now, I assert further, and-as an additional
reason, that the concurrent resolution is in my
judgment an utter -nullity because it in direct
contravention of the statute of 1792, which
provides substantially what the Constitution
itself provides. No one, I trust,, will have the
hardihood to contend that the Senate and
House of Representatives can by a concurrent
resolution repeal an act of Congress, that a
concurrent resolution can be valid when it
conflicts with an act passed with all the legis-
lative requirements to make it a law. The
Senate, the House of Representatives, and the
President of the United States concurred in
the passage of the act of 1792, and no act of
either branch can annul that law. It must
stand till repealed by the concurrence of the
same authorities. The section of that act to
which I refer contains the following require-
ment :
"'Congress shall be in session on the second Wed-
nesday of February, 1793, and on the second Wed-
nesday in February succeeding every meeting of the
electors; and the said certificates or so many of them
asshallhave been received shall be opened, the votes
counted, and the persons who shall fill the offices of
President and Vice President ascertained and de-
clared agreeably to the Constitution."
This is a law of Congress upon your statute-
book, unrepealed, in full force, unless it be ab-
rogated by this concurrent resolution. There
is no doubt, it seems to me, that they are in
direct conflict. The House and the Senate
undertook by this concurrent resolution to de-
clare that the vote of Georgia should not be
counted if it had any elfect upon the result.
The statute and the Constitution say it shall
be counted to ascertain the result. And yet
gentlemen contend that that resolution became
the law of the convention; tha,t the convention
was bound to carry it out; that the Presiding
Officer did his duty in obeying it; that i,t was
our duty to record the vote precisely as that
resolution directed. I hold that this cannot
be so for the reasou I have stated, that it is in
conflict with the statute and the Constitution.
Again, sir, if it be so the vote of Georgia was
virtually counted, or the counting of it certainly
determined upon, before the day fixed by law
for counting the votes had arrived. If the con-
vention must have followed or obeyed thisres-
olution the vote was counted by the resolution
or the act of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentees in the adoption of the resolution.
There is no view that can be taken of it that
does not clearly show the resolution to be null
and void. The disgraceful scene which was
exhibited here and the difficulties growing out
of the action of the Senate and House are the
result of the disregard of the Constitution. Its
requirements are plain and simple, and obe-
dience to its provision never brings upon the
country troubles, disasters, or dishonor. It is
only when some purpose.outside of its author-
ity for some selfish or partisan end is sought
to be accomplished that the Congress and
country is dishonored by the exhibitions of
yesterday. This concurrent resolution is not
the only piece of unconstitutional legislation
that will torment its inventors. You will find
it in your way a.nd crossing your path at all
times and in thousands, of ways in a proper
administration of the Government. There is
but one course to pursue, and that is to recon-
sider what you have' done amiss, come back to
the Constitution,andfollo w and obey its require-
ments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I aow yield to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bissham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] for his courtesy in allowing me a few
moments in which to express my views touch-
ing the question which is now pressed upon the
consideration of the House. I agree with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,-]
who has opened this unfortunate controversy,
that this is a very important questioni I hope,
sir, that in the very short time allowed me' I
may be able to demonstrate, to the satisfaction
of the House that the proposition presented by
the gentleman from Massachusetts—and I refer
more particularly to his first resolution—is a
proposition that this House shall, by vote,
solemnly declare themselves under their, oaths
violatoi's of the law. On that point I-'take
issue with the gentleman to-day ; and not simply
for to-day, but for all time.
It is with me, Mr. Speaker, as a Represent-
ative of the people, a controlling principle that
whether we be satisfied with the law or not we
are bound to obey it. It was as obligatory upon
this House as it was upon the Presiding Officer
of the Senate to have respect to the concurrent
resolution of the two Houses. And I tell the
gentleman froqj Massachusettsto-day, with all
due respect for his acknowledged ability and
learning, that it is too late to come in with ad
captandum speeches to arraign the Constitution
of the country and its interpretation by its
makers and it§ builders from the day of the
organization of the Government to this hour.
The gentleman proceeds upon the hypothesis
that the two Houses by concurrent resolution
cannot bind themselves. I tell the gentleman
that the concurrent resolutions of the two
Houses have bound the action of the repre-
sentative branch of the legislative department
of this Government from the first year of its
existence to this hour, and until the gentleman
challenged the power yesterday I undertake to
say it never was challenged by a Representative
of the people. In what I have just said I refer
to the concurrent resolution of the two Houses,
known as the joint rule touching bills or reso-
lutions, passed in 1790. That rule binds the
House to-day. Who has ever questioned its
validity?
Why does not the gentleman rise in his place
and introduce a similar resolution to this House
and say of the joint resolution of June 10,
1790, it is an invasion of the rights of the
House of Representatives ? He might just as
well do this as do what he proposes.^ You
have a concurrent resolution here touching the
counting of the vote of Georgia, which was
followed in the letter and in the spirit by the
Presiding Officer of the Senate, by which-you
not simply clothed him with the authority to
do what he did do, but you imposed the duty
upon him to obey it, and it was our duty to bow
with respect before the requirement of that law.
Yet the gentleman comes with this resolution
and asks the House to pass it or to refer it; for
I see he has an amendment to refer it. I shall
ask a division of the question, because, as a
Representative of the people, I cannot consent
that a proposition of this sort shall even by
intendment receive my approval. It is this :
Resolved, That the House protest tliat the counting
of the vote of GeoTgia by the order of the Vice
President pro tempore was a gross act of oppression
and an invasion of the rights and privileges of the
House.
Now, sir, the Vice President pro iempore
of the Senate followed this concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That on the assembling of the two
Houses on the second Wednesday of February, 1869,
for the counting of the electoral votes for President
and Vice President, as provided by law and the joint
rules, if the counting or omitting to count the elect-
oral votes, if any, which may be presented as of the
State of Georgia shall not essentially change the re-
sult, in that case they shall bo reported by the Pres-
ident of the Senate in the following manner: were
the votes presented as of the State of Georgia to be
counted, the result would be, for —— for President
of the united States,   votes; if not counted,
for for President of the United States, votes;
but in either case is elected President of the
United States; and in the same manner for Vice
President.
Mr. Speaker, that is precisely what wag done
on yesterday, and the gentleman in his resolu-
tion assumes that that fact is not as it is re-
corded. I tell the gentleman in all candor
that it was unworthy of him, «ho is of the
capacity to understand- as well-as toy other
gentleman on tins floor the action of this body,
tQ embody in his resolution that as a fact which
is eo-ntradieted by your written record. I say,
sir, that his' Resolution is contradicted by the
w-ritten record©f the two Houses. Thatrecbrd
as made is'in accordance with the vofy letter
and spirit of thisoonenryent resolution-. . And
now cornea the gentleman asking the H*teseta>
stultify itself sand say -to^ the country, to use
his own words, in violating our own law we
have recourse to the sacred right of revolt^
tion. Sirfthe right of revolution, is never sacred
save .when exercised in vindication of a right
and in th§ redress of a wrong. It is invoked
here neither for the vindication of a, right no?
the redress of a wrong. On the contrary, the
sacred right of revolution is invoked here for"
the purpose of violating your own law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, air; I am limited to
twenty minutes. . - .
Mr. BUTLBE, of Massachusetts. I only
want to say that you are not quoting njy worda
in that connection.
Mr. BINGHAM. Unfortunately thegentle-
man's remarks do not appear in the Daily
Globe. I am guided only by the report-given
to us by the reporter of the Associated Press.
I am glad if the gentleman takes back bis
words.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I take
back nothing. -
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; then, if you
take back nothing you have said, I ask the
House to compel you to take back yonr revo-
lutionary resolution, for whether the gentleman
can retreat from what he said, in the absence
of an official report of his words, or not, he
cannot retreat from his revolutionary resolu-
tion ; and I denounce it here to-day before this
House and the country as unwarranted as any
act of secession.
Sir, does the gentleman ask me for authority
in the Constitution for this power which has
been exercised by concurrent resolution from
the first year of our national existence to this
hour? I point him to the words that ought to
be familiar to every schoolboy in the land,'
that by the Constitution it is provided rfiafc
each House shall make rules for the govern-
ment of its own proceedings ; I point him to.
the other words that the Congress of the United
States, being composed of a Senate and Hoose
of Representatives, shall have power to pass
all laws—that is to say, all rules, for a rule is a
law—to carry into effect all powers vested by
this Constitution in the Government of the
United States, or any department-.or in, any
officer thereof. Is not the President of the
Senate an officer of the United States, and
does not your Constitution say that he shall
open the certificate of the electoral votes in
the presence of the two Houses and the same
shall then be counted ? Does not your con-
current resolution, which is a rule, a law for
the government of the two Houses., say what
shall be done with it when it is opened? Have
I not read it in the hearing of the House?
It never received my sanction as a Repre-
sentative of the people. If I had been in ray
place and not confined by sickness to my bed
I might have asked that in some respects it
might be changed ; but it is enough for me to
know that it received the sanction of the two
Houses of Congress under the Constitution oi
my country. I insist that it was, therefore, as
binding upon us when in convention assembled
under the twelfth article of the Constitution to
receive the certificates of the electoral votes
of the States which the President of the Senate
is directed by the Constitution to open in the
presence of the two Houses as any law upon
your statute-book.
I have risen here under this limitation of
time to denounce, as a Representative of the
people, this attempt to inaugurate revolution
oa the floor of this House. I shall insist on,
and'by the help of my fellow-Representatives
I shall obtain a division of this'vote, and s«s
