146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
■wholly diverted from this scheme. All the
Governors of our State under the constitution,
I think, pressed the importance of this great
measure of the Legislature, and none with
greater force and pertinacity than Governors
Snyder, Shultz, and Wolf, three representatives
of that good and too often neglected German
element in the population of Pennsylvania.
Until the year 1834 our public schools suf-
fered from a radical defect,. They only pro-
vided for the education of the poor gratis. The
advancing intelligence of the age demanded a
more enlightened policy. A committee of the
two Houses of our Legislature, containing,
among others, Dr. Samuel Breck, James
Thompson, and Wilmer Worthington, of West
Chester, framed the law of 1834, the founda-
tion of our admirable school system. The
first-named of these gentlemen has passed
away, but his then youthful colleagues still
live to enjoy the lasting honors in which their
fellow-citizens hold their services in the cause
of education. Hon. James Thompson now
adorns our supreme bench, and Hon. Wilmer
Worthington is the speaker of the senate of
Pennsylvania.
The change from the "pauper " system—as
it was called—to one of general education
impressed many with a belief that the additional
burdens of taxation consequent on such a
change would prove too onerous, and a furi-
ous opposition to the law of 1S34 arose in
some parts of the State. In 1835 this feeling
had gained such strength that there was danger
that the law would be repealed, in obedience
to the popular clamor, liut this noble act had
a noble refuge. Governor Wolf had determ-
ined to veto any legislation which attempted
its repeal. When the contest came Thaddeus
Stevens defended the school law with great
power, and the repealing act was del'eated by
a large majority. To the honor of Mr. Steven's
it must be remembered that this popular out-
cry against the school law gave him the oppor-
tunity to gain a signal advantage over his
political opponents, but he scorned to use it
for such a purpose. The time gained for re-
flection by the defeat of the repealing act saved
our common-school system from annihilation.
The general sentiment now restrains opposition
to this institution, and the advanced and stead-
ily advancing intelligence of our people stands
as the monument to the wise framers of the
law of 1834 and its able defender.
The importance of our public improvements
was discussed and established in the latter part
of the last and the system was inaugurated
early in the present century. Its active and
successful advocate in the Legislature was
William Lehman, of Philadelphia, who entered
the Legislature in 1818. Active operations
were begun in 1820, and continued under the
able direction of Governor Shultz, John Sar-
gent, William Darlington, David Scott, Joseph
Mcllwaine, Daniel Montgomery, Abner Lea-
cock, James Clarke, Jonathan Knight, Charles
Howry, and FrancisR.Shunk, duringthetwelve
years of the administrations of Governors Shultz
and Wolf. The works were in full operation
in 1835, and in 1838 Thaddeus Stevens was
appointed canal commissioner by Governor
Hi trier. His success was not equal to his
abilities. During his administration of this !
office additional works were undertaken, but !
they proved complete failures. Various causes !
combined to prevent his success. Intense op- ;
position always confronted him, and an impa- ■
tience of details operated against him m every- 1
thing of a business character, except in his \
profession, where he was consummate in his I
preparation and use of every means of victory, j
In referring to the life and public services ;
end character ot such a man as Tiiaddeus !
Stevens it is unbecoming to indulge in loose j
statement arid bombastic praise. There is I
enough of the man to furnish materials for a j
truthful and an honorable encomium without !
claiming for him exclusively honors which
mainly belong to his contemporaries. This
should be especially avoided in the case of Mr.
Steven's, for no man more thoroughly despised
such injustice. He always resented being
dressed in borrowed robes. An observance of
this rule would doubtless have prevented inju-
dicious admirers from claiming for Mr. Ste-
vens the paternity of our common-school sys-
tem, and our system of public works. Eulogies
of this character, pronounced on the spur of
the moment, though inexcusable, are innocent
when compared with elaborate obituaries, for
it is to these last that historians are most apt
to refer. And thus the ungracious task is
thrown on some one of correcting errors and
misstatements which should never have been
made.
In 1830 Mr. Stevens was chosen a member
of the convention to amend the constitution of
Pennsylvania, and here, as everywhere else,
he displayed high ability. Under our constitu-
tion of 1790 negroes enjoyed the right of suf-
frage. The aggressions of the slave influence
demanded that this right should be stricken
down. The besotted majority in the North
were everywhere inclined to yield the point.
In our convention this feeling actuated the
majority of the members, but Thaddeus Ste-
vens battled with all his might against the out-
rage. He was overcome. The rights of a
portion of our citizens were sacrificed to the
prevailing sentiment, and the word "white"
was inserted in our constitution as a condition
to the right of suffrage. With characteristic j
independence Mr. Stevens refused to sign a i
document containing such an unjust discrimi- j
nation against peaceable and law-abiding men, j
and he bravely determined to forego the dis- i
tinction of having his name go down to pos- i
terity on that document. Pew young men
would have shown the contempt for position
which he then exhibited, and fewer can under-
stand that true fame can be found more surely '
in doing right than in being in conspicuous 1
company.
In 1850 Mr. Stevens was elected to Con-
gress. His ardent love of liberty and his in-
extinguishable hatred of American slavery
threw him headlong into an opposition to that
institution as determined as it seemed hope-
less. The sentiment and conscience of the
nation was blunted and debauched, and the
forlorn hope which Thaddeus Stevens then
led did not suffer themselves to hope for a
view of the bright aud swiftly coming day
which his old eyes were permitted to see in its
full glory. Failing to secure a renomination,
ho retired from Congress in 1852, and resumed
the practice of the law. His public career
seemed to have closed in the very prime of bis
vigor. But a miglity change was at, hand.
In 1S.">4 the slaveholders, unsatisfied with
anything short of absolute dominion, shocked
the lulled conscience of' the nation by attack-
ing and destroying what demagogues called
the *'settlements'' of the slavery question,
and what wise men knew to bo bat a postpone-
ment of an inevitable trouble. This high-
handed outrage on the vast majority by a nu-
merically _ contemptible minority produced a
revulsion in our politics compared with which
all others are insignificant. Old parties melted
away. Old thoughts gave way to new vigor.
The respectability claimed for the slaveholders
was laughed at in the light of their degrading
attitude before the astonished country. Their
highly extolled honor became a jibe when j
compared with their Punic faith. New organ- I
izations wrested the Legislature from the men
who had used it for our disgrace. Old leaders,
remembered for their courage and audacityj
were recalled. In 18-38 Tuadddus Stevens
returned to Congress, and the foremost men
of the now powerful Opposition accepted him
as their leader.
This crime of the slaveholders culminated in
a terrible war that ended in the destruction of
the cause which provoked the conflict. Dur-
ing that period of our national trials the his-
tory of Mr. Stevens is inextricably interwoven n
with the history of his country. Space and !
propriety alike require that I should leave any ]
elaborate reference to his services during that |
period to those whom time and freedom from I
partiality shall enable to do the subject full
justice.
Since the death of Thaddeus Stevens I have
been pained to notice the vulgar fury with which
his character has been assailed. I bad indulged
the hope that vituperation had exhausted itself
on him during his long life, but I have been
mistaken. If malignant and merciless abuse
could destroy the usefulness of men the ser-
vices which Mr. Stevens has rendered toman-
kind would have been prevented. Men every
way his inferiors 3et themselves up as critics
and censors of his private life. The manner in
which they have performed their self-imposed
duty shows they never knew, or had forgotten,
that the strongest virtue consists in successfully
battling against ever-present temptation, and
that those who overcome are more to be hon-
ored than those who lack the inclination to go
astray. We have forgotten the bravery of the
Gascon, and only use his name now to describe
a braggart. A mere reference to the fact proves
the injustice; and the same injustice will be
perpetuated if we remember only the caustic
sarcasms of the dead statesman and forget his
life-long love and devotion to a downtrodden
race.
Mr. President, I move the adoption of the
following resolutions:
Eeiolved, That the Senate has received with pro-
found sensibility the announcement of the death of
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, lateamember of the House
of liepvcsciitatives from the State of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That from a sincere desire ot showing
every mark of respect for tbememory of Hon. Thad-
deus Stevens, the members and officers of the Senate
will go into mourning by the usual mode of wearing
cra.pe on the 1 ott arm.
limohml, That as a further mark of respect for tho
memory of Mr. Stevens, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BUCIiALEW. Mr. President. New
England has given to Pennsylvania two men
of great distinction, though of unequal merit.
In provincial times Franklin came from
Boston to Philadelphia, a fugitive youth, and
entered upon that career which has been given
to the history of the world. As author and
publisher, as representative in the Colonial
Assembly of Pennsylvania, as member and
president of the State constitutional conven-
tion of 177G and chief executive officer in the
government established by that convention, as
colonial agent in Great Britain, as delegate in
the Continental Congress and signer of the
Declaration of Independence, as organizer of
the postal service in this country under the
Confederation, as a scientist and member of
learned bodies at homo and abroad, and finally,
as our illustrious and successful minister at the
French court in the dark hours of the Revolu-
tion, he is known of all men and his name
will go down to future ages. It is the pride of
onr people to contemplate the colossal repu-
tation which he achieved and left behind him,
and they dwell with pleasure upon the minutest
particulars concerning him from that hour
when, obscure and friendless, he appeared in
the city of his adoption to the'time when "full
of years and full of honors" he passed away
to bis appointed repose.
Thaddeus Stevens came from Vermont to
Pennsylvania at the age of twenty-one. He
came, unheralded and unattended, to carve his
way to fortune among strangers.
Adams county, Pennsylvania, lies upon the -
Maryland border, and Gettysburg is the county
town the seat of justice for the county. At
that place Mr. Stevens settled afrer a short
residence at Y ork, and commenced the prac-
tice of the law. It was not a place to make
great gains at the bar. The town was not
large, the county was not populous, the people
were not wealthy. It was a rural section *of
the State; railroads were unknown, manufac-
tures, except in a small way, had not been
established ; farmers and shopmen mainly wero
the clients of men "learned in the laws."
But there were sound elements of population
in the town anil county—the German and
Scotch-Irish being prominent—distinguished
for industry, frugality, fidelity, and sound sense.
And it was a pleasant region, broken but fer-
tile, farm and woodland alternating in the
