1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109©
Schenck] under what appears by the state-
ment of the other gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] to have been a misunderstanding
of the fact. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] had the right to yield the remainder
of his time to the gentleman from Illinois, and,
as the Chair understands, he states that he did
so. Upon that statement, and that alone, the
Chair accords the floor to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now I make another
point, that the time was not the time of my
colleague, [Mr. Bingham.] The rules give to
a member obtaining the floor an hour. It has
been interpreted—I think improperly—that
he may yield to another to speak on the same
subject; but the latter may not yield to another.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] was entitled to the hour, and might have
given it, perhaps, to the gentleman from Illi-
nois under the construction of the rule to which
' I have referred; but he did not do so. My col-
league [Mr. Bingham] had no right to dispose
of the time which belonged to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
inquires of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] again whether he states that he in-
formed the Chair publicly before he took his
seat that he yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Faensworth?]
Mr. BINGHAM. I attempted to do it; but
I do not presume the Chair heard me at all,
because I felt weak andexhasted, having been
unwell for a week. But I state now simply
what I said before, and what is known to gen-
tlemen around me, that this gentleman had
appealed to me to yield him a portion of my
time before I began speaking, and just as I
was concluding, having forgotten what I had
promised, as 1 was taking my seat he said,
" Do you yield to me?" and I said "I do."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is under the necessity of putting the question
once more. Did the gentleman state to the
Chair before he took his seat that he yielded
the balance of his time ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not undertake to say
that at all, for I was getting into my chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
then under the necessity of according the floor
to the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was about to say
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
that if the floor had been accorded to me I
would have waived my right to make the mo-
tion I indicated until he should have concluded
what he desired to say. I only desired to come
to an end with this debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to be considered as having manifested any un-
due warmth in this matter, but a practice has
grown up here of stifling all debate. [Laughter. ]
Gentlemen may think it amusing, but I think
there is plenty of talk in this Hall, and perhaps
I take my share in it, though I think I may
truly say that I seldom talk about anything ex-
cept that which comes from my own committee,
but not much of what is properly called debate.
I took the precaution yesterday to inscribe my
name on the roll of members who desired to
speak, as is the custom here—the first time I
think I ever did it, though it has been done
for me once or twice before—and I found great
difficulty this morning in getting the benefit of
that inscription. Therefore I feel a desire, if
I am permitted to take part in this debate at
all, to do it when it is fresh before the House
and before it should be considered all on one
side and then laid on the table without an oppor-
tunity to reply to the argument already made.
Sofar as the grave question before the House
is concerned nothing is further from my inten-
tion than to indulge in any warmth or undue
or excited feeling about it. Nobody can regret
more than I the very painful scene which took
place in this Hall yesterday upon the occasion
of counting the votes for President and Vice
President. The disorder it may be said was
principally on this side of the House, eaufined
to members of the House of Representatives,
and those, too, of the dominant party of the
country. Prom that I draw thislesson and this
inference. Here the Republicans sat witness-
ing with satisfaction the result of our labor in
the late campaign, knowing that those whom
we had chosen to be President and Vice Pres-
ident were to be declared elected as such.
Therefore it cannot be supposed that those who
manifested any excitement on this side of the'
House were actuated by a disposition to in-
terfere with a declaration of that result for
which we had so much longed, and which we
wejre so gratified in seeing accomplished. How,
then, do you account for it that the very friends
of those who were to be declared President and
Vice President should have been those who
made objection to the course of procedure here
unless you give them credit for some feeling
of indignation or sense of impropriety in the
character of that proceeding?
Now, sir, I share in that feeling with others,
and sharing in that feeling, and believing that
all that then transpired occurred in such a way
as to raise a very grave and important ques-
tion with regard to the relative rights of the
House and Senate before the people of the
country, I am not disposed to be seduced
either by the rhetoric of my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] or by any general denunciation from
any source from asserting what I believe in
regard to the manner in which the Senate
and the Presiding Officer of the Senate tran-
scended the limits which ought to have shut
in the action of that body in connection with
the House yesterday.
My colleague who first addressed the House
this morning [Mr. Shellabarger] gave us, in
his very forcible, logical manner, his views of
this case as it involves questions of constitu-
tional law and of legislation. I think, however,
that I will attempt to show that my colleague
was not as happy as usual in connecting his
premises and conclusions in that argument of
his. Let us look at his argument, beginning
where he did with the Constitution of the
United States and its provisions bearing upon
this subject as the starting point for all the
consideration that is to be given to the question
involved. It is provided in the Constitution
that the President of the Senate shall open the
certificates from the different StatGS and the
votes shall then be counted. It is, as my col-
league says, not prescribed by the Constitution
who shall be the counter of the votes. He in-
fers that if we rested upon the Constitution
alone, and there were no legal provisions of any
kind upon the subject, it would follow that this
counting was to be done by the President of
the Senate. I will make no issue with him upon
that point. He quotes Kent as an eminent ju-
rist for the opinion that the Constitution being
silent the counting would be done by the Presi-
dent of the Senate unless some legislative pro-
visions were enacted determining how that
counting should be done. I will make no issue
with him upon that. My colleague proceeds a
step further and argues that for want of legis-
lation upon this subject, as I understood him,
having only a joint rule made between the
House and the Senate upon the subject, the
power remains with the President of the Senate.
That I understood to be his argument. I un-
derstood him to take the ground that these
joint rules which we had adopted were uncon-
stitutional.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Oh, no.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I beg my colleague
to explain what he did argue, because that was
the impression he made upon others beside
myself.
"Mr. SHELLABARGER. I thank my col-
league for the privilege of explaining. I state
first, that in the absence of all legislation my
opinion agrees with that expressed by Chan-
cellor Kent, that, subject to such rules as may
bo prescribed for the purpose, the President of
the Senate would do the counting, guided by
any rules that might be provided, if any be
provided, as there ought to be. .Then I state
farther that if there be no constitutional rule
provided, in the absence of suoh rule the count
must be made in a convention composed of the
President of the Senate and of the two Houses,
and that any attempt to count in the separate
bodies would be in contravention of that pro-
vision of the' Constitution which requires that
it shall be done in the presence of the three
constituent elements; and that, therefore,, the
provision of the twenty-second rule which dis-
solves the convention by separating the parties
to it and provides for a count in a different
way is, in my judgment, in contravention of
the Constitution, and that we are left to the
operation of a rule that we made ourselves.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not yet understand
whether my colleague denies that, joint rules
on the subject are constitutional.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I stated distinctly
•that I regard the twenty-second rule as uncon-
stitutional, for the reason that it requires or
authorizes the counting in separate bodies, and
I say that the concurrent resolution, which does
not require that, is constitutional, and that it
justified what was done by the President of the-
Senate yesterday.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I apprehend the
gentleman's point now ; and my answer shall
be made just here without waiting to come
to that point in the line of my argument, and
it is this: that when the two branches of the
legislative department meetin convention, hold
joint meetings, and a question arises and they
separate, the Senate retiring to its Chamber,
the House remaining as it. is, each to pass its
opinion upon the subject, and then to compare
to see whether they concur or not, they are yet
not sitting as a Senate and a House, properly
considered, but each is acting as a part of the
joint meeting, just as is done under the law in
cases where the election of a United States
Senator takes place in a State Legislature.
I hold, therefore, that there is nothing in the
joint rule that amounts to anything more than
legislation to carry out the provisions of the
Constitution in the only way in wliich that
legislation could reasonably be expected to be
made. It is true that instead of agreeing upon
a joint rule between the Senate and the House
there might have been an act passed embody-
ing the same matter, to be approved and signed
by the President of the United States. But
this I hold would have given it no greater cer-
tainty. The President of the United iStates is
in no sense whatever a party to the counting
of the votes for President and Vice President.
My colleague [Mr! Shellabarger] well re-
marked that there are three parties to that
transaction : the President of the Senate, the
Senate, and the House of Representatives,
coming together in joint meeting, over which
the President of the Senate is to preside.
Therefore, inasmuch as it related to that which
the House and the Senate were to do jointly
and concurrently, there was no necessity for
legislation by act of Congress, to be approved
by the President, to settle the mode of pro-
ceeding ; but that might be done by a joint
rule or concurrent resolution.
I, then, hold that the joint rule under whieh
we act is not only a constitutional provision,
in regard to its details as to the manner of
counting, but I also hold that it is just such
a legislative act, in jone sense, as alone was
necessary j because it was one of those acts
which, relating simply to the concurrent action
of the two Houses, did not need the sanction
or approval of the President of the United
States, as in the ease of an ordiuary enactment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I have but little
time to spare ; but I will yield.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to ask
the gentleman this question : the two Himsos
differed yesterday about the vote of Georgia.
The one House same to one conclusion and
the other House to another. Now, suppose
that it was competent under the twenty-second
rule to refuse to count a State unless both
Houses concur in so doing, and the two Hovmsqs
come to opposite conclusions on the. sutjeet,
