1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
to the evidence presented, performed iflany
acts of kindness to the Union prisoners in that
city. During the bombardment of the eitv
the building was almost destroyed. General
Sickles, when be was in command at Charles-
ton, would have had the building repaired, bat
upon an examination it was ascertained that it
could not be repaired, it having been so much
injured by the shells of our forces. The Sisters
of Mercy now ask to have their building re-
stored in order that they may be enabled to
take care of the orphans in their charge. This
is surely one of the greatest charities in the
world. These orphans need the protecting
arm of the Government. Their former insti-
tution being untenantable from the destruction
caused by our shells, they are now confined in
a small, narrow building, in an unhealthy part
of the city, where a great many of them will
suffer and probably die from disease contracted
in that unhealthy locality. These Sisters
simply ask enough aid, enough charity from
this Government to enable them to restore their
buildings, and I sincerely hope that the Senate
will grant their request.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to
the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina to the amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. DRAKE. Let it be read.
The Secretary. Theamendmentof thecom-
raittee is to insert the following clause after
line seven hundred and thirty-four:
For the Sisters of Mercy in Charleston, South Car-
olina, in recognition of their services toward Union
prisoners during the late rebellion, $20,000.
It is proposed to add to the amendment the
words 11 to be disbursed by the Secretary of the
Treasury."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the committee as amended.
Mr. FERRY. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As we are called upon to
vote by yeas and nays on this question it is
but right that the Senate should know the pre-
cise facts. The papers on which this matter
rests have not been referred to in the course of
the debate. I dosire very briefly to call atten-
tion to them so that Senators may vote under-
standingly.
This is an appeal to the generosity of the
Senate, and unless the case were unusually clear
and strong I would not vote for it; butitseems
to me that it' any Senator will take the pains to
read these letters he will be satisfied that his
duty to his country would be promoted by voting
for this appropriation for a reasonable amount,
$10,000 or even $20,000.
Mr. STEWART. Can you not have them
read?
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is a letter from Gov-
ernor Scott, who was known to be a brave and
excellent officer of the Army, who served for
a long time at Charleston, was himself a pris-
oner, was very harshly treated by the rebels,
and is now Governor of South Carolina. He
writes as follows about his personal experience
with these ladies:
" I was personally cognizant, during my imprison-
ment m Charleston and subsequeritly while X was
stationed in that city, of tho active and unceasing
benevolence of the Sisters of Morcv, their chuntablo
officer being ireely dealt out to all who needed them
without refeience to class, condition, or nationality;
find 1 know of many of my friends and acquaint-
ances in the Federal Army who were the recipients
of then- beneficent and kindly attentions. Many a
sick and wounded Fodoial prisoner indebted to
them for necessary nourishment and attention, and
frequently their dying pillows were soothed and coin-
toned by piou^ consolations of the Sisteis of Mercy.''
This letter is rather of a general character.
Mr. EDM 0NDS. What is the date of it ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a recent date—Jan-
uary 27, lSU'J. Here is a letter from an officer
of Connecticut volunteers who signs himself as
having belonged to the seventh Connecticut
volunteers.
Mr. DRAKE. What is his name?
Mr. SHERMAN. F. 1.1. Jackson.. He speaks
of his imprisonment on his arrival at Charles-
ton :
"Soon after onr arrival in Charleston we were visited
by Sister M.Xavier, accompanied by another Sister
of Mercy, each bearing comforts for us, the wounded
Union prisoners. Sister Xavier came to the hospi-
tal prison daily, accompanied each time by another
Sister, and each day went to all of our number and
gave fruit, eorn-bread, cake, meat, gruel, arrow-root,
and sometimes ehicken 'and chicken-broth. She
brought me daily either a bottle of wine or of brandy,
&c. There were eight wounded men confined in our
cell, only one of whom. Captain Lawler, was a Roman
Catholic. All received the same attention at the
hands ot Sister M. Xavier and companion. Thegreat
majority of our number wereof the Protestant faith,
but there was no distinction made between us on
account of religion or nationality."
He then goes on at some length, giving the
details of the services of these Sisters of Mercy
to him and his comrades.
Mr. DRAKE. Does he state .when that
occurred ?
Mr. SHERMAN. In' 1862.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the date of that
letter^
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an affidavit sworn
to by this gentleman recently.
Mr. DRAKE. When was it sworn to?
Mr. SHERMAN. February 6, 1860. I
have here another sworn statement dated June
7, 1867, two years ago, by an officer of the
Army, John M. Hammill, late colonel of a
New York regiment and brevet brigadier gen-
eral of volunteers. This gentleman, after de-
scribing his being captured and his being taken
to a hospital, says:
" It was at this time I met tbe Sisters of Mercy from
Charleston, who almost daily visited the hospital,
not only cheering us with words of consolation, but
substantially administering to our wants by bringing
us food and clothing secured by them at,their own
expense, and furnished to us brandy."
And so he goes on at length. I have in
addition a letter signed by an officer of some
distinction, whose name is familiar to me—L.
S. Payne. I think he was of the Connecticut
volunteers. He states:
"This hospital was assigned exclusively to and for
our wounded prisoners, and all citizens were forbid-
den permission to visit the hospital: but the Sisters
of Mercy, after much opposition, succeeded in ob-
taining permission to visit the hospital fur the pur-
pose of dispensing their truly Christian charity and
relieving the sufferings of the wounded and dying.
I need not particularize, but will state that the
attention of these angels of mercy to our wounded
soldiers were at this time incessant and unceasing,
never failing to call daily, and some one or more of
them (of whom there seemed to he many) calling
ottener and administering to the severe ca^es. In
their supplies of palatable food and changes of cloth-
ing furnished to those destitute, and in all their min-
istrations they made no distinction between rank,
color, oi creed: but their efforts of relief were directed
to all alike. The excessively hot weather, the insuf-
ficient supply of medicines and other necessaries,
together with the little nursing help, induce me to
believe that through the aid of these kind people
the lives of many of our soldier misoners were saved.
After being transferred from Charleston to Colum-
bia, and since my return home, I have met with
many of the officers and soldiers who had been in
Charleston as prisoners, and they all universally
speak of the unbounded kindness of these Sisters of
Mercy of Charleston."
He then goes on at some length to state other
facts. There are a great number of officers
who recommend in the very strongest possible
language this appeal to the charity and the
benevolence of Congress, and among them is
General Gillmore, who was in command for a
long time of that department. 1 will read his
brief statement:
I most cheerfully add my name to this appeal in
behalf of the "Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy, of
Charleston,'' having in view tho reconstruction of
tbeirbuildings nearly destroyed by the bombardment
from Morris Island. The aid rendered by the Sisters
to Union prisoners during the war was unremitting,
and I have no doubt that many valuable lives were
saved to the Union cause thereby. 1 most earnestly
commend the cause of tho society to my friends and
others in Congress, and hope that an appropriation
for the object in view will be made.
Q. A./lILLMOItE,
Late Major General United States Volunteers
and Brevet Major General United States Army.
There is also a statement made by General
Sickles to the same effect in his own handwrit-
ing, and another by General Hardie. There
are quite a number of testimonials of this kind.
I have also a number of other papers which it
is not necessary to read. It appears, in ad-
dition to the extraordinary services rendered
by these ladies, that their property was neces-
sarily destroyed by our troops when bombard-
ing the city of Charleston. That does not give
them any ground for a claim to rebuild theitf
building ; and the Committee on Claims were
justified in rejectingiton theground of aclaim;
but it is an additional ground for the appeal
now made to our generosity. With these let-
ters before me, and having also conversed with
the lady who is now here pressing this matter,
Sister Xavier, one of the Sisters of Mercy, I
cannot refuse on behali of the people of the
United States at least a reasonable response to
this demand. I am willing to vote an appropri-
ation of $10,000 or-$20,000, not on theground
that this property was destroyed, but because
these ladies in Charleston in the midst of the
war, after the bull of the Pope of Rome re-
ferred to by my honorable friend from Michi-
gan, expended their time, their money, their
labor, and risked their lives in saving the lives
and relieving the wants of our distressed coun-
trymen there.. I should think myself wanting
if I did not respond to that appeal. I believe
the people of the United States would respond
to it. I do not care whether that relief was
rendered by Catholic or Protestant, white or
black, slave or free, it equally appeals to our
generosity ; and unless it appeals so strongly
that we would be willing to take our own money
under the same circumstances as a matter of
course we should vote no; but from the facts
stated in these papers 1 am inclined to vote
whatever the Committee on Appropriations
think reasonable, S10,000 or $20,000.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. I wish to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, under what clause of
the Constitution or whereabouts it is that he
finds the right to make appropriations of this
kind as a charity to people outside of the Dis-
trict of Columbia?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should find it very
clearly in the right to declare war if there
were no other. We sent soldiers down there,
and I think we have a right and I can furnish
the honorable Senator ■with many precedents
where we have actually paid for gratuitous
services rendered to our own soldiers. There
was one about a year ago. I do not recollect
the circumstances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not ask the Sen-
ator for cases. 1 asked liirn, as I merely want
to be informed and of course he knows all
about this, whereabouts the idea is found in
the Constitution of a right to make charitable
appropriations like this?
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply, I am rather sur-
prised that my friend from Maine should make
a constitutional point of this kind. I would
expect it rather to come from the other side.
I think, according to our theories and construc-
tion of the Constitution, the Congress of the
United States may appropriate for those ex-
penditures incurred in the ordinary prosecution
of the war for the defense of the country or
anything of that kind without having the express
clause pointed out in the Constitution. That
has been the practice of the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have received the
answer I expected and it amounts to this, that
there is no power anywhere to make such an
appropriation.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, this debate
has taken a much wider turn than I supposed
it would take when I began to express my
views against this appropriation. 1 he Senate
will bear me witness that I have not turned it
into the wide field in which it has been expa-
tiating. I simply wish, in a few concluding
words, to state the exact position ofthe matter.
Here is a body of ladies, doubtless earnest,
charitable, every way respectable Christian
ladies. They constitute an association, a part
of the organization of the church with which
they are connected. They are bound by the
vows of their organization to devote themselves
to works of charity all the days of their lives.
In pursuance of those vows they administered
