148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
December 18,
abroad, but which have transpired through the
gratitude and admiration of others.
He will be remembered as a parliamentary
leader; as the man who, beyond any example
since Randolph and Clay, gained the ear of
the Hotise and held it for many years against
all competitors—in all the years of the war
and since the war—and resigned his influence
only with his life:
Lastly, he will be remembered for his sup-
port of emancipation and colored suffrage,
great questions which, whatever may be their
merits, will be of enduring interest. He pro-
jected some and supported all the measures
by -which they were established and upheld
during his life, and left his name to be asso-
ciated with debate and discourse upon them
hereafter.
' Sir; men will be apt to forget his imperfec-
tions of temper, his defective moral org.mfca-
tion, his disregard of proprieties in speech and
conduct, his occasional defiance of public opin-
ion, and generally the errors and faults of a
lifetime of contest, in contemplating his true
and undoubted titles to future fame. If in
examining his character I have spoken with
freedom and have not withheld the truth which
told against him, it has been done in all loyalty
to our common manhood and in view of those
purposes of instruction with which my task was
begun. And thus I leave the subject and the
man.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
Tjiawbkck iStevbxs was a native of Vermont,
taught and a teacher in Jier schools, but ulti-
mately a graduate at Dartmouth College, New
Hamp.sliiie, and removed in his early manhood
to Pennsylvania, where for many years lie
rankediin a well-reasoned politician and some-
thing more than a prominent citizen of that
flemishing State. Like so many other men of
our country, with an experience not discredit-
able here to proclaim, as it lias been and still
may he in other lands, he raised himself, un-
'aided by fortune or family, from obscurity" to
disiinclion and honor.
It having been my fortune to serve in the
House of Representatives, and for some years
Oil the same committee, with Mr. Steve.v.s, re-
ceiving from him uninterrupted courtesy and
kindness' while long seated in the House by his
side, it was impossible to have been unmindful
of those characteristics which so often chal-
lenged public attention, and it will he excused,
perhaps, if 1 venture to give, however imper-
fectly, some of the impressions made upon me
by a, man whose career has been so notable as
to secure prominence in the history of a great
people and in movements which it may be said,
like the traces of glaciers on mouniaiu tops,
notch the age.
St is too soon after the storm, and we are too
near the waves of contending principles and
parlies to review the merits of particular acts
with which Mr. Stbvkns has been more or less
identified ; and the humbler task will be mine,
therefore, of giving an outline picture of the
man, or of sketching some of his most dis-
tinctive features and traits as they appeared to
Btiear and not uninterested observer.
In the early moments of tenderness and grief
for the memory of associates and friends re-
moved frflm conspicuous spheres of action,
plain truth and just discrimination speak jn
muffled tones, and panegyric alone ventures
forth in lull voice. Christian charity and the
instincts of the human Leart would portray
only the brighter tints, avoiding shade though
of the most veritable sort. But the safety of
the public requires that the faults of the states-
man shall not be concealed even though the
fauhsoV the man receive moregenerous charity.
The disgraceful coalition of Fox with Lord
North history still impales, but the personal
faults of the former, hereditary or educational,
are imputed to the age or charged to Lord
Holland, the father. Could we, in the present
instance, consult the deceased, as wo mp,y by
referring to his own example, although he was
an unbeliever in the pomp and grief of ail
congressional eulogies, we should find he
would have been unwilling that the sun itself
should be represented without its spots ; or, if
a wart had been on his face he would have ob-
jected with Cromwellian sturdiness to its sup-
pression in his picture; and his fate, like that
of many other distinguished men,* has been
to die leaving no lineal successors, none to
feel the joy which well-earned praise bestowed
upon an illustrious ancestor inspires, and none
to shrink from the toucft of impartial justice
when the final judgment of posterity is pro-
nounced. But simple justice, even the sharp
espionage of criticism, will not dwarf the man.
Strike from him a limb, and still something of
Hercules will remain.
Beneath a ragged exterior ^Ir. SrEvnxs had
a heart thatloverl children, the down-trodden,
and thepoor; and hecouhl not fail, in spite of
differences of policy or of principle, to secure
the affection and respect of a multitude of
friends; but being at the same time a' frank
man, who bravely accepted the last link in the
chain of his logic; never concealing thorough
edge of his judgments upon public measures or
public men, and being ever more ready to risk
a full in a wrestle with his foes than t® con-
ciliatethem by anysoftconcessions, the muster-
roll of his enemies grew almost equally large
and formidable.
While the aims of Mr. Stjsveks were noble —
rarely petty or inconsequential—and his meas-
ures, if we do notinclude his financial ldiosyn-
cracies, were almost invariably on the highest
planes of morality and philanthropy, or at least
of national breadth and gravity ; such as the
educational system, successfully championed
in his adopted State; such as his earnest efforts
to secure the largest sum of wages to American
woikingmen through his advocacy of a pro-
tective tariff; such as his broad and unstinted
support of works of intercommunication from
the Atlantic to the Pacific ; such as his life-long
and persistent hunting down of slavery ; yet ho
cannot be said to have been fastidious, possibly
not always over-scrupulous, as to the means
used to accomplish the end.
Kconomy with him rarely rose to the dignity
of a great public virtue, as in his estimation it
was too cheap and often too nearly allied with
demagogism and niggardliness to be treated
with constant hospitality. The work of cut-
ting down appropriations was foreign to his
taste, and he appeared unhappy when the Gov-
ernment or its officers got less than they asked
for. To see the demands of public or private
claimants cut short was as painful to him as
would have been the sight of bloody surgery.
When an^r measure of great utility, as he un-
derstood it, was to be consummated and ordi-
nary means seemed inadequate, then it justified
prodigality. Public treasure and public lands
were seldom too precious in his eyes to be
scattered for objects national in their scope, and
he had no apprehensions, not being a jobber
himself', that, so scattered, surrounding job-
bers might harvest the" major part of the future
blessings to sp.iing up from such broadcast
dispensations. He was an ultra partisan, not,
however, of men, nor of parties, but of meas-
ures, and he rarely discovered many virtues in
men except among those holding coincident
and coextensive views and purposes with him-
self. lie was a bold and sometimes a success-
ful party leader.
Popular assemblages, no less than military,
revere audacity, and no infirmity, nor age,
nor defeat, nor all combined, ever impaired
the imperial will or the dauntless courage of
this redoubtable leader of the House of .Repre-
sentatives, though he was often confronted by
the angriest elements of political antagonism,
and sometimes even by the sour and fixed de-
termination of a majority of his own party. It
mattered little whether he carried the measures
he had in charge upon their own merits—con-
fident that they.had merits—or by the swifter
enginery of parliamentary tactics, or by a sneer,
not less swift and possibly more irrefutable, at
■•■Burke, Sam. Johnson, Washington, and Jackson.
some weak argument of an indiscreet opponent.
On the road to Jerusalem himself, he did not
regard it his fault if others, tugging at the same
load, supposed they were on the journey to
Rome. At all times equal to debate, the force
of " the previous question" was to him no less
pertinent. Though equal to argument, the tor-
ture of his wit he found equally unanswerable
and often easier and briefei. For all trimmers
he exhibited the fiercest scorn, and his pulver-
izing and merciless assaults upon opponents
inspired his own followers with courage, or
they assumed it if they had it not, dreading the
rigor with which he drummed out of camp the
rear of his own party, or those who, not ambi-
tious to be in advaneeof public opinion, evinced
cowardly and balky symptoms in the closing
conflict of the yeas and nays.
Though he aspired to lead and was never an
apt follower, nor to be counted upon much as a
coadjutor of measures not advised or devised
by himself, he was wholly untinetured by vanity,
and seemed nearly as oblivious to the praise
of friends as to the censure of enemies. With-
out self conceit and iron-clad against criticism,
especially newspaper criticism, he never courted
flattery nor counted it as any part of his wages.
Envious of nobody, careless of his own repu-
tation, he was wholly satisfied when satisfied
with the result, and neither revised his own
speeches nor paid much attention to the re-
vised speeches of anybody else. Though deaf
himself to personal compliments, he cordially
praised and remembered all those who voted
rightly, and was an inexorable hater of those
who did not or dodged. Rarely wounded in
any contest his wounds never bled, but healed
without scars, as he had no memory for the
blows he provoked and received, still less
apology or regret for such as he had given. It
may be added that whoever attacked him with
such spirit as to show he might, be regarded as
having been bitten, and not merely barked at,
was commiserated as one shortly to appear at
some whipping-post, as all knew such attacks
were likely to be repaid with vengeance of
some sort, and curiosity was on tip-toe to see
whether by pungent logic or by a stunning
left-handed word charged with an explosive
and pitiless sarcasm.
There was a marvellous versatility in his
resources both offensive and defensive. Vvhen
he rose—all unperplexed as to what he should
say or by what had been said—-none could pre-
dict to what weapon from his miscellaneous
arsenal he would resort, but whether it proved
to be of pagan or Christian temper, of ancient
or modern invention, it was likely to be thrust
to the quick. He was respectable in pathetic
and even eloquent appeals; excellent in the
impregnable logic of statement; supeib in the
indignant flashes of denunciation ; unrivaled
in repartee ; and always at home in rude and
burly satire. "With much pith and marrow in his
discourse he had little of the mere rhetorician,
never running out of his way after dainty words
nor elaborating graceful sentences, and might
have been expected to risk his unsounded capa-
bilities in song with less reluctance than a poetic
quotation. Not unfamiliar with the classics,
and resorting to them occasionally with felicity,
he could yet stoop to sources less refined in
order to ovei whelm, if not to bedaub, an adver-
sary. He was a chief dreaded by many and
admired by more. He could be courtly and
dignified in his manner—generally was so—or
put on a rough and bantering style amusing to
friends but rather tcrrifie to those who were
not. General courtesy in debate, however,
was his prevailing habit, and toward those wku
annoyed him roost when it might have been
presumed that he felt the least inclined to gen-
ii tleness, he had a knack of loading his man-
jj ner, by way of irony, with a suavity slightly
|i exaggerated and visible to all save the party
jj -thus unconsciously afflicted. He never wearied
j| his hearers by too frequent or too protracted
ij speaking, and was far too sagacious to make
j! a weak or unnecessary speech, or to tender
j inflated or spurious wit for the genuine coin.
II But with all his affluence as a debater, his
