1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
in charity to the Union prisonersiin the city
of Charleston, thereby doing nothing more than
their religious obligations, that the vows of their
sisterhood demanded that they should do for
all persons in distress. We are asked, in view
of this voluntary.rendition of services of that
kind, to which their whole lives have by special
vows been dedicated, to give them this dona-
tion of money in recognition of those services
as it appeals upon the face of the amendment.
I am desi«ms of knowing when and where the
Congress of the United States have engaged
in work of this kind before, and even if they
have engaged in it,,where it is to end.-
But, sir, when we come to sift -this matter
what dowe find? That the claim or the appro-
priation isurged upon the Senate on thegrourid
that the house occupied by these Sisters of Mercy
in the city of Charleston was destroyed, by the
bombar-dtaent of that city by the Union forces.
That is the foundation that is laid for this claim,
and that foundation having once before been
examined by the Committee on Claims it was
totally rejected. Sir, if we are going to pay
for the institutions of charity that 'were de-
stroyed by the bombardments made by the
Union soldiers where shall we end ? How many
of them are there ? Does not every Senator
here know that we are not only under no obli-
gation to rebuild such fabrics but that it is alto-
gether contrary to our duty in the premises ?
Let those who founded the charities look after
them when they have met the fortune of war,
not the conquering Government that in fighting
a rebellion was compelled to destroy them.
But itseema that this is nota sufficient found-
ation. We have paraded before us "<the or-
phans," " the poor little children," "thelittle
orphan children," tenderly spoken of, affec-
tionately and aflfectingly mentioned here in the
Senate Chamber; that because these ladies
have charge of these orphans we should give
this $20,000 from the national Treasury. Sir,
apply the principle asserted as the basis of this
appropriation on a wider field and see what
you will come to. Are these ladies the only
ones in the United States that ministered to
the wants of the Union soldiers ? Are they the
only associated ladies who ministered to those
wants? The whole country knows that they
were not. I can point you to associations of
American women, not bound by any vows to
charity for a life, but bound by higher vows,
the charity of home, of the wife and the mother,
that left them all and went abroad into the
field, into the camp, into the tent, into the hos-
pital, and at the deathbed of the soldier and
at his grave, impelled not by any vows of
charity, but by the dictates of patriotism. I
demand of this Congress, I demand of this
nation, if you pass this amendment, thatthere
shall be a recognition of the glorious heroism
and self-sacrifice of the wives and mothers
and daughters of the Republic to the dying
sons of the Republic in that war.
But suppose you put it upon the ground of
the destruction of the house. Mark you, sir,
it was in enemy's territory. It shared the fate
of the other houses that surrounded it. You
want now to pay for it, do you ? Where is the
ghost of theSue-Murphey claim? A loyal wo-
man, claiming to be loyal, supported here as
loyal—you tore down her house to make way
for your cannon balls to sho„ot in the ranks of
the enemy ; and when you did that and -she
came here you spent three weeks in debating
the claim and turned her away from the door
of Congress. A loyal woman, too, mark you !
What do you knoiv of the loyalty of these
South Carolina Sisters of Mercy ? Have you
any proof of it ? Not a syllable. Theloeality
is prima facie evidence against their loyalty.
Why not turn around now and go and hunt up
the loyal men and women of this country whose
property has been destroyed by thousands of
millions by.the Army of the Union for military
purposes and pay them all ?
But, sir, if you putit upon the ground of the
orphans, where are the thousands, nay, per-
haps hundreds of/thousands of the orphans of
the dead Union braves who saved your coun-
try? Will you do nothing for them? Will
yon do nothing for the asylums for them, located
all over.the country, based upon the charities
of loyal men and women—pay nothing for
them, but give it all to the Sisters of Mercy
for their orphans? Ah, sir, let the Senate of
the United States do such a deed as that once
and how many more will they have to do ?
Sir, I forbear to consume time in the discus-
sion of this matter. I trust that under no
circumstance whatever could the Congress of
the United States be induced to pass such an
appropriation as'this.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I should
■not trouble the Senate again except for the fact
that the Senator from Vermont said a few
moments ago that a plain statement of this
matter ought to determine the judgment of the
Senate against the proposition. 'Sir, I think
aplain statement of the matter ought to determ-
ine the judgment of the Senate for itj and
what is it? These Sisters of Mercy for whom
this appropriation is proposed to be made,
living there in the enemy territory, could do
nothing actively in aid of the Go-v^rnment;
they could not take up arms ; they could not
enlist in the service of the General Govern-
ment; but there in the enemy's country, when
our friends, oursoldiers came within their reach
they came and relieved them." In the progress
of the war their building was destroyed. They
do not come here and make a claim for that;
and let me inquire of the Senate what would
be the first question' asked if they came here
and made a claim for the destruction of their
property? Why, sir, it would be as to their
loyalty. That was the question made on the
claim of Sue Murphey, of which the Senator
from Missouri just now spoke. That was the
question as to her, and upon that her case
turned.
If these Sisters of Mercy made a claim and
the question of their loyalty was raised, and
the proof was that all they could do there in
the enemy's country they did for our friends
and for our sick and our 'disabled and o,ur
wounded, who would say that they were not
loyal?
The Senator from Missouri says they were
enlisted in a cause for which they had pledged
their lives and had made sacred vows; that
they devoted their lives to that purpose. Sir,
it was not a question with them of loyalty to
the Government; it was a question of loyalty
to humanity. Your sick .came within their
reach and they relieved them; your wounded
came there and they ministered to their wants
and they relieved them; your hungry came
there £ind they fed them; your nakgd, came
within their reach and they clothed tliem. In
obedience to the dictates of Him who endeav-
ored to establish on' earth peace, of which we
have heard so much this evening, they sought
to do what they could to bring about peace.
Sir, the plain statement of the case is that
they relieved our sick and our wounded, and
they come here now and ask that we should
acknowledge that in the way of a substantial
compensation or remuneration which will be
of benefit to them.
I think the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] asked of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] a moment ago what clause in the
Constitution would authorize this appropria-
tion. Sir, there is no such clause there any
niore than there is one that authorized the
appropriation of millions for charities in the
southern States. As was said by the Senator
from South Carolina a few moments ago, we
h'ave spread these southern States all over with
the ministers of our charity, and millions have
been appropriated as matters of charity. Now,
merely the small pittance of $20,000 is asked;
and it would be a scandal among the nations
of the world if this American Congress could
not do this little charity of $20,000.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment as
amended, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say one
word in explanation before I vote. I find on
looking at this amendment that it is urged
quite differently from what I supposed from the
character of the debate. I,t does not propose
to make an appropriation in consideration of
the destruction of property, but for services
rendered to the Union soldiers.
The yeas and nays were taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On this question I have
paired off with the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks,] who is necessarily absent at this
moment. If he were present he would vote
for the amendment, and I should vote against it.
Mr. COLE. I am paired off 011 this ques-
tion with the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Fowler.] He would vote for it and I against it.
The result was announced—yeas 20, nays
22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew, Conness, Da-
vis, Harris, MoOreery,/McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Norton, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Bice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Warner—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling,
Drake, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Henderson,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Os-
born, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Trumbull,
Yiokers, Wbyte, Williams, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell, Cole,
Corbctt, Cragini Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fowler,
Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks, Kellogg, Morton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pool, Ross, Saulsbury, Welch, Willey, and
Yates—24.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
, The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to insert after the seven
hundred and thirty-seventh line the following:
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum:
Fortho support of the asylum, over and above the
probable amount received for pay patients, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out in line seven
hundred and forty-seven the word "twelve"
and insert "six so as to read:
For the care, support, and medical treatment of
sixty transient paupers, medical and surgieal pa-
tients, in some proper medical or charitable institu-
tion m the city of Washington, under a contract to
be formed with such institution, $6,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
seven hundred and fifty-nine the following new
section:
Sec.—. A.ndbe it further? enacted, That the Clerk
of the House be directed lo ray out of the contin-
gent fund the sum of &400 to W. S. Morse, and the
sum of $100 to Charles S. Shambaugh, which shall be
in full of all claim by them on account of services
rendered to the Committee on Military Affairs in
collecting during the recess of the Thirty-Ninth.
Congress the papers and evidence respecting artifi-
cial limbs furnished to soldiers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as a new section :
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That the sum
of $7,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated. for tlie relief of the Mount Vernon La-
dies' Association of the Union, to be applied to the
repair and preservation of the property at Mount
Vernon-under the direction of tho military offic.er in
charge of the public buildings and grounds.
The amendmentwas agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
A message'from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House further insisted on its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 1746) for the removal of cer-
tain disabilities from the persons therein named,
asked,a farther conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mir. H. E. paine-of Wisconsin, Mr.
F. C. Bea*man" of Michigan, and Mr. James
Brooks of New York managers at the same on
its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1746) for the re-
moval of certain disabilities from the persons
therein named, disagreed to by the House.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further, insist upon its
amendments disagreed to by the House, and, agree to
