1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' G LOBE.
149
temperament could not restrain some eccentri-. 1
ci'iesofliis nature, or slipsof the tongue, which j
exposed him to bitter reproaches as well as
friendly regrets. Humangrievancesandoppres-
sions roused his passions, and when roused he
could not be warranted against eruptions of
temper as likely to throw stones into the gar-
dens of friends as of enemies. Having a tough
and wiry constitution, he bore any amount of
fatigue and some excesses with little pain or
injury. Punctual in his attendance at the com-
mittee-room, not inattentive to a multifarious
correspondence, watching with sleepless vigi-
lance all bills on the Calendar, and preparing to
mend or maim the leading propositions of every
committee, taking part in the daily debates, and
though weary at evening from labor and the
languor of more than three-score years and ten
he yet ill the morning, "dreaming he was a boy
again," would often have in unexpected readi-
ness a carefully-prepared speech, written in his
own rapid, scrawling, thorn-hung style, up®n
such subjects as he felt to be important and to
which he wished to direct the attention of the
country ; but when he aimed merely to carry
the House his speeches were extemporaneous
and of marked brevity. Barren of oratorical
ostentation, he not only never gave the House
a surfeit of himself, but was visibly impatient
when others became tedious, silencingalllegis-
lative loquacity, if the temper of the House per-
mitted—and of that he was an expert judge—
by any parliamentary device within his reach.
Weakening no cause by learned length or refine-
ment he yet alwaysappeared to have a reserved
force ready to repel unlooked-for attacks from
'any quarter.
Not always averse to the exhilaration and
late hours of a diner-out, nor of jubilant com-
pany and occasional diversions anywhere, he
was, nevertheless, sure to be at his post when
wanted, and seldom lacked luck or vigor in
the closing rubber of debate.
Mr. Stevens was a little lame, having a
defect hardly to be concealed—an imperfect
foot—similar to that of Scott and Byron,
though, unlike the latter, he never attempted
its concealment, and being unaccustomed to
all borrowed aid consented reluctantly to lean
even upon a cane. Like John Quincy Adams
and some others, he never required the aid of
glass.es, for "his eye was not dim, nor his
natural force abated."
Having been a lite-long bachelor, for years
extensively engaged in business as an iron
manufacturer, as well as in the practice of the
law. whatever may have been his habits of
study they were not likely to have been sys-
tematic, yet they certainly cannot have been
marked by idleness; and his memory, retentive
and capacious, enabled him to grasp beyond
the learning appropriate to his profession the
general store of a scholar, but a scholar with-
out pedantry or nicety, as he grasped general
principles with little knowledge of and less
taste for minor details. He sought for com-
prehensive results in the briefest time, and in
his devotion to literary and professional read-
ing never could have been a drudge. The
quickness of his apprehension, indeed, was so
great that he could almost afford to cast off
the pain of slow and careful study.
When speaking Mr. Stevens, notwithstand-
ing his infirmities, stood erectand firmly poised,
as if conscious that his foundation reached to
the very center of the earth. His strongly cast
head, surmounted by a dark and rather pon-
derouswig, and his stern visage, with brow, eye,
mouth, and chin, indicating the " sign and
sianet of the Almighty to command," all helped
to"niake him a grand and central figure in the
House of Representatives ; but there was little
grace or polish in his periods or gestures-—only
fire or force or jocularity. _ An angular and
jerky gesticulation, with his lean and bony
hands often clenched together, gave point to
his words, and he strongly pictured their mean-
ing by the changing moods of his face, which
played, whether grave or gay, in gruff harmony
-with the tone of his voice and argument. His
countenance had more the stony features of
authority than of sweetness.- A beholder would
have found it easy to believe him a man of
matchless vigor and potentwiil and not difficult
to rank him among the great.
His running undertone commentary upon the
debates—sometimes, though rarely, caught up
by the reporters—and upon occurrences of the
day while in his seat, as well as his occasional
talk in the first half hour in the committee-
room, was characterized by wisdom and fun
mingled and lost in the whirl of business hand
in hand with levity. Never, indeed, was wit
of all the varieties, coarse and fine, exhibited j
in more bewildering profusion. Could any
Boswell have treasured up all thesepithy sallies
and ceaseless corruscations, the sportivcness of
a genius less sugary thau sour aud bitter, they
might have been found to be surpassed in purity
of sentiment or in elegance of phraseology, but
surely not in terse severity nor in wealth and
heartiness of humor. He daily wasted in this
private and serai-grotesque distribution of
mirth, sense, and satire, often indiscriminately
among friends and foes, a capital sufficient,
could it have been preserved, to rival almost
any of the acknowledged masters among the ;
colloquial wits of this or possibly of any age. j
But the gusto with which he let loose his riotous j
and sparkling fun could not reduce him to the j
level of a weak and trivial joker, for the reason
that he had a depth and seriousness of pur-
pose, a bitterness of resolve, never out of
sight, which did not permit him, even in sport,
to trifle with the master questions of the day
nor with those principles which held indispu-
table empire over his head and heart.
His wit was all his own, and he had no skill
in working ores mined by others, failing even
in the common art of story-telling. When his
witticisms—and his attempts at wit were rarely
failures—were rehearsed in his presence, as
would often happen, and when, with the usual
fate of such brittle and brilliant wares, tliey
were sadly broken and dimmed b3' the clumsi-
ness of the retailer, I never knew him to reset
the dislocated parts of his jokes or to con-eel
even the baldest blunders ; nor did 1 ever know
him to reproduce or to give a new edition of
the good things of which he was the constant
arid prolific author. Burn in a jovial moment,
often glowing with passion, they were foundlings
never after to be nursed by parental solicitude.
Through life lie adhered mainly to the same
political principles, and no more thought of
ratting from his party when unblest by majori-
ties than when in the heyday of its prosperity.
Whenever he stood forth, as he often did, in
belialfofsomeof the immortal principles under-
lying liberty or human rights, he rarely tailed
to make conspicuous Ins full strength, dis-
playing at once the profundity of his convic-
tions and the breadth of his philosophy, the
energy of his invective and the flash of his wit,
as well as the power and earnestness of his
speech. His style was clear, yet abrupt and
concise; animated, yet massive; and though
lacking ideality, never lacked vigor. Whether
he led a. conquering majority or a forlorn hope
he never watered the truth to make it more
popular; but waving the banner of a para-
mount idea, and self-assured sooner or later of
victory, he bid defiance to foes, to time, anu
fate. ... . .
Mr. Steven's retained his intellectual activity
to the end of his days, and could not at the
I latest moment be persuaded to^ forego any
! position, however irksome, to shield himself
| from labor or responsibility, as if determined
! " to die like a camel in the wilderness, with his
i burden on his back." Age brought for him
I no quietude; success no abatement of his m-
I dornitabie spirit; and  s \er could it have been
! truly said of him as of Wilkes, in his old age.
| that he was "a volcano burnt out." Cairied
| at last to the House of Representatives lor
| months in a chair, he clung to his prerogatives
as chairman of committees with as unqpench-
; able tenacity as the Pope of Rome clings to
j the scepter of secular power. Death came
when tired nature itself surrendered He was
! released from life at an auspicious moment.
when the highest object of his desire—the abo-
lition of American slavery—had been com-
pleted; and if he loved life too well to con-
template death with the Christian's faith and
joy, he yet was able calmly to appreciate the
triumphs of his political philosophy—knowing
that at last his country, founded on a rock, was
whole and wholly free. The teachings of
Socrates and Plato were to him scarcely less
inspired than those of the Author of the "Ser-
mon on the Mount," whose doctrines he politi-
cally seemed to obey as divine.
We have had but one Franklin, but one John
Randolph, and we are not likely to have more
than one Tiiaddeus Stevens ; but the latter,
adorned with no title save that of a common
Representative of the people, and chiefly after
the autumnal age of sixty-live, when men are
usually expected to shun both physical and
intellectual toil, has won his niche of fame in
the Capitol of his country as assuredly as either
of the former well-defined but widely different
national celebrities.
The practical benevolence of Mr. Stevens
to those in want within liis own neighborhood
was of that kind which is " not puffed up and
I vaunteth not itself," nor did it spend its force
m a theoretical universality to the practical
exclusion of everybody in particular; but the
fires which he supplied to many hearthstones
of the poor, shielding them from the hard ex-
posures ofa rigorouselimate, will forever warm
the hearts of the recipients, and some tears
will bedew the grave of one who declared,
(January 13, 18(15.) in a brief speech which
finely exhibits his robust manner, that he
would be satisfied if Ms epitaph should be writ-
ten thus:
"Hero lies one who never roso to .-my cm in en oo,
and who only courted the low ambition to have it
said that he bad striven to ameliorate the condition
of the poor, the lowly, the downtrodden of every
race and language and color.''
The memory of Mr. Stevens will not perish,
because he never permitted his humanity to
grow old, and because, in spite of any other
deductions, he wasted no time in self-seeking
displays, but devoted his highest faculties to
measures alive with liberty, loyalty, and love
of his country.
And yet, Mr. President and Senators, there
is no fame more fleeting than that acquired
even by veterans in political service. The
whole body of congressional debates lor any
fifty years,'after a brief flight of time, will be
compressed into a volume not larger than that
now required for a single session,and the vol-
ume so abridged may, perhaps, "fit readers
find though few." Those of us who are in this
process to be dropped out, like the 'jad poems
in a revised edition, may reckon it some ad-
vantage that we are to be little known. Of all
the wan and weary candidates eager for the
fame of the political forum few can hope to
' leave the woildso much better than they found
i it as to secure the perpetual and grateful re-
| membranee of after ages. It is obvious, then,
: that to become the early prey of oblivion is
the doom of nearly all who arc led, by the
"infirmity of noble minds," to seek reputanon
through ephemeral services in the field of poli-
tics ; no registry here on the rolls of fame
( secures to any name a place m the book of
j life ; and, after all, the highest reward that can
!! await the true patriot, the wisest, and the best—
! the elevation really to be coveted—is_ the ap-
■' proval of that Being to whom we are indebted
;! for present life and the hope of such an im-
i mortality as will not be dependent upon the
i] frail memory of coming generations, destined
: to be too busy with their own times to look
,j curiously back upon the personal history of
!i those who will have become almost invisible in
II the long receding procession of the past.
i; Mr. SUMNER. The visitor, as he paces
the corridor leading to the House of Commons,
■ | stops with reverence before the marble statues
■j of the men who, during two centuries of Itjng-
I] lish history, adorned that famous chamber,
ji There are twelve in all, each speaking to the
i: memory as he spoke in life: beginning.witn
