150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
the learned Selden and the patriot Hampden,
with Falkland so sweet and loyal in character,
Soraers so great as a defender of constitutional
liberty, and embracing in the historic group
tlie silver-tongued Murray, the two Pitts, father
and son, Pox always first in debate, and that
orator whose speeches contribute to the wealth
of English literature, Edmund Burke.
In the lapse of time, as our history extends,
similar monuments may illustrate the approach
to our House of Representatives, arresting the
reverence of the visitor. If our group is con-
fined to those whose fame lias been won in the
House alone, it will be small; for members of
the House are mostly birds of passage only
perching on their way to another place. Few
remain so as to become identified with the
House, or their service there is forgotten in
the blaze of other service elsewhere, as was
the case with Madison, Marshall, Clay, Web-
ster, and Lincoln. Itis notdifficult tosee who
will find a place in this small company. There
must be a statue of Josiah Quiney, whose series
of eloquent speeches is the most complete of
our history before Webster pleaded for Greece,
and also a statue of Joshua 11. Giddings, whose
faithful championship of freedom throughout
a long and terrible conflict, make him one of
the great names of our country. And there
must be a statue of Thaddeus Stevens, who
was, perhaps, the most remarkable character
identified with the House, unless we except
.John Quiney Adams; but the fame of the lat-
ter is not that of a Representative alone, for
he was already illustrious from various service
before lie entered the House.
All of these hated slavery and labored for its
overthrow. Oil this account they were a mark
for obloquy and were generally in a minority.
Already compensation has begun. As the
cause, which they upheld so bravely, is ex-
alted, so is their fame. 15y the side of their far-
sighted, far-reaching and heroic efforts, how
diminutive is all that was done by others at
tho time ! Hovvvilethe spirit that raged against
them !
Stevens was a child of New England, as
were Quiney and Adams; but, after complet-
ing his education, ho found a home in Penn-
sylvania, which had already given birth to Gid-
dings. ' If this great central State can claim
one of these remarkable men by adoption only,
it may claim the other by paternity. Their
names are among its best glories.
Two things Stevens did for his adopted
State, by which he repaid largely all her hos-
pitality and favor. Ho taught her to cherish
education for the people, and he taught her
respect for Human Rights. The latter lesson
was slower learned than the former. In the
prime of Hfe, when his faculties were in their
highest vigor, he became conspicuous for earn-
est. effort, crowned by most persuasive speech,
whose echoes have not yet died away, for those
common schools, which, more even than l-ail-
roads, are the hand-maids of civilization, be-
sides being the true support of republican gov-
ernment. His powerful word turned the scale,
and a great cause was won. This same pow-
erful word was given promptly and without
hesitation to that other cause, suffering then
from constant and most cruel outrage. Here
he stood always like a pillar. Suffice it to say
that he was one of the earliest of abolitionists,
accepting the name and bearing the reproach.
Not a child in Pennsylvania conning a spelling-
book beneath the humble rafters of a village
school, who does not owe him gratitude; not
a citizen, rejoicing in that security which is
found only in liberal institutions, founded on
the equal rights of all, who is not his debtor.
When he entered Congress it was as cham-
pion. His conclusions were already matured,
and he saw his duty plain before him. The
English poet foreshadows him when he pic-
tures—
 "one in whom persuasion find belief
Had ripened into faith and faith become
A passionate conviction.''
Slavery was wrong and he would not tolerate
it. Slave-masters, brimming with slavery,were
imperious and lawless. From him they learned
to see themselves as others saw them. Strong
in his cause and in the consciousness of power,
he did not shrink from any encounter, and,
when it was joined, he used not only argument
and history, but all those other weapons by
which a bad cause is exposed to scorn and
contempt. Nobody said more in fewer words
or gave to language a sharper bite. Speeeh
was with him at times a cat-o'-nine-tails, and
wo to the victim on whom the terrible lash
descended.
Does any onedoubtthe justifiableness of such
debate? Sarcasm, satire, and ridicule are not
given in vain. They have an office to perform
in the economies of life. They are faculties to
be employed prudently in support of truth and
justice. A good cause is helped, if its enemies
are driven back ; and it cannot be doubted that
the supporters of wrong and the procrastinators
shrank often before the weapons he wielded.
Soft words turn away wrath ; but there is a
time for strong words as for soft words. Did
not the Saviour seize the thongs with which to
drive the money-changers from the Temple ?
Our money-changers long ago planted them-
selves within our temple. Was it not right to
lash them away ? Such an exercise of power in
a generous cause must not be confounded with
that personality of debate which has its origin
in nothing higher than irritability, jealousy,
or spite. In this sense Thaddeus Stevens was
never personal. No personal thought or motive
controlled him. What he said was for his coun-
try and mankind.
As the rebellion assumed its gigantic pro-
portions, he saw clearly that it could bo smit-
ten only through slavery, and, when after a
bloody struggle, it was too tardily vanquished,
he saw clearly that there could be no true peace,
except by founding the new governments on
the equal rights of all. And this policy he
urged with a lofty dogmatism, which was as
beneficent as uncompromising. The rebels
had burned his property in Pennsylvania, and
there were weaklings who attributed his con-
duct to the smart at his loss. How little they
understood his nature ! Injury provokes and
sometimes excuses resentment. But it was
not in him to allow a private grief to influence
his public conduct. The losses of the iron-
master were forgotten in the duties of the
statesman. He asked nothing for himself.
He did not ask his own rights except as the
rights of man.
I know not if lie could be called an orator.
Perhaps, like Fox, he were better called a de-
bater. And yet 1 doubt if words were ever
delivered with more effect, than when, broken
with years and decay, he stood before the Ren-
ate, and in the name of the House of Repre-
sentatives and of all the people of the United
States impeached Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, of high crimes and mis-
demeanorsin office. Who can forget his steady,
solemn utterance of this great arraignment?
The words were few, but they will sound through
the ages. The personal triumph in his position
at that moment was merged in the historic
grandeur of the occasion. For a long time,
against opposition of all kinds, against miscon-
ceptions of the law and against apologies for
transactions without apology, he had insisted
on impeachment: and now this old man, tot-
tering to your door, dragged the Chief Magis-
trate of the Republic to judgment. It was he
who did this tiling; andl should do poor jus-
tice to his life if 011 this occasion I failed to ex-
press my gratitude for the heroic deed. His
merit is none the less because other influences
prevailed in the end. His example will remain
forever.
In the House, which was the scene of his
triumphs, I never heard him bat onee ; but I
cannot forget the noble eloquence of that brief
speech. 1 was there by accident just as he
rose. He did not speak more than ten minutes;
but every sentence seemed an oration. With
unhesitating plainness he arraigned Pennsyl-
vania for her denial of equal rights to an
oppressed race, and rising with the theme,
declared that this State had not a republican
government. His explicitness was the more
striking because he was the Representative of
Pennsylvania. I presume the speech will be
found in the Globe. Nobody, who has con-
sidered with any care what constitutes a re-
publican government, especially since the defi-
nition supplied by our Declaration of Inde-
pendence, can doubt that he was right. His
words will live as the courageous testimony of
a great character on this important question.
The last object of his life was the establish-
ment of equal rights throughout the whole
country by the recognition of the requirement
of the Declaration of Independence. I have
before me two letters in which he records his
convictions, which are, perhaps, more weighty
because the result of most careful considera-
tion, when age had furnished experience and
tempered the judgment. "I have" says he,
" long and with such ability as I could com-
royid reflected upon the subject of the Declara-
tion of Independence, and finally have come to
the sincere conclusion that universal suffrage
was one of the inalienable rights intended to
be embraced in that instrument." Itis difficult
to see how there can be hesitation on this point.,
when the great title-deed expressly says that
governments derive their just powers from the
consent of the governed. But this is not the
only instance in which he was constrained by
the habits of that profession, which he practiced
so successfully. A great Parliamentarian of
France has said : "The more one is a lawyer the
less he is aSenator," Plus on estavocat mains
on est Sinaieur. IfSTEVENSreacliedhisconclu-
sion slowly it was because he had not completely
emancipated himself fro m that technical reason-
ing, which is the boast of the lawyer ratherthan
of the statesman. The pretension thatt he power
to determine the "qualifications" of voters,
embraced the power to exclude for color and
that this same power to exclude for color was
included in the asserted power of the States
to make "regulations" for the elective fran-
chise, seems at first to have deceived liirn ; as
if it was not insulting to the reason and shock-
ing to the moral sense, to suppose that any
unalterable physical condition, such as color of
hair, eyes, or skin, could be a " qualification,"
and, as if it was not equally offensive to sup-
pose, that under a power to determine " qual-
ifications" or to make " regulations," a race
could be disfranchised. Of course, this whole
pretension is a technicality set up against Hu-
man Rights. Nothing can be plainer than
that a technicality may be employed in favor
of Human Rights, but never against them.
Stevens came to his conclusion at last, and
rested in it firmly. It was his final aspiration
to see it prevail. He had seen much for which
he had striven embodied in the institutions of
his country. He had seen slavery abolished.
He had seen thefreedman lifted to equality of
political rights, by act of Congress: he had
seen the colored race throughout the whole
land lifted to equality of civil rights by act of
Congress. It only remained that he should see
them throughout the whole land lifted to the
same equality in political rights; and then,
the promises of the Declaration of Independ-
ence would be all fulfilled. But he was called
away before this final triumph. A great writer
of antiquity, a perpetual authority, tells us,
that " the chief duty of friends is not to honor
the departed by idle grief, but to remember
their purposes and to carry out their man-
dates." These are the words of Tacitus. I
venture to add that we shall best honor him
whom we now celebrate if we adopt his aspira-
tion, and strive for its fulfillment.
It is as adefender of human rights that Thad-
deus Stevens deserves our homage. Here he
is supreme. On other questions he erred. On
the finances his errors were signal. But history
will forget these and other failings, as it bends
with reverence before those exalted labors by
which humanity has been advanced. Already
he takes his place among illustrious names,
which are the common property of mankind. I
see him now, as I have eo often seen him during
