1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
is whether this amendment, is to. carry into
effect the provisions of that law. What are its
provisions? .The provisions are merely that a
commissioner shall be appointed who shall
report to us. 'Is this to carry those provisions
into effect—to appoint a commissioner and pay
him for his report? Not at all; something
altogether beyond that; and therefore it does
not come within any possible construction that
can be fairly put upon that rule.
I do not raise this question because I am
opposed to or in favor of the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa on its merits. I do not
know what the merits are. I wish to know what
they are ; but the last night of the session of
Congress, without examination" by a commit-
tee, is'not the time to ascertain them. That is
the ground on which I make the objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I have only this remark to
pake: if the original law had provided for the
payment of the money my amendment would
be unnecessary. It is only necessary for the
purpose of carrying into effect the law I have
read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the law creates no
obligation ; that is the ground of objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the amendment is in order,
inasmuch as it seems to be to carry out the pro-
visions of this law, it being asserted that the
amount is ascertained by the very commission
provided for by law. There was no order to
pay the amount found due, and this amendment
makes that provision. The question is ou the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
to the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to say that that
presents precisely the same case that is pre-
sented by the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, except that it is the case of Massachusetts
instead of Iowa.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the Clerk read it again.
The Secretary. The amendment to the
amendment is as follows:
Provided, That the claim of any State for expend-
itures in aid of the United States during the war of
the rebellion shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated where such
claim has been found due by any commission ap-
pointed for that purpose uuder the authority of
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that amendment in
order?
Mr. SHERMAN. I inquire of my friend
from Iowa whether the report of the commis-
sion has been made and sent to Congress ?
Mr. HARLAN. It has been made and sent
to Congressbut my colleague, who is more
conversant with the matter than lam, has been
compelled to retire "from the Chamber on ac-
count of sickness.
Mr. SHERMAN. Was the report of the
commission referred to any committee of this
body?
Mr. HARLAN. Ido notknowwhetheritwas
referred to a committee of this body or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the case of Missouri,
the ease of Indiana, the case of Kansas, and
in many other cases, the reports were submit-
ted here, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and then reported in the form of resolutions
or bills from thecommittee. Any other coarse
would be extraordinary, I think. The com-
missioner may be a very dull man or he may
be a very bright man ; he may be a very liberal
man ; his reports may be absurd. Such a re-
port is always referred to a committee of this
body for the purpose of ascertaining whether
it is a proper claim or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody has seen the
report yet that I can find.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would be evidently
wrong to vote hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars from the Treasury on a matter never acted
on by a committee of this body, and of which
now the honorable Senatorfrom the very State
from which the claim comes cannot tell us any-
thing about. He does not know what com-
mittee it is before, where it is, whether it has
been considered, or whether it has been re-
ported adversely upon.
Mr. HARLAN. I perhaps ought to say one
word in reply to the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Ohio. If the committee did not
examine it-it was not the fault of the Senator
from Iowa. It was referred to the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. What committee?
Mr. HARLAN. TheCommittee on Appro-
priations, under the rules of the Senate itself,
in ample time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not mean the
claim, but the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to ask the Senator how these figures are
ascertained? Tie sum appropriated here is
$229,848 23. The amendment is in this lan-
guage :
For reimbursement of the State of Iowa for ex-
penses incurred and payments made during the rebel-
lion, as examined, audited, and found due to the
State by General Robert C. Buchanan, commissioner,
under the act of Congress of July 25,1866, $229,848 23.
Mr. HARLAN. That is the exact amount
found to be due by the commissioner under the
law that was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I caH for the reading of
the report of the commissioner. Let us see
what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No such
report is here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the Chair
to say that the document is not before this body?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
before the Chair. The Chair cannot "under-
take to judge of the facts. It is said that the
amount was ascertained. That is a question
for the Senal e, whether it is ascertained or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not my point. I
ask that the public document referred to in the
amendment may be read for the information
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in the possession of the Secretary, I believe.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose if the Senator
will send it to the Secretary he will read it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; but the Sen-
ator is entirely unable to find any such docu-
ment, and he supposes, inasmuch as the Sen-
ator from Iowa states in his amendment that
there has been such an official report made to
this body, that this body is in possession of it
and that it can be used on this question. If no
such report has been made then my honorable
friend from Iowa is mistaken in moving the
amendment at all. If it has'been made and
is a part of our proceedings I wish to have it
read in this connection ; but I understand the
Chair to say it is not in the possession of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems tome
the difficulty about the case is that it is not
made out on the facts. I underetandthe Chair
to rule that the amendment is before the Sen-
ate. The question is whether the Senator
from Iowa, offering his amendment, makes out
his case on the facts. The amendment is that
a certain sum of money be paid as found due
according to a certain report. There is no
evidence here ; there is no evidence the com-
mittee could acton as to such a report.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is a little unkind
for the chairman of the very committee to
whom the case was referred to say they have
not reported on it, when if I could say publicly
what has been said to me privately it is a mere
oversight that it was not reported and carried
into the bill by that committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the. Sen-
ator refer to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations?
Mr. HARLAN. I do refer to him; but per-
haps, judging from a suggestion made to me
by my honorable friend upon the right, the
Senator may be talking about one amendment
and I about another.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was not talk-
ing about the notice given; that was all right;
but the Committee on Appropriations had no
evidence furnished to verify the statement in
this amendment, and the suggestion I make
to the Senator is that he does not furnish the
Senate with evidence to verify the fact stated
in the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire of my hon-
orable friend if that is the reason the Commit-
tee on Appropriations did not report in favor
of the amendment formally?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir, it was
not; because the truth is my attention was not
called to it personally-.
Mr. HARLAN. It was an oversight.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was an over-
sight on the part of the committee ; but we had
no evidence before us and I saw no amend-
ment. So far as the rule is concerned the
Senator from Iowa performed his duty when
he sent it to the committee. The Senator's
colleague is a member of that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the'amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. I was explaining the amend-
ment to the amendment. I said that it stood
on precisely the same ground with the propo-
sition moved by the Senator from Iowa.. If
that can be sustained by the Senate then my
amendment can be sustained. The only differ-
ence between the two is that one concerns Iowa
and the other concerns Massachusetts. The
case of Massachusetts is identical with that of
Iowa. There were troops employed there at
considerable expense to the State during the
war of the rebellion, especially for the defense
of the coast, and the expenditures of the State
on that account have since the war been ex-
amined, audited, and found to be due by a com-
mission acting by the authority of Congress,
precisely as in the case of Iowa. Therefore,
if the Senate can recognize the validity of the
Iowa claim, it must also recognize the validity
of the Massachusetts claim. I see no difference
between them. I would say, however, that I
do not rpove this now with any idea of embar-
rassing the amendment of my friend, the Sen-
ator from Iowa. 1 do it only to taKe advantage
pf the proposition he has made in order to
secure the rights of my State.
I have had too much occasion for the last two
days to see in this Chamber tha,t a claim pre-
sented from Massachusetts hardly receives the
favor that a claim from another State might
expect and actually receives. There is a differ-
ence._ Sena ors are disposed to attack Massa-
chusetts, to vote againsther claims. The Senator
from Ohio smiles. He led in an attack on Massa-
chusetts which was ptterly unjustified. Now,
here is another opportunity for him to lead in
an attack on Massachusetts. . I insist that the
two cases shall go together, identical as they
are in their character. You cannot vote for
one without voting for the other. You cannot
reject the one justly without rejecting also the
other.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I now have
in my hand the report of the commissioner which
seems to be so much desired by the honorable
Senator from Maine and the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont. I can read now the items.
I could read the whole report, but I prefer to
confine myself to the substance of it. General
Buchanan reports:
"My examination of these accounts shows me that
they are carefully made up in accordance with the
laws of the State, verified on oath, and though not
in the forms used by the Treasury Departm' nt, yet
sufficiently like them for all practical purposes. I
thereforedid not attemptto apply to them the regu-
lations of the accounting officers of the Treasury, for
had this been possible it did not seem likely that
Congress would have provided by law for a commis-
sioner 'to examine and report upon' claims that
could have been a.* well decided Upon by those offi-
cers themselves. The letters of the t-ecretary of the
Treasury and the Second Comptroller, hereto ap-
pended, sanction this opinion."
The commissioner then proceeds to make a
detailed statement of the amounts that he finds
due under the various heads, of which this is
an example:
Colonel Mor ledge's regiment.
On account of pay of officers and men 514,405 11
On account of subsistence  1,206 56
On account of transportation   1,988 60
On account of forage  206 35
On account of other expenses  105 02
Amount claimed on all accounts 817,911 64
Then he states minutely the amount found
