1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
due under tbe head of Colonel Edwards's regi-
ment- then again under Captain Jones's com-
pany ; then the southern border brigade, north-
ern border brigade, northwestern frontier
cruard, and summing up the whole claim it
amounts to 8229,848 23, and is signed "Rob-
ert C. Buchanan, Brevet Major General United
States Army, Commissioner."
I hope this will be satisfactory to the two
honorable Senators who have called for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I supposed that
if claims for expenditures during the war were
such that the Department could not under
existing laws settle them they underwent some
investigation in the Senate; that they were
referred to a committee o£ the Senate and
reported upon. This claim has been"submitted
to no investigation in the Senate. The report
of the commissioner I really do not_ think
amounts to anything. My point is, that it must
either be a claim of thai character that the
Department may settle it, or if it is to bo passed
upon by the Senate it must be submitted to a
committee of the Senate and we not forced to
take the mere report of a commissioner.
'1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would inquire if that is
in order? I make a point of order on the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
and ask the decision of the Chair. It seems to
he a general provision for all States, making
appropriations for the benefit of all the States—
a piece of general legislation. It seems to me
to be out of order.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment seems to the Chair to
be in order. The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
jpjgCt6(l.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not feelatall encour-
aged in favor of voting this large sum of money
instantly on the first inspection by this report.
The document which my honorable friend from
Iowa has produced purports to be a report
made in the House of Representatives by Mr.
Garfield from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. He copies the whole report
of General Buchanan.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps he does. I do
not know whether he.does or not. But that pur-
ports to give a report dated " Commissioner's
office Iowa Claims, Washington, District of
Columbia, December 6, 1807," which pro-
ceeds to set out under a variety of accounts
what the claim is, not undertaking to pass upon
it, because he had no authority to pass upon it;
he was merely to report to us ; he pursued his
duty if he did report it. The act under which
he was to proceed expressly provided that he
should report oil or before the 1st day of De-
cember, 18(50. His authority, therefore, was
entirely exhausted for more than a year before
he undertook to report at all, because he did
not report until December, 1867.
Congress had a purpose in providing for some
immediate limitation in the examination of
the^e accounts; but the matter was allowed to
lie for more than a year, arid then it is said we
have this report. Now, in what I say I do not
mean to express myself as opposed to this
claim or any other of the State ot Iowa. I
only mean to say that the Senate has no right
to dispose of the tax-payers' money on the
jump here, the last night of the session, with-
outany investigation, which is impossible now;
and saying that, I appeal to the Senator from
Iowa it" it is right to press a claim that has not
been audited and allowed by anybody, that the
statute never authorized to be audited and
allowed by anybody, that has not been exam-
ined by any committee, without any opportu-
nity of examination, but which is only reported
to us as a claim of the State of Iowa by this
officer. -
Now, without expressing any opinion on the
ultimate merits of the claim, I appeal to the
honorable Senator if it is consistent? with our
sense of what is good policy and justice to the
people as well as the States to press an amend-
ment of this kind at this late hour?
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, if the
Senators vote depends on my judgment in the
matter I will say to him that I think it is right
and that it ought to be paid. Tbe officer ap-
pointed by the President has attempted to carry
into effect the law. He is a high officer of the
Government acting on his official responsi-
bility. He goes to tbe ground or to the proper
Departments, finds all the papers, examines
them minutely, and makes his report on his
official responsibility to Congress..
What did the law mean ? It certainly in-
tended that if anything was due to Iowa it
should be paid. The President appointed the
commissioner provided for in the lajv. The
commissioner proceeded to perform his duty,
and has made his report, and has reported the
exact amount of money due the State of Iowa
under these-various heads, which is mentioned
in the amendment I have offered, and which
was referred to the proper standing commit-
tee of this body. I do not think it at all con-
clusive that the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont may not have examined thi  particular
claim and tbat he may have some doubts
whether he might not have found some object
tions to its payment if he were to examine it.
Why, Mr. President, as great as the honorable
Senator is it is impossible for him individually to
examine all the cases thatcome before this body.
He examines, I have no doubt, carefully and
minutely and ably everything that is submitted
to him or submitted to a committee of which
he is a member, but he not happening to be a
member of the committee to which this was
referred the Senate has not the benefit of the
light which he could have thrown on this sub-
ject ; but as it is impossible for any one Sen-
ator to do all the business that is necessary to
be done for this country, he ought not to com-
plain of' the rest of us who have examined
subjects if we desire the judgment of the Sen-
ate on them, even though he may not feel per-
fectly clear in regard to them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I con-
gratulate my honorable friend from Iowa upon
the successful demonstration he has made, so
far as I am personally concerned. I admit that
the Senate cannot wait for my investigations,
but I do submit that they ought to wait for his.
It was not fifteen minutes ago that he was
apologizing for knowing nothing at all about
this claim because his associate was away.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I hope the
Senator will not do me injustice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; justice.
Mr. HARLAN. I only gave my colleague
credit for knowing more than I did on the sub-
ject. That was all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. I think it
very likely that my friend is correct in his
statement. I hope so, at any rate. [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, what I was objecting to was not the
fact that I was unacquainted with this claim
myself, except as one sixty-sixth part of this
body. What I did object to was that the^ Com-
mittee on Appropriations had not investigated
this claim ; whether it was their fault or not is
not for us or for the tax-payers. The Senate
has not had the benefit of anybody's investi-
gation except that of the two Senators whose
State is claiming the money. That is the
trouble.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask my hon-
orable friend whether he understands it to be
the duty of the Committee on Appropriations
to investigate all possible claims ot' which they
have notice that some other committee will
move them on their bills?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President; I do
not think it is. I do not care whether it is or
not. 1 am not imputing any blame to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I thmk they did
rifhf. Here was this amendment sent to them,
with no document before this body upon which
it was founded, no evidence furnished to which
they could refer, and therefore they did not
report upon it. But no matter how that may
be, this body is entitled and the people who
have to bear the burden are entitled to have
every claim investigated, by somebody besides
the claimant before this body. This claim has
not been investigated, confessedly ; no com-
mittee has looked into it at all; and here it
offered by-my honorable friend at the last mo-
ment of the session and he desires the Senate
to pass it, so far as I can study his argument,
upon the sole ground that the Senator from
Vermont is not satisfied with it.
Mr. HARLAN. Why, Mr. President, lam
amazed at the Senator. He says it has not
been examined by anybody when it has been
examined by the very officer provided for by
the law itself. Congress, both branches of
Congress, passed, a law directing the President
to appoint a commissioner to examine this
claim of Iowa; the President appointed the
commissioner, and the officer thus appointed
has examined the claim. It was not intended
by Congress that the payment of this claim
should depend on the investigation of a commit-
tee or it would have been referred to a com-
mittee ; it was intended that it should depend .
on the report of the commissioner appointed
under the provisions of the law itself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
is entirely mistaken in his construction of the
law. The law expressly requires this commis-
sioner to examine these claims and report,
them to Congress for its action. This statute
does not admit any liability at all to the State
of Iowa; none can be wrung out of it by any
amount of construction or pressure. It is
merely to have the amount stated and reported
to this body or the other body for their con-
sideration.
Now, tbe Senator says that it being reported
we have no right to consider it; the report of
this officer is conclusive, aud we have nothing
to do but put our hands in our pockets and
take out the money and pay it. If no further
investigation is required why did not Congress
provide in the same act that this officer should
certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and
he should draw his warrants for the amount?
The statutes are full of laws of this kind, where
CongrehS, in Older to facilitate its own investi-
gations, appoints a commission to report to it
tne evidence and the statement of a claim.
When we have got that report we, through
our own committees, investigate the grounds
upon which it is based. It is because we have
not bad that investigation in this case that I
object to this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The, Senator cannot put
words in my mouth and I take it silently. I
said no such thing. I did not say that the
Senator or any member of the Senate had no
right to examine this claim. ^ I only said that
the Senator's suggestion that it had never beeu
examined was not according to the facts as I
understood tliem, for it has been examined
and the evidence is before the Senator's eye.
It has been examined as provided bylaw, under
the very law for which I doubt not the Senator
himself voted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The law provided that it
should expire a year before he made his invest-
igation, so that it was not under the law plainly.
Mr. HARLAN. If a claim thus examined
and presented to Congress cannot be paid I
do not know what claim can be paid. When
a special act is passed authorizing the appoint-
ment of a high officer of the Government to
examine into the merits of a claim, and when
that report has been made and is laid on the
desk of every member of Congress and lias
been lying there for weeks and months, if it
is to be defeated by this kind of snap argu-
ment I should despair of ever getting a just
claim through. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 18; as follow?:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Comiess, Drake, Har-
