1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
lan, Henderson, McDonald, Morgan, Norton, Pome-
roy, Ross. Sumner, Thayer,- Tipton, Van Winkle,
Vickers, Wade, Warner, Welch, and Williams—19.
1TAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Conkling, Edmunds,T?etry,
Fessenden, Erelinghuysen, Harris, McOreery, Mor-
rill ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pool, Rice, Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart,
Whyfce, and Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler. Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, How-
ard, Howe, Kellogg, Morton, Nye, Osborn, ratter-
son of Tennessee. Ramsey. Robertson, SaulsbuTy,
Sherman, Spencer, Trumbull, Willey, and Yate§—29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer the following
amendment as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That to enable the Pres-
ident to carry out the provisions of the third article
of the treaty of November 15,1861, with the Potta-
watomie Indians, as modified by the treaty of March
29, 1866, by passing to certain members of said tribe
who have elected to become citizens in accordance
with said treaties the proportion of the cash value
of the Pottawatomie annuities to which they maybe
entitled, the sum of 1233,163 80 in currency and the
sum of $123,699 73 in gold, to be paid outof the funds
belonging to said tribe of Indians, or so much of said
sums as may be necessary to pay the members of said
tribe who have actually withdrawn frord their tribal
relations and under said treaties have become citi-
zens of the United States, be, and thesame is hereby,
appropriated: Provided, That no part of said money
due or belonging to minor children shall be paid to
any person for such children until such person shall
have been duly appointed the guardian orcuratorof
such children and shall have executed a bond of
security as required by thelaws of the State of Kansas.
Sec. —. Arid be it further enacted, That before the
President shall cause any money to be paid under
the preceding section or any patents to be issued he
shall causc evidence to be taken and shall be satisfied
that the recipients are entitled to thesameunderthe
aforesaid treaties, and he may require the Seoretary
of the Interior to cause to be sold such proportion of
the bonds held by him in trust for said Indians as
may be necessary to comply with said provisions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is not a dollar
appropriated from the Treasury by the amend-
ment. There are funds belonging to the Pot-
tawatomie Indians held in trust, and under
the treaties alluded to there whenever any por-
tion of them shall separate from the tribe and
take their lands in severalty, the President is re-
Quired to sell a certain proportion of their stocks,
that is an amonnt to give to each one his pro-
portionate part so as to set him up in life as a
citizen of the United States. In the Indian
appropriation bill this matter was overlooked.
That bill is now before a conference committee,
but nothing having been said on this subject in
either of the Houses of course it is impossible
to get it into that bill. It is a matter of con-
siderable importance. Some six hundred and
seventy-four of theseTndians have taken their
lands in severalty. We provided for six hun-
dred of them last year. Six hundred and sev-
enty-four more have now separated from the
tribe and have taken their lands in severalty
and desire'their proportion of the funds. It is
but right that the stocks held in trust should
be sold, or a sufficient amount of them sold, in
order to give these Indians the proportion they
are entitled to. The amendment does not'take
a dollar from the Treasury, and it is not worth
while to object to it on that ground. The
Indian Committee have unanimously recom-
mended it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Maine will not object to it. They are citizens
and vote in our State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the amend-
ment makes no appropriation I do not object.
Mr. HENDERSON. It eomes out of their
own money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the bill
on page 26, line six hundred and fourteeu, by
striking out all after the word 11 provided," as
follows:
That for surveying the timbered lands lying west
of the coast range of mountains the same pay may
be allowed for township and section lines as is
allowed for standard lines.
. And inserting in lieu thereof:
That the Commissioner of frhe General Land Office
in his discretion may authorize public lands in said
State densely covcied with forests of thick under-
growth to be surveyed at augmented rates* not ex-
ceeding eighteen dollars per mile-ftfr standard par-
allels, fifteen dollars for township, and twelve dol-
lars for section lines. l
This amendment is simply changing the form,
of the bill, not affecting it particularly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have an
amendment to offer to which) J. presume the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions will not object, as it is to carry out more
precisely the amendment on page 27. It is to
insert after the word "-made" in line six
hundred and forty-three:
And the act entitled "An act to amend the charter
of the Washington Gas-Light Company," appproved
January 30.1865, be, and the sameis hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have an-
other amendment to come in on page 29, after
line six hundred and ninety-one:
To aid in supporting the National Association for
the.Relief of Destitute Colored Women and Children
of this District, $5,000, to be expended under the
direction of the executive committee of its board of
managers. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer two amend-
ments. The first is to insert after line two
hundred and forty-four:
For improvement ctf the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river, $50,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are you going to put
on the river and harbor bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. .No, sir; only two items.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to insert the fol-
lowing, to come in after the amendment just
adopted:
For improvement of the St. Clair flats, Lake St.
Clair, 1159,000.
• Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is from the
Committee on Commerce, I suppose.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; and I served
notice on the Senator. It has the unanimous
recommendation of the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is this the same
amount th&t was agreed upon by the Commit-
tee on Commerce in the bill reported to the
Senate?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
' The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line seven hundred and
fifty-nine:
For deficiency in the appropriation for the relief
of the Navajo Indians, now at or near Fort Sumner,
to be expended under the Secretary pf the Interior,
$80,813 58.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator if that is the same item which the Senate
put on the Indian appropriation bill?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir ; it has passed this
body twice.
Mr. CONNESS. My recollection is that
that is contained in the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is just
what I am inquiring about.
Mr. CONNESS. If so, certainly it should
not be here.
Mr. HARLAN. That makes it necessary.
I suppose, if I have leave to do it, that I can
make a verbal report from the joint commit-
tee of the two Houses in regard to the Indian
appropriation bill. The committees of con-
ference have met, and after a conference have
come to the conclusion that it will be impossi-
ble for them during the brief remaining hours
of the session to consider the various points
of difference of the two Houses. They there-
fore agreed not tq make, the attempt, but to
recommend to their Houses respectively, im-
mediately after the reorganization of the next
Congress, that the whole subject of Indian
affairs be referred to a joint committee of the
two Houses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer an amendment
from the Committee on Commerce, to come in
after line three hundred and seventy-two :
For life-boat station on Jlarragansett beach, Rhode
Island, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, $5,000.
The amendment wa$ agreed to.
Mr.- BUCKALEW. - I believe there is an
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions on page 8 which has not yet been acted
upon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are two
amendments not yet acted upon reported by
the Committee on Appropriations. I should
like to have the Clerk read them.
The PRESIDEiJTpro tevipore. The amend-
ments which have been passed over will now
be taken up.
The Secretary: Aftef line one hundred
and seventy-five the Committee on Appropria-
tions propose to strike out the following clause:
To defray the expense of a preliminary survey of
the site for the proposed navy-yard at League Island,
$5,000.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I asked that this amend-
ment should be laid over until the Senator from
New Jersey was present, and he is now here.
This is an appropriation of only $5,000 for the
survey of League Island, which the Senate will
remember was purchased by the city of Phil-
adelphia and donated to the General Govern-
ment and accepted for naval purposes. I sup-
pose there can be no objection now to retaining
this appropriation and voting down the amend-
ment, especially since the appropriation has
been made for New London.
Mr. CATTELL. I trust the appropriation
will be made. . The city of Philadelphia has
not only fulfilled its original contract with the
Government, but in addition has at an ex-
pense of over one hundred thousand dollars
bought the shore line. The Secretary of the
Navy recommends this appropriation simply
for a_ survey and for a preparatory report. I
sincerely hope the amendment will not be
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. How many
times has it been surveyed?
Mr. CATTELL. Never at the Government
expense, I will say, if the gentleman wants a
categorical answer.
Mr. MORRILL, pf Maine. I wish to make
a statement about that to remind the Senate of
what I said when I was up before. When my
attention was called to it I said the committee
had no especial information on the subject and
so struck'it out; the committee were not con-
fident whether it was right or wrong, but hav-
ing no information on the subject they deemed
it best to strike out the clause. Now, I under-
stand the Senator from New Jersey to say
that it is important, and if so, I think it would
be well, perhaps, for the Senate not to strike
it out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The ques-
tion is on the amendment to strike out the
appropriation.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
one more reserved amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations which will be read.
The Secretary. It is to strike out from^
line one hundred and seventy-nine to one hun*
dred and eighty-one, as follows;
For the completion of a bridge over the Dakota
river, and to locate and survey the road from said
bridge to the Vermillion bridge, $1,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is an old matter. I
do not know why this action should be taken
now. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferry] had it ig charge some time ago as a
member of the Committee on Territories. The
bridge is over the Dakota river, in the Territory
of Dakota. It seems a very moderate appro-
priation ; and really, in view of the wants of
.these new communities, it seems but a small
. contribution from the Government. I should
like to know from the chairman why the com-
mittee recommend striking out so moderate
and reasonable an appropriation.
. Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Connec-
ticut had this matter in hand a year ago, and I
hope he will explain it to the Senate.
Mr. EERRY. The question, as I under-
stand, is upon agreeing to the amendment
