mm
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
alarm again, that before the Senate, went out
the second time it was perfectly competent for
the President of tbe Senate to refuse to enter-
tain the objection of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. He did tw-ioerefhse it, and I only
regret that he did not persist in his refusal. It
was only; because, of the persistence of mem-
bers of this' House, that he waived his own
opinion until he had:time to consider. When
}ie came baAk,-having concluded that he was
right in the first glace and that he ought to
-persisted. in his refusal to entertain .the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
he announced that-concluSidtf,Iand persisted
accordingly. It is true that the vote of the
House not to count the vote of Georgia placed
us-iii.answkward and embarrassing position,
but oould not repeal the new joint rule.
Now,- Mr.•) Spsak^r, my .colleague [Mr.
Schhexck] is fertile in suppositions. He asks,
if the President of the Senate had opened
the, supposed returns of Georgia and found
only a newspaper in the envelope, would he
be bound to count it;, or suppose they were
sent froih South Carolina. It is easy to sup-
pose extreme and impossible cases. If any
absurd result should follow from such supposi-
tion the fault must be traced to the rule that
makes sitqh.a result possible. But the votes
were presented as of the State of Georgia," and
it'he' cobeurrent resolution provided that the
President of the Senate must count them, and
he did coiiht' them. '
Mr. PAINE. '• I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me.
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mh PAI'fTE. I thank my friend'for allowing
mo to ask him this Question, did tho President
of the joint .convention order the vote of Geor-
gia to he counted? Was that vote counted?
Did thfe,concurrent resolution of the two Houses
evpr order that vote to be counted ?
' Mr.'GARFIELD. .The new rule provides
a' definite formula tobe used by the "Vice Presi-
dent as precise as the ritual of the Church. He
is to dtfelare that if the vote 'of, Georgia be
counted the result for President will stand
thus and thus, and' if the vote of Georgia is not
counted the result will stand thus and thus ;
but in cither case the same persons are elected
President and Vice President.
Mr. PAINE. . The resolution which is now
pending before the House charges the Presi-
dent of the Senate, presiding over the joint eon-
veutionofthatwoHouses, with having counted,
or caused to be eounted,the vote of the State
of Georgia. I ask the gentleman whether as a
matter of- fact the President of the Senate did
any such thing ?
Mr. GARFlliLD. I presume it may be said
that in the strict meaning of the word "count"
t-hevoteof Georgia was notcounted. Weknow
it wag not counted in the same manner as the
votes of other States were counted ; but it is
apparent on the faec of the transaction that they
were counted bypothetically. , I quite agree
with ,roy friend .that in so far as the vote.s of
Georgia were counted at all they were counted
by th© resolution) and not by the. President of
the Senate.
Mr. PAINE. . I wish to ask whether this
resolution does not .expressly provide that the
President of a joint convention should declare,
if they are counted,, the result is so and so, and
if they are not counted it is so and so, with-
out requiring him to count them at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, , That is corr^t. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Botler]
asks whether the. Constitution does wot order
otherwise. I answer that the .President of the
Senate wasnostto question the constitutionality,
but was to.carry out and obey t{ie rule-adopted
for bis, guidance by both branches of Congress.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I merely wish to call the
gentleman's, attention, as he is quoting the
action , and declaration, of the President pro
tempore of the Senate and the Presiding Officer
of the joint convention, to what'took place in
the Senate., I am permitted'to refer to it, as 1
have it in the Globe. . After, tliey returned to
the Senate, in answer to a .question of Mr.
EBMOJfDS as to what had taken place and what
had been decided, the President pro tempore
said :
"The Chair will state that the.gentleman from
Massachusetts took exception to the counting of the
vote for a different reason from any covered by tne
concurrent resolution. It was because the vote was
not east open the day required by law, which -goes
behind the concurrent resolution, as itseemed to the
Chair, for which reason it was thought best to retire
and deliberate upon that. It was. a different ques-
tion) Wot involved in the concurrent resolution, per-
haps lying baok of that, based on the ground that the
vote .was informal and not to be counted at alt/*
I am glad that the President of the Senate
was entirely of my opinion.
Mr. GARFIELD. ■ What occurred between
the President and-members, of the Senate in
their own Chamber is no part of this record.
We have to do, with the record properly au-
thenticated and sent to us by the Senate, and
that record declares that objections to count-
ing the vote of Georgia are not in order. And
even if my colleague's account of the trans-
action be, admitted, it only shows that the Sen-
ate confirmed the ruling of the Vice President,
and not th&t they overruled the House.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I havq eome to the
last point I desire to make in this discussion.
We have heard it said that there, was great
excitement here, great turbulence, an unseemly
performance, a shatoeful scene, I admit it, and
deplore the fact more than any words of mine
can express. But I appeal to the memory and
conscience of every man in this House to say
who inaugurated the unseemly performance,
who began the excitement? What transpired
here yesterday in the nature of turbulence?
Was it not the theatrical attitude, the ferocity
of manner, and the disorderly utterances of
those in this House who thought they might,
by clamor, uproar, and,.disorder prevent the
execution of the law by the President of the
Senate? Did not the shameful scene originate
with members who, disregarding the orders of
the Presiding Officer, made use of expressions
like these:
"■Mr. BOTkEK, of Massachusetts. I move that this
convention now be dissolved, and that tho Seriate
have leave to retire. [Continued cries of 'Order!'
"Orderl'] And on that motion I demand a vote.
[Cries of 'Orderl' 'Orderl' from various parts of the
Ilatl.] Wo certainly have tho right to clear the IId,ll
of interlopers."
It was language like this ; it was a manner
and bearing of unparalleled insolence ; it was
the fell spirit of disorder—that spirit that pre-
fers to "reign in hell rather than serve in
heaven," that would bring chaos into this sa-
cred Hall, where order and calm deliberation
should forever dwell. That, Mr. Speaker, was
the spirit which disturbed the harmony and
dignity of the proceedings of yesterday's assem-
bly, and I believe that not only the members
of this House, but the whole country will recog-
nize the debt of obligation they owe to the
Speaker of this House, who threatened to use
the constabulary force at his command to pre-
serve order in this Hall.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a poiftt of order.
Much that the gentleman has said trenches so
nearly upon the line of unparliamentary lan-
guage, if not transcends it, that I feel I ought
to interpose as against my personal friend to
save him from the result of the enforcement
of the rule.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. Will the gen-
tleman point out the language?
Mr. MAYNARD. I rose rather for the pur-
pose of interposing my objection to the style of
remark .the gentleman is indulging in. I with-
draw the point of order.
JVIr. GARFIELD. As an exhortation to pru-
dence of speech in this presence the remarks
of my friend will be always welcome. But after
six years' service on this floor, during which
time a point of order for the use of unparlia-
mentary language was not only never sustained
but ae^er made against me, I trust I shall not
disturb any friend with the fear that I may forget
the decorum which becomes this place.
Mr. MAYNARD. It ;is to save my friend
from interruption that I made the suggestion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I did not feel myself in
danger before, and certainly after the kind sug-
gestion of my friend I am doubly armed. In-
deed, more; for
" Thrice is he armfed Who hath his quarrel just."
I was only saying that if there was disorder
in this House, if there was an unseemly exhi-
bition here, I think the House'cannot be slow
to discover its source. Mr. Speaker, I did
mot rise to make a personal defense of the
President of the Senate, but only to say, as
I now' say in conclusion, that had he acted
otherwise than he did, had he been,prevented
from the performance of his high duty by any
course of intimidation, Coercion, or unseemly
clamor, and had" vfe in consequence found our- '
selves in chfios- after the 4th of. March next,
with no President-el'ect, I do not think, sir,
that the people of this country Would find it
difficult to point out the origin of that meas-
ureless disaster .w
And no*, "MlvSpeaker, speaking in behalf
of all Who oppose this violent and unjustifiable
measure, I move- that the pending resolution
be laid on the table. ,
Mr. SPALDING. That is right.
Mr. BtTTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
the meanest act I ever knew any mortal man
to do.
Mr. INGEBSOLL. We will vote it down.
Mr. GARFIELD. The motion I have made
\as but indicated my own wishes in the matter.
As many of my friends desire further discus-
sion, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. Logan obtained the fldor.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to say that Ohio
took the floor one at a time, and I hope Illi-
nois will do the same. That is all I wish to
say. ' '
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order. I call the attention of the Speaker to
that rule under which the floor is assigned to
members in the order in which their names are
entered upon the Speaker's list. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. There is no such rule.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let us inquire with
regard to that. I am making a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of Order. The Chair has
awarded the 'floor to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I have the floor, and I will not
yield for any interruption. I yield-a portion
of my time to the gentleman' from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butoer.]
The SPEAKER ■pro t&tnpore. How much
time ?
Mr. LOGAN. Iyieldto him for the present
for fifteen minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is generally under-
derstood that members are assigned the floor
for the purpose of addressing the House
according to a list that is made out and kept
by the Speaker. Now, I desire to inquire, if
that is the rule or order of our proceedings,
how my colleague [Mr. Logan] obtained the
floor to the exclusion of myself and my col-
league [Mr. Brom'well] who are on the list?
I would like to know. That is all.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Chair will allow me
a moment  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not entertain that as a point of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I wanted to save the Chair
from having to answer such questions. I got
the floor for tho reason that I caught tho
Speaker's eye first, as the rules of the House
require.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then let us not have
any list at all. [Cries of "Agreed."] It is
Mr. BROMWELL. I would like to know,
as a matter of information interesting to myself,
whether the Chair goes by the list or not?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield'to the gentle-
man. I yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mf. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust,
Mr. Speaker, this very grave matter of consti-
tutional law and the privileges of this House,
which, though it can have no present effect
