1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
Mr. DAWES. I didnot hear the resolution
distinctly ; but as I heard it at my desk it pro-
poses to bring some new matter before the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM A. GRIFFIN.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table Seriate
bill No. 643, for the relief of William A. Griffin,
for action at this time.
T.he bill appropriates $2,325 to William A.
Griffin, to reimburse him for moneys expended
and materials and tools furnished in fitting
up the National Cemetery at Andersonville,
Georgia, and protecting the remains of Union
soldiers in said cemetery.
Mr. SCO FIELD. Has that bill been re-
ported from a committee?
The SPEAKER, it is a Senate bill which
has not been referred.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It has
been fully examined. '• The appropriation is
only $2,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the bill should
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The bill was taket) up, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
NAVY ESTIMATES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in answer to a resolution of the House, stating
that no reduction can be made from the esti-
mates heretofore submitted; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
MARINE CORPS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting a letter from Major W. B.
Slack, of the Marine corps, relative to a defi-
ciency in the appropriation for provisions for
Marine corps ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
private bill day.
The SPEAKER stated that this being Fii-
day, and the morning hour having commenced,
the first business in order was the call of com-
mittees for reports of a private nature, begin-
ning with the Committee on Commerce.
JOSEPH A. INGHAM.
Mr. JULIAN. T ask unanimous consent to
report back, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, House bill No. 1192, for the relief of
Joseph A. Ingham, with a substitute general
in its provisions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us hear
the bill read first.
The original bill was read a first and second
time. Itauthorizes Joseph J.Ingham, sou of a
deceased Illinois volunteer, being under, the age
of twenty-one, to enter eighty acres of public
land under the provisions of the homestead act.
The substitute for the bill is entitled "An
act to extend the provisions of the homestead
act to the orphan children of deceased soldiers
who are under the age of twenty-one years."
It extends the provisions of the act of Congress
of May 20,1862, and of the acts supplementary
thereto to all minor children, not less than six-
teen years of age, of soldiers of the United
States who died in actual service, upon satis-
factory proof as to their ability to fully comply
with the requirements of the homestead law
as to actual settlement and cultivation.
Section two provides that in such cases the
payment of the leu-dollar and five-dollar fee
now required shall not be exacted of the per-
son making such entry, and effect shall be
given to the foregoing provision according to
such regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. JULIAN. I have a letter from the
Commissioner of the General Laud Office,
which I send to the Clerk to be read.
The letter was read, as follows!
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office, June 24,18GB.
Sir : I have the honor to state that I have exam-
ined the bill filed by you for our opinion granting
homesteads to children of deceased soldiers over the
age of fifteen years. „ A
We commend the purpose of the bill^but propose
the substitute herewith inclosed. In'tbistheagehas
been limited to shtteen years, because the five years'
residence and cultivation required will thus bring
the party to the legal age of twenty-one years before
proving up; an age essential to fcho requirements of
citizenship, &e., imposed by the original act, and to
the legitimate responsibilities demanded by general
statutes.
I am, sir, very respoetOTy.^ g>
Commissioner.
Hon. G. W. Julian, House of Representatives.
The substitute was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also meyed
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEWIS D. SMITII.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 389) for the relief of Lewis D. Smith;
which was read a first and second time.
It authorizes and requires the Postmaster
General, in settling the accounts of the claim-
ant, postmaster at Iona, Michigan, to allow
him a credit of the amount of moneys and
stamps belonging to the United States intrusted
to his care and stolen from his possession, not
exceeding the sum of $1,861 28.
Mr. FERRY. 1 ask that the report of the
committee be read.
The report was read. It states that by affi
davits submitted and verified by several of the
mos tprominent and reliable citizens of Iona
it appears that the claimant has held the office
of postmaster at that place since April, 1865.
During that time the post office has been kept
in the rear of the ground story of a brick build-
ing, sixty feet of which was occupied by L. D.
and M. C. Smith as a drug store, and com-
municating with the post office by a door. The
moneys and valuables of the Government were
uniformly deposited in one of Lilly's best bur-
glar and fire proof safes, with a combination
lock, in which also all the valuables of the firm
were kept. On the night of October 15,^ 1867,
not only was this safe, but other safes ol busi-
ness friends in the same place broken open.
This safe contained $600 in cash belonging to
the Government, and $1,476 in postage staraps;
together with $825 in cash, belonging to L. D.
and M. C. Smith. Every exertion was made to
arrest the burglar and recover the money, but
without success. The Postmaster General, in
reply to the application for relief, replies that
the regulations of the Department will not
allow it, but deeming the case^an exceptional
one commends it to Congress for special con-
sideration. "Nv, /
The bill was ordered to be engrossed atrtt Ywa
•  i .• ....31—: — " - if. wn.s ' do
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe we have no
precedent of this kind; and as the Committee
of Claims have had all these things under
consideration, it seems to mc that committee
ought to examine and report upon it. Simply
because a man alleges that he was robbed and
happens to be a postmaster and had possession
of Government funds does not, entitle his case
to be taken from the ordinary channel and
referred to the Committee on the Post Omce and
Post Roads. There are a great many claims
somewhat similar to this that are now belore
the Committee of Claims, and I hope the gen-
tleman of the Post Office Committee who has
this case in charge will allow it to take the
same course, so that all our constituents may
be treated alike. If I understood the report
as it was read rapidly by the Clerk, there is no
positive evidence as to the amount which is
man had in the safe that night except his own
statement.
Mr. FERRY. Inanswertothegentleman from
Pennsylvania, I will state that, so far as prece-
dent is concerned, when the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads last had the floor
the past session they reported a similar case
for a different amount. It was so far similar
as to be one of money stolen from the safe of a
postmaster, and the Housepassed ajointTesolu-
tion granting him relief. The case was reported
by my colleague on the committee from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Lawiiexce.] Thfese cases are
all properly within the province of the Post
Office Committee and of the Post Office De-
partmen t. The committee have given this case
a careful examination, and find the facts veri-
fied by several prominent individuals. 1 hold
in my hand a statement verified by them, and
the committee and the Postmaster General
deem this case an exceptional one and that it
merits t.he relief proposed. I ask, therefore,
that the joint resolution be passed.
Mr. COBB. Willthegentlemanyieldto me
for a moment?
Mr. FERRY. For what purpose ?
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, I desire to say some-
thing in the same strain as that said by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. ScoFiELD.]
Mr. FERRY. I yield to the geu'leman.
Mr. COBB. In the absence of the chairman
of the Committee of Claims, I desire to say
that there are a great number of cases_ similar
to this now pending before the Committee of
Claims. The committee have given this class
of cases great attention, and have, as they
think, adopted a very safe_ rule for their gov-
ernment in disposing of them ; and if it is to
be the understanding that cases of losses con-
nected with the Post Office are to go to the
Post Office Committee, and losses connected
with the Navy to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and so on, the Committee of Claims
desire to know it, so that they may ask that
these cases—not only those that may hereafter
come before the House, but those already
before the Committee of Claims—may be^ re-
ferred to the other committees for consideration.
I think that the Committee of Claims is the
proper committee to consider such claims, and
that they are more likely to receive considera-
tion upon settled principles from that commit-
tee than at the hands of the other committees.
I would, therefore, ask permission of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Ieriiy] to move
that this joint resolution be referred to the
Committee of Claims, if he will yield to me for
that purpose.
Mr. FERRY. Icannotyieldforthat purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb.]
who is a member of the Committee of Claims,
in regard to a case of this character which I
think was sent to his committee, the case of
Mr. Bragton, postmaster at Mount Morris, Illi-
nois, which rests on precisely the same princi-
ples as the case which the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Ferrv] has reported. His safe
feas broken open and some four or five hundred
dollars' worth of stamps stolen.
Now, 1 think there ought to be some general
rule in regard to the matter. We ought to
determine whether the Government is to become
an insurer. If it does it in one case it ought to
do it in all. There should be no discrimination.
I think the passage of separate cases is unjust
to a great many other men standingin precisely
the same position.
Mr. FERRY. I answer the gentleman from
Illinois by stating that the committee examine
these cases very carefully and have adopted a
rule excluding all except such as are recom-
mended by the Postmaster General aud based
upon ample and undoubted verification. In
accordance with this rule this case has been
submitted, and among the papers will be found
a recommendation from the Postmaster Gen-
eral for this relief. I was unable to "ear all
that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Air. Cobbj
said, but I will state to him that this ease
