1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the present custom-house and court-house max be
sold within such rules as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury and the proceeds thereof
paid into .the Treasury.
Mr. ABBOTT.. If you will permit me, sir,
I will state that the present post office and
custom-house building at Wilmington is located
near the water, in a very unhealthy place. The
building itself is inconvenient. It can be sold
for mercantile purposes, I suppose, for about
$30,000. We ask an appropriation of $50,000
in order to build a new court-house, custom-
house, and post office building in a different
locality, and I offer that as an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
from what committee these amendments come.
Mr. ABBOTT. My amendment comes from
no committee ; neither does the amendment of
the Senator from Nebraska. On consultation
with the Senator from Maine, the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, I had agreed
to waive my amendment; but since that time
the Senator from Nebraska has offered one of
precisely the same character, and therefore I
offer mine now as an amendment to his.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have said to
the Senator from North Carolina that this
amendment at the present time in my judgment
would be irregular; but the amendment of the
Senator from Nebraska has had the sanction
of the Senate on another bill which he now
tells us has failed by a disagreement of a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ceagin] is on that commit-
tee of conference, and as he has just come in
he can state the facts.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suppose I am at liberty
to state that that item has been stricken from
the deficiency bill mainly because it is not
properly applicable to a deficiency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So we have had
the judgment of the Senate as to the propriety
of the measure, and now the Senator from
North Carolina proposes to attach this to it as
an amendment. The Senator has informally
presented his case to me, and I am satisfied
that if his case had been sent to the commit-
tee properly his amendment would have been
adopted. So that I believe both these meas-
ures are proper enough in themselves, but they
are irregularly before us. I do not wish to
raise the question of order if it is the general
sense of the Senate that these items had better
go on; I have no desire to raise the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the rule is not raised
on this, is it to be raised on others? I want
to know where we are to stop. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations certainly
is not going to raise the rule on one amend-
ment and not on another.
Mr. THAYER. I submit to the Senator
from Illinois whether his objection is a good
one. I have complied with the rule in every
respect; the Senator from Minnesota can bear
testimony to that. This amendment has been
before the Committee on Appropriations.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. THAYER. "Very well; I will not take
up time.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish simply to say that in
my judgment this amendment which I offer is
for the interest of the Government in the place
in which this building is located as much so as
any amendment could possibly be ; and I have
offered this amendment on consultation with
the best men in that part of the State. I ask
that it be added to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Nebraska.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the -amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY* I move an amendment, to
come in after line six hundred and forty:
For survey of reservation for the Sisseton and
Wahpeton bands of Da.kota.or Sioux Indians, as per
third, fourth, and fifth articles of treaty with said
Indians, February 19,1867, J
as may be necessary.
5,000, or so much thereof
Mr. CONNESS. "Where is this from? '
Mr. RAMSEY. This comes from the Com-
mittee'on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the ques-
tion of order on the amendment. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have had no notice
of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is out of
order unless reported by a committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. This item was placed upon
the Indian appropriation bill, and that bill has
gone to a committee of conference, and I un-
derstand there is no probability of the com-
mittee of conference acting on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be debated. Does the Senator appeal from the
decision of the Chair?
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a question of
order. It is that the Senator from Minnesota
is not in his seat and his proper place, and
cannot.address the Chair out of it. [Laughter. ]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
overruled by the custom of the Senate from
time immemorial. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator
from Maine to withdraw his point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to pro-
pose an amendment based on a communication
from the Secretary of State:
For expenses of the commission to run and mark
the boundary line between the United States and j
the British possessions bordering on Washington j
Territory, $13,600. |
I have a communication from the State De-
partment, in which the Secretary says:
"I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter of
the 8th instant from Archibald Campbell, esq., and
for the reasons set forth in that paper recommend
that an appropriation of the amount specified by him
be made by Congress to enable the joint commission
of the northwest boundary to accomplish the object
for which it was organized."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have another
amendment which I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate, after making the statement, to
present.
ThePRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The amendment was read, as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to provide
for the proper maintenance and tuition of the bene-
ficiaries of the United States in the Columbia Insti-
tution for the Deaf and Dumb, for the year ending
June SO, 1869, $17,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state the
facts. This is what purports to be a deficiency
strictly for the support of beneficiaries whom
by the law we are bound to support at that in-
stitution ; and it is not provided for in any of
the bills that I have noticed. 1 hope I shall
have the unanimous consent of the Senate to
offer it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have another
amendment which I desire to offer:
For the maintenance and tuition of the same, for
the year ending June 30,1870, ยง30,000.
I desire to say only a word in regard to this
institution. For the deaf, dumb, and blind
the Government has uniformly appropriated
this sum of money for the support of this insti-
tution since I have been in the Senate ; and
this is the first time there has been a failure
to do so. This appropriation should more
properly have been on the legislative and ex-
ecutive appropriation bill, but it is not there.
It was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations informally, but was not passed upon
by that committee. I submit it, therefore, to
the judgment of the Senate whether they will
make the usual appropriation for the next year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line three hundred and
twenty-seven :
For a light-house on Love point, on the northern
extremity of the shoal, Kent Island, mouth of.Ches-
ter river, Maryland, $15,000.
Mr. CONKLING. What committee does
that come from ?
Mr. VICKERS. This appropriation is rec-
ommended by the Department, and is also to
carry out a law passed in 1854 appropriating
similar sums for the same purpose, so that it
is in virtue of the recommendation of the De-
partment and also to carry out an existing Jaw.
I will only say that it is a very important point.
It is at the mouth of a river navigable for fifty
miles and five miles wide at its mouth, and is
necessary for the protection of the commerce
of the bay as well as important for foreign
commerce going to the city of Baltimore. I
do not think it comes within the rule, and I
suppose the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will hardly object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is very un-
pleasant for me to cite to my honorable friend
the thirtieth rule, but I think I shall be obliged
to do so.
Mr. "VICKERS. No question of order has
been raised that I am aware of. As it was not
raised on many other cases of less importance
than this I hope it will not be raised here.
Mr. WHYTE. .It is not raised. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is not in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has it been
submitted to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL", of Maine. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then, if
exception is taken, it is out of order.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer another amendment,
which is in order:
And be it further enacted, Thatthe_aet entitled "An
act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING, (at twenty-five minutes
past twelve o'clock.) I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
national bank reports.
Mr. CATTELL Submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1881)
regulating the reports of the national banking asso-
ciations having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate to the bill, and agree
to the same with the following amendments, namely:
In line fourteen, page 1, after the word " associa-
tion" insert the words " above required."
Add the following as an additional section: _
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in addition
to said reports each national banking association
shall report to the Comptroller of the Currency the
amount of each dividend declared by said association
and the amount of net earnings in excess of said div-
idends, w'bi&h report shall be made within ten days
after the declaration of each dividend, and attested
by the oath of the president or cashier of said asso-
ciation ; and a failure to comply with the provisions
of this section shall, subject such association to the
penalties provided in the foregoing section.
And the Senate agree to tt^nme^
GEORGE II. WILLIAMS,
JOHN CONNESS,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
E. C. INGERSOLL,
JOHN LYNCH,
Managers on the part of the House*
The report was concurred in.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of thetwo Houses on the amendments to theDiu
(H. B. No. 1672) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Y&Xf
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
having met, after full and free conference have agreed
