154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
properl}' belongs to the Post Office Department
and to the Post Office Committee. When a
postmaster has used due precaution, as in this
instance, where the money was deposited in a
sate which was considered perfectly secure
and that safe blown open, and not only this
money but other money stolen, we have deemed
it a proper case for relief. Such cases the
committee have deemed to be properly within
their province and not necessary to be referred
to the Committee of Claims. I now demand
the previous question.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. If the House shall not
sustain the demand for the previous question,
will it then be in order to move that this joint
resolution be referred to the Committee of
Claims?
The SPEAKER. That motion would then
be in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. FERRY. ] will withdraw the demand for
the previous question in order to remind mem-
bers that the House has already established a
precedent by the passage of a measure to which
1 have alluded, reported by my colleague on
the committee, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Lawrence.] As the committee
have adopted a rule concerning these cases,
one which lixes properly the character of the
cases recommendod by them for the favorable
action of Congress, so that care is taken not to
impose upon the House, I think we should
now act upon this joint resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I recollect the case to
which the gentleman now refers as a precedent.
I objected to it at the time because I thought
it would be claimed as a precedent. But the
gentleman in charge of the case said that it
was an exceptional one, and so it was passed.
It was brouglitbeforethe House at a time when
there was a siira attendance of members, as is
the case to-day. Now X do not know why a
better case of this kind from Michigan or from
Pennsylvania should be treated as an excep-
tional case. Let all those cases receive the
same treatment and be referred to the same
committee that considers the other cases in
which the rest of us are interested. Then, if
it is right that claims of this character should
be allowed, each section of the country will
receive its proportion of compensation.
Mr. FERRY, 1 will now yield to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me. that
nothing can be gained by sending this case to
the Committee of Claims, unless it be the de-
sire of the House to establish the rule that
every claim of eveiy nature against the Gov-
ernment shall go to that committee. If that
rule shall be established, in my opinion the
Committee of Claims will have its hands full.
'J hat has not been the practice heretofore.
Claims growing out of the war have, in a great
many eases, been referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. Claims growing out of
our intercourse with other nations are sent to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Claims in.
reference to our postal service, embracing
cases of loss of money by postmasters in con-
sequence of robbery or burglary, are sent, to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, to be passed upon by that committee.
Claims in connection with the revenue, grow-
ing out ot mistakes in the administration of
the revenue laws, are sent to the Committee
of Ways and Means. And so in cases of
claims of different kinds.
Now, it all these claims of every descrip-
tion, growing out of the administration of the
law, and in connection with all the Depart-
ments of the Government, are to be sent to
the Committee of Claims, in my opinion that
committee will have more business than it can
properly attend to. Besides, when the facts
of a case are reported from a committee, as
in this case has been done by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,] is not the House
as well prepared to determine upon and settle
the principle to govern it as they will be if the
case should be reported upon by some other
committee? Does it make any difference in
that respect what committee happens to report
upon a case, unless it be that the House has
more confidence iu one committee than in
another ? If that be the principle upon which
we are to act we will change our practice in
each Congress as we happen in one Congress
to have more confidence in a particular com-
mittee than in another.
As stated by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Fekry,] the Committee on the Post Office
and Post lloads have established the principle
that they will allow none of these claims for
the loss of money or stamps by postmasters in
consequence of robbery or burglary without
other proof than the evidence of the postmas-
ters, or without an investigation by some agent
of the Post Office Department, and a favorable
recommendation by that Department. In some
cases it has been required that the Postmaster
Gejjeral shall send a special agent to thoroughly
investigate the ease at the place of the alleged
robbery before we will consider and pass
upon it.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to state, in addition
to what has been said by the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Fabnhworth,] that this case is
more thoroughly fortified than ordinary cases.
I hold in my hand a statement of the facts
made upon oath by an ex-attorney general of
the State, a State senator, the judge of the cir-
cuit, and other prominent citizens of the State.
Wo have required, in addition to the oath of
the postmaster, a verification by other persons
of standing cognizant of the facts.
The committee, before making a recom-
mendation in any case, have required that it
should be suppoi ted by a recommendation from
the Post Office Department. Other claims of
this character have been rejected by the com-
mittee for lack of such proof and support, and
under that rule adopted by the committee. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope that the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Fekry] will yield to
me, that I may say a word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Faiinswortii,] the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
-ayes 45, noes 22 ; no quorum
tion, there were
voting.
order of business, etc.
The SPEAKER. Before ordering tollers,
the Chair will announce that, under the au-
thority given him by the House, he has asked
thegentlemanfromlllinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
the senior member of the House, to preside as
Speaker pro tempore on next Monday. The
Chair doubts whether a quorum is now in at-
tendance, and asks consent that if the count by
tellers should disclose tlieabsence of aquorum,
the remarks in regard to the late member from
Pennsylvania, Mr. Finney, may proceed, no
farther business being transacted to-day, the
^pending bill going over as unfinished business
till next private-bill day.
There was no objection.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unani mous eon-
sent to report back at this time from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction Senate amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 1556) to relieve certain
persons of all political disabilities imposed bv
the fourteenth article of the Constitution of the
United States. The House will recollect the
statement made on a former day as to the ne-
cessity for removing the political disabilities of
certain men in South Carolina and North Car-
olina who have been chosen to office and whose
duties will commence on the 1st of January
next. The committee have received the strong-
est evidence that all the persons named in
the bill and amendments ought to be relieved.
I hope the House will consent to allow the
amendments to be reported and acted on imme-
diately.
There being no objection,
Mr. BOUTWELL reported back, without
amendment, from the Committee on Recon-
struetion, Senate amendments to the hill (H.
R. No. 1556) to relieve certain persons of all
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of the Constitution of the United States.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Insert after the words "Charleston county," in the
twelfth line, the following names:
A. L. McCaslan and William Hill, of Abbeville
county; John F. Porteous, ot Beaufort county ; C.
W. McE addon, of Chester county; R. H. Edmunds,
of Fairfield county; Alexander McBee, H.M.Smith,
suid William E. Earle, of Greenville county; W. II.
iangston, of Laurens county; John C. Secresh, of
JSancaster county; Julius L. Shanklin, of Oconee
county; Thompson It. Cooke, George Boliver, and
William N. Mount, ot Orangeburg county; Spartan
D. ftoodlett, R. E. Holcombe, John W. Sinsleton,
L. N. Itobins, and James E. Hasood. of Pickens
county ;* John Heart and William H. Talley, of'Kieh-
land county; P, Quin Camp and A. E. Smith, of
Spartanburg county; E. L. Heriot. of Sumter county:
and Charles W. Gedaes, of Charleston county, South
Carolina; Edward Cantwell.of Hanover county, and
W. J. Clarke, of Craven county, North Carolina.
Amend the title so as to read as follows:
A bill to relieve certain persons of all political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth articlo of
amendments of the Constitution of tho United
States.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. BO UT WELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Reconstruction be
authorized to send for persons and papers in
conducting the examination relative to recon-
struction m Georgia, Mississippi, Texas, and
Virginia.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the committee will have that authority.
There was no objection.
lewis d. smith.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the demand for the previous question upon the
bill (II. R. No. 389) for the relief of Lewis D.
Smith. On this question no quorum voted.
The Chair appoints as tellers the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 88; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. No quoru m having voted,
the bill, in accordance with the understanding
agreed to by unanimous conscnt, goes over as
unfinished business till next private-bill day.
death of hon. darwin a. finney.
Mr. PETTIS. Mr. Speaker, since the ad-
journment of this body last July an event
other and beside the one solemnized yester-
day has occurred, which I suppose it becomes
this House to notice. But for its occurrence
I should not now occupy a seat upon this floor,
and but,for the proprieties of life in this con-
nection, the silence now broken by my stranger
voice 1 should now, at least, have studied to
keep. I, of course, refer to the death of Hon.
Darwin A. Finney, late a Representative from
the twentieth congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. Fintney was born at Shrewsbury, in the
State of Vermont, in the year 1814, and I be-
lieve was fifty-four years of age at the time of
hisdeath. He removed from the State of Ver-
mont to that of Pennsylvania about the year
1838, locating at Meadville, which was ever
afterward his home. He graduated with high
honors at Alleghany College, in the city of his
adoptionj afterward reading law, and, I be-
lieve, being admitted to its practice about the
year 1842.
Mr. Finney was elected to the Senate of the
State of his adoption in 1854, was reelected
in 1857, and served his constituents acceptably
until 1860. In 1866 he was elected a member
of this Congress, but 1 believe was in his seat
but a few days during the short session of 1867.
The condition of his health while he was in
this House was not such as to enable the
