1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
sustained by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Gabfieij),] who says he thought it of so much
importance that be sent out last year to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and it is sent there
now because they have not had time to consider
it, and perhaps no one has brought* it to their
attention. But now that this matter is before
the House and before the country, independent
of all feeling, laying aside all the hard words
that have been used about it, and doing every-
thing, as I always try to do as far as I can, for
the good of the country, I conjure the House
of Representatives to send this question to a
committee that can report at any time, as the
Judiciary may not, in order that vvc may have
legislation to define our rights and the rights
of the Senate, so that this thing which hap-
pened yesterday may never happen again.
Whether I am responsible forthe sceneliere
yesterday or not, if its results are that we have
legislation to sustain and fortify this part, which
every man upon this floor knows to be, as
Judge Story and Judge Kent both say, is the
weak spot in our Constitution ; if the result of
the scene of yesterday shall be that now when
there is no presidential election pending, and
when there can be no possible motive for us to
do wrong, but every motive to do right and to
do the best for the country; if by that scene
or by anything that has occurred we have so
attracted the attention of the country, so at-
tracted the attention of the House, and so at-
tracted the attention of the Senate to this great
defect in our Constitution, which the Speaker
has characterized as casus omissus, can be
remedied; if this committee, of which I hope
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sheliabarger]
will be one, can devise legislation which shall
save the country from revolution in its hour of
future peril, then I shall have deserved well in
what I have done and all I have done in this
behalf in my own conscience and in my own
heart, whatever either of praise or blame may
be accorded me by others, for I shall have
aided to throw around the Constitution safe-
guards and buttresses to render it stronger for-
ever, and there will have arisen a great good
out of the " spirit of hell," in whatever heart
it may have been found.
Mr. LOGAN. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Denton.]
The SPEAKERjpro tempore. The Chair will
state that in three minutes from now the House
will take a recess.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I yield the gentleman
that time.
Mr. BENTON. I have no time in three
minutes to make any argument, in this case, but
it seems to me, although there is a disagree-
ment between skilled and able gentlemen here,
that there ought to be but little disagreement in
this House as to the propositions advanced by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. How was
it, Mr. Speaker, yesterday, when the House
was called upon to vote? When the question
was submitted to the House a vote of 150 was
recorded that that concurrent resolution was
not binding upon the House.
It, was true that after the return of the Sen-
ate the Presiding Officer notified the joint con-
vention that the Senate had overruled the ob-
jection taken by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and upon that proceeded to direct the
votes to be counted and declared. Now here
was not a question of order, but a question of
substance as to the extent and effect of that
concurrent resolution, and upon (hat question
the Senate were upon one side and the House
upon the other. Was it for the Senate to de-
clare that they were right and that the House
was wrong? That was the effect of what they
did. And was not the declaration of the Pre-
siding Officer, declaring that that objection was
not well taken and was overruled by the Sen-
ate, a proceeding calculated to alarm and star-
tle and excite the members of this House ; and
if there was excitement here on that occasion,
was there any great cause of complaint or cen-
sure from any quarter? Was it not an exer-
cise of authority on the part of the Senate
over the House? I know there are many
members of the House who, when they find
their opinions are disagreed to by the Senate,
become very weak and docile and ready to be
instructed and directed by the Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Hill
until Monday next.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the House, pursuant to order, took a
recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order,
at half past seven o'clock p. m.
yep, o \ bokn'a.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with the request of the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands of the House, papers relative to the
claim of Thomas Dowling, of California, to
Yerba Buena, or Goat Island, in the Bay of
San Francisco ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on. the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
george 0. hague and henry a. white.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with the request
of the Committee on Military Affairs of the
House, the report of the Adjutant General of
the Army on the eases of George C. Hague
and Henry A. White; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
expenses of spmnofield a11m0ry.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with the aet of
April 2, 1794, an account of the expenses of
the national armory at Springfield, and the
arms manufactured there during the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1868 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropiiations, aud ordered
to be printed.
caddo and witchita indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs relative to certain
funds appropriated for the support of the
Caddo, Witchita, and other affiliated tribes of
Indians ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee oil Appropriations.
contracts by engineer department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a list of contracts made bv the
engineer department during the year 18G3 ;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
treaty with delatyautt indian?.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs relative to a treaty
with the Delaware Indians: which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
election of pp.ksident, etc.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent the House to have printed some
amendments which I have prepared and pro-
pose to offer to the amendment of the Senate
to the joint resolution proposing a constitu-
tional amendment, recently passed by the
House. That subject will soon come before
the House, and I desire to have these amend-
ments printed. The first amendment I have
prepared is the one I prefer. If I cannot suc-
ceed in that, I then propose to offer the second
amendment in lieu of the sixteenth article of
amendment proposed by the Senate as prefer-
able to the one they propose.
No objection was made; and the order to
print was accordingly made.
The first amendment proposed by Mr. Ash-
ley, of Ohio, is as follows;
Amend section three of article one, by striking out
clauses four and five, which read:
The Vice President of the United States shall be
President of the Senate, but shall have no vote, un-
less they be equally divided.
The Senate shall chooso their other of&eers and
also a President pro tempore, in the absence of the
Vice President, or when he shall exercise the o&tiQ
of President of the United States,
And insert the following:
The Senate shall choose their own presiding and
other officers.
In article two, section four, strike out the words
"Vice President."
Amend section one, article two, by striking out the
words "together with the Vice President chosen for
the same term;" so that it will read:
The executive powersha.ll be vested in a President
of the United States of America; he shall hold his
office during th« term, of four years, and be elected
as follows.
In heu of cla.U3es two, three, four, and six of article
two and ot article twelve of the amendments insert
the following:
Thequahfiod elecfcorsshall meet at the usual places
of holding elections in their respective State* onthe
first Monday in April, in they ear of our Lord 1872, and
on the first Monday in April ^very lour years there-
after, undersuch rules and regulations as the Congress
may by law prescribe, and vote by ballot for a citi-
zen qualified under thisConstitution to beJ?rcsidont
of the United States, and the result of such election
m ojieh State shall bo certified, sealed, and forwarded
to the seat of Government ot the United States in
such manner as rhc OongiesS may by law ditect.
The Congress shall b<> in session on the third Mon-
day in May alter such election, and on the Tuesday
next succeeding the third Monday in May, it a quo-
rum of each House shall bo present, and if not, im-
mediately on the assemblage ot' such quorum, the
Senatoisand members of the House ot Represent-
atives shall meet iu the .Representative Chamber in
joint convention, and the President of the Senate,
m tho presence of the Senators and Representatives
thus assembled, shall opGn all the returns of said
election and dechae tho result. Tho person hav-
ing the greatest number of votes for President shall
be the President, if such number be a majority of
the whole nuber of votes east; if no person havo
such majoiity, or if the person having such ma-
jority decline the office or die before the counting
of the vote, then the President of the Senato shall
bo proclaim; whereupon the joint convention shall
order the proceedings to be oliicially published, stat-
ing particularly tho number of votes given for each
person lor President.
Another election shall thereupon take place on tho
second Tuesday ot October ncxtbuccecding, at which
election the duly qualified electors shall again meet
at the usual places of holding elections in their re-
spective States and vote for one of the persons then
living having the highest number of votes, not ex-
ceeding four on the list voted lor asPiesident at the
piecedmg election in Apiii, and tho result of such
election in each Stateshaii be certified, sealed, and
forwarded to the seat of the Government of the
United States as provided bv law.
On the third Tuesday in December after such sec-
ond ejection, or as soon thereafter as a quorum of
each House shall be present, theSenators and mem-
bers of the House of Repiesentatives fha.ll ngain
meet m joint convention, and the President ot the
Senate, in presence of the Senators and Represent-
atives thus assembled, shall open all the returns of
said election and declare the person having tho
highest number of votes duly elected President tor
the ensuing term.
I\!o person thus elected to the office of President
shall thereafter bo eligible to be reelected.
In ease of the removal of the President from office
by impeachment, or of his death, resignation, or in-
ability to dischaige tho powers and dutiesof the said
office, the same shall devolve temporarily on the
memberof the executivedepartmeutsenior in years.
If there be no officer of an executive depaitment,
then the Senator senior in years shall aet until a
successor is chosen and qualified.
If Congress be in session at the time of the death,
disability, or removal ot the President, the Senators
and Representatives shall meet in joint convention
under such rules and regulations as the Congress may
bylaw prescribe, and proceed to elect by vio a voce
vole a President to fill sueh vacancy. Each Senator
and Representative having one vote, a quorum for
tins purpose shall consist of a majority m each House
of the Senators and Representatives duly olected and
qualified, and a majority of all the votes given shall
benecessary to thechoiceof a President. The person
thus elected as President shall discbaigeall the pow-
ers and duties of said office until the inauguration
of the President elected at the next regular elec-
tion.
If the Congress be not in session, then the acting
President shall forthwith issue a proclamation con-
vening Congress within sixty days after the death or
disability of the President.
On the assembling of a quorum in each House the
Senatois and Representatives shall meet m joint
convention and elect a President as hereinbefore
provided.
All questions arising during the sessions of the joint
convention shall, on the demand of one fitlh of the
Senators and Representatives present, be determined
by yeas and nays, and the names of tne persons vot-
ing for and against any proposition shall be entered
on a journal to be kept for that purpose, and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives shall be the
clerk oI the joint convention.
