1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
members to form, a correct estimate or obtain
a full measure of the man. There were, how-
ever. gentlemen on this floor on both sides of
this Chamber who had had professional and
legislative association with him in his palmier
days, and who, I may safely say, will take pleas-
ure ill testifying to his ripeness as a scholar,
his success as a legislator, his aptness in debate,
his power as a reasoner, his ability as alawyer,
and his nobility as a mail. The principles of
humanity, benevolence, and charity, I suppose
I might say, were the distinguishing traits of
his character. Many a destitute fireside circle
that lias been warmed and brightened up by
the liberality of his benefactions now dwells in
sadness and gratitude upon his memory, while
the desolation of his absence gathers like a
deep shadow of gloom.
His clear-eyed sense of justice, tempered with
that mercy which always lived in his own warm
hearL, endeared him to all with whom he became
acquainted.
He had as a lawyer few equals and no supe-
rior in western Pennsylvania. He was not
great in the sense by which the greatness of
'•the great commoner" was measured; but
yet, Mr. Speaker, he was a great man, and only
differed from Mr. Steven's as one star in the
heavens differs from another.
It cannot be said of Mr. Finney that he strayed
or lingered by the way for the purpose of select-
ing bright or beautiful flowers for the purpose of
adorni ng his expressions, and yet few men either
of the present or the past could submit their
views on humane and professional questions
with greater force or more peculiar and char-
acteristic eloquence. There was more weight
in his arguments and speeches than poetic dic-
tion in their surrounding, and his success came
chiefly from the prodigious power ofhis reason.
Even after disease had fastened upon his
vitals death for him had no terrors. Encour-
aged with the belief that a voyage to the Old
World would have a healing and restoring
effect upon his shattered constitution, and
assured if warmer climes and more bracing
breezes did not restore lost orimpaired health
he could return home to die upon the soil he
loved best, he consented to try the experi-
ment; and in pursuance of that resolution
sailed from New York, I believe, in the autumn
of 1867, accompanied only by his devoted and
accomplished wife. He continued, I am in-
formed, his travels in the Old World until, not
only paralyzeti but prostrated by the ravages
of disease, on the 25th day of last August, at
Brussels, Belgium, he died of disease of the
heart. He was deprived of the consolation
of dying at home amid the scenes and asso-
ciations that would have steadied his heart
and assured his faith ; and although his death
was not entirely unexpected in the State of
his adoption, yet the intelligence of the sad
event was received in that State and the city
in which he had lived from his young man-
hood, and where lie was more than loved, with
profound sorrow.
It may not be proper, Mr. Speaker, for me
to invade the sanctity of the private circle for
the purpose of referring to the more ennobling
traits of this man's character; but this much
I trust I may be permitted to say: that it was
there that he was loved the best, and for him
in life that circle had the strongest attachment
of earth.
Months have elapsed since he yielded up his
spirit to God who gave it, and yet the anguish
which his death caused to a devoted and amiable
wife and loving brothers, who still survive him,
has only given place to that silent sorrow which
still hovers over the virtuous dead.
I might have found, Mr. Speaker, all tlie con-
solation in silence that this earth can afford to
sorrow that nestles about the soul and chills
the heart when an associate in life's struggle
has passed from a state of suffering and pain
to one of glory which is everlasting. But I
have, under the circumstances, deemed proper
this audible testimonial on my part to departed
worth, and I have, I believe, nothing to add
outside tho resolutions which 1 aak leave to
introduce, and request that they may be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
liesolved, That the House has heard with deep
emotion the announcement of the death of Hon.
Dabwin A. Finney, a member of this House iiom
the State of Pe.rmsylvuma.
liesolved, That this House tender to the relatives
of the deceased the amount ot its sympathy on this
afflicting event, and a testimony of respect for the
memory of the deceased the members and officers of
this House will go into mourning by wearing crape
on tho teft arm tor the period of thirty days.
liesolved, That the Speaker appoint a committee
of nine to attend the remains of the deceased on
their arrival at New Y oik from that city to the placo
of interment.
liesolved. That the Clerk communicate a copy of
thcforegoingresolutions to the widow of the deceased.
liesolved, That as a further mark of respect to the
memory of tho deceased the Iiouse do now adjourn.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I second the
resolutions. Intimate associations in personal
and political life are necessary to impart inter-
est to whatever may be said of a deceased
friend; hence I have listened to the remarks
of my colleague, who has just taken his seat,
with great pleasure and with increased admi-
ratiou of Darwin A. Finney, who after a tri-
umphant election to this House was so soon
removed by lingering .illness and death. Yes-
terday we devoted ourselves to embalming in
the memory of our fellow-countrymen the
ripe statesman, the time-honored patriot; to-
day we speak of one of far less matured years,
who, coming from the State of Vermont, as
did Mr. Stevens, was welcomed to Pennsylva-
nia and was honored long ago by her citizens
and known everywhere within the limits of the
Commonwealth. Office sought him, and in the
important trusts confided to him his record is
clear, untarnished, distinguished. As a State
senator he was the leader of a body ef able
men, and when he retired from the responsible
duties of that position his colleagues regifjtted
that one so prominent among them was leav-
ing the seat he had so well filled.
During his two terms, covering six years, he
sustained a reputation of which any one might
be proud, and those who served with him have
borne unreluctant testimony to his freedom
from envy and jealousy, too apt to be engen-
dered in political life, tie despised small things.
He loathed the man who attempted to mount
to fame regardless of feeling or personal friend-
ship, and utterly detested the tricks of the
mere schemer seeking the applause of the
public. He eschewed selfishness ; and the idea
to him that promotion to high places was so
often its reward that the call of his fellow-
citizens alone brought him from the domestic
retirement he so greatly enjoyed. Never did
he voluntarily consent to enter the arena of
strife for office, but yielded when necessity
demanded it and when those who knew best
the requirements of the public service put him
before the people as the exponent of sound
principles at times when success was impos-
sible, with as little reluctance as when with cer-
tainty of an election he consented to bear the
cares from which representative life is never
free.
In fact, he looked upon representation as an
honor, and to him the free choice of the people
to any position, however limited in importance,
was a compliment to be regarded and a com-
mission to be accepted in their behalf, whatever
might be the range of duties to be performed.
With him the principle was representation,
deeming it the very vitality of our institutions,
and not waiting to consider whether his name
was to be known beyond the limits ofhis county
or State. Thus he never hesitated, but pro-
ceeded, and without faltering in that thorough
independence of action, the result of a well-
balanced mind and so marked a characteristic
of his temperament, to the fulfillment of the
humblest or highest duty, encroaching often
upon his valuable time and interrupting him
in his very extended practice of the law in all
the courts of his neighborhood. Yet his gen-
erous disposition and his utter disregard of self
made it impossible for him to interfere with
the proper ambition of others. This trait of
character, so clearly visible in Mr. Finney,
endeared him to his friends, gave him the re-
spect of the community in which lie lived, and
from the Alleghany to the Delaware his death
was deplored as of one lost, whose manliness,
unselfishness, and integrity in oilice could not
well be spared. If there were no other reason
why we should honor him, this total discard-
ing by him of selfishness as the means of suc-
cess should be enough for us to order an im-
perishable impression to be made upon our
Journal of the condolence of the House of
Representatives on the decease of a member so
high-toned and of such rare personal dignity.
Mr. Flh'ney had many warm friends among
my constituents, and in the other Philadelphia
districts. I had known him by reputation as a
sound lawyer stime years before I met him
at the capital of Pennsylvania. I soeak of
him to you just as I have known him, and
although my intimacy was not of long contin-
uance while he was a Senator of our State,
yet, after I had left official position at Hams-
burg, I was quite frequently in the habit of
seeing him and of enjoying his pleasant society.
His friendships were lasting. His warmth of
feeling and social attachments were greatly to
be admired. Plain in his expressions of good
will, with nothing offensively demonstrative in
his evidences of affection and regard, his de-
votion to a friend was never clouded, but was
clear, bright, and unconcealed; his manli-
ness was ever apparent, and deceit and cun-
ning never for a moment held a place in his
noble'heart. How it rejoices me, my fellow-
members, when I think that had he lived to
make your acquaintance, you would have cher-
ished him as his friends did. You would have
been charmed, as all who knew him well were,
and would have added a word on this solemn
occasion in praise of such a character, while
you would have lamented that his death had
severed an attachment you would have wished
never to have been broken. Those of us who
believe that republican principles are the only
true principles upon which our Government
can be carried on have been deprived of the
companionship of one who, at an early day
and to the hour ofhis death, had been devoted
to their advocacy. His republicanism was
outspoken and uncompromising. Just as you
knew from the manner of the man that he was
your social friend, so in your political associa-
tions with him you would have recognized how
his very heart and mind were exercised for the
success of the doctrines of the party to which
he belonged.
He was a thinker. He investigated a subject
thoroughly, and when convinced his thoughts
came from him with a coneenttation scarcely
ever excelled. He was not an orator in the
strict sense of the term. He was more, for
he possessed that power of thought and reason-
ing which gave to his words an overwhelming
force. With no want of language he riveted
the attention ofhis audience by his directness,
earnestness, and the feeling he always created
in his hearers of his desire to bring before them
the subject he was discussing compactly and
pruned of every ambiguous and unnecessary
word. The short time he occupied his seat
afforded him no opportunity here of debate.
1 regret it, not that I would intimate in the
slightest degree that he had any taste for mere
speech-making, but that I would have been
delighted to have heard his voice in this Hall,
for 1 am sure he would have commanded your
attention. His colleagues felt proud of him,
and they knew you would have done justice to
his ability. His loss to them is great, indeed,
and the State of Pennsylvania suffers in his
death, for her interests were always safe in his
hands. She gave him to the Republic, which
he would have loved to have been spared to
serve in the national councils. Yesterday and
to-day our beloved Commonwealth deeply de-
plores her afflictions. She has some consola-
tion, for the remains of her eider son are buried
under her own soil; but she still weeps because
her hills and valleys did not receive tho dying
! breath of the younger.'
