156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. RANDALL addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
xUr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day was devoted to funeral eulogies on tSie late
Mr. Stevens ; to-day we are called on to mourn
the untimely taking off of a younger and less
distinguished, but nevertheless a very estimable
Representative of Pennsylvania—one who
had already done the State some service, and
had given promise of larger usefulness in the
future. In my judgment, Mr. Speaker, it is
well for us to pause in the midst of the excite-
ments and bustle of our daily lives to contem-
plate these frequent instances of mortality, and
to realize "what shadows we are and what
shadows we pursue." Very soon these places
that know us now will know us no more. The
lesson to be learned from the dispensation that
has stricken down two of our Pennsylvania
Representatives since last session is thai if we
would sleep well in death, if we would rest
from onr labors and have our works to follow
us, we must be faithful to the duties of life. It
may not be possible for us to perform so dis-
tinguished a part in the drama of life as those
who have gone before us, but we can bo as
believing, as industrious, as honest, as cour-
ageous, as humble as they.
Mr. finney lived in a part of the State re-
mote from me, and 1 never had any opportunity
for social intercourse with him. 1 knew nothing
of him in private life, but I can easily believe
that the sterling qualities of character which
the public were permitted to see, were power-
ful magnets to draw private friendships'very
close to the heart. I would not wonder if he
were an idol of the domestic circle. And there
are no doubt silent mourners, who do not like
us waste grief in words, to whom he was un-
speakably precious, and who will hold him in
affectionate remembrance long after our poor
words arc forgotten.
Mr. Pixsev first attracted myattention while
he lepresented one of the western districts of
011 r Stale in the senate. The j udges of the courts,
feeling that they were overworked, had asked
for an increase of salary. They encountered
the customary objections to such measures, but
Mr. Fisnjsy met the objections and the objectors
with an energy that overcame them utterly, and
secured, not all ho sought, but such increase
of judicial salaries as laid all the judges, and 1
may add all the people of Pennsylvania, under
lasting obligations to him.
As a lawyer I had opportunity'to observe
that he was an honorable and skillful prac-
titioner. There is no profession or occupation
which brings out character into such sharp out-
lines as the practice of law ; and in the interior
counties of Pennsylvania the lawyer is a man
of all work. Not only is he an attorney and
bari ister, but he is a special pleader, a convey-
ancer, a land agent, a collector of debts, and
very frequently the executor of his client's
will or administrator of his estate, and guard-
ian of his minor children. Besides all this, he
is expected to lead in every local improve-
ment. Heistobethe foremost man in the com-
munity in building churches, school-houses,
turnpikes, and other internal improvements ;
and he is to sympathize with and direct all
the movements of the social life by which he is
surrounded. Mr. Finney fulfilled faithfully
all these multifarious conditions. That he
made himself acceptable to his fellow-citizens
and neighbors is shown by their persevering
preference of him for high and honorable posi-
tions. And in these positions, as in the prac-
ticeof his profession in the courts, ho exhibited
a high order of talents, as well as an exalted
standard of manhood. Had he been spared
to the usual age of man he would no doubt
have achieved a national reputation like that
he had already won in our great State, and
which will descend as a rich legacy to his family.
The resolutions wore unanimously agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions authorize
the Chair to appoint a committee of nine to
attend the remains of the deceased, when they
arrive at New York, to the place .of interment.
The Chair is informed that they will probably
arrive during the recess. He therefore ap-
points as the, committee the following-named
members:
Messrs. Pettis of Pennsylvania, O'Neill
of Pennsylvania, Randall of Pennsylvania,
Woodward of Pennsylvania, Lawresce of
Pennsylvania, Dawes ofMassachusetts, Blaise
of Maine, Cullom of Illinois, and Beck of
Kentucky.
In pursuance of the order of Wednesday last,
the House (at one o'clock and forty minutes
p. m.) adjourned uutil Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petition of Mrs.
Susan E. Alger, of Worcester, Massachusetts,
for a pension.
By Mr. BOUTWELL: The petition of
David Smith and James McGerrisk, praying
for an alteration in the bounty acts.
By Mr. CALLIS: A memorial from the
judge of probate, county commissioners, and
other loyal citizens of Marshall county, in the
State of Alabama, asking reimbursement for
certain public property, destroyed by the
United States forces during the late war,
namely, the court-house at Guntersville, Mar-
shall county, in the State of Alabama.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition, signed by
Berthold Ilalm, of Springfield, Illinois, asking
for a pension and for pay for military service
during the late war.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Andrew
Jordan and others, of North Carolina, praying
for the continuance of the Freedmon's Bureau.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: The petition
of certain citizens of Harrison county, Ken-
tucky, praying Government aid for the early
completion of the Northern Pacific railroad.
By Mr. JULIAN: A memorial of the In-
dianayoarly meeting of Friends,praying a delay
in ratifying the late treaty with the Shawnee
Indians, and for other relief.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of Mary
B. Fowler, of Cleveland, Ohio, praying for an
additional pension.
By Mr. "VVELKBR: The petition of John E.
Schmidt, private company K, twelfth New
York cavalry, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret Fox, widow
of Matthias Fox, late corporal company H, one
hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania vol-
unteers. and also sixtieth company, second bat-
talion, Veteran Reserve corps, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Theophilus Jones,
father of George Jones, private company I,
eighty-sixth New Yoik volunteers, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. WHITTEMOUE: The petition of
Jesse H. Griffin, assessor of fourth division,
second district of Georgia, that his pay ac-
counts, which have been suspended since
August, 1866, in consequence of his not having
filed the oath of office required by act of July
2, 1862, may be allowed.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, December 19, 1868.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
credentials.
Mr. NYE presented the credentials of Hon.
Abijah Gilbert, chosen by the Legislature of
Florida a Senator from that State for the term
commencing March 4, 186!); which were read,
and ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of 0. Anderson Hultquist, in
behalf of the poor people of Stockholm,
Sweden, who desire to emigrate to this coun-
try, representing that they have no means to
bring them here, and asking Congress to pro-
vide means by which they can work out their
passage after they get here; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture.
He also presented a memorial of a committee
on behalf of discharged employes of the cus-
tom-house in New Orleans, presenting astate-
mentoffactsin connection with their discharge,
and the class of men appointed in their stead ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Oregon, asking an appropria-
tion to aid in the construction of a r dlroad from
the Willamette river to the Columbia river;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Oregon, asking an appropria-
tion to the Oregon and Washington Navigation
Improvement Company, for the improvement
of the navigation of the Columbia river ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of Oregon, in favor
of a grant of land along the line of a military
and post wagon-road from Tillamook valley to
the Portland road at La Fayette, in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
tive Assembly ofOregon,askingaido (Congress
for the Oregon and. Washington Navigation
Improvement Company, for the improvement
of the navigation of the Columbia river ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Oregon, in favor of granting
to that State a certain piece of land known as
the southeast quarter of section seventeen, in
township nine, south of range forty east, of the
Willamette meridian ; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Oregon, asking Congress to
aid in the construction of the Columbia river
and Hillsboro' railroad which, was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Ho also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Oregon, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Roseburg to Ran-
dolph, in that State ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILS.ON presented a petition of J. M.
Forbes and others, praying for remuneration
for the seizure and detention of the ship Meteor ;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying that in any amend-
ment to the Constitution to extend or regulate
suffrage there be no distinction made between
men and, women; which was referred to the
Committee-on the Judiciary.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Walter H. Crenshaw, praying a removal of the
political disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying a repeal of
so much of sections seventy-eight and ninety-
four of the act entitled "An act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," as relates to the tax on tobacco,
snnff, and cigars manufactured after the pas-
sage of the act, and for other amendments of
the law; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of the
medical faculty of Harvard University, pray-
ing the passage of an act to organize and in-
crease the efficiency of the medical department
of the Navy: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
death of hon. thaddeus stevens.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present to the Senate
resolutions passed by the Legislature of the
State of Louisiana, in August last, touching
the death of the late Thaddeus Stevens. I
