1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
regret, in consequence of the delay of the
mail, that they did not sooner arrive. I- ask
that they be read.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as fol-
lows :
Joint resolutions expressing the respects of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Louisiana in memory
ot tb e death o f Hon. Thaddeus Ktevens, late member
of Congress from the State of Pennsylvania, and
tendciiog their sympathy to the many friends and
relatives of the deceased.
Whereas it has pleased an all-wise Providence to
remove from the councils of the nation one whose
identity with the interests of the common country he
lias left the heritago of the people; and whereas it is
meet and proper that an expression isdue the memory
of the deceased: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the State of Louisiana in General Assembly
convened, That in the death of Hon. Thaddeus Ste-
vens, late member of Congress from theStato of Penn-
sylvania, the country has lost an able son, the cause
of republicanism an ardent advocate, and the people
a sincere friend.
Be it further resolved. That the sympathy of tile
senate and house of representatives is hereby ten-
dered the relatives of the deceased. That these reso-
lutions be entered on the minutes of both houses of
the fierier;) I Assembly, and published in the official
journal of the State of Louisiana, and that copies
thereof be transmitted to our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in the Congress of the United States.
Be it further resolved. That the desks of the presi-
dent of the senate and speaker of the house of rep-
resentatives of the State of Louisiana be draped in
mourning for the space of thirty days.
Adopted in General Assembly, in tbeeity of Now
Orleans, this 14th day of August, in the year of our
Lord 1868.
C. W. LOWELL,
Sneaker of the House of Representatives.
OSCAR, J. DUNN,
Lieut. Governor and President of the Senate.
[seal.] II. C. W ARMOTH,
Governor of the Slate of Louisiana.
A true copy:
Geokge E. Bovee, Secretary of Slute.
The resolutions were ordered to He on the
table and be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patents,
tn whom was referred the letter of the Commis-
sioner of Patents containing detailed state-
ments of expenses, &c., of the office, have had
the same under consideration, and directed me
to report a bill, and also to ask that so much
of the communication of the Commissioner's
printed as consists of his letter and abfroacts
of expenses accompanying it.
The bill (S. No. 713) providing for the pay-
ment of salaries and miscellaneous and con-
tingent expenses of the Patent Office for the
current year was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The document referred to by Mr. Wii.lest
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
memorial of soldiers in the service of the Uni-
ted States residing in the city of Washington,
praying that they may be granted the elective
franchise, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Vermont,
praying a repeal of the charter granted to the
Masonic Hall Association of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtaiued, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 714) granting lands to the State of Ore-
gon to aid in the construction of a military and
post road from La Fayette to the Tillamook
Bay; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 191) explanatory of an act of
Congress approved March 3, 1865, entitled "An
act extending the time for the completion of
certain land-grant railroads in the States of
Minnesota and Iowa, and for other purposes
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, aud ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 715)
to legalize certain land locations; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
717) to amend an act entitled "An act to aid
the construction of certain railroads in the
State of Wisconsin," approved May 5, 1864;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; 718) to authorize and require the reissue
of land scrip to the State of North Carolina;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
CONDITION OF GEORGIA,
v
P*\'
Ma\ POMEROY. I ask leave, without _
vi,ous notice, to introduce a bill relating to the
State of Georgia. I would not have intro-
duced this bill if I had seen in any of the other
bills on this subject a mode of relief which I
thought would be the most easy of attainment
for that State. I find that the constitutional
convention of Georgia did not dissolve, but
adjourned for one year, subject to be called
together if Congress should require anything
further in relation to reconstruction. But the
difficulty with the constitution of Georgia is
that it prescribed no qualifications for holding
office. This bill simply provides for the reas-
sembling of that convention, requiring of them
to put in a qualification for holding office not
in conflict with the amendment of the Consti-
tution of the UnitedStates called the fourteenth
article, and then to submit that constitution
thus amended to Congiess; and when approved,
then for the reassembling of their State Legis-
lature organized accoiding to the constitution.
That, I think, will reconstruct the State of
Georgia; at any rate that is my bill.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce bill (S. No. 71C) to provide for the
reassembling of the constitutional convention
of the State of Georgia, and prescribing the
duties of the same ; and it was read twice by
its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say, in connec-
tion with the observation of my friend from
Kansas; that I think one of the chief virtues
of the constitution of Georgia, which has been
recently adopted, is that it does not have any
qualifications touching the right to hold office,
but gives that right to every citizen of the State
"without regard to race, color, or previous
condition," as the technical phrase is. If my
friend means to say that he thinks its construc-
tion is to legalize the conduct of that body that
called itself a Legislature which met there a
while ago, and to hold that that body acted in
accordance with its fundamental law in expel-
ling nearly one third of its members because
there was a different shade of complexion to
them, then I think he is decidedly mistaken.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator, as I pre-
sume he has, has read the constitution care-
fully, he will see that it is silent on the ques-
tion of holding office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly.
Mr. POMEROY. What the Senator says is
only implied. The facts are that that consti-
tutional convention before it adjourned legal-
ized, if any constitutional convention can do
it, all the laws of the State not in conflict with
the constitution; and the constitution expressly
providing nothing in relation to holding office,
it legalized, as they construed it, the old law
of the State, which was that_ no colored man
should hold office. The constitution which we
accepted legalized that old law. There being
nothing in the constitution against it, they
have construed that that was binding on the
Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you think that is a
correct construction?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think it is; but
that is their construction.
• Mr. STEWART. I think the constitution
of Georgia is a little more than silent. I do
not- think it is silent on this subject. The first
section provides who shall be citizens of the
State: all who are born in the State and all
who are naturalized under the laws of the
United States. Then the section that does
prescribe the qualification of members of the
Legislature says that they shall be citizens.
Mr. POMEROY. They are all citizens.
Women are citizens, but not voters.
Mr. STEWART. It says all male citizens
over the age of twenty-one years; so that I
think the constitution of Georgia, by a fair
construction, guaranties to all the male citi-
zens of the State over the age of twenty-one
years, not convicted of crime aud laboring
upder no disabilities of that character, the right
t)6 hold the office of member of the Legisla-
ture. I think that is very clear. It can bear
/no other fair construction.
Mr. POMEROY. The fact that a constitu-
tion provides that all the citizens of the State
shall have equal rights is not construed in any
of the States to mean that they have equal
political rights. The constitution of Georgia
does say that all male citizens of a prescribed
age may vote ; but it is not all the voters who
are entitled to hold office, as they construe it,
because they had a law legalized by this con-
stitutional convention prohibiting a certain
class from holding office. We accepted the
constitution with that provision, and I want
the constitutional convention to reassemble, it
having provided for its reassembling if called
together, and adjust that question. I do not
want it left to construction. One lawyer or
judge may construe it in one way and another
in another. This question of holding office
should not be left to construction.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely rise to make an
inquiry of the honorable Senator who last
addressed the Chair, whether the bill he has
now presented contemplates any alteration or
changc in the operation of the act which we
passed at the last session authorizing the read-
mission of the several recently insurrectionary
States into the Union?
Mr. POMEROY. The provisions of that
act are held in abej'ance.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me call the Senator's
attention to a clause in the first section of that
act: "That each of the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Ala-
bama, and. Florida, shall be entitled and ad-
mitted to representation in Congress as a State
of the Union when the Legislature of such
State shall have duly ratified the amendment
of the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress aud known
as article fourteen," upon certain fundamental
conditions which do not relate to this subject.
The query which I wish to put to the honor-
able Senator is this: whether or not the right
of that State has not already become fixed and
unalterable by our own legislation', and by the
compliance on the part of the Legislature of
Georgia with those terms? It is, I think, an
important question. I desire to know whether
the bill he has now introduced has in view the
alteration of the act to which I have alluded,
and if so, upon what ground he bases it.
Mr. POMEBOY. The bill which I have
introduced suspends the action of that law
until after the State has been recognized by
the reception of its members in both branches
of Congress. The reconstruction act that we
passed did not contemplate that our action
should be final on the question until their mem-
bers were received ; butwhenthemembersfrom
those States were received in tbe two Houses
of Congress that completed the work of re-
construction so far as Congress had anything
to do with it. Until that period, however,
they are still subject to the legislation of Con-
gress ; and indeed I do not know but that
they are afterward. They certainly are up to
that time. This bill contemplates tho_ reas-
sembling of the constitutional convention of
Georgia to complete this work. They antici-
: pated that other things might be required ot
