1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 3,
After the adoptionof the Federal Constitu-
tion sorae of the States claimed concurrent
jurisdiction with the Federal Government; but
in 1817 the Supreme Court of the United States
determined that the power was exclusively in
Congress. But now, though no State can con-
fer citizenship, the States can and do confer
civil and political rights upon aliens not incon-
sistent with the laws of the United States ; and
in most of the States aliens are allowed to hold
lands, and in some States to vote. A law
establishing a uniform rale of naturalization
should be marked by a liberality harmpnizing
with the spirit of our institutions. We should
not forget that one of the acts charged against
George III in the Declaration of Independence
was that "he has endeavored to prevent the
population of these States, and for that par-
pose obstructed the laws of naturalization."
But at the same time the laws should be so
guarded with restrictions and sanctions that it
cannot be brought into contempt by its viola-
tion with impunity, and that this great gift may
not be made a means of corruption.
The bill which is reported from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to the Senate contains
these provisions; the jurisdiction overthe whole
subject of naturalization is conferred upon the
courts of the United States and upon a com-
missioner in each of the representative districts,
with authority to the court and direction to the
commissioner to hold sessions requisite to
afford full and convenient opportunity for nat-
uralization. Second, that one month before the
final application the applicant shall,file a notice
stating when and where the declaration ot
intentions was made, where he has resided for
the year previous, his name, age, occupation,
and description of person. The proof of all
the facts stated in the notice is to be made at
the final hearing, and the applicant and his
witnesses to be subject to a cross examination.
There is to be a record kept of all the proceed-
ings. The certificate granted is to take effect
six months after its issue, thus avoiding the
temptation to fraud which the approach of
elections occasions.
The Secretary of State is directed to provide
blank certificates, so guarded as not to be sub-
ject to coanterfeit, and of which an account
must be carefully kept; that all certificates that
have been issued within one year last past
shall be subjected to the inspection of the court
or commissioner, and if approved to be so in-
dorsed, and then to have the verity-of a record;
otherwise they are to be void; and that all cer-
tificates issued prior to a year last past may be
so submitted, and if submitted and approved
they are to have the validity of a record; and
if not submitted they are to be subject to invest-
igation before whatever tribunal they are pre-
sented for use. Provision is also made whereby
those possessing fraudulent certificates may be
compelled to surrender them. The bill also
contains stringent provisions in the nature of
penalties and sanctions.
And now, Mr. President, when about to end
the pleasant relations which have subsisted
between me and my associates here, I com-
mend not so much the bill which I have had
the honor to report as the great subject to
which it relates to the careful attention of the
Senate.
executive business.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to submit a
motion to go into executive session, long enough
at least to suspend the two-days rule, so that
the confirmations shall not die with thesession;
otherwise all work is lost.
Mr. C4.TTELL. They do not die.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that they do.
Mr. WILSON. There is a very small bill
which,I should like to have acted upon now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The executive business
is not finished. Why not go through with the
Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are not
in executive session. Does the Senator move
to go into executive session?
Mr. WILSON. I hope I shall be allowed
to have a little bill taken up. It will not take
a minute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks for the present con-
sideration of a bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts, will it not answer
his purpose just as well if we now go into ex-
ecutive session, and go through some formal
matters, and then resume legislative business?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us finish the exec-
utive business before we do anything else.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not like to press it
against the wishes of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ; but if he will allow me I beg to sub-
mit a motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
Mr. CONKLING. We shall be back in a
little while.
printing of debates.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York; but before putting that motion the Chair
will lay before the Senate a concurrent resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That tho Con-
gressional Printer be directed to report and publish
tho debates of Congress, commencing at twelve o'clock
on the 4th of March, until further and definite action
can be had,underthe jointresolution recently passed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
concur in the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a matter that
must be disposed of in some way or other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The contract covers
everything. The parties will go on and report
and print as usual.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senate will allow
me to make an explanation 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The contract will cover
everything.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no contract at
all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can make one.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no provision to
publish the proceedings of Congress after
twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. They will be published,
I suppose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I saw one of the pro-
prietors of the Globe, and he said they would
have reporters here and go on until a con-
tract was made ; and I understood him to say
that he notified the chairman of the commit-
tee to that effect.
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. I insist upon my motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business, at a quarter to three o'clock a. m.,
[March 4,] the doors were reopened ; and, on
motion of Mr. Buckalew, the Senate took a
recess for fifteen minutes.
At three o'clock a. m., [March 4, J the Senate
resumed its session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
precede to the consideration of executive
business.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business the doors were reopened.
printing of debates.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPberson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following order :
Ordered, That the CleTk bo directed to request the
return from the Senate of the concurrent resolution
of the House in relation to the printing of the debates
of Congress alter the 4th instant.
The Senate proceeded to consider the request
of the House; and, in compliance therewith, it
was
Ordered, That the Secretary return the resolution
to the House of Representatives.
mrs. ella u. hobart. /
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate now to take
up House joint resolution No. 280'.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 280)
for the relief of Mrs. Ella E. Hobart. It pro-
vides that Ella E. Hobart, who was appointed
as chaplain to the first regiment of Wisconsin
volunteer heavy artillery, shall be entitled to
receive the full pay and emoluments of a chap-
lain in the United States Army for the time
during which she faithfully performed the ser-
vices of a chaplain to the regiment as if she had
been regularly commissioned and mustered into
service.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the funniest
thing I have ever heard of in my life.
Mr. WILSON. I will state the facts of this
case. This lady lived in Wisconsin. She went,
like many other women, to 'help the soldiers
pndwait upon them in the hospitals; and such
was her capacity and her devotion that the
regiment elected her as the chaplain of the
regiment instead of a man. She performed
that duty, and went into the service and served
for some time in that capacity, and when she
asked for pay Mr. Stanton said there was no
law of Congress that would allow a woman to
act as chaplain of a regiment, and she-received
nothing whatever. The House have passed
this bill. The evidence is full and complete.
The lady is of high character and liigh stand-
ing and a great deal of capacity. I hope there
will be no objection to its passage.
The joint resolution was reported to tli 
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
widows of general officers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Unless there should
be serious opposition I should like to take up
the bill granting a pension to Mrs. Hackleman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it a House bill?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. The name
that was added to the bill when it was last
under consideration should be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is ou taking
u£ the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it very
wise or creditable for this body to be passing
bills at this time of night in the condition the
business of the Senate is. There is scarcely a
quorum here. Senators are not, from their
great fatigue, paying much attention to busi-
ness ; and 1 hope the Senate will not persist
in .taking up any measure of this sort now.
The Senator can call it up in the morning.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mrs. Hackleman'f con-
dition is such as to make it almost my duty to
try to call up this bill; and I shall not be here
to-morrow to do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will call it up for you,
then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator, from Indiana.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1741) granting an increase of pension to
Emily B. Bidwell, widow of Brigadier General
Daniel D. Bidwell, and to Sarah Hackleman,.
widow of Brigadier General Pleasant A. Hack-
leman.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment mad®
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I asli to have the bill, as
amended, read. If we are to do business here
in- this way at this time of night some of us
may as well know what is going on.
■ The Secretary read the bill, as amended, as
follows r
Be it. enacted, That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, and he is hereby, authorized and dirc-ted_ to
place on the pension-roll the name of Emily B. Bid-
well, widow of the late Brigadier General Daniel D.
Bidwell, for pension at the rate of fifty dollars per
month from the 19th day of October, 1864, on which
day General Bidwell fell mortally wounded at the
battle of Cedar Creek, Virginia, to continue durins
widowhood.
