1869.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the pension
heretofore allowed said Emily B. Bidwell under gen-
eral law be discontinued: but the sum received by
her under the same shall be deducted from the pen-
sion hereby granted,
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll the name of
Sarah Hackleman, widow of the late Brigadier .Gen-
eral Pleasant A. Hackleman, for pension at the rate
of fttty dollars per month from the3d day of October,
1862, on which day General Hackleman fell mortally
wounded at the battle of Cornith, to continue during
her widowhood.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the pension
heretofore al lowed said Sarah Hackleman under gen-
eral law be discontinued ; but the sum received by
her under the same shall be deducted from the pen-
sion hereby granted.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the pensions
hereby granted shall be subject to the provisions of
the general pension law, except as to the amount
thereof, as above provided for.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That an act enti-
tled " An act granting an increase of pension to Em-
ily B. Bidwell, widow of Brigadier General Daniel
D. Bidwell, and to Sarah Hackleman, widow of Brig-
adier General Pleasant A. Hackleman," approved
July 27,1868, is hereby repealed.
Sec.7. Andbe it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Sallie P. Griffin, widow of the late General Griffin,
late of the United States Army, now on the list of
pensioners, the sum of fifty dollars per month during
her widowhood, in lieu of the pension she is now
receiving.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire if
that last section is an amendment put on in the
Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. The
question is on concurring in the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if the Senate cau
be restored to order I should like to call atten-
tion to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Senators
will resume their seats.
Mr. MORRILL; of Vermont. I move to
lay aside this bill for a single moment in order
to pass  r
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
Senator from Vermont has the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If my col-
league will allow me, there is a bill which has
passed both Houses 
Mr. EDMUNDS. All right; you shall have
your turn, but this bill has got to be discussed.
N(5w, Mr. President, this sum of money which
you are going to vote to these three or four
persons is not of any very great consequence.
I suppose the tax-payers can bear it, particu-
larly as we are perhaps not of that number ;
but you are establishing a precedent which will
justly entitle all soldiers' widows in the coun-
try to a similar increase, and they are better
entitled to have it. I repeat, Mr. President,
that if we are to act on bills of this kihd we
must act under a certain sense of responsibility;
for although it may be a very fine joke to pass
bills of this kind to-night the records of the
Senate will show it to-morrow and the country
will know it to-morrow, and you will have
entered upon a line of legislation to which there
can be no end. In selecting out these three
or four distinguished ladies who come here into
the reception-rooms and the marble-room and
make very persuasive appeals to us to give
them fifty dollars a month, while a colonel's
widow or a captain's widow with her little ones
is having her ten or fifteen or twenty dollars,
I say it may be a very flue thing to do to-night,
but it is a thing which we shall all be sorry for
to-morrow.
There is no justice in selecting from this
great mass of persons, to whom we are paying
as much pension as we can, a few favored in-
dividuals who happen to be about the Capitol
and are pressing their particular claims. If the
pension laws now give as much to soldiers'
widows as the country can afford to pay then
let them stand as they are and let all share
alike. If they do not give to the soldiers'
widows as much as they deserve and as we
can afford to pay then apply it to all alike and
elevate the amount of pensions you are to give
them all. But what justification is there, I
should be glad to be informed, for selecting
out of twenty thousand widows in the land, or
more, four, if that be the number in this bill,
for special favor and consideration over and
above all the others ? There is no excuse for
it; there is no principle upon which it can
rest. That is the fact about it; and I should
hope that at these last moments of the session
we should not commit ourselves to an act of
this kind; that however personally agreeable
it may be to us to do it for these particular
ladies, and involves in it such a grave impro-
priety, as it appears to me this does, as to make
an invidious discrimination of this character.
It ought not to be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
lay aside this bill in order to take up House
joint resolution No. 474.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a joint
resolution that passed the Senate once and
was considered and hung up. The same meas-
ure has now passed the House, and I under-
stand there is no objection to passing it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is it about?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a reso-
lution in favor of certain parties who started
to lay a cable connecting our country with
Russia, and who failed and'lost about three
million dollars, and who have pulled up about
five hundred miles of their cable and have
brought it back to New York in a damaged
condition ; and now in that condition, if they
land it, they have to pay duties; and I suppose
it may be worth something to them if they can
be allowed to land it without paying duties.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it be debated?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; nobody
desires to debate it. It has been approved by
the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the bill before the Senate be laid aside.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Informally?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not informally. Tou can-
not lay it aside with my consent in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the pending bill be laid aside for the pur-
pose of taking up the joint resolution indicated
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CAMERON. That is a resolution to
take money out of the Treasury, as I under-
stand it, and I am opposed to taking it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution proposed to be taken up by the Sen-
ator from Vermont will be read by its title.
The Secretary. A joint resolution (H. R.
No. 474) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to admit free of duty a certain sub-
marine telegraph cable.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that resolu-
tion ; and if it is to be taken up I have an
amendment that I wish to offer to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to know the
reason for the passage of such a resolution as
this at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust there
will be no amendments made to it and that
the Senator from Nevada will not undertake
to embarrass it by any amendment. If he
insists ou offering an amendment I shall not
call it up.
Mr. STEWART. I most certainly do insist
on offering an amendment. I think it would
be a very great outrage to pass any resolutiorf
favorable to this monopoly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
Senator does not understand what monopoly
it is..
Mr. STEWART. I think I do. It is the
Western Union Telegraph Company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, Sir; not
at all.
Mr. NYE. Not at all; it is the old tele-
graph between our country and Russia, of
which they have taken up five hundred miles.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is a bank-
rupt affair.
Mr. STEWART. Let the resolution be
read, and see it'I am not right about it.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, &c., That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to deliver to the
Western Union Extension Telegraph Company the
submarine telegraph cable made to form a part of the
Overland Telegraph Company to unite the United 1
States with Russia and Great Britain, intendod to be
laid in the Behring sea, without the payment of
customs duty thereon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up the resolution.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
take a recess for ten minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall get the civil
bill from the House in a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; we shall not. I
move that the Senate take a recess for ten
minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that is
exactly, the right way to treat these widow
women. If the Senate do not want to pass
their bill it is an easy thing to vote it down,
but to take that sort of advantage of my prop-
osition I do not think is right. I yielded to
the request of the Senator from Vermont to call
up his resolution as he was -so zealous about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was a pub-
lic measure, and had previously passed both
bodies.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was claimed that it
was a public bill, and of course the telegraph
companies had to crowd the widows aside. I
do not think this is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking a recess for ten minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should sympathize
with my friend from Indiana in favor of the
widow women whom he desires to pension if
he had not united a short time ago with a con-
ference committee of this body who had made a
report in opposition to the expressed wishes of
both the Senate and the House in favor not of
pensioning widow women, but of paying the
same compensation to females for precisely the
same work as is paid to men. Now, then,
after the Senator from Indiana united with the
conference committee of the two Houses to
prevent such an act of justice as that, and
against the wishes of both Houses, I do not
think he is in a position to appeal to the Senate
in favor of pensioning widows. I therefore
regret very much that I have to vote against the
Senator's proposition on account of his incon-
sistency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say a
word in reply to theSenator from Illinois, who
complains of the action of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the legislative appropriation bill:
and I wish to correct an impression which may
go to the country and create a misapprehen-
sion in the popular mind on that subject. The
idea seems to have prevailed to some extent
that  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will theSen-
ator suspend his remarks to enable the Chair
to receive a message from the House of Rep-
resentatives ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
1881) regulating the reports of national bank-
ing associations.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1672) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1870.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the commit-
tee ofconferenceonthe disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1911) mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending J une 30, 1869,
and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 784) to amend the
judicial system of the United States.
