1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The' message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2007) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1870,
and for other purposes; asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
atld had appointed Mr. Rufus P. Sfaldin& of
Ohio, Mr. Henry H. Starkweather of Con-
necticut, and Mr. S. S. Marshall of Illinois,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 413) in
relation to lands and other property o£ W. W.
Corcoran, in the District of Columbia, used by
the United States Government during and since
the war of the rebellion; asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon; and had appointed Mr. Glenni W.
Scofield of Pennsylvania, Mr. Horace May-
nard of Tennessee, and Mr. Charles A. Eld-
ridge of Wisconsin, managers at the same on
its part.
The message further announced that the
House insisted on its amendments to the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 178) tendering sympathy
to the people of Spain; asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and had appointed Mr. Nathaniel P. Banks
of Massachusetts, Mr. Demas Barnes of New
York, and Mr. Austin Blair of Michigan,
managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 1808) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during
the liseal year ending June 30, 1870; and it
was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
report or a committee.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 418) for the relief of John
IS. Reeside, and his sub-contractors, reported
it without amendment.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ate to take up the civil bill for consideration
with a view to the appointment of a committee
of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the motion I
made for a recess in order that the Senator
may make that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am much
obliged to the Senator; I had forgotten that.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 2007) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1870, and for other
purposes, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Itesolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House, and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representatives
on th e disagreeing votesof the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
benato be appointed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr.
Harlan managers at the same on its part.
widows of general officers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up the
bill laid aside a few minutes ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We want a con-
ference on another bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up the
bill granting a pension to Mrs. Haekleman and
other ladies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams.) Ike motion is to take up the bill men-
tioned by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done. I do nofc wisk feo divide the Senate on
it as things are now situated, but I must do so
because I am opposed to this bill on principle.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
The motion was not agreed to.
sympathy with spain.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
bill just from the House be taken up and the
action of the House read.
The Secretary read as follows :
In the House of Representatives.
Resolved, That the House insist on their amend-
ment, disagreed to by the Senatei to the resolution of
the Senate No. 178, tendering sympathy to the people
of Spain, and ask a conference" on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that that be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
take a recess until ten o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us dispose of the busi-
ness on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate takfe a recess until ten o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
at three o'clock and thirty minutes a. m., took
a recess until ten o'clock a. m.
MORNING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at ten o' clock a. m.,
[Thursday, March 4.]
message from the house. .
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 860) for the relief of Wright
Duryea ;
A bill (S. No. 896) confirming certain pur-
chases of land in the Ionia district, Michigan,
made by Charles H. Rodd and Andrew I.
Campean ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 238) extending
the time for the completion of the first twenty
miles of the Cairo and Fulton railroad ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 195) requiring
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to transfer certain money.
the galleries.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will do his duty and have less
noise in the galleries or they will be cleared.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless the galleries
keep silence they will be cleared. I shall
make that motion unless the galleries are
silent, so that business can be transacted.
house sergeant-at-arms.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask leave to
make a report. The Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 473) relating to the pay of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, have instructed me to re-
port it back without amendment and recom-
mend its passage. I ask unanimous consent
to consider it now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 473) relating to the pay of the
Sergeant-at-Arms was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that hereafter
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Repre-
sentatives, in lieu of all fees and mileage for
summoning and procuring the attendance of
witnesses before committees and the House
and the attendance of members upon a call of
the House, shall be reimbursed the actual and
necessary expenses incurred in rendering the
services, to be allowed by the Committee on
Accounts and paid by the Clerk upon the pre-
sentation of a voucher sworn to by the person
performing the serviee and certified by the
committee directing the serviee to beperformed,
or by the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, when the services are performed by
direction of the House.
Mr. DRAKE. Is that a joint resolution ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. DRAKE. I should iike to know, if
anybody can give me the information, why it
should not include the Sergeant-at-Arms of
the Senate as well as of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It would be
quite fatal to amend the resolution at this time.
I think we had better secure what there is in it.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, I will not throw any
obstacle in the way of that much of reform.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope the resolution will
not be acted on.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. CRAGIN. I object to the third read-
ing of that joint resolution, Mr. President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
cannot be read a third time to-dav.
reports of committees.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the resolution (S. R. No. 103) construing and
giving effect to the joint resolution entitled
" A resolution for the relief of the State of
Wisconsin," approved July 1, 1864, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Walter Crane, of Michigan, for
recognition of the right of the State of Michi-
gan to escheat of lands which accrued while
Michigan was a territorial government, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the some committee, to whom
was referred the bill.(H. R. No. 1588) for the
relief of Solomon Oliver, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to,
Mr. CATTELL, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
747) to regulate the price and encourage the
production of cotton in the United States, re-
ported adversely thereon and moved its indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to. "
w. w. corcoran.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment t6 the resolution (H. R. No." 413) in re-
lation to lands and other property of W. W.
Corcoran in the District of Columbia, used by
the United States Government' during and
since the war of the rebellion, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives ; and
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its amendments
to the joint resolution,and agree to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That conferees on the part of .the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Harlan, Mr. Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, and Mr. Vickers.
sympathy with spain.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the message of the House of Rep-
resentatives insisting on its amendments to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 178) tendering
sympathy to the people of Spain, and asking
a conference thereon, ,
Mr. DRAKE. That was laid on the table
during the night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. -Let it be read.
The Secretary read the action of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
agree to the conference.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
petitions.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a resolution from the Legislature of the
State of Kansas relating to settlers on a portion
of the Shawnee lands, in that State, asking that
they may have the right to buy those lands at
