160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
relief, and at any time when I have an oppor-
tunity 1 propose to vote that relief; but in
saving this I do not wish'to be understood as
favoring this bill in precisely the shape in vhich
it now stands ; that is to say, I prefer to have
it amended. I suggest to the Senators from
Michigan that the bill if passed in its present
form will not give any protection whatever, Jn
my judgment,, to the copper interests. -It is
necessary to go further and embrace some-
thing more in order to give any protection to
those interests. _ For instance, this bill raises
the duty upon pig and other ore in the form of
the raw material from two and a half to five
cents per pound, and yet it leaves the duty
npon copper sheathing and copper plating at
three and a half cents per pound. It raises
the dnty npon popper, but it does not raise the
duty upon brass. The duty upon brass is now
fifteen per cent., and copper forms the chief
alloy of brass. It would follow, therefore, if
this bill should be passed iti its present shape,
that the manufacturers of brass would no
longer use American copper for that purpose,
but would import the brass.
There are several points wherein this bill
should be amended, even to meet the views of
those of us who think that copper should have
some relief at the present time ; and, if it
shall be amended, the bill must necessarily go
back to the House of Representatives, and
cannot be acted upon there until after the
recess, because, as I learned a few moments
ago, the House has already adjourned from
yesterday until Monday, and there is no longer
a quorum of the House present in the city, I
hope, therefore, that the Senators from Michi-
gan will consent to let this hill remain until
after the recess.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I hope
the Senator from Michigan will consent to
postpone this bill until after the holidays. I
feel inclined to go for his bill, hut it is very
evident it cannot be passed to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have nodoubt we can
pass this bill to-day. _ If there are any amend-
ments that are requisite they can be made by
the Senate. But this bill, as I will inform my
friend from Vermont, precisely as it is, does
furnish a very material relief to the copper-
tnininginterest. ltistheintroduction of foreign
ores that troubles us, not the importation of
sheath brass. I admit that there should be an
advance of duty on sheath brass and sheath
copper, and have no objection to placing them
in this bill. .My friend from Vermont has an
amendment covering that ground; thatamend-
rnent can be offered, and it may be adopted.
I hope that the bill will be taken up and its
consideration proceeded with, and that it will
be passed to-day, as I have no doubt, we can
pass it. I ask for a vote ou taking it up.
Mr. PEUR1. Mr. President, it is apparent,
from tho statement which has been made by
the Senator from Maryland and also by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that
although it is possible if this bill be taken up
that it may be passed to-daj', in a manner
after the fashion of the whip and spur of the
previous question in the House of Represent-
atives, it is clear that the bill cannot be passed
to-day with fairness to the parties interested in
its provisions and to be alfected thereby, nor
with full information before the Senate of the
considerations which ought to be presented to
it. Why do I say so / ihe bill having passed
the other House on the first day of the session
in the manner which I have indicated, and re-
mained but a short time in the hands of the ;
Finance Committee of the Senate before it was j
reported here within three days last past, the \
authorized exponeutoftheyiews of the Finance
Committee informs the parties most affected !
disastrously by the bill that it is not understood i
by that committee that the bill shall be consid- '
ered by the Senate until after the holidays;
and upon this statement the gentlemen who are
interested, and whose interests may be, as I
said, disastrously affected by the passage of the
bill, have gone to the city of JSTew York to ob-
tain information in an authentic form to lay
before the Senate. -Now, it certainly does seem
to me that any Senator considering these ad-
mitted facts will find it difficult to vote to pro-
ceed to the immediate consideration of the bill.
When the bill passed the other House, know-
ing that it would affect to some extent the in-
terests of toy constituents, I addressed a letter
to a very intelligent gentleman in a large manu-
facturing town in my State, requesting inform-
ation upon the subject j and from him I have
received a reply from which I wish to read a
few words in reference to the question now
before the Senate as to the propriety of taking
up the bill at this time. He writes :
4iI earnestly hope that the copper tariff bill that
passed the House will be defeated in ihe Senate, as
it ought to be. Itis passed professedly in themtercst
of the copper miners of Lake Superior, but really in
the interest of speculators in mining stocks and cop-
per. Quite an active movement has occurred in cop-
per witbin the past ten days, and the price has
advanced under largo purchases "by speculators, with
no reason for an advance except speculative ones.
The interests of the whole country demand cheap
copper, and there is no reason for any increase in the
tariff growing out of the relation of production to
consumption. But, besides, there is alarge amount
of capital invested on the Atlantic coast in smelting
copper fioia ores, and while more copper and copper
ore both rue now exported than arc imported, the
smelters from ore are obliged to have copper ore
enough from Chili to make in ordinary times four
million pounds of fine copper per annum, in order
that they may mix it -with the American ore and
make good copper. On tho other hand, more than
this amount of ore is exported to England annually
from California."
He refers to the statement made by Mr.
Martin, of Maryland, which has been referred
to by one of the Senators from that State, and
says :
"Tho positions of Mr. Martin, of the Baltimore
company, are incontes'iblo. lie does not state them
as strong y as the facts well warrant, I was presi-
dent of the Detroit aijd Luke SupciiorCoppor Com-
pany for more tliun a year, from March. 18^7. to
June,1868; and am now individually and f s trustee
largely lutcrebtcd m it, and thereloro know whereof
I write. This company sraclt* and refine* more cop-
per than any other in the country. It is all from
native mineral; none from ores.
" It is true, also, that the effect of the bill is to de-
stroy the business of smelting from ores; at least, I
have no doubt of such being its tendency, and I
know such is its object. None of the Lake Superior
miners deny it, and a very huge New York operator
in copper and cop per-minvngstocks told me that such
would be its effect, and ought to be.
" Notwithstanding the smaller cost of smelting the
Lake Superior native mineral, copper can actually
be produced chcaper from ores than from the Lake
Superipr mineral, the whole cost of mining, &c.,
being included, at the present rate of duty. This
advantage the smeltors from ores must be deprived
of, because they must have an admixture of foreign
ores with tho American to produce good copper,
unless tho smelting is done, as at the Tennessee fur-
nace. by.charcoal. Who is harmed by this small
importation of ores when an equal or greater amount
both of ores and lino copper is exported?"
Now, sir, I desire to produce and present to
the Senate proofs of the statements which are
mu.de by this gentleman, and I desire to pro-
duce^ and present to the Senate statistics in
relation to these Lake Superior mining com-
panies and mining stocks ; and also in relation
to the shipping and commercial interests in-
volved in this bill. It does seem to me that
after the representation which has been made
from the Committee on Finance that we who
oppose the bill ought to have an opportunity to
make this presentation to the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, Idonotknow
who is the author of the; paper from which the
honorable Senator from Connecticut has read.
He speaks with great confidence of the neces-
sity of foreign ores in order to the proper smelt-
ing of our native ores. That appears to be the
great point of his effort; the absolute necessity
of the foreign carbonates to be used in smell-
ing our native ores, and hence the necessity of
letting in those foreign ores free or subjeet to a
very trifling duty. 1 do not propose to go at
any length into the consideration of that sub-
ject, but as a reply to the statements of the
writer, whose letter has just been read to ns, I
beg leave to read from a letter dated the 20th
of June last, written by Mr. C. Kaht, secretary
of a copper.-mining company in Tennessee,
who, I understand, is a very intelligent gen-
tleman 
Sir. FERRY. If the Senator will allow me
he will find that the letter I read referred to
this Tennessee furnace as one where the smelt-
ing was done by charcoal. If he listened to
the letter 1 read he would see the distinction it
made in reference to the Tennessee furnace.
Mr. HOWARD. I will read a part of this
letter, and only a part of it is necessary to be
read. Addressing Hon. Horace Maynard,
the Writer says:
" I duly received your esteemed favor of the 18th
instant. The bill proposed in the Committee of AVa\ s
and-Means will give to the copper-mining interest
all the protection needed. The copper production
of tliis country is fully equal to its consumption.
Foreign eopper, refined or in ores, is not n-eeded ior
any branch of industry for which our own produc-
tion would not answer Better.
"The assertion made by the Atlantic smelter?,
that they require foreign carbonates of copper in
orderto smelt up tho native sulphurets and oxydes,
is a fallacy. We have manufactured at our mines,
in Tennessee, during the last year, over two million
pounds of fine copper out of sulphurets mainly, and
produced an article-the quality of which none of tlic
Atlantic smelters have reached/'
There is the opinion of one expert upon this
subject directly against that of another. If it
becomes necessary I can introduce other proof
upon this subject which will make it over-
whelmingly conclusive. There is no necessity
whatever for the use of foreign carbonates of
copper in the smelting of our native ores; and
the experience of all the native mines in the
country is in accordance with this statement.
The idea is, as this writer very properly desig-
nates it, a fallacy. I hope, sir, that the bill
will be taken up and acted upon at once.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall take up
this bill now and act upon it. This is the
second day that it has been pressed upon the
attention of the Senate. It has passed the
other House, and if we are ever to take it up
we should do it now, and bring before the Sen-
ate all the questions in connection with the
tariff system. This i3 an interest in which my
State has very little concern—none at all, ex-
cept that we send coal up to Michigan and they
bring down their ores. I know something
about the furnaces in Baltimore. There are
only two of them, I believe. They are small
interests compared with tlie great mining in-
terest in the Northwest. I have no doubt,
with the knowledge I have before me, that
unless we pass a bill like this the miners of
Michigan will be driven out of employment
entirely. The furnaces m Maryland are among
the very few in the country. There are two
there, I believe, and there are but very few
anywhere else in the whole country. They can
get their ore, if they will, as cheaply from Michi-
gan as they do now from abroad. It will come
down by the lakes to Erie, and down the canal
to Pittsburg, and from thence to Maryland at
very little cost; but they have been in the
habit of getting it from abroad, and like all
other habits it is hard to change.
But my reason for desiring to take up the
bill now is, that we have nothing before us of
importance to-day. We have met mainly for
the purpose of discussing and disposing of this
bill, and we had better pass it or defeat it now,
and thus save time hereafter. If we do not,
it will occupy not only a day, but days, and
perhaps even weeks when we reassemble. Mv
desire is to have as little business of this kind,
after we come back, as possible. I hope that
the Senate will take up the bill, and pass it or
not, as they see fit, to-day.
Mr. DIXON. I doubt very much whether
business San be very much expedited or has
tened by taking up the bill to-day. If itshould
be taken up to-day, although in a somewhat
unprepared state. I shall deem it my duty to
discuss it. i shall think it my duty to make
some remarks upon it, and offer some reasons
why the bill, in my judgment, ought not to
pass. If the Senate insist upon it to-day, I,
unless some other Senator does so, shall be
compelled to go on in opposition to it. Iwould
take up less time of the" Senate with greater
preparation. I had no idea that it would bo
insisted upon at this period of the session, and
I trust the Senate will not require those who
are disposed to discuss the bill to go on with
that discussion to-day.
