1868.
TSM t OOKGRMSivSIQNAL GLM&
m
In regard to what the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has said of the interests .in .Baltimore
and other places, in my judgment they are not
so very small as he has intimated. . He says
they can get their ore-in Michigan. Everybody
knows it.ia a very different kind of ore, requir-
ing no smelting, native copper most of it;
whereas the other is of au entirely different
character—sulphurets, or something of -that
kind. All these things [ propose to go into,
and-I propose to attempt to show the Senate
that the bill ought not to pass. I think the
great interests ot the.country, the shipping and
manufacturing interests, do not require it.
But I dislike very much to go on to-day, and I
hope the Senate will give time for the discus-
sion. I think, as-I said in the beginning, that
the bill can reach a final conclusion and receive
the deliberate action and decision of the Senate
better and perhapseven earlier than if it should
be pressed at this time.
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. It seems -per-
fectly apparent that no time can be gained by
pressing this bill to-day. I understand the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] pro-
poses an amendment, which the Senator from
Michigan intimates he will accept. Then it
must go back to the House of Representatives,
and of course no action can be taken upon it
until after the recess. My sympathies are with
this bill, as they are always for any tariff bill.
I confess, however. I do not like this system
of legislation, picking out first wool, then
copper, and tii6n some other article, and leav-
ing the general manufacturing interests of the
country without that protection to which they
are entitled, and thus dividing the strength
which those great interests ought to have ; but
still, if a bill is introduced which gives proper
protection to copper, trusting to the magna-
nimity of the representatives from the West,
who have wool and copper .protected, I'should
probably vote for the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to say that this
ma ter will be greatly expedited by pressing it
to-day. The House has not adjourned ; it will
l>e ill session on Monday, and if we adopt the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont ihe House can concur in it and still
make the bill a law on Mondav next. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickkbs] says
that the bill proposes to increase the duty on
copper some eighty odd dollars. He must see
at a glance that he is very much mistaken.
The whole duty proposed is only £07 20, three
cents per pound on the ore. He has been
misinformed ou the subject. I hope, sir, that
the bill will be taken up and passed to-day, so
that it may become a law before the recess ot
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Michigan will allow me—I see he
rather controverts a statement made by me—
the House, i understand, have adjourned over
until Monday. They had not a quorum yester-
day, and there is no probability of their hav-
ing one, as I am informed, on Monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have received my in-
formation from a member of the House of
Representatives since the Senator made his
statement. J hope that the bill will be taken
up and considered.
Mr. WHY! E. Mr. President, I do not recog-
nize the wisdom of the reasons given by the
Senator from Michigan [Air. howard] for
pressing this bill at the present time. If the
mining interests upon the shores of Lake Su-
perior are suffering _so much that the houses
are closed and the men have gone away to look
for employment elsewhere, surely during the
Christmas holidays they will not return to their
houses to look for that employment which they
have already lost. Therefore, but little harm
can be done to the men themselves.if this bill
does not pass before the 5th or 6th of Jan uary.
In regard to the other statement, that if this
bill docs not pass at once orders will go from
Baltimore to foreign ports to buy largely of
copper and thereby to glut this market, 1 can
say nothing, .for Io know nothing of any .such
proceeding having taken place before. 1 do not
40TII CONG, 3D SES^,—So 11.
believe it.,' however. The interest in Maryland to
which I refer, amounting to more than a mil-
lion dollars, is held almost exclusively by gen-
tlemen high in influence in the Republican
party there, better known to t,he Senators from
Michigan'than to .me,-perspnally,: but they are
gentlemen wha stand high iu our , community,
•and I am here in their helialfto ask the Senate
not to turn men from the Senate Chamber un-
heard. They ..came here .in the early part of
the week and asked respectfully that they might
simply b.e heard. They were told that,it.was not
necessary for them then to speak-; time would
be allowed them aftej; Congress reassembled
ih- January; and, as I- stated .before, relying
upon, this promise or tliis understanding, of
Senators—an understanding which ought never
to he tarnished—they have gone home. And
now, having heard that this bill is sought to he
brought up for consideration by the Senate, in
utter astonishment they telegraph across the
wires, pleading with the Senate not to put them
at such disadvantage. 1 ask permission of the
Senate to read the telegram which I hold in
my band. It is addressed to the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who has kindly handed
it to me:
"Agreeably to understanding, as wesupposed, rain-
ing, smelting, and shipping interests have been noti-
fied that they would be heard after the holidavs, and
havo all responded that tllcy will then bo in Wash-
ington. Upon this assurance they have acted and
rely. Weceitaiuly hope you will not allow the taiiff
bill to come up in the Senate till wo arc heard."
With this understanding theue gentlemen
have gone away; and when parties interested
as manufacturers and as miners and as ship-
pers and as ship builders have relied upon the
assurance of Senators that no action would be
taken, and, without lodging the information
with us which they wished to communicate to
the Senate, have returned to their homes rely-
ing with perfect security upon that assurance,
will theSenate of the United States take up that
measure, and, without the information which
we desire to communicate, press it to a vole
to-day? I am a young member of the Senate,
but 1 have had a traditionary respect for the
calm and considerate legislation of which it
lias heretofore always been an exemplar, and
I shall be surprised if on this occasion I shall
see any action not in consonance with the rep-
utation that it has heretofore held.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 gave 1101 ice yesterday
that I should call up this bill to-day and press
it to a vote. These parties are within two
hours' ride of this city, and they could all have
been here this morning after that notice was
served on them. 1 ask the Senate for a vote,
and I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CATTELL. On this bill I am paired
with Senator Grimes. If he were present he
would vote against taking up the bill, and I
should vote for it,.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Cor-
bett, Drake, Harlan, Howard, llowe, Kellogg, Mor-
gan. Morton, Nye, Patterson of'L'cnnessee. Pomeroy,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice,, btevvart, Wade, Warner, Wil-
liams, and Yates—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bueknlew. Cole, Davis, Dixon,
Edmunds, Kerry, Fessenden. Fowler. Frelmghuysen,
Harris, McCreery, Monitl ofMaine, isorton, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Ito'«, Sherman, bpenecr,
■ Sprasue. Sumner, Trumbull. Van Winkle, Viekers,
Whyte, Willey, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell,
ConklinK, ( onnf«s, Crasin, Doolittle. Grimes, Hen-
derson, Hendiieks, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Xliayer, dip-
ton, and Welch—10.
So the motion to take up the bill was not
agreed to
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1192) to extend the pro-
visions of the homestead act to the orphan
children of deceased soldiers who are under the
age of twenty-one years, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
miss she mliu'hey.
Mr. HOWE. I move, if it be necessary to
make such ft motion, that the Senate resume
thj&fionside'rati'on of the bill (S. NodSSS) for .the
relief of - Miss. Sue Murpliey, of J^eeahw; Ala-
bama.
Themotion was agreed to ; tii/il the Senate,.as
in Committee of the Whole,/esumed the •Con-
sideration of the bill!
.Mr. EDMONDS. \thi/Ck this biU is of
much importance in i\drinciples;and ia the
precedent it will establisWor a very large num-
ber of cases, and for the expenditure;©!" a vijry
.-large amount, of money, that it ought to be re-
considered.by the committee who reported it,
and that we ought to have a written report which
shall-dissCuss the principle upon which it pro-
ceeds and which shall govern it and the;,other
cases like it. I have certainty no opposition to
this specific claim ; I dare say. it may be meri-
torious in a mere intrinsic sense; certainly I
know nothing against it; but wheu I Reflect how
vastis.thesumof money that entering upon this
course of legislation involves^ and how diOJcult
it will be to distinguish between just and upjust
claims all over this wide expanse of southern
territory where war and rebellion have raged,
I cannot refrain from calling the attention.of
the Senate to it again, and from moving, .as I
do now, that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FilELINGHUYSEN. I agree with the
Senator from Vermont as-to the importance of
this question, and as to the large amount .that
may be involved in the decision of it; but [do
not agree with him ia the propriety of having
it recommitted to the committee at this time.
The Committee on Claims have had this ques-
tion before them repeatedly. There is a, Writ-
ten report in this case. What She committee
now ask, and what I think they,are entitled to,
is to have this subject discussed before the
Senate and to,have a .-vote of the Senate upon
it. Whether this .period of the session js the
most propitious time for that discussion. I aB
not prepared to say. When the question; is
discussed 1 hope to have a little to suy on the
subject, but my remarks shall be very brief.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 certainly had the im-
pression the other day, from something, that
tell from the lips of ,roy friend from New Jer-
sey, that this subject, as involving this princi-
ple, had not been considered in the committee,
and that this bill might well be recommitted.
I evidently misunderstood him. and therefore
I withdraw the motion that I made to recom-
mit; and as he says it needs to be furtherdis-
cussed, I move that its further consideration be
postponed until the 5th of January.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, I have
a few words to urge against that motion. It
may be that the principle involved in this bill
is of immense moment to the country, because
of the amount of money that hangs upon the
decision of it. I do not concede that, I do
not believe that any such amount of money
hangs upon the decision of it as is urged here.
But what I ask of the Senate is a consideration
of ihe question now, and a decision of it. That
I ask in the name of the committee.
Senators say that we ought to he careful
about settling this precedent. Sir, there is no
question of precedent about it. The prece-
dent, so far as the action of the comnAtee or
the action of the Senate is concerned, is set-
tled, if a precedent can be settled—settled in
this, that the Senate has already passed this
very bill in this very case. There cannot be
any mistake, then, aboutthe wantof.precedent.
But it has also passed another bill involving
all that is involved in this bill, and a little
more. In the case of Armes, after repeated
debate, the Senate and the House-passed a
bill appropriating money for a building which
we did not take and use, as is the c&se here,
but which was destroyed in battle, if I recollect
the fact.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that was so ;
but it was inside of our lines. That was the
point.
Mr. HOWE. That is another question. It
was actually destroyed by our guns in the. course
of a battle, if I am not mistaken, as to the facts
in that case.
