1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
$1 25 per acre. I move that it be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I present several petitions
which I have received from the State of Mas-
sachusetts, signed by citizens of that State,
relating to the right of suffrage, asking that in
any change of the Constitution of the United
States, or in any effort to make suffrage more
general in the District of Columbia, there may
be no distinction among American citizens,
but that all, native and foreign, male and
female, may be admitted to equal participation
in the right of suffrage. As this subject has
been disposed of, I move that the petitions be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT TRIAL.
Mr. BUCKALE W. Before the session closes
I desire to make a brief statement 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is impos-
sible to do business here unless we can have
more silence in the galleries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These ladies and gen-
tlemen in the galleries ought to understand
that the Senate has business to transact, and
unless their sense of propriety will allow the
Senate to do its business the Senate will be
compelled to clear the galleries. There is
important business yet to be transacted ; some
appropriation bills have not-finally passed, and
we must have an opportunity to do* business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has the floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, at the
last session a select committee was appointed
by the Senate to inquire and report whether
corrupt influences had been used upon the
votes of any members of the Senate in the
case of the impeachment of President Johu-
son. That committee had two meetings at the
last session, but the adjournment arrived with-
out any report being made. At the present ses-
sion, by a resolution, the committee was con-
tinued. We are now about to adjourn and there
will be no formal report made from that com-
mittee. I desire to state, however, that neither
at the former session nor at the present one has
any information been communicated to that
committee upon the subject in regard to which
they were appointed. From no quarter have
we received any information which would even
justify us in entering upon any regular invest-
igation, and so far as the committee are con-
cerned I have to say that nothing has ap-
peared to justify any imputation upon any
member of the Senate. I need hardly add my
own private conviction, although that is very
strong, that there was not the slightest ground
for imputing to any member of the Senate or
to any person connected with any member of
the Senate the use of or subjection to any
corrupt, illegitimate, or improper influences
in connection with the impeachment.
Inasmuch as this committee was appointed
at the last session and was continued at. the
present session. 1 thought before our adjourn-
ment it was proper for me to make this brief
statement.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message fiom the Ilouse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 783) to amend the judicial
system of the United States ;
A bill (S. No. 890) confirming certain pur-
chases of land in the Ionia district, Michigan,
made by Charles H. Rodd and Andrew J.
Campeati;
A bill (S. No. 860) for the relief of Wright
Duryea;
A bill (S. No. 729) to provide for the exe-
cution in the District of Columbia of commis-
sions issued by the courts of the States and
Territories of the United States or of foreign
nations, and for taking depositions to be used
ill such courts;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 195) requiring
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to transfer certain money; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 238) extending
the time for the completion of the first twenty
miles of the Cairo and Fulton railroad.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of a resolution I
offered a few days ago, touching the compensa-
tion of committee clerks.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, authorized to pay to the committee
clerks their per diem salary from September 22 to
November 11,1868.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to explain to Sen-
ators concerning this resolution. The com-
mittee clerks were paid up to the meeting of
the first additional session after the regular
session, -occurring in September. We made
further provision for meetings of Congress to
that time, and the clerks of the committees
came and remained here as they were bound
to do. It is a mere question of whether they
shall receive pay for the additional sessions
that we provided for and required them to come.
It applies to only a very few persons, and I hope
that it will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that resolution been
reported from the Committee on Contingent
Expenses?
Mr. CONNESS. It has not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iunderstandthevreported
against it.
Mr. CONNESS. The resolution that was
reported against was one which included all
the messengers and attaches of the Senate,
including the pages. This is entirely another
thing, and the chairman of the Committee on
Contingent Expenses informed me that he be-
lieved this should be paid. It was intended it
should be paid, but the Comptroller finds a
warrant for refusing to pay. I have just seen
the chairman of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses. He is a member of the committee
of arrangements, and said he had to go. It is
a very small matter.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move for the reading
of the resolution.
The resolution was read.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that they were paid for the
first provisional session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The chair-
man of the committee himself requested me if
anything in relation to these committee clerks
was brought up to object to it until he conld
have time to present it.
Mr. CONNESS. That statement certainly
does not relate to this resolution. The Sen-
ator can scarcely think that I would make a
misstatement in this body. I have within ten
minutes conversed with the chairman, and he
said he would like to remain and support it,
but had to be absent on the committee of
arrangements for the inauguration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the ground on
which you put it?
Mr. CONNESS. That they came. We created
and provided sessions and they came. The
resolution which he is opposed to is one which
includes all the attach6s of the body.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I spoke from
information he gave me yesterday, and very
likely the Senator from California is correct.
Mr. CONNESS. I am correct, sir.
Mr. BUCKALEW. As a member of the
Committee on Contingent Expenses I haye
never agreed to any snch resolution as this.
As far as I understand the views of the chair-
man, they are very different from what have
been stated by the Senator from California. As
I understand from his statement, these clerks
were paid up to the September session, when
there was a brief meeting of the two Houses.
The effect, then, of this resolution would be to
pay them from September until the commence-
ment of the regular session in December. I
believe there was a formal, not a substantial,
1 meeting of the officers of the two Houses in
October and again early in November. That
was a mere form. There was in fact no session
of Congress and none was contemplated ; and
these officers were not here at all. They had
no occasion to come and they did not come.
As to the September session, there might be a
fair presumption that there would be a ses-
sion ; but as I understand that they were paid
up to and including the day or two days of the
September session I see no reason for the pas-
sage of this resolution. If it was within the
rule I would object to its consideration at this
time.
Mr. CONNESS. It is up for consideration.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is simply to pay a
class of officers of the Senate who are among
the best paid of all of them from September
until the opening of the regular session in De-
cember, or nearly to that time, for services
which they never performed, when they were
not here at all in the city of Washington, when
there is no reason or pretext in the world for
voting the money except that it would be a
very graceful and a very pleasant thing for
those who are their friends in this body to give
them a little gratuity of this sort at the end of
the session. For my part I have always re-
sisted here and elsewhere the voting away of
public money for services which were not per-
formed. This is clearly a case of that descrip-
tion, and therefore for one I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the words "and messengers"
after the words " committee clerks."
Mr. CONNESS. If the messengers should
he included the pages should also. The reason
why I did not include them in the resolution
was that the committee reported against it.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 11, noes 15 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and beiug
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew.Cole.Corbett, Davis, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Fowler, Harris, Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Warner,
Whyte. and Willey—21.
KAYS —Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conness,
Drake, Frelmghuvsen, iiarlan, Morgan, Morrill of
Mai ue, Morrill of Vermont,Osborn, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy. Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Tiumbull. Welch, Williams, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayarn. Cat-
tell, Conkling, Cragin. Dixon, Dpolittle, l'erry.
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
McCreery, Norton. Nye, Pool, Ross, Saulsbury.ba.w-
yer,Spencer, Sprague.Thayer.Vickers, and Yates—&.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end:
Provided, That no person shall be benefltedby
this resolution who did not actually attend the iNo-
vember session of 1868.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution as amended.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
how many messengers and clerks are included
in this resolution. There are about fifty or
sixty, I believe.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot answer that ques-
tion. ^ , ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Only a few
who lived here in Washington.
Mr. WILSON. That is all now. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont beyond all
question settles it that none of the persons who
reside outside of this city will receive any pay-
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did they not attend?
Mr. WILSON. My belief is that they did
not, though here and there possibly a man did.
Many of them held themselves in readiness to
do so and governed their business affairs ac-
cordingly and had to bear the burden of it.
The hour came and they had notification like
the rest of us that Congress would not meet.
The few who reside in this city will get the
benefit of it, but nobody else.
