1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Manifestly the resolu-
tion ought not to pass in the shape it is, because
it will pay to every person residing in Wash-
ington the additional compensation. Certainly
they are no-better deserving of it than others.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree with the Senator
from Illinois in a part of his observations.
■Manifestly the resolution ought not to pass in
the shape it is or any other. These clerks of
cortimitfees get better pay than the regular
clerks do who are paid by the year, and they
did not come to attend these sessions, and I
do not believe the clerks who livedin this city,
if there are any, came either. Mow the ques-
tion is whether we are to pay constructive per
diem to the clerks of committees when every-
body over the country, clerks and all, knew
that*there would be no 'November session a
•long time before the period arrived for which
it was appointed. I entirely agree with the
SeoatoMrom Pennsylvania that we shall not
be justified in expending the public money for
•any such purpose. • • -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theques-
tiori is on the resolution'as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Senate has voted on the amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. SfJMNERi. I should like a division on
that.
Several Senators. Too late.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment was agreed to. The question is on the
resolution as amended.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to reconsider
the vote on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be recon-
sidered. ' ' -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to be reconsidered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be glad to hear
from the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts upon what ground it is that he thinks we
ought to expend the public money to pay con-
structive per diem to the clerks of committees
who were enjoying themselves in Massachu-
setts and Vermont and elsewhere in November.
Mr. SUMNELl. They held themselves in
readiness for service here, and it seems to me
they have the same title that my friend, the
Senator from Vermont, has to his compensa-
tion.'
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, I
cannot say that I held myself in readiness for
service here then ; and the Senator perfectly
well knows that the law fixes,an annual compen-
sation to us and it fixed a per diem compen-
sation to them. The result isthatyou cannot
escape the position that you set, the precedent
of paying the employ6s of the Senate construct-
ive per diem, covering months of time when
they were not here and not performing service,
and.when they and everybody else knew that
they would not be required to come here and
perform service.
Mr. SUMNER. And yet the resolution as
amended by the Senator from Vermont will
apply, exclusively to those clerks who reside
here in Washington; and it is favoritism to
them. I wish to have all the clerks treated
alike; those who were here in Washington and
those who were not. That is the reason that I
assign for the reconsideration of the proposi-
tion, which I think was hastily adopted. •
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ;• and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fesseoden, Frelmghuysen, Grimes. Harris, Hend-
ri®ks, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson
of New Hampshire,.Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull,
Warner, Willey/Williams, and Wilson—26.
BAYb—Messrs: Anthony, <!attell, Conness, Fowler,
Harlan, Kellogg, Morton, Osborn. Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Spencer,
Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Welch—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Oonkling,
Cragin, Doolittle, Henderson, Howard, McCreery,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Pool,
Ross. Saulsbury, Sawyer, Thayer, Vickers, Whyte,
and Yates—20.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 239) more efficiently to protect the
fur-seal in Alaska ; and the bill (S. No. 875)
for the relief of Mathilda Victor.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were
thereupon signed by the Presidentpro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 1881) regulating the
reports of national banking associations ;
A bill (H. R, No. 1803) making appropria-
tions' for the Support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes;
' A bill (H. R. No. 1672) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870 ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1911) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Gotrfrnmentfor the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1869, and for other
purposes. ' '
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make a report
from the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing,votes of the two Houses on the bill
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1870.
The Secretary read, the report, as follows :
. The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 2007) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1870, and for othqr purposes, havirig
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 7, 8, 9,15, 26, 32, 34, 37, 47, and 48.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numberel 1,2, 3,4, 5, 6.10,11, 12,13,14, 16,17,19, 20,
21, 22, 24,25, 27, 28, 29, 30,31, 33,35, 36, 39,40, 41, 42,43,
44, 45, and 46, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 18 and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
in line nine of said*' amendment, after the word
"paid," insert " and no liability incurred;" and the
Senate agree to thesame,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 23 and
agree to thesame with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the word "fifty" and
insert in lieu the words " twentv-five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 38 and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
at the end of said amendment add the following
words: "Provided, That the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury shall review thesaid claim upon
its merits, and allow only so much, not exceeding
said sum, as shall be just;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
L. M. MORRILL.
JAMES HARLAN.
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
R. P. SPALDING,
H. H. STARKWEATHER,
- S. S. MARSHALL.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to un-
derstand that report without an explanation.
I'hope- the Senator from Maine will tell us
what the purport of the report is. What is
.the last proposition about a claim ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is in regard
to a claim for military expenses of Iowa. The
House recede and concur with a proviso that
it shall be subject to the audit of the account-
ing officers of-the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that all the change?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Thatisall. I will
answer any inquiry which may be addressed to
me as to any other item. There are many minor
items which I suppose will not interest the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The report was concurred in.
pay of southern senators.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up for the
purpose of having a vote on-it, the resolution
with regard to the compensation of the Sena-
tors from the reconstructed States.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to pay the Senators from the States of North
Carolina. South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Arkan-
sas, and Louisiana the compensation allowed by law,
to be computed from the commencement of the sec-
ond session of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. FERRY. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I feel that it
is a mockery to undertake to transact business
in this Senate Chamber this morning except
so far as it may be absolutely necessary for the
interests of the nation. I will therefore do in
this case as I shall do in reference to every
other piece of business, move to lay it upon
the table.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Conness, Davis, Dixon,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, Hendricks, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of VermoDt. Patterson of New Hampshire,
Stewart, Whyte, Williams, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell. Chandler, Cole,
Cor belt, Fowler, Harlan, Morton, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pomeray, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wil-
ley—19. ">
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard.Conk-
ling, Cragin, Doolittle, Harris, Henderson, Howard,
Kellogg, McCreery.MeDonald, Norton, Nye, Osborn,
Pool, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Spencer, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Welch, and
Yates—27.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the
table. ,
- presibential approval of bills.
- A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary,- announced that the President had this
day signed and approved the following bills
and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 679) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road
from Eugene City to the eastern boundary of
said State
A bill (S. JSfo. 862) amendatory of the act
providing for the sale of the arsenal grounds at
St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri, and for other
purposes;
- A joint resolution (S. R. No. 200) reappoint-
ing Louis Agassiz a regent of the Smithsonian
Institution ;
A bill (S. No. 264) for the relief of Henry
C. Noyes;
A bill (S. No. 844) for the relief of Captain
Charles Hunter, United States Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 760) for the relief of Rev. D.
Hillhouse Buel;
A bill (S. No. 781) for the relief of Alpheus
C. Gallahwe;
A bill (S. No. 836) for the relief of Celestra
P. Hartt;
A bill (S. No. 891) for the relief of George
Fowler and the estate of De Grasse Fowler,
deceased, or their assigns ;
A bill ^S. No. 661) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Colonel John W. Davidson, of the United
States Army;
A bill (S. No. 705) further to provide for
giving effect to treaty stipulations between this
and foreign Governments for the extradition
of criminals;
A bill (S. No. 758) to provide for the exe;
cution of judgments in cnpital cases ;
A bill (S. No. 722) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
