164
THE. !GO]NTC-KESSIQNAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Commit its citizens, and only .the individuals
whp went Sb should be made to suffer. I know
nothing about this case of Miss Murphey. I
only say that I want equal, even, e^act jus-
tice dealt oat to loyal citizens in Decatur, and
if one hundred of them suffered under the same
order I want them all compensated if one is.
Mr. FJKELINGHUY8EN. Mr. President,
I h#ve 
Mr. HOWARD. With permission of the
Senator from New Jersey, I ask whether he
will not yield to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. FRKUNGHUYSEN. I have a few
remarks io make on this subject; but [ have
no disposition, if the Senate wish to adjourn,
to proceed now,
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn. ,
Mi\ FREUNGHUYSEN. I simply wish
to say that I do not expect to be here on Mon-
day. I do not know whether it is expected
that there will be a quorum here on Monday or
not. If so, I should like the subject laid over
until we come together again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no danger of
anybody being here on Monday.
Mr, HOWE. It is only a little past two
o'clock, and I think the Senate ought to settle
this .question this afternoon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is Saturday after-
noon ; and this is an important question.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before the question is
put I ask the indulgence of the Senate to he
allowed to make a remark. I think there
should be some understanding that no general
business shall be transacted on Monday beyond
that of the morning hour. As many of our
members have already gone and others are
about to leave, I hope before we adjourn to-
day, it will be understood that 110 general busi-
ness shall be taken up on Monday ; that the
morning hour will be gone through with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is already under-
stood. There will be no quorum here on Mon-
day.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Let it be understood
that the morning hour will bo gone through
with ; and I believe there is a deat h to be an-
nounced that day. ["Yes."] Then members
who desire to go home can go with the assur-
ance that no important business will bo called
up on that day.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 2-1, navs "ID; as follows:
YEAS—llussrs. Bucknjew, C.tmeron, Chandler,
Colo, DruJ;o, JKUmilnds, i'essenrlen, ilarUn, Ilai ris,
Howard. Kollo^fr, McCrcery. Morgan, Noi ton, P.it-
toraon of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Ramsey, Kice, Shorman, Stewait, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Vickors, and Williams—"4.
NAYS—Messrs, Corbett. Davis. Dixon, Ferry, "Fow-
ler, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Nye. Oaborr, Pool,
Boa's, Sponcer, Sprasue, Sttraoor, Thayer, Wade,
Warner. Wliyte, and Willey—19.
ABSKNfT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Bayard, Cat-
toll, Coukling, Cotmess, Crania, Doolittle, Krehnfc-
huyson, <Ji-iim>«, Henderson, llondrieks, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pomeroy. Robertson.
Saulsbnry, Sawyer, Tipton, Welch, Wilson, and
Yates—23.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 21, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
contingent fund ov the senate.
ThePRESIDENTp?*o temporelsM before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Senate,
communicating, in obedience to law, a detailed
statement of the payments from the contingent
fund of the Senate for theyear ending Decem-
ber 6, 1808; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition from
a mass meeting of Republican citizens of the
town of Norfolk, which was held some time
during July. The petition was sent to me
shortly afterward, but I have had no occasion
to .present it until now. It sets forth that a
bill was introduced in the Senate of the United
States by me sometime in July, 1867, to strike
theword "white" from the naturalization laws,
and- that that matter was afterwa'rd referred to
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate. ■ It
then sets forth that there are actually persons
of foreign birth, of Afiican descent, who have
rendered the country efficient service during
the rebellion, and that they have no other way
of becoming citizens except by the process of
naturalization. After setting forth those facts
the petition proceeds to ask that Congress would
pass the bill introduced by me, or some similar
bill, so as to strike the word "white" out of
the naturalization laws of the United States.
In presenting this petition I desire to say,
that if I remember rightly the bill introduced
by me was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, when I was pressing its passage, by
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
lie led me to suppose at the time that the bill
would shortly be reported back from the com-
mittee and put on its passage. It lias not been
reported back, and. so far as I know, is now
slumbering among the papers of the committee.
I hope that it may bo reported back and put
upon its passage. I believe that our natural-
ization laws are the only laws which now con-
tain the word " white," an8*I think that word
ought to be expunged from them. I ask the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
.Mr. EDMUNDS. T wish to say, in reply to
what (.be honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts has said, that 1 believe he is correct in
saying that the bill to which he alludes was
referred to that committee on my motion. I
wish to assme him that the fact that it, has not
been reported—that i«, in its principle ; I do
not say iu its form—is not imputable to me;
nor, under the circumstances, do I think it is
to the committee. That committee has been
overwhelmed with labor connected with recon-
structions and that sort of business which has
precluded it from keeping up with its Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER 1 hope, however, as the
bill is short, that the committee will call it up
and proceed with its consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And make short work
of it..
Mr. SUMNF 1. Yes, make short work of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will be referred to the Committee oil the
J udieiait.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the memo-
rial of the Universal Peace Union, an elaborate
document in behalf of the Indians. This doc-
ument contains a very complete argument in
favor of justice to the Indians. I ask its ref-
eience to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 also present a petition
from citizens of ICa ,sas living on lands known
as the Osage lands, in which they earnestly
pray Congress that a treaty with reference to
those lands maybe ratified only so far as to
place the title of the land in the United States,
so that it may be disposed of to actual settlers
as other public lands are. I ask the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present the
petition of Samuel \V. Porter and fifty other
citizens of Springfield, Vermont, praying that
Congress will—
First. Pass the civil service bill of Hon. Thomas
A. Jenckbs.
Second. Complete and pass the new tax bill, re-
ducing taxation wherever possible.
Third. Reduce expenses in all Departments, and
decrease the proportion of costly officers iu the Army
and JSravy.
Fourth. Put all Indian affairs in charge of the War
Department, to save cost and stop fraud.
, Fifth. Let lands required by treaty from the In-
dians be sold at public land offices, und not iu large
tracts to speculators.
- Sixth. Grant no subsidies in money or bonds to
r&iiroad's.
'Seventh. Stop large ind useless appropriations for
custom-houses and hospitals.
BLgidh. Adopt su'-ii measures as in your wi«rlora
yoti deem best to tarn the balance of trndo in our
favor, that our ctiin may be left at home as a means
of resuming specie payments.
I ask the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Glenwood to Chip-
pewa City, by way of Isaac Thorson's, of
Hazel Lake, Six Mile Timber, Big Bend, and
Chippewa Crossing ; which was releried to the
Committee on Post Offices ami Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of in-
mates of the Soldiers' Home, located at Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, praying for the
consolidation of that home with the national
homes at Dayton, Ohio, Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, and Augusta, Maine; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petitio-n of
James D. Green, of Florida, asking for pay for
services in the Army of the United States as
captain of cavalry from March, 1864, to April,
] 805 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. THAYER presented the petition of
Henry C. Whitney, in behalf of the leading
citizens of southern Kansas and of the half-
breed Osages, against the ratification of the
Osage treaty, except on such terms as will
entirely exclude monopolists : which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CORBETT presented a resolution of
the Legislative Assembly of Oregon, in favor
of a commission to investigate and take proof
as to the losses sustained by citizens of Oregon
on account of Indian depredations; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, relating to the railroad land
grant from the Central Pacific rail road, in Cali-
fornia, to Portland, Oregon ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the repeal
of so much ot sections seventy-eight and ninety-
four of the act entitled " An act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
pmposes." as relate to the tax on. tobacco,
snuff, and cigais manufactured after the pas-
sage of that act, and for other amendments of
that law ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS- presented the petition of
George T. Brott., praying for compensation for
the value of the model barge Brott and Davis,
impressed into the military service of the
United States and lost; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
pal'eita withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the pos-mastor at
Meadville and others, citizens of Pennsylvaniat be
taken itom the filesot the Senate and referred toihe
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
library of congress.
Mr. ^MOKGAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Library to present the report
of the Librarian to Congress, showing the con-
dition of the Library during the year ending
December 1, 1868, and to offer the following
resolution on the subject:
Kmohedy That the annual report of tbe Librarian
ot Congress, showing the condition of the Library
dunns the yenr endinfr December l,1368,bepnnted
lor the information of the Senate, vfirh three hun-
dred additional copics for the use of the Library.
I ask for the present consideration of the
resolution. It is precisely like the one that
was adopted last year, and I think there is no
objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That resolution must go
to the Committee on-Printing, under the rales.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope it will not bo re-
ferred, because that would carry it over until
January, and it ought to be disposed of now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,' It, can be
