1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
the rules, because I think no order more reg-
ular than the one I propose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the rules will
"be suspended.
Mr. RANDALL. What is the bill ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to report first the
joint resolution of the Senate No. 100, for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery.
I move to suspend the rules for the purpose of
reporting it and some other bills.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
election frauds in new york.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, on which
he called the previous question:
Resolved, That there be printed two thousand
copies of the majority and minority reports, with the
testimony, of the committee, on the alleged frauds
committed at tho late presidential election in the
State of New York, and ten thousand copies of the
same reports without the testimony.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 72, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was, " Shall the main question
be now put?"
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 47, not voting
70 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton,
Bingham,Blackburn, Blair, Boutwell, Boyden.Brom-
well, Broomall, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Call is, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Deweese,
Dixon, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eck-
ley, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Goss, Gove, Griswold,
Halsey, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hunter,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Ketcham. Koontz, Laflin, Lash, "William
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Muilins, Myers,
Newsham, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pierce,
Plants, Poland, Raum, Robertson, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,Stover,Taffe,
Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van "Wyck, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William Williams,
and John X. Wilson—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archcr, Axtell, Baker,
Barnes, Beck, Benjamin, Brooks, Burr, Cary,Chanler,
Eldridge. Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Haighfc, Harding, Holman, Hotchkiss, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones. Kerr, Kitchen,
Knott, Marshall, McCormick, McCullough, McKee,
Morrissey, Newcomh, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth,
Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Stone,
Taber, John Trimble, Van Trump, and Young—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Barnum, Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyer,
Buckland, Roderick R. Butler, Clift, Colfax, Corley,
Covode, Dawes, Delano, Dickey, Edwards, Eggleston,
French,Garfield, Gravely, Hamilton, Haughey,Haw-
kins, Heaton, Asahel W.Hubbard, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Richard D.Hubbard, Hulburd.Kelley.George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan. Loughndge, Mallory,
Marvin, Mercur, Mungen, Norris, Nunn, Pettis,
Phelps, Pike, Pile, Poisley, Price, Prince, Robinson,
Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Selye, Shanks. Shella-
barger, Sypher, Tift, LawrenceS.Trimble, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Vidal, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, Wood. Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward— 70.
So the main question was ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olution.
Mr. BROOKS. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 52, not voting
58 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bailey, Beaman, Beatly,
Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Blair, Boutwell, Boy-
.nt %oinwell, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Callis, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift. Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
vorley, Cornell, Covode, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey,
lhxon, Donnelly, Driggs. Eckley, Edwards, Ela,
1 nomas D.Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferry,
tr1- u ' T^rene^' Goss, Gove, Griswold, Hawkins,
Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
K-oontz, Laflin, Lash, George V.Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Mallory, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Newsham, Norris, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland, Price, Raum,
Robertson, Roots, Sawyer, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Sypher,
lane, faylor, Trowbridge, Twichell.Upson.Van Aer-
nam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, and Windom—112.
NAY&—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Boyer,
Brooks, Broomall, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight,
Harding, Holman, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson,
£^<^nas k* Jones, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Marshall,
McCormick, MeCullough, McKee, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Phelps,
Pruyn, Randall, Ross, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Stone,
Taber, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Wood, and
Young—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son,_ Arnell, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Buckland, Colfax, Cullom,
Delano, Dockery, Dodge, Eggleston, Ferriss, Gar-
field, Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Haughey, Heaton,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester I). Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Kel-
ley, Logan, Loughridg-e, Lynch. Marvin, Nunn,
Pettis, Pierce, Pike, Poisley, Prince, Robinson,
Schenck,_ Selye, Shanks, Starkweather, Thomas,
John Trimble, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn. Van
Trump, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D.Wash-
burn, James Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—58.
So the resolution was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the fol-
lowing title; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (H. R. No. 1570) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes.
unification of coinage.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following reso-
lution, on which I demand the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand
copies of the letter of E. B. Elliott, esq., upon the
subject of the unification of the coinage of the world,
for the use of the House, and one thousand copies
for the Treasuiy Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. I "think we had better
reduce the number from five thousand to one
thousand. The subject of the unification of
the coinage of the world interests only a few
persons.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Laflin] has demanded the previous
question on the resolution.
Mr. BARNES. Would it be in order to
move to increase the number?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in
order pending the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
On ordering the main question there were—
ayes forty, noes not counted.
Mr. BROOKS. We have done printing
enough this session ; it is time to stop. It is
too late at this period of the session to order
additional printing. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed House bill of the following title,
with amendments, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
An act (H. R. No. 1911) making appro-
priations and to supply deficiencies i n the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and
for other purposes.
REPOltT ON COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tho
House five hundred extra copies of the report on
commercial relations.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
report on mineral resources.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following res-
olution, on which I'demand the previous ques-
tion :
Revolved, That there be printed fifteen thousand
copies of the report of R.. W. Raymond, special com-
missioner of mining statistics, on mines and mining
in the States and Territories west of the Rocky mount-
ains; fourteen thousand for the use of the House
and one thousand for theTreasury Department; and
the Congressional Printer is hereby authorized to
pay for the cuts illustrating this report upon the
presentation of the proper vouchers not exceeding
the sum of $175.
The previous question was not seconded;
there being—ayes 33, noes 80.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. LAFLIN. I wish to say to the House 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order,
that the motion to lay on the table is not de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able. The question is on the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Aesbll,] that
the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. ARNELL. I withdraw the motion in
order that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Laflix] may explain the resolution.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, this resolution
provides for the printing of the report of Mr.
Raymond upon the mineral resources of tho
country. Mr. Raymond was appointed toper-
form the duties formerly performed by J. Ross
Browne. This report embodies a vast amount
of interestinginformation touching the mineral
wealth of the United States and the manner
in which that wealth is being developed. I
am satisfied that if the House understood the
nature of this report no man who desires any-
thing printed would object to its printing.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to ask whether the
report of J. Ross Browne does not cover this
entire question of the mineral resources of the
United States.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will say this is one half of
the number of the report of J. Ross Browne
which was ordered to be printed.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. SPALDING. If there be no objection
I ask that the amendments of the Senate to the
deficiency appropriation bill be taken up and
non-concurred in, so that they may go to a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the amend-
ments be read. I wish to know what amend-
ments have been put upon an appropriation
bill before they are referred to a committee of
conference.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the motion,
and leave the responsibility with the gentleman
from Illinois of retarding the public business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not wish to vote
on an appropriation bill and on amendments
of which I know nothing. I want to know
what I am about.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will yield for two minutes
to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PILE. I certainly should not favor the
printing of anything which would needlessly
add to the enormous expenses of that depart-
ment during the present Congress; but the
withholding from the people of this kind of
information in regard to our mineral resources
is poor economy. The best thing we can do, in
my judgment, is in every way to develop that
section of our country. It will increase our
ability to pay the public debt. I am sure if
members knew the contents of this report they
would not object to its being printed. They
are of the utmost importance in view of the
development of our mineral resources. I
will move that the number be ten thousand
instead of fifteen thousand.
Mr. LAFLIN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. PILE. Ten or fifteen thousand ought
