1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
to Jane McMurray, of Carlisle, Pennsylvania,
widow of Ezekiel McMurray, a soldier of the
war of 1812, a pension of eight dollars per
month in lieu of four dollars now received by
her, to commence on the 14th of July, 1862.
Tbe bill was ordered to a third rsading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
emily ii. gardner.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, on behalf of Mr. Polsley, who
was sick, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1963) !
granting a pension to Emily H. Gardner;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of the applicant, widow of William H.
Gardner, late a contract surgeon, and pay her
a pension of seventeen dollars per month, com-
mencing July 17, 1864.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire if the
widows of contract surgeons are entitled to
pensions under the general law?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They are not under the
general law, except in a particular class of
eases. The law of 1865 provides that where
contract surgeons die or are disabled while
in service in the field their widows or their
heirs shall receive the same pensions as if they
were assistant surgeons. This case comes from
Nashville, Tennessee, or rather the death oc-
curred at Nashville, Tennessee. Technically
it was not in the field, but it was in a hospital
at the frontor near the front. The committee
think it comes within the spirit of the law,
and hence they report the bill. Only in that
class of cases are contract surgeons allowed
pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. The only objection I have
is that the rule ought to be somewhat uniform
and general. This physician was not entitled
to a pension at all under the general law. He
does not come within the laws granting pen-
sions. The committee decided against the case
of Ilorsley simply on the ground that he had
not been mustered into the service of the
United States, although he fell in the front of
the enemy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I apprehend the gentle-
man is mistaken as to the law. The law allows
pensions in the case of parties who fell in
battle, whether they were ever mustered in or
not.
Mr. HOLMAN. In the case of Ilorsely,
which the committee reported against early in
the evening, the man fell in resisting the ad-
vance of a marauder at the head of ten thou-
sand men. He and a small squad of Indian-
ians who had assembled together, not organ-
ized into companies or regiments, resisted the
enemy, and he was killed. The justice of his
case was much stronger than the justice of
this case. The technical objection applies to
the one case as well as to the other. 1 am in
favor myself of a very liberal policy in grant-
ing pensions ; and while I shall not object to
the passage of this bill, I protest against the
discrimination made by the committee against
the widow of a man who fell while he and a
handful of others were resisting the advance
of ten thousand men, shooting at them as they
passed through their cornfields. I say that
the merits of that case are stronger than of
this case, where a contract surgeon was taken
sick and died in the ordinary discharge of his
duties in hospital.
Mr. MILLER. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE TO A COMMITTEE TO REPORT.
Mr. ROSS. I ask unanimous consent that
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
of the War of 1812 have leave to report this
evening.
Mr. MULLINS. I have only one case to
report.
There was no objection; and the leave was
granted.
pay of a committee clerk.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 451) in relation to the pay of the clerk
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. 1XOS8. I suppose that cannot come in
except by unanimous consent. I guess we had
better not do any general legislation to-night.
The SPEAKER. This is a report from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and they were
authorized to make reports to-night with the
exception of the general pension law, which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Chanler]
insisted should be excepted.
Mr. ROSS. I did not know that they had
a right to report to raise the pay of employ6s
about tins Capitol.
The jomt resolution was read. It directs
the Clerk of the House to pay to the clerk of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions of the
House for the present Congress, commencing
therewith, the difference between his present
pay and the pay of the clerks of the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands and the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to this sub-
ject being brought up to-night.
Mr. MILLER. I demand 
Mr. MAYNARD. There is no use in multi-
plying words about it; I will not submit to it.
Mr. M ELLER. The gentleman will recol-
lect that he got through a similar resolution
for his committee. I demand the previous
question upon this resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I shall ask a divis-
ion of the House upon the question.
Mr. MILLER. Very well.
Mr. BROOMALL. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BROOMALL. My point of order is,
that this resolution contemplates taking money
out of the contingent fund of the House, which
cannot be done by a House resolution.
Mr. MILLER. This is a joint resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. It can be done only by
an act or joint resolution : the law is express
upon that subject. It can only be done by law,
except with the consent and approval of the
Committee on Accounts.
Mr. MILLER. This is a joint resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then I will only say
that it cannot pass to-night.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was hesitating
on this question only to ascertain whether it
was according to usage by a joint resolution to
order money to bo paid out of the contingent
; fund ofone House. But the Chair has no doubt
! that it can be done by law. This being a joint
! resolution, the Chair overrules the point of
order.
Mr. BROOMALL. As this is a joint reso-
lution, my point of order has no force. But I
object to its passage to-night, and will not suf-
fer it to be done without a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding the call of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Milleb] for the previous ques-
tion on the pending joint resolution.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 6, noes 11 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. ROSS. That is in conflict with the gen-
eral consent given to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions to report to-night.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the House shall now adjourn, to-morrow being
private bill day, this joint resolution will come
up for consideration again immediately after
the reading of the Journal, it being of a private
nature.
The question was upon the motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of the
widow and children of Charles T. Hiltibiddle,
deceased, private company M, first regiment of
Missouri engineers, for a pension.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of R. B.
Forbes, W. H. Aspinwall, A. A. Low and
Brothers, L. W. Jerome and others, owners of
the steamer Meteor, praying for indemnity
for losses sustained by them in consequence ot
the seizure and detention of said steamer by the
United States upon false and frivolous accusa-
tions, though upon a supposed public necessity,
and that an investigation into the facts of the
case may be had for this purpose.
By Mr. DRIGGS : The petition of Hon. E.
S. Quegalls, of Menomonee, Michigan, and 66
others, praying Congress for an additional
appropriation of land to complete the Sturgeon
Bay ship-canal.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : The petition of 0.
N. Sage and 200 others, citizens of Cincin-
nati, praying that the Constitution may be so
amended as to recognize Almighty God as the
source of all authority and power.
By Mr. LAPLIN : The remonstrance of Tifft
Brothers and others, citizens of Little Falls,
New Yeck, against the imposition of additional
duties on steel.
By Mr. MOORHEAD : Two petitions from
450 citizens of Pittsburg and the county of
Alleghany, Pennsylvania, praying that meas-
ures be adopted to amend the Constitution so
as to acknowledge Almighty God as the source
of all power.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of men drafted
into the service of the United States and who
served until the expiration of the rebellion,
asking that they may receive the additional
bounty which was paid volunteers under the
act ot Congress approved July 28, 1866.
Also, a memorial of the professors and
students of the Jefferson Medical College of
Philadelphia, asking for the passage of the bill
now pending for the reorganization of the
medical corps of the Navy.
IN SENATE.
Fp.iday, February 12, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, presented
two petitions of citizens of Ohio, praying for
such an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will fully acknowledge the
obligations of the Christian religion ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. WILSON presented four petitions of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying that suffrage
be granted to women in the District of Colum-
bia and in the Territories: which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented three petitions
of citizens of Ohio, praying for such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully acknowledge the obligations of the
