1868.
THEE • GONGRBSBIONAT/
don<3 by -iwaiumoua consent. Is there any
objection*? :
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to. „
message ltho-m hie iiocsis.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Cunton I40XD, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the- House had passed the bill
(S. No. 700) for the relief of Joseph Moore-
head.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also' announced that, the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; and
they were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore of the Senate :
A bill (H. II. No. 1555) to amend an act
entitled "'An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 18G8; and
A bill (II. R. No. 155(5) to relieve certain
persons of all political disabilities imposed by
(he fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
bills introduced.
Mr. "WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
719) relating to the judges of the Supreme
Court: which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 720) to reor-
ganize and increase the efficiency of the medi-
cal department of the Navy; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 721)
to establish certain post routes in the State of
Kansas ; which was read tvvice by its tide, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Itoads, and ordered to be printed.
light-houses on this pacific- coast.
Mr. CORBET i\ T offer the following reso-
lution :
Iiexolverl, That the President direct, tho Secretary
of the Treasury to detail an officer to select such
prominent points upon the coasts ot Oregon, Wa^h-
in^ton Territory, and AUelta, as in his judgment
may be necessary for lisht-house purposes, in view
of the faturo commercial necessity of the Pacific
coasr, and to reserve the same tor exclusive use of
the United States.
I ask for the present consideration of this
resolution. It is a matter of great importance
that such points should be set aside before they
are taken up bv settlers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it a resolution of in-
quiry ?
Mr. CORBETT. It is a Senate resolution
requesting the President to direct the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to detail an officer for the
purpose mentioned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How can the Senate
direct, that ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon asks for the present consider-
ation of the resolution. It requires unanimous
consent.
- Mr. EDMUNDS. It was, I think, generally
understood on Saturday that we should not do
any business to-day except the mere introduc-
tion of petitions, bills, and things of that kind,
and therefore, without the slightest objection
to or knowledge of the proposition of the
Senator from Oregon, I think it is not right
toward those who are absent upon that under-
standing, and who may be interested in every-
thing that we take up, that we should take any
action to-day. Upon that ground I object.
Mr. POMEROY. There are valuable spots
on the Pacilic coast that ought to be taken
possession of for light house purposes before
thev are squatted' upon.
Mr. EDilUNDS. They will not be squatted
upon before the 1st of January.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution goes over, under the
rule.
tub metmc system. "■ • , -
Mt. SUMNER submitted thefo-llowing reso-
lution ; which was 'considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jletolveil, That the Soerctary of the Treasury bo
requested, to report to the Senate what has been done
iu puisuauco of joint resolution of July 27. X8t>6,,
authorizing.and directingthoSeci-etaryof the Treas-
ury to furnish to each Sl ate one set of the standard
weights and measures of the metric system for the
use of the States, respectively.
Mr. SUMNER also submitted the following
resolution; which was. considered by .unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, ThatthoPostmasterSeneral be requested
to report to the Senate what lias been done in pur-
suance of tho act of July 27,1866. authorizing and
directing the Postmaster Genera! to furnish to certain
post offices postal balances denominated in grams of
the metric system.
committee on tiib tackic railroad.
Mr. RICE. I desire to call up the resolu-
tion that 1 submitted a few days ago, to add
two members to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. I then stated the reason for it to
be that in the organization of that committee
the South was not represented. The southern
States are now represented here, and have
some important bills before that committee that
need their attention, and I know of no very
good reason for not adding some representa-
tives from the southern States to that com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up the resolution
indicated by him. It will be read fefcinform-
ation. \
The Chief Clerk read the resoluwap, *a/
follows:
J!n.r>tved, That the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road bo increased by adding two members thereto.
Mr. EDMUNDS. At the risk of making
myself obnoxious I must, on the understand-
ing we had on Saturday, object to that resolu-
tion. It is certainly a matter of importance.
I have not the least objection to the pioposition,
I wish the Senator from Arkansas to under-
stand ; but a great many members went away
on Saturday with the explicit understanding,
as I understood it, that nothing buttheroutine
business of the morning hour, the introduction
of petitions and bills, should be done to-day."
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about such an understanding on Saturday. I
never heard of it, and I was here all day
Saturday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had such an under-
standing, and it so appears in the Globe.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am not a party to any
such understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that you
are.
Mr. RICE. At the suggestion of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont I allowed this
resolution to lie over on two different occasions,
waiting for the arrival of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and it was
agreed between the chairman and myself that
it should be taken up this morning, and I have
called it up in obedience to that understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS, if that was the under-
standing I withdraw ray objection, and let the
chairman of the committee take the responsi-
bility as to that.
Tfie PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the resolution is before the
Senate, and the question is on agreeing to it.
Mr. WARNER. I think a glance at the
constitution of the committee, as printed, will
satisfy every Senator of the propriety of adding
two additional members to it. It will be seen
that the committee is constituted entirely of
Senators from one section of the country. A
large section of the country which is now rep-
resented on this floor has a very vital interest
in this subject of the Pacific railroad, and it is
but just and right that their interests should
be regarded in the constitution of such an im-
portant committee.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course it is a matter,
perhaps, of no great importance to the present
members of :6hat comroittee-whether their, nunr*
ber shall be increased or not. I rise merely
to make a statement. That committee is.itie
of the standing committees, of the Senate, and
now consists of nine members, which .is th<j
greatest number belonging, to any one of the
standing committees of the Senate"; the other
standing committees' consisting of seven or
five members. The question appears-to be
rather one of utility than otherwise." It is for
the Senate to determine whether the -business
that properly belongs to that committee w-iil
probably be expedited by increasing.the num-
ber from nine to eleven. \Ye all know that a
committee may be too numerous aswell as too
few. I have no further remark upon the sub-
ject to make except this, that I fear the in-
crease of the number would render the com-
mittee too unwieldy and perhaps less efficient
than it is already. It is for the Senate, how-
ever, to determine the question.-
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, in my
judgment the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road ought to be increased during this.session
by the addition of two members. Tho reason
given by the Senators from. Arkansas and Ala-
bama, that the southern States are not repre-
sented on this committee and that they have
interests in the Pacific railroad, is conclusive to
my mind that they should be represented on
the committee, especially as the committee is
the rejjfesentative mainly of local interests.
The^fresent constitution of the committee is
manifestly unjust, because it excludes the in-
terest represented by them from consideration
by the committee. My own impression, how-
ever, is that this increase ought not to be of a
permanent character, and I think if the Sena-
tor will modify his resolution" so as to allow the
increaso only for this session therc^wiil be;Kut
little objection to it. At the next session the
committees will naturally be reorganized. Per-
haps it could not be done now at the beginning
of this session. At the next session the com-
mittee by reorganization might be reduced.
Some of the present members will not be mem-
bers of tho nest Congress, and there will be no
difficulty, probably, in reducing the number of
the present Pacific Railroad Committee to nine
members and yet giving every section of the
country a fair representation upon it. Proba-
bly by confining the increase to this session it
will compel the reorganization of the Pacific
Railroad Committee, which I think ought to be
done, at the next session.
Mr. RICE. I have no objection to that
modification.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made.
Mr. CORBETT. I am in favor of the increase
of this committee to eleven members, and when
such an increase is mads I think the southern
States ought to be represented on the commit-
tee, and also the northern portion of the Pacific
coast. There is no one upon that committee
representing the interest of the Northern Pacific
railroad upon the Pacific const, its termination;
and I trust that, when the committee is increased
the South will be represented, and also the
northern portion of that section of the country
which 1 have the honor in part to represent.
Mr. WILSON, lnreplyto the Senator from
Oregon I wish to say that it seems to me that
section of the country is pretty well represented
on this committee. The chairman of the com-
mittee is the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. How*-
abd.] Then I find on the committee Mr. Sheb-
majf from Ohio, Mr. Coxness from California,
Mr. IlAMSEYfrotn Minnesota,Mr. Stewart from
Nevada, Mr. Ham-as from Iowa, and Mr.
Drake from Missouri. I should think that part
of the world was pretty well represented on
this committee now.
Mr. CORBETT. I spoke only of the North-
ern Pacific road, which is located some seven
hundred and fifty or eight hundred miles north
of San Francisco. The present representatives
of the Pacific coast on the committee is upon _
the Central road as now constructed—Nevada
and California—but Oregon, "Washington Ter-
ritory, Puget sound, and that portion of ,tha
