1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Christian religion ; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMEliON presented ten petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
Siates as will fully acknowledge the obliga-
tions of the Christian religion; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to grant a pen-
sion to Miss Mary McGinnis, of Carlisle, for
her heroic conduct at the time that city was in
danger ofbeingsurrenderedto the rebel forces;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
George Sibbald, praying an amendment to the
patent laws, so that inventors will not be re-
quired to furnish a model on their application
for letters-patent; which was referred 4o the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. CONKLING presented apetition of citi-
zens of the State of New York, praying for
such an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States as will fully acknowledge the
obligations of the Christian religiou ; which
w as referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a petition of
members of the Legislature of South Carolina,
praying for aid to the Sisters of Mercy in
Charleston, South Carolina, in rebuilding an
orphan asylum; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
John McAllister, praying that American regis-
ters be granted to the barks Niagara and
Cecelia, Canadian-built vessels; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLE Y,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Lorenzo
Thomas, jr., and Henry C. Thomas, asking for
compensation for losses sustained by them in
the conversion to the use of the Union army
of properly owned by them at Arlington, Vir-
ginia, submitted a report, accompanied by a
joint resolution (S. II. No. '222) for the relief
of Lorenzo Thomas, jr., and Henry C. Thomas.
The joint resolution was read and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain James
Kelly, thirty-fourth United States infantry,
praying pay as captain of the United States
Army, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 923) for the relief of Captain
James Kelly. The bill was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ellen Simms, of
Baltimore, Maryland, for the bounty due her
nephew, York Williams, company £>, thirty-
eighth colored troops, reported a bill (S. No.
924) for the relief of Ellen Simms ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 881) for the relief
of Isabella C. Youngs, wife of Theophiius
Youngs, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Cram, pray-
ing an extension of the patent for ail improve-
ment in the towel-stand and clothes-horse, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Christian Sharp,
praying an extension of his patent for a breech-
loading rifle, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
1 acific Railroad, reported a joint resolution
(S. It. No. 223) granting the consent of Con-
gress provided for in section ten of the act
incorporating the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, approved July 2, 1864; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Innance, to whom was, referred the memorial
of merchants and importers of New York city
in relation to the appraisement of merchandise,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration; wlrch was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 797) to amend a,nd consolidate
the several acts establishing and relating to a
Metropolitan police of the District of Colum-
bia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. VICKBRS, from t.he Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (S. No.
925) to incorporate sundry churches, religious
societies, and congregations in the District of
Columbia; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1758) to incorporate the Ma-
sonic Mutual Relief Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations-, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. l738) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending 30th June, 1870, have instructed
me to report it back with sundry amendments.
I give notice that on Monday next I shall ask
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
this bill.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 558) to extend the limits of certain
land grants in Iowa and Minnesota, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 892) amendatory
of certain acts of Congress granting lands to
the States of Iowa and Minnesota to aid in the
construction of railroads, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
709) to provide for the better administration
of justice in the Territories of the United
States, reported it with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 92G) to provide for the enrollment and
license of certain foreign vessels ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 927) to encourage and facilitate telegraphic
communication with Europe; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a bill substantially
on that subject which has been reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and is
now on the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let this go to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. I move
to refer it to that committee.
„The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 928) to incorporate and aid in the con-
struction of the Texas Pacific railroad ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
IT. IV. CORCORAN.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Jlesohed, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia, in the investigation oi the matter involved
in the joint resolution of the Housso of Represent*!-
tives, No. 413, entitled "Joint resolution in relation
to lands and other property of W. \V. Corcoran, m
ihe District of Columbia, used by the United States
daring and since the war of the rebellion," retened
to said committcc January 19,18G9, be authorised to
send for persons and pilfers.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that Saturday of
this week, after the morning hour, be set apart
for the consideration of business pertaining
to the District of Columbia. I wish to say in
that connection that the business has accu-
mulated ; that there are a number of bills on
the Calendar reported by the Committee on
the District of Columbia and several from the
Committee on the Judiciary that pertain to
the District, and, I think, one or two from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
It is manifest that we shall not get the atten-
tion of the Senate to this business unless we set
apart a few hours for that purpose specially.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
not make an order that will prevent us from
completing the currency bill. Whatever the
Senate intend to do on that subject it ought to
be disposed of, and the Senate should settle at
once whether it intends .to act upon that bill.
Any interposition of other business now in the
place of that would be regarded by me and no
doubt by the Senate as a defeat of all action
on the currency bill. I have no objection to
the District business being made a special
order for one day next week, but I desire
to-morrow for the currency bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I will change my
motion, and move that Monday next be set
apart for business relating to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to my
friend, the Senator from Ohio, that if the
Committee on the District of Columbia has
not an early opportunity for the consideration
of some fifteen or twenty bills that it has re-
ported during the last eighteen months I may
say they must fall, they cannot be sent to the
other House in season to be acted upon. Now,
it seems to me that Saturday is almost the last
day when we can act upon this business with
any hope of securing the action of the other
House. If we do not. get to-morrow for the
consideration of our District bills I do not
know that any reasonable portion of them can
be considered during this session. My friend,
the chairman of the committee, will pardoume
for interfering.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much obliged to
the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. Being associated with him
on the committee, I thought it my duty to bear
my testimony.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very manifest that
the currency bill can only be disposed of by
sitting it out. If it is allowed to be postponed
much longer it will be substantially postponed
to the next session. Whenever the Senate is
prepared to postpone that question until the
next session it ought to dismiss the bill from
consideration ; but if it is the opinion of a
majority of the Senate that we ought to take
some action in regard to the currency, I think,
having the subject before us and having partly
debated it, we ought to go on and finish it,
and then take up other business. I, for one,
shall object to anything that will interfere with
the disposition of the currency bill until a
majority of the Senate decide that they will
not act on the subject at this session.
Mr. IIARLAN. If it be more agreeable to
the Senator from Ohio and to the Senate to
amend the motion so as to say Monday, I will
substitute that day for Saturday.
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has already given
notice that he will call up the Indian appro-
priation bill on Monday.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I ask that the sense
of the Senate may be taken on my motion.
Mr. GRIMES. For a great many years the
Committee on the District of Columbia have
asked for and have obtained two days in eacli
session to attend to their business. I think
they have made a very modest request now in
asking tor only one ; and I have no doubt we
shall get rid of the financial bill, if we have a
mind to do so, by making long-winded speeches
for future generations.
Mr. SHERMAN, I hope this proposed
