1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
special order will not- be made. If we intend
tofinish' this currency bill let us finish it now.
1 am willing tp stay here to-night and have a
night session, in order to finish the currency
hill, if desired. If Senators will stay with me,
T will sit that out to-night; bu:. I hope no
special order will be interposed to prevent
action on that subject.
: The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
that to-morrow, after the morning hour, be set
apart for the consideration of the business of
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMONDS. I rise merely to make
the inquiry, whether if this motion be agreed
to in the form stated by the Chair it will over-
ride the unfinished business, whatever it may
be, of to-night?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair, if the Senate does set
that time apart for the consideration of that
business, that business alone can be taken up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, is it not in viola-
tion of the standing rules, in effect; and does
it not therefore require a day's notice?
Mr. SHERMAN. It requires a two-thirds
vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is merely to n„ke
a special order; but the unfinished business
overrides a special order, and it must be an
order of the Senate t.o change the rule which
regulates the disposition of business. If it is,
it is certainly a temporary modification of the
rule that would not be an order without unan-
imous consent to day.
Mr. MORTON. I think the Senate ought to
continue the consideration of the currency bill
until it is disposed of, and then I think there is
a great deal of business here of much greater
importance to the country than the business of
the District of Columbia that ought to have a
day for its consideration in preference to that.
There are a great many bills here of import-
ance to the country that cannot be considered
if we shall set apart a day for the business of
the District of Columbia. That has had its
chance along with everything else, and I think
has had its reasonable share. For one, I am
not in favor of setting apart a day at this late
period of the session for that business.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe from time im-
memorial it has been the habit of the Senate,
as the session drew to a close, to set apart at
least one day, sometimes more than that, for
the consideration of the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and that is founded on the
fact that Congress, under the Constitution of
the United States, has exclusive jurisdiction
over the District.. Now, sir, if we are not ready
to attend to this business we ought in some
way to abdicate. An amendment should be
brought in to the Constitution taking from Con-
gress its exclusive jurisdiction, or Congress, if
possible, should by legislation transfer it to'
some other quarter. But now itexists; and if
we do not legislate there is no power that can.
Mr. WILLEY. I think we shall save time
in the long run by setting apart a day or two
for the consideration of private bills. Every
day we spend more or less time in attempts
and in resisting attempts to get up private bills,
and if we continue it at the same rate we shall
spend uselessly more time than the length of a
whole day in the attemptto take up private bills
and in resisting the attempt to take up private
bills. There is the Committee on Claims ;
there is the Committee on Patents ; there is the
District of Columbia Committee ; all having
matters of local concern under consideration ;
and it had better be understood now, I think,
either that some day shall be set apart for the
consideration of business coming from those
committees, or that no such time will he al-
lowed in order to save time in vain attempts to
take up bills of th's character. If the cur-
rency bill now pending is a matter of such pub-
lie importance that it cannot be postponed, I
suggest to the Senator from Iowa to fix some
day further off which shall be wholly appropri-
ated, first, to the consideration of business com-
ing from his committee ; next, business coming
from the Committee on Claims; and third and
last, to bu-iness coming from the committee o'f
which I have the honor to be chairman. But
it is evident we must have some time set apart
for the consideration of the business of those
committees, if it is to be considered at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on setting apart to-morrow, after the
morning hour, for the consideration of bills
reported by the Committee on the District of
Columbia; and on that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. FERRY. I hope that to-morrow will,
in accordance with.the motion, be set apart
for the business of the District of Columbia.
I know, from a small portion of that business
which has been before the committee of which
I am a member, the absolute necessity of some
attention by Congress to the interests of this
District. We are bound by the Constitution to
legislate for the District. The condition of the
District and of this city to-day is a disgrace to
our civilization, and it is so because we neg-
lect the duty which the Constitution imposes
upon us. I hope that, the motion will prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to state that
the currency bill and a bill in regard to banks,
and one other bill that will excite but little
debate, have been pressed by me daily since
their report by the Committee on Finance.
They are all public measures in which we have
not any more interest than any other members
of the Senate. I see no possibility, in the pres-
ent condition of the public business, of acting
on the currency bill unless we dispose of it
now. If the Senate is willing to sit here to-
night to dispose of that bill—for 1 think the
general debate will not go on much longer—
we can probably get through with it. I do not
wish to interfere with other business; but until
that bill is disposed of I hope the Senate will
not make special orders of merely local business,
and thus crowd out measures that concern every
citizen of the United States alike. Therefore,
I move to amend the motion by inserting
"Thursday next" for "to-morrow," and if on
any day before that the Senate can take the
time I am perfectly willing to devote it to the
District business; but I do not think we ought
to make these public measures of universal
importance give way to the merely local busi-
ness of the District.
Air. SUMNER. I wish the Senate to con-
sider that if the District business is postponed
till next Thursday it is practically postponed
till the next session.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore. It is moved
to amend the motion proposing to set apart
Saturday for the District business by substi-
tuting Thursday next. The question is on the
amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the original motion, setting apart
Saturday for the District business.
Mr. DAVIS. I have always been a friend
to this unrepresented District, and I was grati-
fied that the honorable Senator from Iowa made
a motion to consider business that pertains to
the interests of this District. His motion h£s,
however, met with a support that excites some-
thing of my suspicion, because the movement
from that direction has generally been some
mischievous interference with the rights and the
interests of this District; but nevertheless I
am willing to trust the District and its inter-
ests to tlie particular and special superintend-
ence of the honorable Senator from Iowa and
the friends of the District generally in the Sen-
ate, and I shali support his motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the resolution by inserting Tuesday next
instead of to-morrow. It is manifest to the
Senate that when we begin one subject and
leave it unfinished and take up another, we
make no progress. Tuesday will be early
enough to accomplish all the business for the
District of Columbia and still leave time to
dispose of the measure under present consider-
ation.
The PRESIDENT^w-o tempore.. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The question being put, the ayes were 14
and the noes 19 ; no quorum, voting.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Iowa that instead of to-morrov?
lie accept Monday. That will leave to-day and
to-morrow for the Committee on Finance, and
during th ese days they will probably get through
with their business.
Mr. Grill MJE3. But the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has given notice
that he will call up the Indian, appropriation
bill on Monday.
Mr. HARLAN. I will observe to my hon-
orable friend from Indiana that the chairman
of th& Committee oil Appropriations expects
to call up a very important appropriation bill
on Monday morning, and that will then neces-
sarily, judging from the previous action of the
Senate, cut out all other business; and as a
member and chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, I am not willing to
defer the, business of the District until it will
be practically impossible to transact it. I ob-
served, when I was on the floor before, that
there are somewhat important bills pertaining
to the District in charge of other committees
as well its the Committee on the District of
Columbia. Tue Judiciary Committee have re-
ported two or three bills pertaining to the Di&-
trict; and I understand that the Committee
on PubiicBuildingsandUroundshave reported
several bills of great importance to the people
of this District that ought to be considered at
an early day. I hope, therefore, the Senate
will give us Saturday. In the course of two
or three hours I shall hope that the more im-
portant portion of the District bills may be
disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have on my desk
twenty-one bills of the Committee on Com-
merce, sotne of them bills of considerable im-
portance, not leading to the expenditure but
to the saving of money to the 'Treasury. I
hope to get through with many of these bills
to-day, and that the Senator from Ohio will
get through with his bill by to-morrow night.
I think the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations will give way on Monday, and that
we may in that way finish the business from
all these committees without antagonism, and
I appeal to my friend from Iowa to accept
Monday. Yv'e will stand by him oil Monday.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will appeal
to the chairman of the Committee ou Appro-
priations. and get his consent, I have no per-
sonal objection to Monday; hut I understand
that tke chairman of that committee has given
notice to the Senate that he will call upau im-
portant bili on Monday morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I con-
sider it my duty, as having charge of some
business of a public character, to say to the
Senate, while these arrangements are being
made, that the Committee on the Judiciary
have reported a number of bills at the present
session of Congress which are of public im-
portance. I do not know that any ot them are
of any private importance, and I have no other
interest in them than that which pertains to
the public in general. The committee has been
a little scrupulous in reporting bills. The
great majority of tie bills from that committee
have been reported adversely, but there are
some that have been reported favorably, which
ought to pass.
There is one very important bill, involving a
reorganization to some extent of the judicial
svstem of the United States, the object of
which is to supply circuit courts, and espe-
cially in the lately reconstructed States, where
it is very important there should be circuit
judges to enforce the laws ; perhaps no more
important question could come up. 1 desire
to call up that bill. It has been reported
favorably. There are a number of other bills
which the public service requires should he
