1868.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
would state to the gentleman from Ohio that
it is a matter of record on the Journal. The
Journal is in the Clerk's office, but will be sent
for if tlie gentleman from Ohio desires it.
Mr. SPALDING. I understood the Chair
to say that no business can be transacted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is the
order of the House made on Wednesday.
Mr. MULLINS. It was my understanding
clearly tkat no business was to be done to-day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That was the
order of the House, but, after that order was
made, by . unanimous consent, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] was author-
ized to make a report to be recommitted and
{u-itited.
Mr. CULLO M. I understand that that order
was proposed; but failed to be adopted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was
adopted.
Mr. McKEE. I merely want to make one
remark in reference to the order of the House.
I do not wish, of course, to differ from the
Speaker pro tempore, but in regard to that
agreement on Thursday last I remember very
distinctly that. I myself objected to the general
consent asked for, and insisted upon that
objection. I was appealed to by a dozen gen-
tlemen around me to withdraw it, and declined
to do so. I was very much astonished on the
succeeding morning to find it entered on the
Journal that the order had been made. It was
stated in all the reports in the public journals
and in the Associated Press dispatches that
objection was made, and I want to state now
that I objected at the time and refused to with-
draw the objection.
The SPEAKER^ro tempore. It is a mat-
ter about which the Chair has no knowledge
except from the Journal. The Chair is in-
formed that the Speaker understood the gen-
tleraau from Kentucky to withdraw his objec-
tion, and so announced; and the order was
entered on the Journal, and the Journal was
not corrected.
Mr. McKEE. That is true. I notified the
Speaker, however, on the following morning
that I intended to rise and make the correc-
tion, but the announcement of the death of
Mr. Stevens prevented me from doing so. I
merely make this statemeut in justification of
itiyse?;.
whisky frauds.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Under the unanimous
consent given in the House on Friday last I
present a report from the Committee on Re-
trenchment, and move that it be recommitted
to the committee and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WYCK. As the report contains
what I intended hereafter to embody in a
speech, 1 ask that it bo printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
cannot entertain that motion. It would involve
a vote of the House, and svould be business.
Mr. GETZ. if there is to be no further
business transacted I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at twelve o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House, in accordance with the concurrent reso-
lution, adjourned until Tuesday, January 5,
1-509.
ernment to grant financial aid to the Northern
Pacific railroad.
By Mr. FERRISS*. The petition of George
Courtenay and others, hacklers, praying for
an increase of duty on dressed flax.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of J. T.
Elliott and 13 others, of Michigan, praying for
the passage of Jenckes's civil'service bill, for
the reduction of current expenses of the Gov-
ernment, prohibition of subsidies, and such
legislation as will turn the balance of trade in
our favor.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The memorial of Nor-
man Wiand, in relation to amendments of the
steamboat law.
Also, the petition of C. Phelps, for pension
to the minor heirs of Dewitt C. Morton, forty-
first regiment Ohio volunteers.
By Mr. N IB LACK: The petition of Charles
Weierbacher & Co. and 55 others, of Boon-
ville, Indiana, praying for a modification of
the tax on tobacco and cigars.
By Mr. PETTIS: A petition of citizens of
Crawford county, Pennsylvania, forapost route
from Shaw's Landing to Custard's, a distance
of live miles, all iu Crawford county.
Also, a letter of Colonel J. Patton Lyon and
citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, for a
daily mail route from Parker's Station, on the
Alleghany Valley railroad, to Carlsville, in
Clarion county.
Also, a communication in relation to paving
Pennsylvania avenue with Smith's patent con-
crete pavement.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: A petition of dealers in
tobacco, cigars, and snuff, residing in Nicholas-
ville, Jessamine county, Kentucky, praying for
the repeal of portions of sections seventy-eight
and ninety-one of the act of July 20, 1868,
itnposiug taxes on distilled spirits, tobacco,
IN SENATE.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition signed by
Hon. J. C. Conkling and several others, citi-
zens of Springfield, Illinois, asking the Gov-
TuesdaY, January 5, 1869.
Prayer by I!ev. 13. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Monday, December 21, 18C8,
was read and approved.
Hon. Alexander McDonald, of Arkansas,
appeared in his seat to-day.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of December 14,1808, a statement
iu relation to the number of troops employed
in connection with Indian hostilities and in
protecting the Missouri river traffic and the
Union Pacific railroad; which was referred to
tbe.'Commiuee on Military Affairs, and ordered
Vfbe printed.
.He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of July
10, 1868, a description of the Presidio reser-
vation, including Black Point, lying upon the
bay of San Francisco ; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, recommending the pas-
sage of a joint resolution to drop from the
rolls of the Army Second Lieutenants Daniel
Hitchcock, fifth regiment of cavalry, and Wil-
liam G. Macltev, twenty-ninth regiment of
infantry, for desertion ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of December 21, 18G8, information in relation
to the reports of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and its branches; which was referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, submitting an appro-
priation required for medallions of U. S. Grant,
Presidcntof the United States, for distribution
to Indian tribes; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before theSenatea letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, asking the au-
thority of Congress to select lands for half-
breeds of the Sac and Fox Indians, whose al-
lotments were erroneously sold by the Indian
office; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to,a
deficiency in the appropriation for pay of the
commissioners appointed under the treaty of
April 28, 1866, with the Choctaw.and Chick*-:
saw Indians, and communicating an estimate
for the same; which was referred to tlie.Com-;
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a- tetter ot
the Secretary of the Interior, communtesfiiiig
information iu relation to the destitute eondi-*
tion of the Kansas tribe of Indians, and asking:
an appropriation for their relief; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs^
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, relative to the
removal of a certain band of Creek Indians
from the Cherokee nation to their own coun-
try ; which was referred to the Committee 0:t
Indian Affairs,
revenue report.
The PRESIDENT ^?-® tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating the annual report
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue:
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer, in connection
with that document, a resolution to print it,
which will go to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, Tb:tl there bo printed for the use of tho
Senate ten thousand copies of ths report of th©
Special Commissioner of the Revenue, with the ap-
pendices, complete.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
territorial laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the secretary of New
Mexico, communicating a copy of the laws of
that 'Territory, passed at the session of the
Legislature in 18(38, and also a copy of the
journals; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
petitions and memorials,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
tlie petition of W. W. Webb, of Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of political disabilities imposed
upon him by acts of Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of H. H.
Moore and Thomas R. Roach, of Vicksburg,
Mississippi, minors during the late war, pray-
ing the removal of political disabilities incurred
during such minority; wbieh was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of George E.
Grisham, of Jonesborough. Tennessee, pray-
ing to be allowed pay as captain of company I,
eighth Tennessee cavalry volunteers, from Sep-
tember 5, 1863. to April 21, 1861; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affturs.
He also presented the petition of H. Ogler
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I offer the
petition of Hungarians, citizens of the United
Slates, praying for the establishment of a
United States consulate general at Buda-Pesth.
In this petition they set forth reasons for our
having a consul general there. The reasons
certainly are very strong, and refer to the pres-
ent condition of Hungary and the importance
of opening business relations with Hungary.
1 will say, in presenting the petition, that I have
my doubts whether there is an occasion for
what the petitioners ask for—a consul general;
but I do think that we ought to have a consul
there. I move the reference of the petition to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
professors and students of Lincoln University,
Oxford, Pennsylvania, praying for ail amend-
ment to the Constitution which will secure td
all citizens c-qital political rights; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. _
■He also presented the petition of the Uni-
versity of Virginia, praying for tbs remission
