168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
of duties on certain apparatus, &c., for which
the university has sent to Europe; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying Congress to propose a
constitutional amendment which shall secure
political rights to all citizens independently of
race or color; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also piesented a petition of citizens of
the United States living in Louisiana, praying
for an amendment to the Constitution to secure
to all citizens equal political rights: which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of William
Wood, of Macon,Georgia, prayingto beallowed
a pension as heir and assignee of his mother-
in-law; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting held on the 11th day of December,
18G8, in the city of Columbus. Georgia, signed
by J. S. Powell, chairman, and Robert Battey,
secretary, setting forth the terrible state of
affairs in Georgia, submitted to Congress in
the nature of a petition ; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART presented a petition of citi-
zens of Augusta, in the State of Georgia, pray-
ing for relief against violations of the recon-
struction acts of Congress in that State, and for
security of life and property; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
Andrew Stewart, of Steubenville, Jefferson
county, Ohio, praying that certain provisions
of the laws of New Mexico which prevent the
collection of a judgment he has recovered
against a citizen of that. Territory bo annulled ;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. WILSON presented tho petition of Oils
Elemennay, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referied to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a petition of pensioners
and inmates of the national asylum at Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, praying the repeal of an
act giving to the managers of the asylum the
power to collect and manage all pensions due
to the inmates; which was referred to the Com-
mit tee on Pensions.
Mr. PATTERSON, of' fennessec, presented
the petition of John Davis, o( Madison, Noilli
Carolina, praying that he may be granted a
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
William Rose, praying to be allowed compen-
sation for expenses incurred in raising a i egi-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY. I present also a petition
from various citizens of tho United States, in
which they ask that Congress will pass the
civil service bill, a new tax law, reduce the
expenses in all departments, and decrease the
proportion of costly officers in the Army and
Navy; and also that the Indian Bureau be
put under theWar Department; that all lands
acquired by treaties from the Indians may be
sold at public land offices ; that no more sub-
sidies be granted to railroads; to stop the use-
less appropriations for custom-houses and hos-
pitals ; for the adoption of such measures as
in the wisdom_ of Congress may be deemed
just. This petition seems appropriate enough
to go to any of the committees; I move that it
be referred to the Committeeon Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of citizens
of California, praying that there may be no
further legislation in relation to the public
lands jn township seven, south of range one,
west of the Mount Diablo meridian in that State:
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present a joint resolu-
tion, passed by the Legislature of the State of
Vermont, on th$ subject, of public lauds;
which I ask may be read and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Joint resolution concerning grants of tile public
lands of tile United States,
AYhereas the Government of tho United States
has from time to time granted large tracts of valu-
able land to various and almost all of the western
and southern States, for the purposes of aiding edu-
cation or internal improvements iu those States;
and whereas the State of Vermont, although at all
times fully and completely domg her duty to the
United States, has in only one instance been the
recipient of such bounty ai,d favor trom the United
States: Tiieretore
Rmolvcd by the Senate and flou/ieof Representative*,
That our Senators and Representatives in Congiess
are hereby requeued to u^o their best endeavors to
procure trom tiie Government of the United States
such grants of unappropriated public lands, for the
aid and advancement of education and for tho pro-
motion of internal improvements in the State of
Vermont, as will be just and equitable.
Resolved, That tho Secretary ot Suitobe, and is
hereby, directed to transmit an authenticated copy
of these resolutions to eaen Senator and Represent-
ative for Vermont in the Congress of the United
States.
GEORGE W. GRAN3DEY,
Speaker of the. llon^e of Representatives.
STiiFHEN TllOMAS,
I'l esident o> the Senate.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of R.
II. Eiddiek, of Suffolk, Nanseuiond county,
Virginia, praying for relief from disabilities
under the reconstruction acts and the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of tbe
United States; which was leferred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
lie also presented the petition of Wash-
ington L. Jiiddick, of Suffolk, Nanseuiond
county, Virginia, praying for relief from dis-
abilities under the reconstruction acts and tbe
cousiitul ional amendment; which was referred
to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
He also piesenled the petition of Peter
1'. Prentis, ol Nans'unond county, Virginia,
piajing for relief from disabilities arising un-
der tbe reconstruction acts of Congress and
the fourteenth amendment, to the Constitution
of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on tbe Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying that, aid be granted
for the speedy construction of the Northern
Pacific railroad; which was icfeired to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
A M N h8 i' 1' proclamation.
Mr. FERRY. I offer the following resoi
tion:
h'efiohei/. That tho President of tho United States
bo re<iueM,cd to tnuiMnit to the Senate a copy of any
procl.i ma tion of ainnesfymade by llim since tllo last
adjournment of Cnnffress; and also to communicate
to the Senate by what authority ol law the same was
made.
Mr. President, in introducing this resolution,
I wish to say that while I approve the act of
amnesty which purports to have been made by
the recent proclamation of tbe President of
the United States, 1 at the same time entertain
serious doubts as to the authority of tho exec-
utive department to make such proclamation of
general amnesty; and in order that a precedent
may not be made which hereafter shall be un-
safe, and that an authoritative exposition of
the law relative to proclamations of general
amnesty in our system may be made for the
future guidance of the Government, I desire to
obtain a copy of the proclamation and a state-
ment of the authority upon which it ha3 been
made by the Executive, for the purpose of re-
ferring the document to the Judiciary Com-
mittee and receiving a report thereon. I ask
for the present consideration of the resolution.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to inquire of
the Senator from Connecticut whether the
proclamation to which his resolution refers
does or does not rest upon the confiscation
act, so ealled, of 1802? If so, I suppose that
has been repealed.
Mr. FEItRY. 1 have a copy of the procla-
mation before me, which purports to proclaim
and declare "full pardon and amnesty for the
offense of treason against tbe United States,
or ot adhering to their enemies during the late
civil war, with the restoration of all rights)
privileges, and immunities, under the Consti-
tution, and laws which have been made in pur-
suance thereof." This proclamation purports
to have been made "by virtue of tbe power
and authority in me"—that is, the President—
" vested by the Constitution and in the name
of the sovereign people of the United States,"
I doubt, myself, any power of the executive
department to issue a proclamation of that
kind to be effectual.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 am very glad that the
Senator from Connecticut.has called the atten-
tion of' the Senate to this subject. I entirely
concur with him as to the importance ana
gravity of the question thus presented, and [
hope the committee to whom this resolution will
be referred—1 suppose it will be the Judiciary
Committee—will make a very thorough 
Mr. FERUY. This is a call on the Presi-
dent for information, and upon the reply of tile
President, that, I suppose, will be referred to
the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall take some
step to satisfy ourselves in tbe first place, for
that is perhaps most important., and the coun-
try as to the legal right of the President of the
United States to issue such a proclamation,
founded, as it appears to be. solely upon the
language of the Constitution itself, it has
become rather important, I apprehend, that
the people of the United States should under-
stand whether or not the Executive of the Uni-
ted States has a dispensing power; whether he
can, after tho commission of an offense such
as treason, or murder, or whatever it may be,
by a proclamation, or by anything else in the
form of a pardon, take away from the ordinary
courts ol' the country jurisdiction to try and
punish such offense or offenses. For one, sir,
I am very free to say that I do not believe that
be possesses any such authotity. and that the
authority which lie has here attempted to exer-
cise is entirely unwarranted by the Constitution
of the United States. It seems to have been
a sqm of Christmas present to the recent presi-
t of the confederate States of America and
hj£ confederates. I hope this body will make
thorough and careful investigation of this
'great question, and that we shall endeavor to
settle it at least in our own minds, for it is one
of great gravity and importance.
Mr. FUELINGJIUYSEN. I suppose the
question is more important as a question fixing
the powers of the Government than as to its
results upon the persons whom it is intended
to benefit by this proclamation. I am glad the
subject has been stirred up, for I think it very
important. 1 do not find in .the Constitution
any power given to the President to grant an
amnesty at all. The word is not used in the
Constitution. The Constitution does author-
ize the President to grant pardons in cases of
offenses. Now, what.an offense is is theques-
tion. ^ By the law of England, inasmuch as the
king is the sovereign and the offense is com-
mitted against the sovereign, I think the cases
show that he lias a right to grant pardons
before conviction. That has been very much
questioned in this country. I think in a case
in the State of New York Governor Seward
refused to exorcise that power until there had
been a conviction. But the casein this coun-
try is not only different from the cases in Eng-
land, inasmuch as the Executive here does not
represent the sovereign. The suit is not "The
I resident of the United States against A B,"
as it is "The king against A. B.K Therefore
the whole subject, inasmuch as it affects the
principles of our Government rather than be-
cause it is^ proposed to pardon those whom
perhaps it is too late to punish, ought to be
investigated.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am
neither disposed nor prepared to discuss this
subject now, but I wish to make a remaik sug-
gested by the observations oftbe honorable Ssn-
