1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. FIELDS. I have only to say that this
report was indorsed by a majority of the Com-
mittee on Accounts*
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint reso-
lution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 596) granting a pension
to Mary A. Davis, widow of William P. Davis,
a private in the regiment of Indiana vol-
unteers in the war of 1861; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 468) authoriz-
ing the Union Pacific Railway Company, east-
ern division, to change its name to the Kan-
sas Pacific Railway Company.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, also reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 167) granting lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction of a
military wagon-road from the navigable waters
of Coos bay to Roseburg, in said State ;
An act (S. No. 228) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 264) for the relief of Henry
C. Noyes;
An act (S. No. 584) relating to the time for
finding indictments in the courts of the United
States in the late rebel States ;
An act (S. No. 612) relating to the proof of
wills in the District of Columbia ;
An act (S. No. 661) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel John W. Davidson, of the
United States Army ;
An act (S. No. 665) respecting the organiza-
tion of militia in the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana,
and Arkansas;
An act (S. No. 679) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road
from Eugene City to the eastern boundary of
said State;"
An act (8. No. 705) further to provide for
giving effect to the treaty stipulations between
this and foreign Governments;
An act (S. No. 711) relating to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company;
An act (S. No. 712) to define the fees of
recorder of deeds, and to provide for the ap-
pointment of warden of the jail in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 722) to amend an act entitled
'' An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," by extending certain penalties to
accessories ;
An act (S. No. 753) to provide for the exe-
cution of judgments in capital cases ;
An act (S. No. 760) for the relief of Rev.
D. Hillhouse Buel;
An act(S. No. 781) for the relief of Alpheus
C. Gallahue ;
An act (S. No. 810) to regulate elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories;
An act (S. No. 836) for the relief of Celestra
P. Hartt;
An act (S. No. 844) for the relief of Captain
Charles Hunter, United States Navy;
An act (S. No. 862) amendatory of the aet
providing for the sale of the arsenal grounds
at St. Louis and Liberty, Missouri, and for
other purposes, approved July 25, 1868:
An act (S. No. 891) for the relief of George
Fowler and the estate of De Grasse Fowler,
deceased, or their assigns ; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 200) reappointing
Louis Agassiz a regent of the Smithsonian
Institution.
deficiency Sill.
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield the floor for a
moment to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to take up from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency appro-
priation bill, for the purpose of moving to non-
concur in the same and ask for a conference.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask for the read-
ing of the amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOMALL. I cannot yield for that.
message from the senate.
A message from, the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that that body had
agreed to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
217) for printing the Medical and Surgical His-
tory of the Rebellion!
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 178) tendering sympathy to
the people of Spain.
furniture of the capitol,
Mr. BROOMALL. I report from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, the five members of the
committee concurring in the same, the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds to examine
from time to time the furniture and oarpeting of the
Hall, committee-rooms, corridors, and other apart-
ments under the control of the House of Represent-
atives, and to direct the Clerk by resolution to fur-
nish and refurnish the same whenever it shall be
necessary; and no such furnishing or refurnishing,
except ordinary repairs not exceeding $100 in any
one room or apartment in any single year, shall bo
done by the Clerk without such resolution. All
accounts for furnishing and refurnishing made under
the direction of this resolution, when presented to
the Committee of Accounts for approval, shall be
accompanied by a copy of the resolution directing
the same.
According to the practice heretofore there
has been no action required either of the House
or of any committee for the purpose of author-
izing the Clerk to refurnish the committee-
rooms and Hall of the House. It has been
felt for a long time to be a practice liable
to great abuse. The present Clerk has called
the attention of our committee to the matter.
What the committee propose is this: not as
heretofore to let the Clerk take the initiative in
the absence of Congress in repairing and refur-
nishing the Hall and the committee-rooms,
but to require the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds to examine every case where
it is said repairs and refurnishing are required,
and to pass a resolution, if the committee believe
it necessary, requiringthe Clerkto haveitdone,
and that that resolution shall accompany the
vouchers to the Committee on Accounts for
approval. This will bring the matter under the
direction of two committees, one in advance
and the other afterward, instead of only a
single one as now. At present the only check
upon the Clerk is the Committee on Accounts
in the after approval, when it is too late to
make objection without involving the com-
mittee and the Clerk is a great deal of trouble.
This will obviate all that difficulty. I have no
doubt the five members of the committee will
aid in passing this resolution. I yield five
minutes to my colleague on the committee.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I think something of
this kind is very proper and necessary. As a
member of the Committee on Accounts I have
been called upon on several occasions to ap-
prove bills which I had great doubt about. I
understand that the Clerk of the House is made
the agent of the House and that he has power,
without first obtaining the sanction of the
House, to make these purchases. In pursuance
of that power he has made contracts and has
paid bills, and the question which came before
the Committee on Accounts was whether we
ought to pass bills' after the Clerk had con-
tracted the debt and paid the money. Believing
that he was the agent of Congress to make these
contracts I believed it would be acting in bad
faith not to sanction the bills which he had paid,
and therefore I gave my consent to this resolu-
tion.
There has been, however, some inconsistency
in this matter. The other day an account -was
passed giving to one contestant for a seat in
this House, Mr. Switzler, of Missouri, $5,000.
On the same day, I believe, when that resolu-
tion passed another resolution was passed giv-
ing to John D. Young, of Kentucky, $2,509.
The Committee on Accounts passed the $5,000
and refused to give John D. Young the $2,509,
and based their action upon the fact that the
Clerk had paid the $5,000.
We want some legislation upon this subject.
No money can be drawn from the contingent
fund of the House without the approval of the
Committee on Accounts; but when that power
was conferred on the Committee on Accounts
by Congress, Congress never had an idea that
the Committee on Accounts would refuse to
sanction the payment of money which had been
voted by a resolution of the House. I take
the ground that when the House adopts a reso-
lution of that kind appropriating money it is
the duty of the Committee on Accounts to pass
the account. I repeat that I think some legis-
lation, such as is indicated in that resolution,
ought to be passed.
Mr. ECKLEY. I rise to a question of order.
I make the point of order that this resolution
is no part of the report of the committee. The
report does not conclude by recommending its
adoption.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on
the motion to reconsider. That question of
order does not arise until the motion to recon-
sider is disposed of.
Mr. ECKLEY. Then the resolution is not
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not be-
fore the House.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to have this
matter understood by the House before the
motion to reconsider is put; and for thatreason
I send up a joint resolution in relation to the
pay of the Sergeant-at-Arms and ask to have
it read for information, and then I will ex-
plain it.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that from and after its passage the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the House of Representatives, in
lieu of all fees and mileage for summoning and
procuring the attendance of witnesses before
the committees of the House and the attend-
ance of members upon a call of the House,
shall be reimbursed the actual and necessary
expenses incurred in rendering the service, to
be allowed by the Committee on Accounts and
paid by the Clerk upon the presentation of
vouchers sworn to by the persons performing
the service and the certificate of the committee
directing the services to be performed, or by
the Clerk when the services are performed by
the direction of the House.
Mr. DRIGGS. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman has moved to suspend the rules
in order to make a report.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was recom-
mitted.
Mr. DRIGGS. Well, pending that motion,
he offers a series of resolutions and proceeds
to discuss them preliminarily to the vote being
taken on the motion to reconsider. I submit
that that is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has a right to have the resolution read
as a part of his remarks on the motion to re-
consider, which is debatable.
Mr. BROOMALL. It will be obvious that
that resolution points directly to a way of re-
forming a special abuse.
Mr. DRIGGS. I am in favor of the reso-
lution.
Mr. BROOMALL. According to the prac-
tice as it now is, and according to the law, the
Sergeant-at-Arms is allowed ten cents per mile
circular for summoning a witness from any
point in the United States. To get a witness
from New York by this process costs the Gov-
ernment about fifty dollars. To get one from San
Francisco costs the Government $1,360. Now,
