1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
enacted into laws, and I do hope that there
may be some opportunity to call them up. I
do not wish to enter into this struggle this
morning, but it comes up this way every day.
There are one or two bills, as has been stated
by the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which pertain to matters in
this District of a public character, which I
think ought to be passed, and that was the
opinion of the Judiciary Committee.
I make this statement that the Senate may
know that if the whole time is to be taken up
in such discussions here many matters of pub-
lic importance will have to go by. I do not
wish to object to the motion, and perhaps the
best way is to give a day to the District of
Columbia business.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont. There was no quorum voting before.
The Chair will put the question again. The
question is to amend the motion by substitut-
ing "Tuesday next" instead of " Saturday of
this week."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
in regard to the amendment this much: that
if the Senate indulge me on Monday, I hope
to take up the Indian appropriation bill, and
I greatly fear, if that bill shall come up on
Monday, it will extend into Tuesday ; and I
hope no assignment will be made which may
interrupt the progress of that bill when once
up. I take occasion to remark now that it is
near the close of the session, and we are very
much behind with the appropriation bills.
Mr. GRIMES. Not behind the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We are not
behind the House; we are in advancc, but the
ordinary bills, thoseof most consequence, have
not yet come to the Senate. We shall be very
much in arrears if we do not act with the ut-
most promptitude hero when the bills come to
us. I hope, therefore, no assignment will be
made for Tuesday.
Mr. COLE. It strikes me that the legisla-
tion upon the District of Columbia is the least
important of any that comes before Congress.
It relate only to a little speck upon the coun-
try, and I suppose it might well be disposed
of some evening. I would amend the motion
if in order, therefore, by setting apart Monday
evening for the consideration of District busi-
ness.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not in order now.
Mr. COLE. If this present amendment falls
I will move that amendment.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. I move now to substitute Mon-
day evening at seven o'clock for "Saturday,"
and that on that day we take a recess from four
o'clock until seven.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate has just been
informed by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations that on Monday he expects
to call up a very important bill, a bill that
always excites discussion, which ought not to
pass without the fullest and freest discussion,
and he fears that it will go over until Tuesday,
so as to consume not only Monday but Tues-
day. I have no assurance from the chairman
of that committee that he would yield even
Monday evening for the business of the District.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not hesi-
tate to say that if the Senate assign Monday
evening for District business I shall not inter-
fere with it so far as I am concerned.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well, then ; I will
agree to Monday evening.
. 1 PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
i^he amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion as atnended.
^ The motion, as amended, was agreed to. So
it was
Ordered-, That on Monday next, the 15th instant
theSenate will taiiearecess fromfour o'clock to seven
o'clock p. ra., and that the evening session be set
apart for the consideration of business pertaining to
the District of Columbia.
MARGARET DOYLE.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 626, which was before the Senate
a few days ago.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
626) for the relief of Margaret Doyle.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read in
extenso, as it is short.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
amendment pending which will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. When the bill was last
under consideration the following amendment
was proposed by Mr. Coxkling: after the word
" as " in the sixteenth line strike out the words
" may seem to him just and equitable " and
insert " would be due according to law if the
case were one between individuals so that, if
so amended, the clause will read :
And the said Secretary may award to said assignee
such sum of money, not to exceed £8,320 in coin, or
its equivalent in currency, as would be due according
to law if the case wore one between individuals.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
Mr. HARLAN subsequently moved to re-
consider the vote on the passage of the bill,
and the motion was entered.
ocean mail steamships.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, Mr. President, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of Senate joint resolution No. 186, declara-
tory and amendatory of the act entitled "An
act to provide for an American line of mail
and emigrant passenger steamships between
New York and one or moie European ports,"
passed July 27, 1868.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am opposed to taking
up that resolution. I think it should be exam-
ined by the Senate. I am not satisfied that it
ought to pass ; and I had intended with some
care to examine it before it should be called up
again, but the committees of which I am a
member have been in session every day since
it was called up before, so that it has been
impossible for me to do so. It is that sort of
measure that ought not to be considered in the
morning hour. It proposes important aid by
the Government in the construction of ships to
navigate the ocean, and I think it ought not to
be considered in this hasty way.
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg to assure the Senator
that he has entirely misunderstood the charac-
ter of this resolution. It is not a new piece of
legislation. Itis amendatory of the legislation
of last year. The only new feature is simply
giving this company a new period of time,
another year, after entering into coutract with
the Postmaster General to carry the mails to
Europe, to execute the contract and build the
ships. In consequence of the objection of the
Postmaster General last year their vear is about
expiring. Then I assure the Senator and the
Senate that there is no guarantee of interest,
no subsidy, nothing of that kind in this reso-
lution. This company simply receives the sea
postages to the extent of $400,000. When
they trench upon the land postages they are
limited to $400,000, and the ultimatum that
they can ever get is $600,000, and that they do
not get unless they perform the postal service,
unless they carry the mails.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
if they do not got bonds from the Government,
payable out of the result of the postages?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir; they do not get
bonds from the Government. They issue their
own bonds and simply file them in the office of
the Postmaster General.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend this ques-
tion : is not this an exclusive contract, which
binds the Government for a period of years to
pay the proceeds of the postages to this par-
ticular company, excluding everybody else ?
And to that extent we are bound to pay this
money to the bondholders.
Mr. RAMSEY. What they earn, no more ;
just as you now pay to English, French, and
German lines.
Mr. SHERMAN. Butitis tobe an exclusive
contract with them, and we cannot make a
contract with any other persons for carrying
the mails.
Mr. RAMSEY. If they carry all your mails
they are bound to build first-class American
ships; they are bound to receive from three
to five hundred naval apprentices on board
their vessels; and all that you get in consider-
ation of allowing them to carry the mails instead
of, as at present, allowing French, English,
and German vessels the exclusive control ot
our ocean mails.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand there is an
objection to the taking up of this resolution.
I therefore propose to take up Senate bill No.
735, for the purpose of putting $100,000 into
the Treasury of the United States, with regard
to preserving the fur-bearing animals of Alaska,
and for leasing the islands.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must be
aware that one objection does not defeat the
motion to take up this resolution.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood there was
an objection, and one objection carries it over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
supposes the morning business to be through
with at this time. The morning hour has not
expired; but the business of that hour has
been gone through with. Consequently the
motion is in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course I object to the
proposition of the Senator from Oregon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the joint resolution men-
tioned by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The resolution that
the Senator from Minnesota proposes to take
up and consider is not of that inconsiderable
importance that he seems to think. It is a
proposition, as I understand it, to give the
carrying of the mails to a particular line of
vessels, the vessels hereafter to be constructed
with the aid of the Government, and there are
certain bonds to be issued, and the Postmaster
General is to pay the interest on those bonds.
Now, I understand that very favorable arrange-
ments have already been made and contracts
entered into by the Postmaster General from
which a revenue is realized to the Government
from the ocean postage. I do not believe that
we shall ever realize any revenue to the Treas-
ury from this arrangement. On the contrary,
when it is commenced, under one pretext or
another, my impression is, though I have not
had time to examine it thoroughly, that it will
become a serious burden upon the Treasury.
It is enough to know that it proposes to give
a monopoly of the carrying of the mails to a
company that has not a single keel upon the
waters or a single sail in the winds.
Mr. GRIMES. And will not have any until
they have $30,000,000 of bonds issued under
the law now in force.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And they do not pro-
pose to commence until they get the assurance
of the Government of the United States. The
Government at one time undertook an enter-
prise of this sort. It undertook to foster the
Collins line of steamers, and that Collins line
was a failure; and it was but last week that
the Senate passed a bill, which I had the honor
to report from the Naval Committee, to re-
quire the closing up by the Secretary of the
Navy of a lien which the Government holds
upon some vessel for advances made to the
Collins line. That is the result of that experi-
ment of fifteen years ago. We are closing it
up now and trying to get back the costs of a
trust for moneys advanced.
I think that this resolu:ion ought not to be
considered in the morning hour ; but that it
ought to be taken up when the Senate can
deliberately consider it. It is a proposed
