1869.
Tffl, (DONG-JUOiiJB.
169
ator frotn.New Jersey. Tthiftfe in recent-years in
England it lias never been-insisted, that-the king
had a right by general-proclamation-, BQiaitiiit-
ing nobody butapplyjngtj'o everybody suspected
ol certain species ot crime, to.exera'ise what the
Senator fro in Mlcjiigati calls ad ispensiug powt-r.
Yet the assertion of such" a povver is" implied
by the proclamation of tliePresiiienf; he insists,
not that lie* has a -right to pardon or reprieve
A B, or to forego his-punishment,-he being1
charged but not convicted of-an offense; ign6r-
ing-individuals and instances he assumes to
dispense amnesty to communities. The power
thus^ insisted on is very broad and very high,
in England such acts have been in 'modern
times embodied in public laws, in acts of Par-
liament alone. Such great dispensations have
been claimed by the British people as their owti
prerogative—a prerogative above the Crown.
If the President has this authority it resides
ill the Constitution of the United States. It
is conveycd in familiar words—words oft re-
peated in other constitutions and laws. The
Governor of the State Of New York, for in-
stance, has, I think, the same power, conveyed
ill identical words. To illustrate, then: under
words like these, construed by the President,
the Governor of the State of New Yoik may
not only pardon A B, C D, and E P, cul-
piits charged but not convicted of offense, but
lie may pioclaim or ordain or enact that all
persons whatsoever at the lime suspected of
murder, arson, treason, and- burglary be for-
ever invested with immunity from punishment.
If such a power resides in.tlie Executive of
the State of New York under equivalent terms
it has never, 1 think, dawned upon the imagina-
tion or speculation of any human being. On
the contrary, if in time of-peace, executing his
civil and executive functions alone, the Execu-
tive of that State had ventured upon such a
proposition, I think I am not mistaken in
supposing it would have shocked the public
judgment and the public sense.
The argument is not that the President of
the United States, as Commander-in-Chief, or
in any other capacity during a war, may make
terms with public enemies or military offenders;
but that in time of peace, as to any ielony what-
soever, murder on the high seas, rifling the
mails, or the other acts denounced as crimes
in the national jurisprudence, he may iuierpose
in no case in paiticular, but in all cases in
general, withuut in any way individualizing
tiiem by a public act or edict, in effect by a.
public law of amnesty, and forego and forever
bar all prosecutions l'or past offenses.
As I said, 1 do not wish to di&cuss the ques-
tion now. I rose lor the purpose of calling the
attention of the honorable Senator from New
Jersey to the fact that the act of the President
is a step in advance of the ground referred to
by him us held in England or in this country.
The inquiry is not whether the Executive
has power to pardon before conviction m one
case or in any number of individual cases, it
is a question, far in advance of that, far wider
than that. Such a power must be spelled out
by a process more extended and difficult than
that resorted to in establishing the right by
pardou to outrun the conviction of a eulprit,
or of any number of culprits treated as indi-
viduals.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I should
not engage iti this discussion or express any
opinion whatever on the question it Senators
had been content to ask lor the information
without going into the discussion ; but on this
subject nothing is more clear than that it has
been expressly decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States that under the clause in
the Constitution which gives the President the
power to grant reprieves and pardons for
offenses against the United States, except in
cases of impeachment, the President has the
power, at any time after the offense has been
committed, before legal proceedings are taken
or during their pendency, as well as after
judgment and conviction, to grant pardon by
general proclamation; and that this benign
pserogattve-of clemency which-the-Constitution
of the- UnfttecE" States has reposed in the Presi-
dent, and in which the President does repre-
sent' il|$,M>vei*>ig" people of the United States,
cannot'bg limited by Congress or subjected by
Congress.to'.airy restrictions whatever.'
.Sjr.-CONKLXNG. In what case was that
deeide*!?' }
Mr.'DOQLITTL®.* I refer to the decision;
6f the" Supreme Court in the case of Garland,
where the court held clearly and unequivocally
that by general proclamation' .the President
could pardon offenses.
_ Sir, it is premature to enter on a general
discussion of this question, but I did not think
itright that the matter should leave the Senate
and go out to the country with the expression
of the opinion of Senators that there was some
doubt as to the power of the President. I
shall not, go into the discussion at length nor
take up any further time. I simply state the
lact of the decision. I have sent lor the vol-
ume containing the decision in Garland's case,
and there is one other case which came before
the couit prior to that, where the principle to
which I have referred was expressly decided.
In Garland's case Mr. Jus'iee Field, deliver-
ing the opinion of the court, uses language
which, 1 think, I quote almost verbatim, if not
entire, wherein he says, speaking for the court,
that this is a power which may be exercised at
any time before legal proceedings are taken,
or during their pendency, as well as after judg-
ment and conviction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator that that was decided by the Su-
preme Court years ago. It has been the prac-
tice of the country for fifty years to pardon
before conviction as well as after.
Mr. FERRY and others. There is no
question of that.
Mr. DOOLIITLE. I supposed so. There
is no question, Senators say, that the President
may, before any legal proceedings are taken,
grant reprieve or pardon, and that he may
during their pendency grant it as well as after
judgment and conviction. And if the President
has power to doit before legal proceedings are
taken, what is the objection to his stating in a
general proclamation that he grants reprieve
and pardon to those who have been engaged
in a given offense?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatisanother question.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to make an
inquiry of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin. Does he stale that in the Garland
ca,-e, or any other case of which he knows, he
understands that the Supreme Court has said
that the President may do this thing of which
we are speaking; that is, by general proclama-
tion dispense to persons not named what the
Senator from Michigan called an indulgence?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The case arisingin ihe
Supremo Court was, I think, a case which arose
under just such a general proclamation. The
man was not pardoned by name; he was
pardoned under a general proclamation of
amnesty.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator say
that the Supreme Court decided this question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Nobody raised this
question. It is a mere question of form. It
is "sticking in the .bark." If the President
lias the power to pardon every man who has
been guilty of an offense, he can name those
men one by one, or in general words he can
say, ''I pardou them ali." Is it to be sup
posed that in the exercise of a constitutional
power, where the Constitution gives the Presi-
dent the power without any limitation and the
courts say expressly' in their opinion that Con-
gress has no authority to limit it—is it to be
supposed that the mere form of exercising it
makes any difference? It is a power reposed
ill the President, and reposed in the President
by the Constitution, and the Constitution is
just as much-above Congress as it is above the
President; and when the Constitution has re-
posed in the President this power it is not for
Congress to usurp the right to limit it when it
is given unlimited by thoGonstituuio-ftv There
is-bat -one-restriction upoil-it,,and that is- with
reference to cases of-inipea-eh-tnent. v •
Mr. FERRY-, I should -like to askthe-Sen-
atoi a single question. The .proclamation.'-de*
clares a full pardon and amnesty. > Does the
Senator from Wisconsin make any 'distinctiob
between a pardon and an amne'sty i - ■. .
Mr. DU0L1TTLE. ■*! conceive that the
word "reprieve" and the wor<l- "pard<m"
contained in the Constitution Site the words
which will cover all that is meant by the wor4
"amnesty."
Mr. FERRY.' There,I differ from the Sea-
8>tor entirely
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But if the President
has power to pardon all persons who have
been engaged, in a common offense, suppose
six have been engaged in it, is it necessary
that he should name those six in the paper-
writing by which he extends to theia their par-
don, or may he say that he pardons all those
persons who were engaged iu that offense ?
What is the difference? There is no difference
in effect. True, the Supreme Court did.not
decide tbat precise question, for nobody raised
that question in the court; nobody thought of
raising it. It is too immaterial a question
whether the men be named by name itichard
Roe, John Doe, and John Jones, who have
been engaged in the commission of an offense,
or whether the President says in general lan-
guage, "I pardon the men who were engaged
in that offense, and all the men who were en-
gaged in it-." Itmakes no difference whatever.
If the power is in him to do itif he has ex-
pressed his intention to do it in a form which
can be understood by the plainest common
sense, it gives effect to it. , There is no ambi-
guity about it. - There is no .-doubt about the
meaning. - -
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to- be
drawn into a discussion which I deprecated in
the beginning, and 1 would not have expressed
these opinions on the subject but that 1 did not
desiie the opinions of other Senators which
have been expressed to go out without notice.
Mr. DAViS. Mr. President, I think the
resolution introduced by the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut a very proper one, and
I think that he very properly proposed the
direction which it should take, it seems to
me that the debate which has sprung up on it
is premature, and that Senators ought not to
have gone into the discussion of a question ol
so much moment and gravity without full re-
search and reflection. 1 will, however, make
one or two general remarks.
Everything that the President may do in Ihe
way of pardon or amuesty must be covered
by the words expressed in th£ Constitution.
If an amnesty is a different matter from what
those words in their literal meaning and
spirit were meant to comprehend, of course
the President has no power to grant general
amnesty.
I will remark, further, that the whole power
of reprieve, ami pardon, and amuesty, if you
please, is vested by the Constitution in the
Executive, the President of the United Slates,
aud that Congress has no authority under the
Constitution to exercise one particle of the
power of pardon, reprieve, and amnesty. If
"amnesty" is simply the synonym of "re-
prieve and pardon," the power of amnesty is
vested exclusively in the President ot the
United States. If it is not vested in him it
does not exist in our Government at all. All
the authority, all the power ol the Govern-
ment appertaining to that subject, is vested in
the President, and in the President alone, ac-
cording to my reading and understanding of
the Constitution.
The houorable Senator from New York, I
think, fails to illustrate this subjeet when he
speaks of the attempted exercise of the power
of amnesty or pardon before the offense is com-
mitted. Every man will concede that whether
the power may be exercised before or after trial
it cannot be exercised before the act of- crime;
