1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1121
policy in regard to our foreign postage system ;
and that is not a matter for the morning hour.
It is a matter for series debate. I do not under-
take to say that I shall not support it; but I
want an opportunity for a full discussion of
the resolution, such as cannot be had in the
morning hour. -
Mr. RAMSEY. This kind of tactics will
effectually destroy the measure and the enter-
prise of these gentleman, and continue the
ocean postal serviee in the hands of the Eng-
lish, the French, and the Germans. If the
Senate is determined to persist in this course
that consequence must follow. I thought it
was an aspiration of the American heart that
we should have our mails carried across the
ocean under our own flag. I hope the Senate
will go on with this measure.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator insist upon
talking out the morning hour ?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, I do not; and I do not
desire the Senator from Wisconsin to do so
Mr. HOWE. I will not talk at all; but the
Senator is notified th'at his measure cannot be
taken up during the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota, to take up for consideration the
joint resolution mentioned by him.
Mr. WHYTE. I desire to say to the Senator
from Minnesota that he cannot pass this joint
resolution before the morning hour expires;
and if the Senate desires to hear an argument
upon it, I propose to discuss it. It is aimed at
a line of steamships plying from the port of
Baltimore to Europe and carrying the United
States mail, and I propose, in defense of the
rights of other American citizens, to say some-
thing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that an American
line ?
Mr. WHYTE. Owned half in this country
and the other half in Europe.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Maryland under what
flag that line of steamships sails?
Mr. WHYTE. It sails under a foreign flag,
I admit 
Mr. NYE. I have a word or two to say if
the Senator is through.
Mr. WHYTE. I am not through, sir. I
propose to discuss the measure if it is going to
be taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope there will be no
discussion of the merits of the question on the
motion to take up. We have excluded that in
the rule particularly.
Mr. WHYTE. I only wish to notify the
Senate and the Senator who asks to take it up
that if he gets it up he cannot secure its pas-
sage before the morning hour expires. That
is all.
Mr. NYE. I submit to the Senate that that
is no reason why this joint resolution should
not be taken up. I recollect the bill of last
year. I have a very vivid recollection of it.
I advocated it with zeal if not with much effi-
ciency then. I was quite anxious then—and
my zeal in that respect has not at all abated—
to see a line of steamers cross the ocean carry-
ing our own flag. But it seems to be decreed
by some inscrutable providence, or at any rate
by some providence, that we are never again to
have an ocean fleet on the Atlantic ocean.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are violating the
rule, the last clause of rule eleven.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the joint resolution for
consideration.
Mr. NYE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say upon this
subject that I have been advised that there are
companies who propose to construct vessels
for this express purpose without imposing any
obligations or burdens on the Government;
and several bills, if lam not mistaken, have
been introduced with that view. It seema to
Die that before we proceed to organize a' eom-
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 71.
patty here that may depend upon the Govern-
ment for support, we ought to investigate the
other bills that are pending before the Senate,
so as to ascertain whether or not there can be
a company employed who will do this work
without any assistance from the Government.
Mr. THAYER. I do not suppose that the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, during the last ten months at
least, has expected to pass this bill before one
o'clock; but we could proceed with its consid-
eration and gain so much. Now, I have to say
that I have taken no interest in this measure.
I have not examined it; but from the sweeping
charges which have been made against it in
advance I am inclined to favor the taking up
and consideration of it. There are various
modes of attacking a bill and of attempting to
defeat a bill. You nay do it in advance by
making general declarations of monopoly, or
that it is an unjust bill, that it is going to take
a large amount of money from the Treasury.
This is all done in advance, I take it, with the
view of killing it in advance. I do not like
that mode of operation. I am inclined from
this fact at least to favor the bill. It is to take
from foreign steamships the carrying of our
mails, and it has that advantage in its favor ;
and when the Senator from Maryland rather
indicates by a threat that the bill cannot pass
this morning I am inclined to favor it some-
what at least.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] concluded his remarks by saying
that the time had come when we should de-
termine whether we should have ocean steam-
ers. There is something else, sir, that I want.
I want cheap ocean postage, and I cousider
that more important even than ocean steamers.
I wish to have a postage on the ocean as cheap
as that on the land; one that shall gratify the
family sentiments, the business necessities of
this country, and especially of the large foreign-
born population of the United States who have
a right to the protection of this Government
in securing for them that great boon of civili-
zation, a cheap communication with their
friends in Europe. Cheap ocean postage should
be the special desire and aim of our country
at this moment, and my course with regard to
the proposed line of steamers will be determ-
ined by its influence in securing that result.
I wish to know, therefore, of the chairman of
the committee who has this subject in charge,
whether the proposed line of steamers will
have a tendency to secure cheap ocean postage ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to
a question of order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I have said all
I wish to say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Nevada
asserts that I stopped him by the rule, and I
take equal pleasure m perfoiming my duty to-
ward the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. What rule
does the Senator from Vermont refer to ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The last clause of the
eleventh rule, which absolutely forbids debat-
ing the merits of a proposition on the question
of taking it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not know that the debate has been of
such a character that he could arrest it.
Mr. NYE. The only wonder is that the
Senator from Vermont did not find out his
point of order while the Senator from Mary-
land was discussing the question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the con-
sent of the Senator from Minnesota I move to
take up House bill No. 1906.
Mr. RAMSEY. I find it is impossible even
to take up the measure to which I have called
attention, as it is now one o'clock.
collection districts.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then I ask the
Senate to take up House bill No. 1906, which
has been drawn up by the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Commissioner of Customs,
changing a customs district in Maine and also
in New Jersey.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. IF there
be no objection, the bill referred to will be taken
up. There being no objection, the bill (H.
R. No. 1906) to establish the collection district
of Aroostook in the State Of Maine, and to
more accurately define the boundaries Off' the
district of Newark, New Jersey, is before til#
Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. There is one section in that
bill that I should like to examine before it is
passed. It was before the Committee oh Com-
merce yesterday and sent to the Secretary of
the Treasury. I do not know how it came here
this morning; but it is in relation to a district
connected with New York, and I should'like
to look into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that this bill was referred to the
Committee on Commerce and has not yet been
reported.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I thought it had
been reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
cannot now be considered.
Mr. MORGAN. The committee are not
ready to act on it yet.
river and iiallbor bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate. The Chair
at first was of opinion that the unfinished busi-
ness of the day's session yesterday was the
business now in order; but on inspection of
rule fifteen the Chair concludes that the busi-
ness pending at the adjournment last night is
the unfinished business, and that is the bill
making appropriations for the repair, preserva-
tion, and completion of certain public works,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is the construction
of the rule, I move that the unfinished business
be postponed, and that we go on with the cur
rency bill, in accordance with the understand-
ing of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; Icannotagree
to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed that was the
understanding;
Mr. CHANDLER. The understanding with
me was that when we took up the river and
harbor bill we would go on with it and finish
it. If it had been finished last night it would
have been all right; but there was no under-
standing, so far as I was concerned, that the
river and harbor bill should not be continued
until its final disposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senate will
not in matters of this kind violate the clear and
distinct understanding.
Mr. CHANDLER. If a night session is a
good thing, I will give way to let, the Senator
from Ohio move for a night session on his bill.
He has given notice that we must sit out that
bill before we can pass it, and we cannot sit it
out in the day time. I will therefore give way
for the Senator to make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no motion to make,
except to postpone the unfinished business and
take up the currency bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the floor, and will
finish what I have to say, if the Senator will
allow me to do so. It was distinctly under-
stood in the Senate yesterday, and the Globe
will show it, that the river and harbor bill was
only taken up as a matter of comity to the
Senator from Michigan, during the night ses-
sion, and that the currency bill was to be con-
sidered in the day session. That was the
understanding of the Senate. If it is the pur-
pose now not to go on with the currency bill,
not to allow the Senator from Indiana to make
his speech, that had better be decided by a
majority of the Senate, and thus have the bill'
disposed of. The mere accidental fact of the
river and harbor bill having been left unfin-
ished at last night's session ought not to dis-
place the currency bill.
Mr. MORTON. I had the floor yesterday
