1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1873
since the law was passed allowing the Sergeant-
at-Arms mileage, the telegraph has been estab-
lished, reaching every part of the country, and
the mail service has been greatly perfected.
By these means, and by a judicious use of
them, it will be rendered unnecessary in almost
all eases to summon witnesses at all. The
object of this resolution is to cut off that ex-
penditure, and to induce the committees and
the House to resort to the other means of pro-
curing the attendance of witnesses which I
have indicated. A willing witness will come
upon a telegraphic dispatch. An unwilling
one can be summoned for a very small sum
by sending subpenas by mail to some special
deputy in his neighborhood. I should think
at least $1,300 could be saved in this way on
each witness from San Francisco.
Let me say that what I say now is the result
of some experience upon investigating com-
mittees. And the practice which 1 have indi-
cated as that which should be established by
law has been the practice of investigating
committees upon which I have been, and it
has worked well. And I may say now that
the Sergeant-at-Arms has himself been instru-
mental in pointing out to the committee this
leak in the contingent fund of the House. I
would not have made this statement yesterday,
because it would have been improper to do so.
But the events which have since transpired
make it proper that I should do this justice to
our Sergeant-.at-Arms.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a suggestion ?
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] has had
large experience on thisCom mittee on Accounts.
Before he retires from Congress I think he
would do the country a service if he would
perfect and present along with his report a
bill to remedy some of the defects he has
pointed out. I would inquire if he has drafted
a bill providing for the service of process by
telegraph or mail? And would it not be well
to provide means for the appointment of agents
in different parts of the country to take depo-
sitions for the committees of Congress?
Mr. BROOMALL. In reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence ] I will state
that it was the intention of the Committee on
Accounts, at the commencement of the pres-
ent Congress, to prepare a bill and report it
to the House embodying a series of reforms
in this direction. But a joint eommittee was
appointed for the purpose of reorganizing the
official service of both Houses, and this mat-
ter with others was referred to them. No
report has been made from that committee,
and the Committee on Accounts has not had
time since it was ascertained that the other
eommittee would not report to prepare a bill
of the kind.
I am very much obliged to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] for his compli-
ment to the Committee on Accounts; and I
only trust the reforms began by the present
Committee on Accounts will be carricd out by
subsequent committees. I have no interest in
this matter other than that of a citizen of the
United States, for my period of enlistment will
expire when the Speaker's hammer falls at
noon to-morrow.
I have indicated the kinds of resolutions
referred to in the report, and I now ask the
House to reconsider the vote by which the
report was recommitted, in order that I may
bring these resolutions before the House. I
have referred to two of them; there are two
others to refer to which I -will not now take
the time of the House. I now call the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to reconsider was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
recommit.
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 now withdraw the
motion to recommit.
furnisiiino committee-rooms, etc.
Mr. BROOMALL. I report from the Com-
mittee on Accounts the resolution I send to
the Clerk's desk.
| The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds to examine
from time to time the furniture and carpeting ot tho
Hall, committee-rooms, corridors, and other apart-
ments under the control of the House of Representa-
tives, and to direct the Clerk by resolution to furnish
or refurnish tho same whenever it shall be necessary
and no such furnishing or refurnishing, except ordi-
nary repairs, not exceeding $100 to any one room or
apartment in any single year, shall be done by tho
Clerk without such resolution. All accounts for fur-
nishing or refurnishing made under tho direction of
this resolution when presented to the Committee on
Accounts for nppioval, shall be accompanied by a
copy of the resolution directing: the same.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call the previous que*;-
tion on this resolution, as it lias been discussed
sufficiently already.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
fees of sergeant-at-arms.
Mr. BROOMALL, from the Committee on
Accounts, reported a joint resolution (II. 11.
No. 473) relating to the fees of the Sergeaut-at-
Arms of the House of Representatives ; which
was read a firs', r.ni second time.
Tho (juestioi was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that from and after the passage of this
joint resolution the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House of Representatives, in lieu of the fees
and mileage lor summoning and procuring tho
attendance of witnesses before committees of
the House, and the attendance of members
upon a call of the House, shall be reimbursed
the actual and necessary expenses incurred in
renderingthe service, to be allowed by the Com-
mittee on Accounts, and paid by the Clerk upon
the presentation of vouchers sworn to by the
person or persons performing the service, and
certified by the committee directing tho service
or by the Clerk of the House of Representatives
when the services are performed by order of the
House.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, 1 believe
that is understood. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third lime; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of committee clerks.
Mr. BROOMALL. The Committee on Ac-
counts have directed me to report the follow-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the clerks of the several committees
of the House of "Representatives be paid out of the
contingent fund of the House each a sum sufficient
to make his pay during the Fortieth Congress, with
what he has already received, equal to six dollars
per diem for all the time actually and necessarily
employed in his official duties under the direction of
his committee: Provided, That the same be ascer-
tained and assessed by the Committee on Accounts
of the Fortieth Congress and reported to the House.
Mr. Speaker, as the House is impatient I
will not discuss this resolution, unless some
gentleman desires an explanation.
Mr. McCULLOUGrH. I wish to say a word
on this question. I am opposed to this resolu-
tion, and I will state my reasons. The Com-
mittee on Accounts, in carrying out the instruc-
tions of the resolution of the House referring
this subject to them, found it necessary to take
the testimony of the committee clerks; and I
say to the chairman of the committee that I
thought that testimony should have been re-
ported to the House. That testimony, which
the chairman has not seen fit to report, would
show that several committee clerks have never
|j performed one hour s actual service during the
ji session. I think I am entirely within bounds
i| when I s<ty this. Now, this resolution pro-
j vides that all these clerks shall be paid six dol-
j larsper diem while they are actually and neces-
' sarily engaged in the duties of their commit-
tees, although some of these clerks stated
before the committee, as the chairman knows,
that while they performed no duties they were
present at the meetings of the committee ; and
this will bo the argument with which they will
1 go before tho proper disbursing officer. In this
; way committee clerks who have never per-
: formed an hour's labor will get this six dollars
| per day, as much as will be received by other
eleiks who, as the testimony would show if it
; were reported to the House, have performed
' very lahoiions duties.
' Mr. SHELLABARGEli. 1 wish to ask the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McCullouuii]
a question. He has stated to the House that
several committees have clerks who have never
performed, during the entire Congress, one
hour's service. 1 wish him to state for the
information of the House what committees
those are.
Mr. McCQLLOUUH. I do not know. If
I had the testimony hern 1 could inform the
gentleman.
Mr. BROOMALL. I have the testimony
here if it is considered desirable that it should
be read.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. One of those com-
mittees is (he Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BROOMALL. No; I think the gen-
tleman is mistaken.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman is decidedly
mistaken about that.
Mr. SHELLABARCrER. Let the chairman
of the committee give the "country the benelit
of a statement as to which of these clerks have
not performed any service at all.
Mr. BROOMALL. I remember but one.
I do not know that I ought to name the com-
mittee. The House knows perfectly well which
of the committees are actually performing labor
and which are merely ornamental committees.
Mr. SCOFIELD. lean name one of these
committees. I am a member of a committee
that has its clerk, but the committee has never
had a meeting this session except once, when
it met jointly with the Senate committee, and
the clerk was present. I refer to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs. I do not know that this
is the only committee in the same position
with regard to the amount of work.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I understand this res-
olution—and I wish to know whether I under-
stand its purport correctly—it has been framed
with a view to meeting this very condition of
things. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. MoCullough] and his asso-
ciates upon the committee whether the resolu-
tion, if adopted, will be construed as allowing
these clerks six dollars a day at all events
from the beginning of this Congress or during
the days when their committees may have been
in session, or whether it contemplates leaving
it with I he Committee on Accounts to restrict
its benefits to those clerks who, as the testi-
mony shows, have rendered service, while this
compensation shall be withheld from those
whom the testimony shows to have rendered
no service? It seems to me this is a very im-
portant matter to be understood before we act
on the resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. Of course it is proposed
to allow this pay only to those who have ren-
dered service. The committee have here the
testimony on which, iu the course of two hours,
they would be able to report to the House
what would be eq uitable among all these clerks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call the gentleman to
order. The gentleman from Maryland yielded
to the gentleman from Tennessee, and not to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will finish in a sentence.
The resolution pays these clerks six dollars a
day. In the Senate committee clerks are paid
$7 20 a day all round. The evidence is all there,
but the Committee on Accounts will need it if
40'i'fl (Jo.VG. oD SE3
-No. 118.
