170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
aad therefore the argument drawn from that
supposed analogy of the honorable Senator
from New York 1 think has no application.
In relation to the point suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, whether a
pardon may be granted by the chief executive
^>flicer of the nation or of a State before trial
And after an offense is committed, I conceive
there cannot be a doubt. The power is exer-
;ised of pardoning before trial in most of the
States; and whether it should be exercised
before or after trial in my mind is more a
question of expediency than of power. The
only point upon which my mind at present feels
any hesitancy at all is the power of pardon by
■description without naming the individual or
individuals pardoned ; and upon that proposi-
tion 1 have not much doubt, but I am disposed
to concur in the opinions expressed by the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin.
Of the power of (he President to pardon for
a crime or an offense before the trial of the
jwirty who has committed the crime or offense
1 entertain no doubt; and I do not entertain
much doubt that where a particular crime has
been committed by a large number of individ-
uals, the President, by his proclamation, as
well as by his writ of pardon, naming individ-
ually each person who has committed the
olli'iise, may grant a pardon under the name
and phrase ot "pardon and amnesty." And
it' the terms used in the proclamation be of
such a characterascertainly tocomprehend and
include a large class of persons who have com-
mitted a particular offense, it is, Under our :
Government, a legitimate and constitutional
exercise of |>ower by the Executive.
But, Mr. President, 1 would have preferred
that this grave subject had been postponed in
i-fs discussion and examination until Senators
could come into the Chamber after mature
investigation and deliberation, fully prepared
to give the most considerate judgment upon so
important a question.
Air. CQNKL1NG. Mr. President, I concur
with the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
that this debate is premature, and I wish to
take to myself a full share of the not discourt-
eous censure which he visits upon it. Never-
theless I should not like to sit down under the
added weight of condemnation implied by the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doomtti.e.] If he is right in
all he told the Senate, a rude offense has been
committed by me in thrusting crude and un-
considered suggestions upon the attention of
the Senate.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin de-
nounces as those who "stick in the bark" all
such as think they see a grave distinction be-
tween tlw power to pardon A B charged with
a given offense, and the power to put forth a
<j<-neral sweeping act of condonation toward
all men collectively suspected or guilty of
.similar offenses. The men who have made
longland's history illustrious, according to the
Senator, stuck in the bark when they set up
great landmarks on the path ot constitutional
liberty. They deemed such distinctions as the
Senator disparages so grave that their argu-
ments and protests shook the British throne.
But wo are told that besides being trivial the
whole matter has been adjudicated by the Su-
preme Court, and so is not open to debate.
The Senator said the very question and all of
it had been passed upon in Garland's ease.
That was hisfirstdeclaration ; and when pressed
with inquiry he says the court did not decide
this precise question, because nobody raised it;
but the court did decide that the power of par-
don and reprieve was well exercised when a
general amnesty had been proclaimed naming
nobody. He said it was under such a procla°
motion of amnesty that Garland claimed immu-
nity. I have the case before me. Let us see
whether the Senator is right. I read from the
statement of facts :
"In July, 1865, Mr. Garland received from the ,,
IVc-idcnta pardon, by which the Chief Magistrate, !
renting that Mr,Garland 'by taking part in the late '■<
rebellion against the Government, had made himself
liable to heavy pains and penalties,' &c.,did thereby
" 'Grant to the said A. II. Garland a full pardon
and amnesty for all offenses by him committed, aris-
ing from participation, direct or implied, in the said
rebellion, conditioned as foll-ows: this pardon to
begin and take effect from the day on which the said
A. II. Garland shall take the oath prescribed,'" &c.
Thus the Senator will see that he is widely
mistaken in supposing that any such point as
this could have been in judgment. The simple
question was whether Garland, having taken
part, in adopting the ordinance of secession of
his State, and being disqualified by the statute
on account of that act, could be pardoned by
the President of the United States before he
had been judicially ascertained to be guilty.
What did the court say on that question ? Noth-
ing more than was conceded by the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey. Just what has
been said in England, and what was said by
the Supreme Court, in effect, long ago. The
opinion of the couit was delivered by Mr. Jus
tice Field, and this is the language as to the
power to grant pardons:
" The power thus conferred is unlimited, with tho
exception stated. It extends to every offenso known
to the law, and may bo exercised at any time after
its commission, either before legal proceedings are
taken or during their pendency, or after conviction
and judgment."
That is all that the case decided, all that
the case could have decided. Thus you see,
Mr. President, that no light has fallen upon
the question whether an Executive, of his own
motion, without a statute enabling him, may
put forth a public act of amnesty. I do not
mean, as the Senator from Kentucky seems to
suppose, to illustrate this by taking the case
of a pardon in advance of offenses not already
committed or charged. I made no such sug-
gestion. I agree with him that such an act of
pardon would present still other questions.
The point, I repeat again, is not whether the
President may pardon an individual or differ-
ent individuals charged with an offense or
offenses, but whether he may acquit all men
collectively and all communities charged with
offenses, and this by a public proclamation.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. In relation to the ease
referred to, that of Garland, I agree that a
pardon was granted to him by name. When
i was on the floor before I was under the
apprehension that he came in under the gen-
eral pardon which was granted to certain classes
of offenders. In that it seems that I was mis-
taken. But the language made use of by Mr.
Justice Field in delivering the opinion of the
court is almost verbatim what I repeated when
on the floor before, and I am not, therefore,
under the necessity of repeating it again. He
decides the point that the power of the Pres-
ident to pardon and grant reprieves, except
in cases of impeachment, is unlimited. The
Constitution does not say that he can grant a
pardon to A B by name, or C D by name, \
but that his power to grant pardon for an
offense against the laws of the United States is
unlimited. What is the offense here ? Treason
against the Government of the United States.
The President has the unlimited power to par-
don those who are guilty of it. If he has the
power to pardon one he has the power to par-
don two or six or one hundred or one thousand,
and lie can do it all in one act. By one act
of the executive will he can pardon a thou-
sand. All that the honorable Senator con-
tends for is this: that he must name them in
order to give effect to the pardon. Why, sir,
that is not necessary at all. If he has the
power to pardon a thousand men who have
been engaged in rebellion, he may name them,
it is true, but if he does not name them, but
uses general terms to pardon all who were
engaged in the late rebellion, of course "all"
embraces those who would be named.
Mr. President, I have no intention to take
up time nor to discuss this question prema-
turely ; but inasmuch as some Senators had
expressed such a decided opinion that this was
an unconstitutional exercise of power on the
part of the President I desired not to allow
this resolution to pass from the Senate without
expressing my opinion on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution,
The resolution was adopted.
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORTS.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Itesolved, That the Secretary of the Interior is
respectfully requested to communicate to the Senato
copies of the last annual reports oi the Union Pacific
Railroad Company and its several branches, requii ed
by the twentieth section of the act of July, 1S62; that,
he also communicate to the Senate copies of any
report or reports made to him, or now in his posses-
sion, from the Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company, and the
Southern Pacific Raihoad Company, and all reports
of engineers, superintendents, or other officers who
make, annually, reports to any of the three last-
named railroad companies.
FORTIFICATIONS AT LAWRENCE.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to trans-
mit to tho Senate such intormation as is furnished
by the files ot the War Department in relation to tho
erection ot iortificatious at Lawrence, Kansas, in
1864 and 1865.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 722) to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof,'' by extend-
ing certain penalties to accessories; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the reference of that
bill to the Committee on Finance. It might go
properly either to the Committee on Finance
or to the Committee on the Judiciary ; but
considering that the Finance Committee has
jurisdiction of the general subject I move its
reference to that committee, and that <it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
723) to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof;" which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 721) to declare the meaning of the first
section of an act entitled "An act in relation
.to the competency of witnesses, and for olher
purposes;" which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
ITe also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 72-5)
to regulate prosecutions under the laws of the
United States for embezzling, and kindred
offenses; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 726)
to authoi ize imprisonment with hard labor as a
punishment in certain cases ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by uuanitnous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 727)
to provide for the trial and punishment of
accessories to criminal offenses; which was
read twice by its^title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 728)
to repeal the act of February 28, 1803, pro-
hibiting the importation of certain persons into
certain States; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that bill be
