1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
afternoon on the currency bill, and at the sug-
gestion of several Senators I deferred speak-
ing until this morning. It was said that we
should have an evening session for the consid-
eration of the river and harbor bill, with the
distinct understanding that it was not to dis-
place the currency bill; and I yielded tho floor
with that understanding.
jlr. CHANDLER. That arrangement was
only for yesterday. But for it I should have
antagonized the river and harbor bill at one
o'clock yesterday against the currency bill,
and, I think, successfully; but there was an
understanding that for yesterday I was to
occupy ,the evening, and the Senator from
Ohio the day. If the currency bill is to be
ta,ken up to-day, I hope the order will be re-
versed, and that the day will be given to the
river and harbor bill and the evening to the
currency bill. I hope to be able to secure the
passage of the river and harbor bill, and sev-
eral other bills from the Committee on Com-
merce to-day.
Mr. MORTON. There can be no doubt
about what the understanding was.
' Mr. SHERMAN. I have here the Globe,
and will read to the Senator from Michigan
what he said yesterday,- and surely he will not
go. Uack on that:
." Mr. Cbandler. I gave notice yesterday that I
should antagonize the river and harbor bill against
this currency bill;, but if tho Senate will consent to
my having this evening, talcing a recess from half
past four o'clook until seven o'clock, and devoting
the evening to tho river and harbor bill, i will not
make that motion."
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly ; and I ex-
pected to occupy the time with ituntil it should
be passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator did not so
state. I move to postpone the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday and take up the currency bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. After the statement of
several Senators that they distinctly understood
that the currency bill was laid aside only for
last evening, I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will not persist in his opposition to this
motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will par-
don me; I intended to have the river and
harbor bill taken up yesterday, but I gave the
Committee on Finance yesterday, which I
claim belonged to me, for I have been a mouth
trying to get the river and harbor bill before
the body. There is no such understanding as
the Senator supposes. The Committee on
Finance have had their day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Although the Senator
from Michigan may not have understood it, yet
when so many Senators expressly state that
they understood that the currency bill was to
be continued to-day I feel that, the Senator
from Michigan had better yield. I think that
would be the best way of disposing of the
question.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER. On that motion 1 ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. DAVIS. I hope all the friends of the
river and harbor bill will stand to their ground.
Mr. MORTON. I am a friend to a part of
the river and harbor bill at least, but I know
what the understanding was when I yielded
the floor yesterday afternoon. I do not know
that it is good for anything; it does not seem
t°be;_ but a number of Senators here know
what it was. I had the floor, and yielded it
upon the express understanding, distinctly
stated, that the currency bill was not to be
displaced.
' TRUMBULL. I hope, after that state-
ment or the Senator from Indiana, that the
Senator from Michigan will give wav.
Mr.CHANDLER. _ I will do so if the Sen-
ate will agree to taking a recess from four
to seven o clock to-day, and eontinue the con-
sideration of the river and harbor bill this even-
ing. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
will be entertained if there be no objection.
The Chair hears no objection, and the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan, that the Senate take a recess from four
to seven o'clock p. m. to-day, for the purpose
of considering bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce at the evening session.
Mr. SHERMAN. It must be with the under-
standing that the currency bill shall not be
displaced.
The motion was agreed to.
THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 793) relating to the public debt and
the currency is before the Senate, and the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Mortos] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask the Senate, in order
to avoid just such a wrangle as this, to set
down the bill to amend the judicial system of the
United States as the special order for Wed ties-
day next? I say Wednesday, though Thurs-
day will do just as well; but I want to avoid a
wrangle. At some time that bill should be
considered.
Mr. SUMNER. T remind the Senator that
it will be liable to be surperseded by the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not, in the case
of a bill of such importance.
Mr. SUMNER, Under the rule the unfin-
ished business of the preceding day will take
precedence
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will run that risk. I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
allow me at this time to call up the bill (S. No.
784) to amend the judicial system of the United
States, for the purpose of making it tho special
order lor Wednesday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the motion, if there be no objec-
tion, and it will regard the bill as taken up ; and
the question now is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, that it be postponed to Wed-
nesday next and made the special order for
that day at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC DEBT AND CURRENCY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
793) in relation to the public debt and the cur-
rency.
Mr. MORTON addressed the Senate. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I now
offer the amendment which I submitted at the
time the bill was reported, which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment pro-
posed is to amend section three by adding
thereto the following proviso :
Provided, That not to exceed $2,000,000 of lawful
money shall bo converted into bondd as herein pro-
vided in any one month.
And also to strike out in section four the words
" at his discretion" and insert in lieu thereof
the words " and required ; " and also to strike
out in same section the nords " not exceeding "
and insert in lieu thereof the words " equal to."'
Mr. \V 1LLIAMS. I have hitherto contented
myself with the expression of my views upon
financial questions in the committee. I have
never presumed to address the Senate upon the
subject. I am not now prepared to make any
speech ; but I propose to make a few remarks
suggested by the address which has just been
delivered by the Senator from Indiana. He
has made a raking fire at this bill and its
amendments. He seems to be just as much
opposed to those amendments, which are in-
tended to obviate the difficulties which he finds
in the main bill, as he is to the main bill itself.
It makes no sort of difference what the nature
of the proposition is, provided it comes from
the Committee on Finance or some member of
that committee. It is well known that the hon-
orable Senator has a pet theory upon the sub-
ject of finance ; and it appears from what he
has said that it is impossible for any other in-
dividual in this country to suggest anything on
the subject of finance that has any merit in it
unless it harmonizes with his theory. I pro-
pose to occupy a moment or two in discussing
that theory.
He assumes that it is necessary to resume
specie payments. 1 assume the same position.
There we agree. He proposes one plan, and I
advocate another; and the question between
us is as to which plan is the most practicable
one, and which plan will produce the least
practical evil in the country. He proposes
that the Government of the United States
shall hoard up in the Treasury all the gold
which it receives which is not necessarily ex-
pended in paying interest upon the public
debt, for two and a half years, and then the
Government shall resume specie payments.
That is his theory upon the subject; and upon
it he has argued with great vehemence that
contraction will produce disastrous results in
the country.
1" undertake to affirm that the theory proposed
by the Senator will produce the most violent
contraction of the currency of any theory that
has been submitted to Congress. He confesses,
in the first place, that the Government will
hoard the gold of the country for two years
and a half, so that necessarily the gold is with-
drawn from the use of the people by that pro-
cess. If it is made f_oarce in consequence of
that policy on fhe part of the Government, it
will, of course, appreciate everywhere among
the people; so that the effect of that policy, in
the first place, will be to make gold worth
much more than it is at this time. That will
be the effect as to the gold. Everybody knows
that a certain quantity of gold is necessary in
this country for the transaction of business.
Our laws require that the people should use
every year millions of gold, and if our laws
require that of the people and at the sametime
compel the Government to hoard np gold in
the Treasury, I ask the Senator if that will
not produce a contraction in the gold or coin
of the country? Nobody can make any ques-
tion upon that point.
Now, sir, what effect would it have upon the
greenback circulation of the country? Sup-
pose I have $10,000 in greenbacks to-day.
Those $10,000 are worth $7,000 in gold; but
I know that if I will put those $10,000 of
greenbacks in my safe and keep them there
two years and a half I can bring them out and
get for them §10,000 in gold. What would be
the inevitable course of one possessing a sur-
plus of greenbacks? Would any man invest
his currency in the bonds of the United States
when there was such a prospect in view ?
Would any man risk the contingencies of busi-
ness, would any man invest his money in any
transactions in the country, when he could put
that money away, put it beyond the reach of
accident or any contingency, and within two
years and a half see it appreciate from $7,000
to $10,000. Would not that necessarily pro-
duce contraction in the greenback currency of
the country? Let any man judge of that mat-
ter for himself ? Let him judge of the actions
of other people as he would judge of his own
actions. I can see very readily how I would
rather take $10,000 in greenbacks, now worth
$7,000, and put them away in an iron safe and
keep them there for two years and a half and
then bring them out and receive $10,000 for
them, than to undertake to transact any busi-
ness which might be ruined by the fluctuations
in the currency of the country. If contraction
will produce the tremendous evils which the
Senator represents, then I say his policy is
intended to produce those evils; and on that
ground it is objectionable, if for no other
reason.
But, sir, how much gold would the Govern-
ment of the United States have in its Treasury
at the end of two years and a half? There are
$400,000,000 of greenbacks in circulation.
Would the G overnment at the expiration of two
