1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
Mr. Lawrence of Ohio, and Mr. Archer,
managers of the conference on the part of the
House.
pay of contestants.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a matter that has given
the Committee oil Accounts some trouble. On
the 1st of March a resolution was passed by the
House authorizing the Clerk of the House, under
the sanction of the Committee on Accounts, to
pay $2,500 to each of three contestants from
the State of Louisiana.
Mr. HIGBY. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know what is the question before
the House. I demand the regular order.
Mr. BEOOMALL. I am making a state-
ment upon which I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must make
the motion to suspend the rules first.
Mr. BROOMALL. I wish to state what I
desire to suspend the rules for.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
if the gentleman desires to hold the floor he
must move to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of rescinding so much
of the resolution of March 1,1869, as allows to
J. Willis Menard $2,500 in full for his expenses
in the election case from Louisiana, with a view
to having the resolution amended so as to allow
him $1,500.
A Member. He has got the money already.
Mr. BROOMALL. No, he has not; and I
am authorized by Mr. Menard himself to make
this proposition.
Mr. SHANKS. I shall object unless the
others are put on the same footing.
Mr. BROOMALL. The Committee on Ac-
counts, after witnessing the vote of the House
allowing §1,500 to certain contestants,refused—
obstinately, if you choose to call it so—to allow
fc'2.500 to the contestants in the Louisiana case.
The House could only authorize the Clerk to
pay them with the sanction of the Committee
on Accounts, and there is no other way of
doing it except by a positive law. The ques-
tion is, whether the House will now accede to
my proposition or go to the trouble of passing
a jointresolution upon the subj_ect, which would
take the matter out of our hands.. Upon this
state of things being made known to Mr.
Menard he said at once that he would accept
SI-500 if the resolution was changed to that
effect.
Mr. DAWES. I object to debate unless
there can be some debate on the other side.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to suspend the rules ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 90, noes 36.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. BROOMALL. I now submit the resolu-
tion I have indicated.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. As I understand this case, the
House directed that each of these contestants
should receive $2,500. That resolution was
passed by the House and a motion to recon-
sider laid upon the table, which we supposed
disposed of the question finally. Now, the
chairman of the Committee on Accounts [Mr.
Broomali,] makes a report to us that that com-
mittee has assumed the authority to propose a
resolution in favor of paying these contest-
ants but $1,500 each. Now, I desire to in-
quiie what authority that committee had to
change the order of the House?
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] is entirely mistaken in
his statement of iacts. The House did not
authorize the Clerk to pay the money at all;
but it authorized the Clerk to pay ihe money—
)n the language of the act of Congress of the
14th of March, 1864—"'with the sanction of
the Committee on Accounts." It could only
be done with the sanction of that committee.
A higher power than the House itself has said
that neither the House nor the Senate alone
can take anything out of its contingent fund
without the sanction of the Committee on Ac-
counts or Contingent Expenses of that body.
If the gentleman wants to know why it was
that the committee set up its own judgment
against the judgment of the House in this par-
ticular, the chairman of the Committee on
Accounts can only say that the law requires
the committee to exercise its judgment; and
it never has yet yielded that judgment to any-
body. If Congress does not want the com-
mittee to exercise its judgment in such cases,
then it must repeal the law. In that way only
can either House dip its own hands into the
contingent fund.
One word more. A very large amount of
money has been expended l'or the pay of per-
sons contesting seats in this House during the
present Congress, and a practice has grown
up which fully j• t-1ilies the language of the gen-
tleman from Oiiio [Mr. Suhenck] when he
said that contesting seats in Congress was by
lar the most profitable business in the country,
so far as he knew, for the amount of capital
invested. It is tune a stop was put to this
practice. The abuse is that some one offers a
resolution without any inquiry whatever, upon
which he calls the previous question, and it
is passed without any debate upon it being
allowed, by means of party drill or some other
kind of drill. Fortunately, however, Congress
is above the House of Representatives, and has
said that such a resolution is null aud void
without some examination. This the law re-
quires it to receive from the Committee on
Accounts. The reason why the Committee on
Accounts refused to sanction the payment of
$2,500 to each of the parties named in the res-
olution to which I have referred was this:
shortly afier that resolution was passed the
House had up the cases of other parties from
Kentucky and other States. Debate was
allowed in those cases, and after the subject
was fully discussed bv the House it was very
evident to the Committee on Accounts that the
amount allowed by the House in the latter
cases, SI.500 each, was very much too little
if that sum was not enough in the former cases.
In the particular case in which the Commit-
tee on Accounts refused to sanction the pay-
ment of $2,500, the election which gave rise to
the contest took place in November last, and
the parties to the contest have been here but
a single session, and that a short session, in
another case, where the contest extended over
the entire Congress the Committee on Accounts
did sanction the payment of $2,500.
Now, 1 am satisfied ihat the other contest-
ant, with whom I have not conversed, will
agree to have the same charge made in the
resolution with respect to his pay that the Com-
mittee on Accounts propose to make in respect
to the pay of Mr. Menard. And it any friend
of his on this floor will authorize me to do so
I will moi e an amendment to that effect.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. A few days ago
a resolution passed this House directing the
Clerk to pay to John D. Young, of Kentucky,
the sumot'$2.50y. I am infoimed by a gen-
tleman who has examined the record that that
resolution was fiamed in the very same lan-
guage of resolutions which proposed to pay Mr.
Switzler, of Missouri, a contestant, and two
of the contestants of the seats of Mr. Brown
and Mr. Trimble, of Kentucky, the same
amount, or perhaps a larger amount in some
of the cases. Now, 1 desire to know why that
resolution, couched in the very same language
of the resolutions in the other cases to which
I have referred, was not allowed by the Com-
mittee on Accounts? 1 would like to know
how it is that a creature of this House, a ser-
vant of this House, refuses to perform the
will of this House ?
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, this de-
bate cannot be allowed to run on. The House
is getting uneasy. I will only ask the Clerk
to read the law upon this subject—a law which
binds the House as well as the committee; and
I hope gentlemen who want to know how the
law stands will listen.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Hereafter no payment shall be made from the
contingent fund of either House of Congress unless
sanctioned by the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate or the Com-
mittee on Accounts ol the House of Representatives
respectively; and no transfer of balances of appro-
priation shall be made from one fund to another
except by law."
Mr. WOOD. I submit that the law as read
does not give the committee any authority to
alter the resolution of this House with refer-
ence to the amount to be paid.
Mr. BROOMALL. I grant that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] knows
more about the laws of the land than the
Comptroller at the Treasury Department, who
rules that he cannot make payment under this
very resolution unless the Committee on Ac-
counts will sanction it. I grant all that. But
it makes no difference whether the gentlemen
from New York or the Comptroller, who is to
pass upon this matter at the Treasury Depart-
ment, is the wiser lawyer. It happens that
the Comptroller is in the position to block the
game. He is the man who has to decide these
questions. It may be that what I have been
laying down as law is not the law of the land ;
but the Comptroller says it is. There is no
1 appeal from his decision ; and these men can-
| not get their money until either the Committee
\ on Accounts sanction the payment, or until the
House and Senate pass a bill appropriating that
j amount of money to these men.
j I have been asked to embrace Mr. Hunt in
I the same category ; and I will if his friends de-
j sire it. We ask that the resolution of the House
j with regard to these men be rescinded so far
! as to reduce the amount of compensation to
j $1,500, and then these men can get their
I money. How long would it take them to get
| their money if they followed the legal guidance
of thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood?]
j But this resolution will give them all they ask:
| and I trust the House will pass it. I will now
! yield to my colleague on the committee for one
1 moment.
I Mr. McCHLLOUGH. I took the ground,
I Mr. Speaker, on that committee when these
j claims weie up that Congress never cotitem-
! plated a creature of its own should entirely
nullify a resolution which it had passed in spe-
■ eitic terms. The committee overruled my ob-
, jeetion, but I still maintain the same ground.
; The committee ought to have ordered the pay-
; ment of the money under the resolution, and
| not have attempted to ignore entirely the action
: of the House. Such action on the part of one
I of the committees of this House was never
j contemplated by the law of Congress,
j I like consistency. The resolution passed
. paying Switzler $5,000 was indorsed by the
j committee, and the money was paid at once.
1 The committee has also passed the claim in the
case of Mr. Hmds, who was assassinated in
i Aikansas, for payment up to the end of this
i Congress, right in the teeth of apositivelaw on
the subject.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bliis, reported that
, they had examined and found truly enrolled a
jjoint resolution (S. R. No. 217) for printing
| the Medical and Surgical History of the Kebel-
lion : when the Speaker signed the same.
pay of contestants again.
\ Mr. BROOMALL. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky for a question.
: Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the whole subject
will be laid upon the table if we cannot get rid
of it in any other way.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I to ask the
chairman of the Committee oil Accounts this
