172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
deuce, the same force and effect as the original
papers, documents, or entries;" so that the bill
will reau :
Be it enacted, &c„ That copies of all official papers
JUjtl documents belonging to and filed or remaining
iu the oilicc of any consul, vice consul, or commercial
agent of fhe United States, and of all official entries
in the books or records ot any such office, shall, when
cei tilled touicr the hand and ollieialscal of the proper
eoosu!. weo consul, or commercial ascnt, be admis-
sible m evidence in all the courts of the United
States.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary whether this bill would cover crim-
inal cases ? If it is intended to embrace crim-
inal trials there may possibly be a difficulty in
it. The Constitution requires that the wit-
nesses shall confront the accused face to face.
Mr. TRUMBULL. [ do not suppose that
it would cover any such cases.
The hill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIUNK1).
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPixerson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of llepiesenta-
tives had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolution ; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. Mo. 15J7) to repeal certain
provisions of section six of an act entitled ' 'An
act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for tlie year ending June ;H>, 1808,
and (or other purposes,'' approved March 2,
18t>7 :
A bill ('S. No. 700) for the relief of Joseph
Mourehead ; and
A joint resolution (JL It. No. M88) explan-
atory of the act. to create an additional laud
office iu the State of Minnesota, approved
u!\ 'J">, 18(18.
MISS SUH MURPHEY.
Mr. HOWE. At the adjournment before
ChsisUnas there was a bill pending for the re-
lief of Miss Sue Murphey, of Decatur, Ala-
bama^ I suppose that, to be the regular order
for this afternoon. If it is. I should like to
have the Senate proceed to ils consideration.
11 it is not, 1 move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of if,
_ The PRESIDENT prti (empote. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
asiu Committee ot the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. C2o) for the
relief of Miss Sue Murphey, of Decatur, Ala-
bama.
Mr. II0Y* E. I made some remarks on this
bill the other day when it was before the
Senate, and intended then to explain what I
omitted to explain, the relation of the Com-
ra.ttee on Claims to this particular bill. It
was reported from the committee at the last
session of the Senate, but upon reflection
since it was called up I am inclined to think
that the present members of the Committee
on Claims are not committed to this bill, but
only consented that the bill should be reported
to the Senate. I am not very clear in my
recollection about it. It was once reported
upon full consideration byaformer Committee
on Claims, and then it was passed by the
Senate. I remember to have been urged
strenuously during the last days of the fast
session to have this bill reported. I had not
as my recollection is now, time to consult the
different members of the committee upon the
merits of the bill, and I rather think I only
had their consent, to report the bill. That is
my present recollection about it, and it is due
to the members of the committee that that
statement should be made.
Mr. FUELING HUYSEN. Mr. President,
when the Senate was about adjourning for the
purpose of taking a recess I had taken the
floor briefly to consider this subject. I will
now ask the attention of the Senate while I
submit my views in reference to it. The ques-
tion is cue of much importance.
I cannot avoid the belief that the allowance
of this claim will open the door for enough of
similar claims from the lately insurrectionary
States seriously to affect the Treasury. Miss
Murphey was a loyal lady. Her house was
destroyed by direction of General Sherman,
in order to erect a fortification. Whether the
claim be a good one or not, her case cannot
be distinguished from that of loyal citizens in
the enemy's country whose houses were raked
by artillery, whose fields were ravaged, whose
granaries were emptied, whose catile were
driven off, and whose houses were occupied
by our troops, so that this bill brings before
the Senate the whole question of these south-
•: ern claims. All this damage was done under
;l the jits belli, to strengthen our own power in
the war and to weaken that of the enemy.
|| It is said that her case is peculiar in that
11 the was loyal. I answer I do not know that
j| there weie not a multitude of loyal people at
j| the South. At all events, I have no doubt that
|| there is amultitude that could now bring proof
which we could not controvert of their loy-
j; ally; and I do not see but that a person re-
siding at the South who was as loyal as he
II possibly could be under the surroundings has
ij not as meritorious a position as one who was
1 perfectly loyal. And hence, so far as the num-
ber of such claims is concerned, her loyalty
does not distinguish her case.
Neither is the importance of this question
shaken by the observation of my friend from
V. isconsin, that we have hitherto had very few |
such claims presented. We have not, yet, by j
the establishment of any precedent, advertised j
that our doors were open to claims of this j
charaeler/and I would remark that if it is our j
purpose i/6 establish the principle here involved I
when ;yfked to do so by loyal citizens residing '
iu the/enemy's country, we must be prepared \
to admit the claims of the citizens of friendly
Powers who had property or who were resid- j
iy<g there, and by our so doing wo may reeog- !
nize a large amount of indebtedness to be set
off against our Alabama claims.
I he question, as I have said, is of import-
ance because of the effect a determination that
the Government is under obligations to pay
would have upon our Treasury. But 1 would
remark that the amount ot these claims can
be properly urged only to make us careful in
our judgment, and not as a reason why we
should not pay them. If they are legal and
j just they should be paid, no matter what is the
i amount. The Treasury of the nation is of less
I value than the nation's faith.
j But, Mr. President, I submit that this is not a
j legal claim on the Government. The general
! proposition "that it is the right of one bel-
| liferent not, only to coerce the other by direct
] force, but also to cripple his resources by seiz-
! uro and destruction of his property," will not
! be disputed. The right of belligerents to
i hike property in the enemy's country for forti-
j lications and sustenance will not be disputed.
I And again, itis settled that "whether one is an
| enemy or not is to be determined, not by his
or her state of feeling toward the invading
power, but by his or her residence and citizen-
ship."
Mr. IIOyVE. "Will the Senator tell me bis
authority for the last proposition?
Mr. iRELINGHUi'SEN. I will presently
give the Senator references to the authorities
on which I rely. The letter of Mr. Dana takes
the ground that the question is not as to the
state of feeling of the individual, but as to resi-
dence and citizenship. The same doctrine has
been lield by our Supreme Court, as I will
show.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to remark, how-
ever, that it was the purpose of Mr. Dana's
letter to explain not upon what the question of
enmity rested, but to explain that the question
of personal enmity had nothing to do with this
I matter; that the guilt attached to the property,
! not to the individual.
! Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then the letter
! of Air. Dana sustains me in the position that the
; liability of property to be treated as " enemy
I propeitv" does i.ot depend on the state of
j feeling entertained toward the Government by
, the owner of the property. The Supreme Couit
| of the United States have gone further, and
j said in several decisions, which I shall refer to,
! that itisa question of residence, of citizenship,
I and of location of the property.
j But it is insisted that the recent rebellion
| differs from a war between foreign nations in
j this, that the Government of the United States
I was bound to protectits loyal citizens and their
I property, or to indemnify them for its failure to
do so. Is it so clear, I ask, that the national
Government is under the obligation to protect
the property of the citizens of any State? Is not
the province of the Federal Governmentrather
to preserve the integrity of the external rela-
tions of the nation, and to address itself to the
duty of seeing that the States maintain their
proper relations to the central Government?
Have not the States the dominion over the
domestic interests of the citizen ? And if the
obligation to indemnify for a breach of the
public peace rests anywhere, is it not with the
States rather than wilh us?
But the obligations to indemnify for the re-
sults of a breach of the peace, for a rebellion
or a riot, never rests with any sovereignty, be it
a monarchy, or a republic, or a State. A State,
to secure greater assiduity on the part of the
local municipal authorities, sometimes holds
| them to indemnify for the results of a breach
1 of the peace ; but no State, no sovereignty ever
| undertakes to indemnify for the result of a re-
j bellion or a riot. The sovereignty assumes that
i it has done all its duty, executed to the fullest
| extent its power to preserve the peace, and
that in so doing it has done all that it is bound
to do; and this theory in the case we are con-
sidering has been made practical by hundreds
i ot thousands of lives and millions of treasure
I expended to preserve the peace. So thai ii-
I are only dealing with the war as an insurrec-
I tion or as a rebellion, there existed no obliga-
i tion to indemnify.
I We are, however, dealing with the recent
contest as a war with all the incidents of a war,
; and not with an insurrection. It was the dic-
j tate ot humanity to treat the conflict as a war
j with its incidents, and not as arebellion with its
incidents. If a rebellion merely we should
have had the right and we should have been
under the obligation to execute as lebels the
prisoners that we took, and the enemy by cap-
tures and reprisals would have retaliated, and
the war on this principle would have been
cruel, indeed, and would every day have bepn
more and more destructive. We"treated the
conflict as a war, and then came the exchange
of prisoners, the sanctity of the truce, and the
other courtesies incident to a public national
war.
We are not, as the Supreme Court has sub-
stantially said, to come to the absurd conclu-
sion that insurgents who have risen in rebel-
lion against the sovereign, expelled the courts,
established a revolutionary government, organ-
ized armies, and commenced hostilities, are
not enemies because they are traitors; and
that war levied on the Government by traitors,
in order to dismember and destroy it, is not
war, because it is an insurrection. Neither
are we to hold that the contest is not war with
all its incidents because it is a civil war. The
highest authority settles it that the contest in
which we have been engaged was a civil war,
and that the property within the enemy's coun-
try was •' enemy property;" and so far from
there being any obligation to indemnify for its
incidental destruction the nation had a perfect
right to make its destruction, even when be-
longing to loyal citizens, a means of weaken-
ing the enemy.
Vattel says, page 203, margin:
Civil war breaks tho bauds of society and frovern -
mem, or at least suspends their fores and effect; it
