1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
question, and I hope we shall have a distinct
answer to it. I wish to know why the reso-
lution passed by the House to pay John D.
Young, which was couched in the same lan-
guage as the resolutions to pay Switzler, Simms,
Smith, and others, which were passed by the
Committee on Accounts and referred for pay-
ment to the Clerk of the House—I wish to know
why that resolution was not passed in the same
manner, and payment made to John D. Youug ?
Mr. HIGBY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I have the floor.
Mr. HIGBY. What is the question before
the House?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I have the floor
by permission of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. HIGBY. I rise to a question of order,
and it is that neither the question of the gentle-
man from Kentucky nor any answer to it is
pertinent to the matter now before the House.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I leave the
Speaker to determinethat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
_ Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. That is the ques-
tion, why it is that the resolution to pay John
D. Young was not referred for payment to the
Clerk of the House by the Committee on Ac-
counts ?
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman asks me
upon what ground the committee bases its
action in a ease which has no connection with
the ease_ now pending. I have no authority to
tell outside_ of the committee what took place in
the committee. If he were a member of the
committee he would know. On the question
of law it may be that the First Comptroller is
wrong; but I hold his letter to the Clerk of the
House in my hand in which he says he cannot
pay that money without the assent of the Com-
mittee on Accounts.
Now, as these gentlemen are willing to ac-
cept the amount which I have specified, and as
the House has already fixed upon $1,500 as an
adequate sum under like circumstances, I trust
there will be no further objection to the adop-
tion of the resolution. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. This seems to be the ques-
tion before the House: whether there is a dis-
cretion in the Committee on Accounts above
and superior to the decision of the House itself;
whether when the Committee on Accounts has
fixed the sum itself which in its opinion is
the proper sum to be expended in any partic-
ular manner out of the contingent fund, the
law sets up the opinion of the Committee on
Accounts above that of the House? That is
the question. It is perfectly apparent what that
provision of the law was inserted there for.
It had reference to a claim submitted to the
Committee on Accounts for pay when there
was no sum fixed. For instance, when a man
ha,s done work for the House it is for the Com-
mittee on Accounts to determine whether his
charge is or is not too high or more than he
ought to be paid. The law intended that the
Committee on Accounts should audit and pass
upon such claims. Now, is it not within the
power of the House to instruct its committee
to sanction a particular outlay from the con-
tingent fund ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I resume the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Let me have one word more.
It is the contingent fund that is at the disposal
of the Committee on Accounts, and the House
instructsits committees. They are its servants;
they are to do what the House says. And now
my friend says bccause in another case the
House expresses an opinion that it should be
$1,500 they take that as the instruction in this
ease. The House instructed them in this case
as to the sum which it thought proper to pay.
I know they have got J. Willia Menard to say
he will take this sum. He has been told,
probably, that he coold not get his money with-
out si bill, and he had better consent to take
^1,500 rather than nothing. I know he is
willing to do it, but he is willing under duress
notwithstanding the House has expressed the
opinion that he shall have $2,500.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I resume
the floor. I can only dispose of my friend from
Massachusetts in the manner I have disposed
of my friend from New York. If he was in the
office of the Comptroller who has to pass upon
this question for the Clerk, and who dictates the
law to him as far as this case is concerned, then
his views of the law would be important to this
House and to the parties claiming their pay.
But unfortunately for him, and for the glory of
the country most likely, the gentleman from
Massachusetts like the gentleman from New
York is not in the position of Comptroller, and
the Comptroller has decided without respect-
ing their opinions, if he knows them ; and until
the gentleman can get a law passed correcting
the Comptroller's error his decision will have
to stand as the law.
Mr. DAWES. I agree that the Comptroller
is right and the Committee on Accounts are
wrong. [Laughter.] The committee have no
business to set themselves above the law of the*
House.
Mr. BROOMALL. The House directed the
committee to exercise its judgment, not to do
it in a particular direction. The House is not
omnipotent and it cannot do what the gentle-
man claims. There is a power above the House
of Representatives, and that is the House and
Senate combined. The House and Senate have
enacted a law which I have read directing the
Committee on Accounts to exercise its own
judgment and not the judgment of the House,
and the Comptroller has said so in the letter
which I hold in my hand.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. BROOMALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire, to know, inas-
much as the gentleman says he is not the Comp-
troller, whether or not the Comptroller did not
get this absurd opinion from the practice of
the Committee on Accounts? [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. That is a pertinent
question.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know whether in the opinion of the
Chair the gentleman from Pennsylvania is not
uttering a treasonable sentiment when he
says there is a power higher than this House,
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. It makes no difference
whether the law as understood by the commit-
tee is correct or not. Every member of the
House may disagree with the Comptroller, but
that officer is in a position to give a decision,
and he has given it.
In answer to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Scuenok] as to the Comptroller getting his
notion from the Committee on Accounts, I
will say that while he might have gone to a
worse source for it he did not get it there.
But he has decided the question, and having
done it I hope this House will accommodate
the claimants and the committee also by let-
ting the claimants get the money which the
committee believe the House has declared they
are entitled to, namely, $1,500. Let me say
that I came here as a member with notions of
reform, of preventing the extravagant outlay
of money. This is in the interest of economy,
and if these claimants are willing to save
$2,000 to the Government I want to know
why my smiling friend from New York on the
other side [Mr. Wood] objects. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered—-ayes 87, noes 44.
Mr. WOOD and Mr. PIKE moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 107, noes 11.
_ Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, was received, returning to
the House in answer to its request a copy of the
bill (H. R. No. 508) for the relief of the Mount
Vernon Ladies' Association. By unanimous
consent the bill was referred to the Committee '
on Appropriations.
lincoln monument association.
On motion of Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous
consent, the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R, No. 2009) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to place at the disposal of the Lin-
coln Monument Association, at Springfield,
Illinois, damaged and captured ordnance, waa
taken from the Speaker's table, and the amend-
ment of the Senate, namely, to strike out the
words "and other," was concurred in.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal revenue.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 20^2) to amend an act entitled "An;
act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and to-
bacco, and for other purposes," approved July
20, 1868; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say to the House that this bill contains noth-
ing but what the House acted upon last week
on the tax bill that was passed. It contains
only some essential provisions which ought to
become a law at this session. It is very evi-
dent that the general tax bill will not be acted
upon in the Senate, and the items in this bill
should be acted on and become a law as soon
as possible. Unless the House wishes further
explanation I will move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PILE. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a suggestion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentleman for a moment.
Mr. PILE. The point to which I wish to
call the attention of the gentleman is the length
of time given by this bill to owners of distilled
spirits to withdraw them from bonded ware-
houses. Under the present law the time expires
in April, 1809. This bill proposes to extend
the time until April, 1870. Now, I am certain
that this will leave open a door for frauds, and
that in spite of all the vigilance and care that
may be exercised by the officers appointed
under the incoming Administration immense
frauds will be perpetrated. I see no reason
why the time should be extended. It would
be better to issue tax-paid stamps, and have
this whisky stamped as other whisky is. Bat
to extend the time for withdrawing the whisky
from bonded warehouses would, I think, be
very unwise.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will say
in reply to the suggestion of the gentleman
that the House after full discussion adopted
this very measure by a decided vote, and the
Committee of Ways and Means did not feel at
liberty to report anything contrary to what had
been adopted by the House.
Mr. PILE. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me to move an amendment to strike out that
part of the bill, so as to test the sense of the
House.
Mr. HOOPER, of -Massachusetts. I must
decline to yield for that purpose. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Perhaps
by a very brief explanation I can give the
