1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
earned to its legitimate results, overthrows all
kinds of banking and ail systems by which, for
the sake of the convenience of business, paper
is put in the place of coin. It is manifest that
it would not be practicable or reasonable to
take all the gold out of the Treasury of the
United States and produce a perfect emptiness
-there; but while the gold is retained in the
Treasury to meet any possible emergency this
paper may be circulated and in use. Sir, the
argument of the honorable Senator elsewhere
shows the fallacy of his reasoning on this point.
Did he not undertake to argue that gold con-
tracts in the city of New York were answered
by 'treasury notes at this time? Suppose I
■want to buy a liorse of the honorable Senator,
and I have a gold note in my pocket. The
horse is worth $100 in currency, he says; would
he not just as soon take a gold note for seventy-
five dollars, for his horse as to require me to
pay him $100 in greenbacks? And if he took
the gold note he could pay it out to another
man at the same rate, and so it might be made
useful in the business transactions of the
country.
.Sir, I live in a country where business trans-
actions of this kind are conducted. Green-
backs and gold are found in Oregon, and men
make contracts there sometimes to be paid in
greenbacks and sometimes in gold, and if the
gold is paid at its real value and the greenbacks
at their real value there is no difficulty. No-
body is injured or wronged, and the business
is transacted in both cases in the same way and
with similar results.
I shall not tax the patience of the Senate
with any discussion of the first section of this
bill, because it has at one time been indorsed
by the Senate; but while the honorable Senator
seems so anxious that the country should re-
sume specie payments, he fights every propo-
sition presented in Congress that tends to the
resumption of specie payments If you make
a demand for gold, will it not follow according
to the laws of business that gold will come to
meet that demand ? Increase your demand and
your supply will follow. While our gold is
demonetized in this country, and while your
legislation is unfriendly and absolutely pro-
hibits all circulation of that kind, of course it
is practically impossible to resume specie pay-
ments.
One object of this first section is to provide
that as the process goes forward for the resump-
tion of specie payments the people may have
a right to contract upon the basis of gold, and
to bring, therefore, gold into use. And as to
the evils that will flow from it, 1 cannot possi-
bly see them. * 1 know in the country where I
live the specific contract law, as it, is called,
which provides for legalizing contracts made
payable in coin, has been in force ever since
greenbacks became a currency, and it iias been
found to be satisfactory in its operation. It
is only extending the operation of that law
through the country by means of this bill, and
if it works well in one part of the country it
may work well in another. I have been ad-
vised_ that very many of the business transac-
tions in the southern States to-day are conducted
upon the gold basis ; I know that all the trans- ,
actions upon the Pacific coast are conducted !
upon the gold basis. Very many of the trans-
actions in the eityof Now York are conducted
upon the gold basis. It is to legalize, foster,
protect, and encourage this that this first sec-
tion of the bill is incorporated into it, with a
viewof proceeding gradually forward by every
possible means that can be devised to the
perfect resumption of specie payments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
the Senator one question, as he speaks of the
experience in his own State. I will ask him if
there are restraints on the right of the peoole
to make contracts of this sort such as are in
the proviso of the first section of this bill; and
it the experience of that coast requires any
such restraint upon the right to contract?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No restraints of that kind
are found m the laws upon the Pacific coast,
because contracts have beeu made there ever
since the States were organized upon a gold
basis. But the proviso in this bill relates- to
contracts heretofore made, because inthe other
States of the Union the contracts that have
been made up to this time have been made
upon another and a different basis; and it
simply provides that the creditor shall not be
allowed to take advantage of the debtor upon
any such contract. I do not particularly ap-
prove of that proviso; but it is put in to meet
the objections of gentlemen to this section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator in his
answer does not wish us to understand that
this section is retrospective in its operation.
The section, as I understand, is prospective
only, and relates to contracts hereafter to be
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will state that the bill was first passed by
the Senate last year without the proviso. A
proviso similar in character was put on by
the committee of the House of Representa-
tives, and in that shape put in a bill which did
not pass last year. Afterward we adopted the
proviso inserted in the House as part of the
funding bill at the last session. The section
as it now stands, I think, is in the very words
of the bill which passed the Senate at the last
session. The proviso is a little more limited
than I desired to have it; still it was the action
of the Senate by a vote of the body. I think
it was prepared by the Senator from Vermont,
if I am not mistaken.
Mr. MOIIRILL, of Vermont. So far as that
is concerned, I believe I must disclaim the
honor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I meant your colleague.
I think lie put on the proviso.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I did not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It was the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sena-
tor from Oregon will permit me, I will say that
it would suit me better to strike out the whole
restriction, bccause I think it is against the
debtor class ; but if we were to allow contracts
in gold to be made without any restriction, it
would then permit those who have contracts
maturing in currency to scale them and give
contracts payable in gold. It would therefore
be far their benefit and relief.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only state this proviso
was not reported originally from the Commit-
tee on Finance, but was put on by that Sena-
tor, and after debate the House felt bound to
put it in the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do not propose to dis-
cuss that matter, which is very easily under-
stood, and Senators may judge of it for them-
selves. I do not consider that proviso of any
very great value one way or the other. Objec-
tion is made to that provision of the bill which
allows banks to issue notes payable in gold
with ample security for their redemption, as
though there was some mischief in that sec-
tion of the bill. Ts it not remarkable that
while the honorable Senator argues with so
much zeal in favor of the resumption of specie
payments, in favor of a circulation in the
country that is convertible into gold, he is un-
willing that the experiment should in anyway
be tried?
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the honorable
Senator that I did not say I was unwilling. 1
did not say I was unwilling to try this experi-
ment in regard to the gold notes. I argued
that they would not amount to anything. I do
not know that there is any objection to them ;
but I regard the proposition as a humbug, be-
cause these notes cannot go into the circula-
tion. They simply represent so much gold
locked up.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood the Senator
to take up the different sections of this bill in
detail to show the impracticability of their
operation and to express his determination to
oppose the bill. I think he went so far as to
say that he denounced it as a proposition that
ought not to be sanctioned by Congress. If
the Senator supposes this to be a humbug, it
is barely possible that he may be mistaken.
Some people have been mistaken in their views
upon financial questions in this country and in
other countries, and if it will produce no harm
why object to the experiment? I am advised
that certain banks in this country among the
most responsible and wealthy banking institu-
tions in the United States are of opinion that
this plan will be practicable and produce good
effects, and that they are willing to organize a
banking business upon this basis, for they are
of the opinion that these notes, payable in gold,
may be used with advantage in the business
affairs of this country. Now, sir, it is possible
that these men are all mistaken, and that they
have an opinion which is not entitled even to
respect upon this subject; but at any rate let
the experiment be tried, and if it proves to be
a humbug it will do no harm. If it proves to
be a success, it will only show that the hon-
orable Senator is mistaken, which would not
be the greatest calamity that could befall this
country; and I should not be surprised if he
was mistaken in many of the views that he
entertains on this subject. I do not pretend
to be a financier; I do not pretend to derive
knowledge oti this subject from English history
or any other history of ancient or modern
times ; but my judgment, derived from my ob-
servation and from what little I know of the
financial history of this country, is that the
Senator's plan is—I will not characterize it as
a humbug—but that it is one that would be
found if adopted ruinous to the best interests
of this country.
The honorable Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkling,] in his speech yesterday, conde-
scended to do more than the Senator from
Indiana, because he did give to my humble
amendment a space of eight or ten lines in
his speech, while, I believe, the Senator from
Indiana only mentioned it.
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, the
Senator does me very great injustice. I no-
ticed bis amendment at great length, and I
said it was a confession that the bill as it stood
would result in sudden and violent contraction.
I took great pleasure in saying that the amend-
ment was a confession that the bill reported by
the committee would produce great and vio-
lent contraction.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I know the honorable Sen-
ator said that, but he did not expend very much
time upon it. I find no fault with him for that;
but, sir, he argues that it is a confession that
this bill would produce a sudden and violent
contraction. Now, there is as little force in
that argument as in any other that the honor-
able Senator has advanced upon this ques-
tion. I do not know that there would be a
violent and sudden contraction of the currency
if this amendment was not adopted; but it
is possible that such a consequence might fol-
low, and out of abundant caution I desired
that this amendment should be put upon the
bill. I do not confess that there would be
a sudden and violent contraction because I
do not know what the necessary effect of the
bill unamended wonld be; but I proposed the
amendment so that if the prediction of the
honorable Senator is true the evils which he
anticipates would not follow. Does the hon-
orable Senator complain because I agree with
him in his views as to the effect of that section?
Suppose I do say that I think it is necessary
that the bill should be amended, is that any
objection to the amendment? Or what does he
mean by saying that this is a confession that
this bill will produce such disastrous results?
Senators differ in their opinion upon finan-
cial matters, and I differ with the committee
as to the effect of this section. I was appre-
hensive that it might produce a sudden con-
traction, and therefore I desired to put this
restriction upon it.
The Senator from New York said:
"The Senator from Oregon proposes to restrict the
par sales of ten-forty bonds to §2,000,000 a month. In
one senso this might diminish the evil, but in an-
pther 1 fear it would aggravate it. Once a month
there would be a moderate spasm of contraction.
Unee a month there would be an immoderate scram-
ble for the forthcoming bonds, and thus, if the same
