1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
1877
House a better understanding of the provisions
of the bill than could be obtained from hearing
it read,
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the call for
the reading for that purpose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will then
briefly explain the provisions of the bill. Sec-
tion eight of the act of J uly 20,1808, is amended
so as to allow a bond to be given for the value
of the property in case of a distillery erected
before the passage of that act on land leased or
mortgaged, or owned by a minor or other per-
son incapable of giving the assent required by
that section. Section twenty is amended so
that in small distilleries of less capacity than one
hundred gallons within twenty-four hours sixty
gallons of mash or beer (instead of forty-five
gallons) shall represent a bushel of grain.
Section fifty-six is amended so as to extend
the time for distilled spirits to remain in bonded
warehouse until April 20, 1870, oil payment
of one cent, per gallon for each month after
the 2d April, 1869. Section seven is amended
so as to provide safeguards for special stamps
for the tax on tobacco in packages of one
pound or more by requiring the stamps to be
numbered and registered and the signature of
the collector attached. The other sections pro-
vide for stamping tobacco, snuff, andcigarsnow
on hand, on which the duty was paid before
the law of July 20, 1808, went into effect, and
for repacking the same in accordance with that
law.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment to the portion of
this bill relating to the tax on tobacco ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to any amendment. I insist upon the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMERCE WITH BltlTISU PIIOYINCKS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following reso-
lution :
llesolvcd. That while this House does not admit
any right in the executiveand treaty-making power
of tho United states to conclude treaties or conven-
tions with any foreign Government by which import
duties bhaU be mutually regulated, it is however ol
the opinion, and recommends to the President, that
negotiations with the Government of Great Britain
should be renewed and pressed if possible to a defi-
nite conclusion regarding commercial intercourse
and seeuimg to our own citizens the rights claimed
by them in the tisheiies on Ihe coasts of the Biitisli
provinces of America, and the free navigation ot the
St. Lawrence river from its source to the sea.
The question was upon adopting the reso-
lution.
Mr. HARDING. I object to the consider-
ation of this resolution at this time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that it be
referred to the Committtee of tho Whole on
the state of the Union and ordered to bo
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciikxck] will also state the opin-
ion of the Committee of Ways and Means in
reference to reciprocity with the British prov-
inces. That is a matter in which the people
are very deeply interested.
Mr. SCHENCK. As for myself I am
utterly opposed to the whole system of reci-
procity.
The SPEAKER. The resolution having
been referred to the Committee of the Whole,
it is not now before the House, and debate
upon it, is not now in order.
. Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole. And I
make the motion simply for the purpose of
haying an opportunity of replying to the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Pike.]
The resolution which I reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means a few moments
since commences with a denial of the right of
the treaty-making power to make treaties which
shall alter the tariff laws of this country ; that
is a subject exclusively for legislation. It then
proceeds to express a desire that the President
shall renew and press to a conclusion negotia-
tions in regard to other interests connected
with the British provinces, and our relation-
ship to them, to-wit, the claim our citizens
make in regard to the fisheries on the coasts
of those provinces, and in relation to the free
navigation of the St. Lawrence river from its
source to the sea.
The gentleman wants to know my opinion in
regard to reciprocity. He might perhaps infer
it from the tenor of that resolution. I do not
believe we ought to enter into any relations of
reciprocity with the British provinces, either
through negotiations with the imperial Govern-
ment of Great Britain or by direct treaty with
the provinces themselves, if that were possible.
I believe the people of the British provinces
should be treated like all other foreigners, and
made to pay the same duties upon articles they
import into our country that other foreigners
are required to pay upon similar articles.
I believe also that the effect of the recipro-
city treaty which we had a short time ago, and
which has been abrogated, and which I am glad
to have had the opportunity to vote for giving
notice to abrogate, was, while it lasted, simply to
give to those British provincesall the advantages
of being within the Union without making them
bear any of the burdens of this Union. During
our late trouble* in this country they did not
seem to appreciate those advantages, judging
from the manner in which they treated the
United States of America.
Mr. PIKE. The only reason why I drew
out this expression of opinion from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schencic] was the fact that it has been pub-
lished in the papers quite extensively that that
committee was in favor of a renewal of the
reciprocity treaty.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not authorized to
speak for the rest of the members of the com-
mittee, but I am notaware of any difference of
opinion between any of them and myself on
that subject.
Mr. MOORHEAD. If the gentleman de-
sires he can express my opinion in the very
language he has used in reference to himself.
Mr. SCHENCK. Having answered the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
1 now withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HAliDING. I renew the motion to
reconsider, and move to lay it on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message i'uom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon House bill No.
1744. to strengthen the public credit and relat-
ing to contracts for payment in coin.
appeals in revenue cases.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2023) to repeal the first section of an act re-
lating to appeals to the Supreme Court; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
first section of the act of' March 26, 1868, enti-
tled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act
to amend the judiciary act,' passed on the 24th
of September, 1789/' be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. SCHENCK. The first section of the
act which it is proposed to repeal provides that
in questions with reference to the recovery of
duties which have been overpaid or wrongfully
paid there shall be allowed in every case an
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, no matter what the amount in contro-
versy. Prior to the passage of that provision
the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court was confined to cases where not less than
$2,000 was involved. The effect of the amend-
ment of the law made a short time ago seems
to have been that a great number of cases where
the duties sought to be recovered amounted to
only fifty, one hundred, three hundred, or five
hundred dollars have been prevented from being
brought to a conclusion at all or from being
prosecuted, even where they were meritorious.
There has been virtually a denial of justice,
because the parties could not afford to take
such cases to the Supreme Court.
The Committee of Ways and Means, after
hearingrepresentations made upon this subject,
were of opinion that if questions of life and
death, questions of the greatest moment, may
be settled in the circuit courts of the United
States, those courts are competent to settle
cases of the description I have stated, where
the amount involved is less than $2,000.
In addition to that as another reason why
the section should be repealed it has been
found that if appeals be taken to the Supreme
Court in all these cases in which the suitors
can afford to appeal the already gorged docket
of that court will be clogged beyond all possi-
bility of the cases being heard for several
years. The committee therefore propose that
the jurisdiction in these cases shall be as it was
formerly in the circuit court.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
whether the section which he proposes to re-
peal is not that section to which a year or two
ago, when under consideration in this House, an
amendment was moved by the honorable gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson"] and passed,
taking by surprise this side of the House ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is the very same. A
bill came from the Senate consisting of this one
section in reference to appeals to the Supreme
Court, extending the jurisdiction of that court
in such cases; and to that we added the amend-
ment taking away the jurisdiction of that tri-
bunal in another class of cases.
Mr. WOODWARD. And you now propose
to repeal only the first section?
Mr. SCHENCK. The first section.
Mr. WOODWARD. With the leave of the
gentleman from Ohio I will move to amend
so as to repeal also the second section.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot give way for that
purpose; and I can explain, I think, to the
satisfaction of the gentleman himself why the
action he proposes ought not to be taken. Two
years ago we had neither the first nor the sec-
ond section upon our statute-book. _ No appeal
was allowed to the Supreme Court in eases of
habeas corpus; nor was there any appeal in
cases involving the payment of duties, &c.,
where the amount was less than $2,000. Con-
gress in 1867 passed an act allowing appeals
to the Supreme Courtin casesof habeas corpus.
During the last session an act was passed, the
first section of which it is now proposed to re-
peal, that first section allowing appeals to the
Supreme Courtin these little cases in reference
to internal revenue. In adopting that pro-
vision we committed, as 1 think, a mistake. In
the second section of the same act the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in habeas
corpus cases was taken away.^ We now pro-
pose to repeal the first section, leaving the
second section just where it is.
If this bill which I now present should pre-
vail we shall be set back with reference to both
these questions just where we were in 1867.
The Supreme Court will not have appellate
jurisdiction either in cases of habeas corpus or
in these little revenue cases. Both classes of
questions will be left with the circuit courts,
where I think they ought properly to be de-
termined.
Mr. WOODWARD. Whether the act of
