1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
depression of the market value of securities didnot
occur, fluctuations, alleged favoritism, and recurring
contractions must ensue."
Here is a provision that is intended to prevent,
if it has any effect, these sudden and violent
contractions. Although it may be true that
within a month the greenbacks of the country
would be contracted to the extent of $2,000,000,
yet it would not be such a contraction as
would in itself produce any practical evils to
the country, particularly where provision is
made that $2,000,000 of coin notes at the same
time shall be issued( and put in circulation.
This objection made to this amendment is
plausible, but it is only such an objection as can
be made to any possible plan that can be con-
ceived. While the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] in discussing this
bill, objects to it in detail, he fails to suggest
any substitute, he fails to show that any other
plan has been suggested by anybody which
would produce more satisfactory results to the
country than the plan reported by the commit-
tee. If the honorable Senator will submit a
financial scheme to the Senate, inexperienced
as I am I will undertake to find as much fault
with it as he has found with this plan submit-
ted by the Committee on Finance. Sir, our
tables are loaded down with pamphlets and
memorials and resolutions from boards of trade,
all suggesting a variety of plans and schemes
for the financial relief of the country, and at
the same time pointing out difficulties in other
plans and schemes proposed_ by other persons
and other parties. I think this objection of the
honorable Senator will not be found to possess
any practical value, that this contraction of
which he speaks will not, if it is limited to
$2,000,000 a month and is in that way made
gradual, produce any considerable evil in the
country.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
objects to this amendment because it would
not allow, as he suggests, contraction to go on
as rapidly as it otherwise would. His peculiar
views on this subject are well known ; he is in
favor of a contraction of the currency. This
section, as it was prepared and reported by the
committee, meets his views entirely, and he is
opposed to any restriction upon the conversion
of greenbacks into bonds.
But, sir, I care not longer to detain the Sen-
ate. I only rose upon the spur of the occa-
sion, without any preparation, to make a few
remarks upon the speech of the Senator from
Indiana. He seemed to be greatly dissatisfied
with the action of the committee and every
member of the committee, and I thought with
a little practical explanation of the meaning
of this bill he would be better able to under-
stand it and less anxious to insist upon his
objections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] which will be
reported.
The amendment was read, as follows:
To add to the third section of the bill the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That not to exceed $2,000,000 of lawful
money shall be converted into bonds, as herein pro-
vided, in any one month.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the committee
were of the opinion, with the exception of the
Senator from Oregon, that it was impractica-
ble to limit the conversion of these notes into
bonds. The criticism of the Senator from New
York sufficiently answers it. If $2,000,000
only can be funded, who shall present those
$2,000,000? Will there not be ground for pref-
erence and privilege ? " First come first served,''
it is said. Then the men nearest the Treasury
Department will be first served. I think it is
impracticable, and I do not think there is any
practical danger in allowing this plan to be
broad and open, free to every one. Probably
the funding of five or ten million dollars of
greenbacks, or, at most, ten or fifteen millions
of greenbacks, in the course of two or three
months, will stop the desire to convert. Raise
the greenback to the par of ten-forties, and
gradually appreciate them to gold.
The question is a simple one. The Senate
is rather thin, and I should like to have the
yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the honorable
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Cattbll]
agreed with me in the necessity of this amend-
ment. He is one of the members of the Com-
mittee on Finance. As to the. objection made
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, I desire
to say that that is a very insignificant matter
compared with the effect of a large and unlim-
ited contraction of currency that might possibly
follow the adoption of this third section of the
bill. Suppose men go with $5,000,000 of notes
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and he re-
deems $2,000,000 and sends away the others,
there may be a little personal difficulty or in-
convenience in that; but what of it? Few
men, compared with the whole number, will
be injured. Nothing is taken away from any-
body. Here is a privilege that everyDody can-
not enjoy, but it is necessarily limited to afew.
I-eannot see that that objection is one that has
very much weight, because it only concerns a
few individuals, while this restriction upon the
contraction concerns the whole business of
the country.
Mr. MORTON. The proposition is, to con-
tract $24,000,000 a year—$2,000,000 a month.
I think if there is anything certain in regard
to the feeling of the country it is that it wants
no contraction at all. When the contraction was
$4,000,000 a month, the country condemned
it from one end of it to the other. The gen-
eral conviction is that there is no more cur-
rency now than we need. What do we want of
contraction at the rate of 82,000,000 a month ?
What will that accomplish for the purposes
proposed in the way of bringing the currency
up? I deny that it will have that effect at all;
but if it could, it would be a very slow process.
It would take some fourteen years to get it up
in that way. Sir, we do not want any con-
traction.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Concurring mainly in
the views he has just now expressed, I ask
whether the amendment is not a restriction
upon the possible contraction that may take
place, and with his views is not this better as
an amendment to prevent a greater contrac-
tion than this will permit?
Mr. MORTON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was disposed to vote
for the amendment for that reason.
Mr. MORTON. I would vote for the amend-
ment as being the lesser of two evils, because
I think I cannot be mistaken in supposing that
the contraction will be great under the bill.
But we do not want a contraction of $2,000,000
a month. I am going to vote against contrac-
tion altogether. We do not want any of it, in
my judgment. Tvrhat good can be accomplished
by this gradual contraction of $2,000,000 a
month? What will it do for the currency?
What will it accomplish in any way?
Mr. POMEROY. As between unlimited
contraction and $2,000,000. would you not go
for the $2,000,000?
Mr. MORTON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, let us have the
vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have not a copy of
the bill before me at this moment, and t should
like to inquire whether, in relation to this mat-
ter of contraction, it is limited. Is auything
left to the Secretary of the Treasury m his
discretion with regard to it; or is he directod
to receive greenbacks and issue these bonds
whenever they may be presented, without any
limitation whatever?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Soli-
ctor that every holder of greenbacks has a
right under the bill to present them, and the
Secretary is bound to issue bonds. If the
limit of $2,000,000 a month is put upon it the
Secretary must necessarily have the discretion
of saying who-shall receive the $3,000,000 in
case there should, be application, for iv greater
funding than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. - Without designing to
enter into this debate on financial questions, I
will suggest that my, opinion is that Senators
have been altogether too much alarmed,at the
idea of giving some discretion to the finapcial
officer of the Government. In my judgment
it is utterly impossible for a legislative body to
anticipate all the series of circumstances that
may operate from time, to time to render action
in one way or another advisable. In my judg-
ment it would be very much better to give,th&
authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue these bonds from time to time and to re-
ceive greenbacks, rather than to impose upon
him positively the order that he shall do it.
What will be the effect of that order ? In a cer-
tain state of the money market there would be
agreatrush, perhaps, for conversion, supposing
that this was to become a desirable matter, and
in another state of the money market there
would be no call whatever.
At some periods it would be very injurious
to have a large amount of conversions. At
another time it would pioduce no evil effect,
and possibly produce good, it has got to be
ilie idea that it will not do to intrust discre-
tion to the financial officer of the Government,
whose duty it is to watch the money market,
to observe everything, and so to conduct the
finances of the Government as to avail himself
as he best may of everything that is presented
to him in the state of facts, but instead of that
to have a legislative body in advance decree
that they know by intuition, or by the fact
that they are legislators, all the circumstances
affecting the money market that are to accrue
in the course of the year, and to decide pre-
cisely what shall be done. I think that is very
bad policy, and that you must, if you wish to
conduct financial aflairs well, place them at
the discretion, m some measure at least, and
a very considerable measure, of the finaucial
officer who stands at the head, and who con-
ducts them ; aud if you do not like him, you
may have liim removed and get somebody else.
But it will not do to have a Secretary of the
Treasury with no discretion, acting in the way
he has to act, considering the circumstances
under which we stand, with such enormous
financial operations as must necessarily take
place under the peculiar condition of circum-
stances in which this country is now situated.
It would appear to me out of the question to
have these matters done well unless you repose
very much to his discretion.
1 would not render it imperative upon him
to make these conversions whentany man pre-
sented notes. I should give him the author-
ity to do it, and I would not limit him to
$2,000,000 a month or any other amount a
month. There is great force in the argu-
ment which was presented by_ my honorable
friend from Vermont, in saying that if you
put it at $2,000,000 a month he must have
that sum and no more during the month,
which may or may not work well. But if you
, limit him to so much a year, although I think
: that would not be advisable, yet it would be
! very much better than to fix it at a certain
! sum from month to month.
j I do not agree with the Senator from ludi-
! ana in his statement that the injury to the
I country, if there was any injury arising from
our former bill allowing a contraction of
$4,000,000 a month, came upon us from that
fact alone. Senators forget that that was but
a small part of the contraction during the
period in which it was in operation. During
that period all our large floating dabt—and it.
was very large, and was used us a currency
consisting of different kinds of paper, com-
pound-interest notes and other securities—was
turned into bonds. That of itself made a
large contraction, and the contraction of
$4,000,000 a mouth of legal tenders coming
upon the end of that unquestionably may
have produced an evil by rendering the con-
struction too great; but at the time when we
stopped it entirely we had got to a point
