1869.
THE ■COKttRESSiQlf AL< GiLOBf.
its
produces in the nation two independent parties who j
can consider each other as enemies and acknowledge
110 common judge. Those two parties therefore must
necessarily be considered as constituting, at least for
a time, two separate bodies, two-distinct societies.
Having 110 commou gupenor to judge between them
they stand in precisely the same predicament as two
nations who engage in a contest and have recourse
to arms."
Th& Supreme Court, in the prize cases, 2
Black, 6?<A, sayi'
"All persons residing within this territory, whose
propei ty may be used to increase the revenues of
the hostile power, are in this contest liable to be
tieated as enemies, though they arc not foreigners."
Further :
" The products of the soil of the hostile territory,
as tRe source of its wealth and strength, are always
regarded as legitimate prize without regard to the
domicile of the owner, and. much more so if he
reside within the.ir territory."
In the case of Mrs. Alexanders cotton, 2
Wallace, 410, the Cliief Justice says, delivering
the opinion of tlie court:
" It is said, that though remaining in rebel terri-
tory Mrs. Alexander had no personal sympathy
with the rebel causo.and that her property there-
fore cannot be regarded as rebel property; but this
court cannot inquire into the persona) character and
disposition ot' individual inhabitants of enemy ter-
ritory ; we must be governed by the principles of
public law so often announced from this bench as
applicable alike to civil and international wars,
that all the people of each State or district in insur-
rection against the United Sta tes must be regarded
as enemies until by the action of the Legislature and
the hlxeeutive, or otherwise, that relation is thor-
oughly and permanently changed."
As it is clear that there is no legal obligation
to indemnify for the destruction or use of prop-
erty in the rebel territory, so it is clear that
such claim is not founded in justice. It is a
misconception to hold that the property of
loyal citizens in enemy territory when taken
for war purposes, is taken under the govern-
mental right of ''eminent domain" and to bo
compensated for. It is a principle of the com-
mon law too familiar to be questioned, that m
emergency, as to prevent pestilence, shipwreck,
loss of life, starvation, or in case of public
calamity, private property may be taken and
destroyed without the party destroying it being
liable in damages. All men hold their prop-
erty subject to this rule, and as an equivalent
have the benefit of the rule. (12 Coke, 62; 1
Dallas, 357.) The maxim is, Ifecessitas quod
cogit defendit. What necessity compels ne-
cessity defends. If a canker is eating at the
finger and sending its virus through the body,
you may cut off the finger or arm so as to save
the, body and the finger cannot complain, for
it would have died with the body. I do not
deny that this property of Miss Murphey was,
on the principles adopted by the commission,
worth $7,000, but 1 do insist that on true and
correct principles it was worth nothing. If
this Government had not exerted its power
and put down the rebellion the confederacy
would have been established. The claimant
is to be assumed to have been a loyal woman;
such is her claim. She is to be assumed to
have been the enemy of the confederacy; she
was our friend. It is only on thai assumption
that she lias any standing here; and by the
law of nations as well as by the then existing
statutes of the confederacy her property would,
on the success of the rebellion, have been con-
fiscated by the confederate government. This
was done in many States after the Revolution
before the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion. Her property was worth nothing to
her if the United States had not successfully
interfered.
And what justice is there in calling on this
Government, to pay for the destruction or use
of that which if they had not used or de-
stroyed would have been valueless ?
It is said again, if we refuse to recog-
nize the claims of t.he loyal we make no dis-
crimination in favor of loyalty, and that there
is no profit in possessing that virtue. A pesti-
lence when it enters a town does not dis-
criminate in favor of loyalty or of any other
viitn'o, and this Government, is as irresponsible
for tiie rebellion as for the pestilence.
Again, I insist that the Government of the
United States is not the responsible cause of
.talcing :Miss Murphey's property. The instiga-
tors of the rebellion by ma-king, war on us took
her property. General Sherman went down
there to protect that country, to protect her
and her property, and heput his foot upon her
house and destrpyed it. He is not the>respon-
sible cause of the destrnctionof her property.
One might as well hold the brave men who
come to extinguish the fire and save yourhouse
and family from destruction responsible for
the damage the, saving stream does to your
household goods. It is the fire, not the water;
it is the incendiary, not the fireman, that causes
the damage. This Government is not t.he re-
sponsible cause of the destruction-of any
property in the enemy's territory.
It' we are to begin to pay for the results of-the
rebellion why shall we not as well pay those
who suffered within ourown lines? Why should
not the merchant whose shipping has been
destroyed be paid? Why not pay the estate
of Thaddeus Stevens for his loss? Yes; and
as lile is more favored in the law than prop-
erty, why not pay the widows and orphans of
the North the pecuniary value of the lives of
their husbands and fathers?
As to the plea that the Government was
bound to protect the loyal citizens, I will only
add to what I have said that this nation did
all itcould to protect the property, and it never
entered into any contract with any citizen to
do more than that. If there is no neglect there
is no claim growing out of neglect. But be-
sides, the injury complained of results from
t.he very act of affording that protection which
it is insisted we were bound to render, and
affordisg it successfully, too.
It is insisted, and was urged by my friend
from Wisconsin, that the Governments making
provision for payment for cotton of loyal citi-
zens seized in the enemy's country has estab-
lished a precedent that covers this claim. That
I must deny. It was wise legislation that au-
thorized the seizure of cotton wherever found,
inasmuch as cotton constituted the chief means
by which the rebels were furnished with the
munitions of war. It was wise to remove it,
and it was wise to remove the cotton of loyal
citizens, for that was subject to be seized by
the rebel government, and it was impossible
for us to discriminate that which was the prop-
erty of the loyal from that which was the prop-
erty of the disloyal. It was wise for the United
States to seize and sell it and then pay the net
pro.ceeds to loyal owners, because it kept the
cotton out of rfebel hands, and because it cost
the Treasury of the United States nothing.
Does the paying of damages incident to the
war, such as this case, cost the Treasury of
the United States nothing? If that be true I
will vote for the payment of the claim. Who
cannot see the broadest distinction between
these two cases ? When I as a trustee receive
a fund for the benefit of my cestui que trust,
and pay it out to him, the receiving of it does
not increase, and the payment of it does not
diminish my estate; but when I am called
on as a wrongdoer to pay the value of prop-
j erty that is destroyed, that directly affects my
l interest.
j Paying the net proceeds of cotton to loyal
i owners has not cost the nation anything; it
| has only paid what it received. The establish-
j uient of the principle involved in this claim
might exhaust the Treasury. There is a dif-
ference in the two cases, I think.
The only precedent on this subject that I
know of is, that by a vote of Congress the
Court of Claims were forbidden front taking
jurisdiction of any claim whatever arising in
the rebel territory. If the Government desire
to pay any claim of this characterjt can only
do so as a matter of generosity. I insist that it
! should not do so on the ground that the claim
! is either legal or founded on justice. i'ier®
may be cases that appeal to the generosity of
the Government, but when we come to act on
! that principle we should remember that we are
i the trustees, guardians of the nation's Treasury,
! and should not forget that even such an cxer-
! cise of governmental fayor might easily be per-
v«rted into.-a precedent t.o prove that thfcO.nited
States had acknowledged its obligation in law
and in justice to pay for the.injurious result^
of the war to those who claim to hav,e been
loyal in the enemy's territory.
, Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as a mem-
ber of the Committee an Claims it is perbajra
becoming in me to say a few words on this
subject. The ground upon which tli'e'honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, if I understand
him correctly, places this claim is' that it 5s the
duty ,of the Government to protect {illj^oyal
citizens. • • ■
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator did not. understand me cdrrectly if that la
the way he understood me.
Mr. HOWARD. I certainly so understood
the honorable Senator.
Mr. HOWE. By no manner of means.
Mr. HOWARD. I certainly understpod
that from the remarks which the honorable
Senator made a few days ago when - this bill
was under discussion, but 1 probably raisan-
derstood him. However, I apprehend .that
whatever may be the ground upon which he
chooses to place it, that in the end will be dis-
covered to be the only plausible ground upon
which it can be rested.
Now, sir, I entirely deny the proposition that
in time of war or at any time it is one of the
duties of the government of a nation or the
government of a State to indemnify citizens for
the losses which may have occurred in the
course of a war offensive or defensive, Of in
the event of a riot or any public disturbance
which endangers the peace of the community
or the property of the community.
The honorable Senator must be aware-that
the Committee on Claims have already-passed
on quite a number of claims involving the
same principles upon which this must rest.
That committee had before them the claim of
the New York and Virginia Steamship Com-
pany, and for the information of the Senate I
beg leave to read a few passages from (he
report of the committee on that case. The
committee say:
"The petitioners claim compensation for the de-
struction and loss of the Yorktown and the James-
town, two steamships belonging to them, and em-
ployedin theyear 1861 and previously in the business
of navigation between New York and Richmond, anu
in transporting the United States mail between those
two ports under a contract with the Government.
They allegethaton their regulartripsi'rom iNew York
to Richmond thoYorktownwas seized on the 17! h ot
April, and the Jamestown on tho 18th of April. 1861,
theformerat Richmond and thelatterat City Point;
that these seizures were made by the Governor of
V irginia, and that the twosteamships wero con verted
into gunboats by the robel authoriiies, ifsed in the
rebel service, nnd finally blown up and destroyed on
thecapturcof Richmond; that soon after these seiz-
ures certain persons representing the authorities,of
Virginia prop.osed to pay the company the valno of
the two steamers^ with damages for their detention,
but that on consulting tho secretary of the btate the
company were informed that such a settlement would
bo it legal and treasonable, lor the reason that it would
bo converting the seizure into a formal sale of the
property to the enemy."
That, perhaps, is a sufficient statement of the
facts of the case. There is no doubt about the
fact that the rebels in Virginia seized those two
valuable steamers, converted them in the first
place to the use of the government of Virginia,
then in rebellion against the United States, and
afterwards turned them over to the Confeder-
ate States of America, by which government
they were used during the pendency of the war
until the final capture of Richmond, at which
time they were blown up by the enemy and
utterly destroyed. This company was a corpo-
ration existing under the laws of the State of
New York. The steamers were tho property,
not of enemies, but of friends residing in the
loyal portion of the United States. Their prop-
erty was found at the commencement of hostili-
ties within the limits of the hostile territory; it
was there seized by the public enemy, converted
to his use, and ultimately destroyed. The Com-
mittee on Claims of this body, in investigating
the question and reporting to the Senate upon
it, used the following language:
" The question whether the Govermnent ought to
indemnity persons residt g in arna citizens or ine
loyal States for damages done to their .property 05
