174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
the rebels or under rebel authority daring the war,
is one which embraces the principle on which the
present claim appears to be founded. The commit-
too do not reco^nizc such an obligation. Cases may,
it is tiue, arise in which it would be proper and just
for the Governments come to the relief ot innocent
sufferers, but they must, we think, embrace some
peculiar fact or clement giving them an exceptional
aspect. War is a great, calamity, making little dis-
crimination between the good and the bad, the well-
doer and the ill-doer, the innocent and the guilty.
It is a scourge from which lew in the nation escape,
and its blows fall with pitiless severity upon all.
"Municipal laws are the instruments by which
Governments ordinal ily protect their subjects against
wioni-'s done to them by others, and a Jaitblu! admin-
istration of them is ordinarily tho measure ot pro-
tection which can bo demanded of a Uovernmeiit.
But war usually interrupts their administration to a
greater or less extent; and no Government on earth,
however prudent and however powerful, can avert
the calami ties it brings upon individuals. One nation
may, if it sees fit, make a sudden and unannounced
invasion of another, and seize and carry off private
property as the spoils of war, or seize and detain tho
persons of its owners. History abounds with such
instances; but wo do not undeistand it to bo a duty
ot theinsultedGovernment to niakegood thedamage
done in ail such cases. Our own history proves the
contrary; and tho numerous claims for indemnity to
our citizens for wrongs done them under the author-
ity ol otherGovcrnments, without having first made
good tho damage, constitute a long: chapter in our
diplomacy."
The committee, in this report, as well as in
other reports which have been made to this
body, have substantially, and I insist suffi-
ciently, rejected the idea that the Government
of this country is liable to indemnity loyal
persons residing in the South for the destruc-
tion of their property during the war, whether
that destruction was produced by the acts of
the enemy or by the necessary acts of our own
military forces in prosecuting the war to put
down the rebellion.
Sir, it is not the function of a Government
to indemnify its citizens against losses of prop-
erty ill tins way. Jt is not a principle of pub-
lic law that any such obligation rests upon a
Government. There may be some exceptions
to the general rule; but the duty of the Gov-
ernment is ordinarily, generally speaking, to
furnish the usual and necessary means for the
protection of life, liberty, and property, by the
proper administration of its laws in courts of
justice, and having furnished such instrument-
alities it, has discharged its duty to the citizen.
The war through which we have passed was,
as has been very justly remarked by the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, a civil war.
It. was a war to which there were distinct par-
ties belligerent, in its prosecution, on both
sidos, it was attended by the enforcement of
all the ordinary rules and usages of war per-
taining to tile code of war when waged between
independent nations. Humanity required that
both patties should recognize those usages.
Hence we find that blockades were estab-
lished, exchanges of prisoners were established,
and indeed ali the incidents growing out, of a
state ot national war were recognized by our
own courts. The territory of tho belligerent
States was t,o all intents and purposes, as has
been more than once recognized by theSupreme
Court ot the United States, enemy's territory,
and all persons residing within the limits of
that territory, and all property situated there,
have been regarded by our courts of justice as,
in the sense of the laws of war, enemies and
enemy property.
Now, sir, I deny that by the principles of
public law or any law it is incumbent upon the
Government of the United States to indemnify
a loyal person residing in the insurgent States
for tho loss of property taken by the Union
armies in the regular prosecution of the war.
You might as well say, in my judgment—and
you must say if you recognize such a princi-
ple—that it is the duty of the Government of
the United States to indemnify and pay every
■ship owner whose vessel was captured upon the
high seas or elsewhere by the pirates that
roamed the ocean and who emigrated from
England or any other foreign country. It will
be, if we recognize this claim, Mr. President,
it seems to me—I do not see how we are to
avoid it—incumbent upon us to pay off every
cent of the claims which we now make against
England for the destruction of our shipping by
their Alabamas. How are we to avoid it, sir?
Where is the distinction between the two cases?
Here we are called upon to indemnify this lady
whose house was destroyed, it seems, by Gen-
eral Sherman in the regular prosecution of the
war. Why are we called upon to do this ?
Because, it is said, that we owed to her the duty
of protection; that she being a loyal woman
was to be protected in the enjoyment of her
property, and if that was taken from her, either
by our own troops or by the enemy—for there
is no distinction between the two cases—then
she is to be indemnified. And so will the
owners of the ships that have been destroyed
by the Alabatnas present their claim; they
will say to us that we owed them protection in
the same sense and upon exactly the same
principle that we owed it to this lady.
Sir, we are under no such obligation; the
Government itself is under no such duty, and
there is 110 piinciple of public law that I can
discover that would authorize us to tax the
people of the United States for the payment
of such claims. We did our duty when we
organized regular governments in the South
and kept them up there. It was a misfortune
both to the people of the South and the people
of the North that this war broke out; but it
did break out, and it raged like a flame upon
the prairie, destroying everything within its
reach; and I insist that this controversy is to
be treated as a war, and that no person is to
claim indemnity at our hands simply upon the
ground that at heart he was a loyal person
residing in the southern States. Suppose he
should he loyal to-day and to-monow he
should become in his heart disloyal, what are
you to do in such a case as that? And those
cases, of course, must, be very numerous. Sir,
we can take cognizance of no such feeling of
the heartamong the people at tho South during
the war; we must adopt the language of the
Supreme Court which has just been read, and
say that it is not competent lor us t.o make any
inquiry into thefeelings of the claimant whether
he is loyal or disloyal. We can only take
cognizance of the fact that he resided or that
his property was situated in the hostile terri-
tory, and if either the one or the other was
there it was subject, by the laws of war, to be
seized or to be destroyed as the exigencies of
the war might require.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I wish, if I
can, to make the Senate understand—certainly
1 shall be able to make my friend from New
Jersey and my fiieud from Michigan under-
stand—that I do not defend this claim for a
moment upon any such pretense as that the
Government, is bound to indemnify its friends
in any section of the country against damages
sustained through the act or action of its
enemies. Not at all; I impose no such duty
upon the sovereignty. Whatever loss Miss
Murphey or anybody, my friend from New
Jersey even included, has sustained by the
action of our enemies, this Government is not
bound to pay for. What I do insist upon is,
that because tho neighbors of Miss Murphey
or the neighbors of the Senator from New
Jersey happen to turn traitors at any time, that
gives 110 license to the Government of the
United States, whose loyal friend the Senator
from New Jersey is, and whose loyal friend
Miss Murphey was, to plunder him or her.
Miss Murphey asks this Government to pay
for property which this Government has taken
and used, and the Senator from Michigan
reads here as authority against it, the decision
of the Committee on Claims refusing to pay
for two steamboats which the rebel gov-
ernment took and converted to their use,
confounding the conversion of property by
the rebel government with the conversion and
use of property by the Government of the
United States. It seems to me that the dis-
tinction is as broad as distinctions can possibly
be. I do not insist upon the duty or obliga-
tion of indemnity ; I simply say that the Gov-
ernment should pay for this property because
they look it, and took it from a loyal person ;
and I do not care where that persou resided,
within or without the district occupied by the
rebellion, I say, in justice the Government is
bound to pay for it. But in point of fact
Miss Murphey did not reside within the dis-
trict occupied by the rebellion any more than
the Senator from New Jersey did, or any
more than I did. She was living at Decatur ;
it was in Alabama, to be sure; but, that por-
tion of Alabama was under the flag of the
United States, and Decatur was occupied by
the troops of the United States, and the re-
bellion had no more force or authority over
Decatur than it had over Newark or over
Detroit.
Mr. FRELTNGHUYSEN. I will ask my
friend whether his attention has been called to
the view the Supreme Court took of the point
he is now upon, in the case of Mrs. Alexan-
der? Her cotton was also witbin our lines;
but the Supreme Court said in that case that
although temporarily it was witbin our lines,
the territory had not acquired that character,
by means of legislative action or otherwise,
which took it out of the rules which applied
to enetny territory. There the great river where
the cotton was taken had been, I think, three
weeks in our possession under Banks's expe-
dition, but it. afterwaid went back to the enemy.
Mr. HOWE. My attention has been called
to that precise point, and I cited the case of
Mrs. Alexander's cotton the other day as au-
thority upon that point, and I called the atten-
tion of the Senate then, as I call t.he attention
of the Senate now once more, to the distinctive
ground upon which this whole doctrine rests.
The Senator was right when he said that the
question of the personal feeling of the owner
of the property had nothing to do with the
question of the liability to pay ; but, it was the
predicament of the property, it was the ques-
tion whether the property was liable to serve
the purposes of the enemy or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then we must pay rebels
as well as loyal people if their property conies
under the same conditions.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand the Sen-
ator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the motive, if the
state of feeling of the particular person who
owns the property has nothing to do with the
question, then a rebel whose property was
taken under the same circumstances in Deca-
tur has the same right to compensation that
Sue Murphey has.
Mr. HOWE. I say the question whether
the persou is friendly or hostile has nothing to
do with the question of our liability ; it is the
question, what is the predicament of the prop-
erty, what is the position of the property, what
is the situation of the property? if the prop-
erty is so situated that it is liable and likely to
be made to serve the purposes of the enemy,
then the Government is not liable to pay, let it
be owned by a friendly or hostile individual.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, I ask my honor-
able friend if the result is not that the question
of the loyalty or disloyalty of the owner of
property that is taken has nothing whatever to
do with the question whether we ought to pay
for it? That is the proposition my friend
asserts, as I understand him. Then the result
would be, on his line of reasoning, that if
there was a rebel owner of property in Decatur
who until our flag stood there had been re-
sisting it with all his might, the moment we
came in and occupied his property after the
enemy had been driven away then we should
be bound to make him compensation just as
well, because the rule is that it is the status of
the property, not of the owner, that is to govern
the duty of compensation. I do not agree to
it at all.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, I do
not think that it is a fair comment upon the
statement I made. When you take the prop-
erty of a rebel you take it under a right to
confiscate it, or you take it and exclude him
from ail your tribunals upon the ground of his
personal enmity. That is the way you get rid
of paying him; but; you cannot exclude your
friend from yoar tribunals; he has a right- to
