1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-112
to the widow and minor children of Lieutenant
Richard H. Allen;
A bill (H. R. No. 1944) granting a pension
to Bridget Hayes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1945) granting a pension
to Sarah A. Scherr ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension
to Mary A.. Amer ;
A bill (EL R. No. 1947) granting a pension
to Catherine S. B. Spear;
A bill (H. R. No. 1948) granting a pension
to Nancy Reed;
A bill (H. R. No. 1949) granting a pension
to James H. Maguire;
A bill (H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension
to Richard Look ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1951) granting a pension
to Martha E. McKinney ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1952) granting a pension
to Matilda Carney;
A bill (H. R. No. 1953) granting a pension
to John R. Ray ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1954) granting a pension
to Maria Walters ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1955) increasing the pen-
sion of William J. Patton ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1956) granting a pension
to Lorenzo Day;
A bill (EL R. No. 1957) granting a pension
to Rachel 0. Floyd ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1958) granting a pension
to Allen E. Rector ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1959) granting a pension
to Edward W. White ;
A bill (H. R. No. I960) granting a pension
to Ellen Green;
A bill (H. R. No. 1961) granting a pension
to Sarah A. Wilcox ;
A bill (H. R. No. 19G2) granting a pension
to William McDonald;
A bill (EL R. No. 1963) granting a pension
to Emily H. Gardner; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 450) to reim-
burse the Government the amount of pension
improperly paid to Martha A. Wallace.
martin whitt.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 499) granting a pension to the
widow and child of Martin Whitt, deceased,
which was to strike out the words:
At the rate of eight dollars per month for herself
during widowl'ood, andtwo dollarsper month fortho
child of said Martin Whitt until it shall attain the
age of sixteen yearb, commciiein? Septemberl9,186-3.
And in Heu thereof to insert: "commencing Septem-
ber 19, 1863."
The amendment was concurred in.
message from tub house.
A message from the House ofRepresentatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following hills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate :
A bill (H. R. No. 621) to authorize the build-
ing of a military and postal railway from Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to the city of New
York;
A bill (H. R. No. 1906) for the relief of
Foster and Tower; and
A bill (EI. R. No. 1967) to compensate the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Ivearsarge for the destruction of the rebel pirat-
ical vessel Alabama.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Presidentpro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 281) granting a pension to
Anne Dycher, widow of Matthew D. Dyclier ;
A bill (S. No. 457) granting a pension to
Elizabeth J. Miller, widow of General John
Miller; and
A bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of Jane Mc-
Murray.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 621) to authorize the
building of a military and postal railway from
Washington, District of Columbia, to the city
of New York, was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that bill be
printed, and lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill (H. R. No. 1966) for the relief of
Foster & Tower was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1967) to compensate
the officers and crew of the United States
steamer Kearsarge for the destruction of the
rebel piratical vessel Alabama was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 450) to re-
imburse the Government the amount of pen-
sion improperly paid to Martha A. Wallace
was read twice by its tide, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 361, a little bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot give way. I
have a hundred applications.
Mr. CORBETT. It is for the relief of two
little children who were captured by the In-
dians. It is to take money from some annui-
ties due the Indians that captured them, and to
invest the same in United States securities for
their support. I ask unanimous consent to
take it up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot grant it. I
must give way to a hundred others if I do.
There are a hundred applications at least.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(II. R. No. 1046) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works, and for other purposes,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole ; and the reading of the amendments
reported by the Committee on Commerce will
be continued.
The next amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce was in line forty-eight,
to strike out the appropriation of $75,000 for
the improvement of White river harbor, Mich-
igan.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
of the committee will not be concurred yi.
This is one of the most important harbors on
the eastern coast of Lake Michigan, and is
becoming more and more important every day.
There has been an appropriation of $75,000
heretofore for the improvement of that harbor
by making a cut across a short neck of land.
There is a small lake which will be connected
by this cut with the main body of the lake.
This small lake, known as White lake, is six
miles long and proportionately wide. It has
a very considerable depth of water. The aver-
age depth of water in that little lake is from
thirty to forty feet. It furnishes one of the
best harbors on Lake Michigan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
m)r friend from Michigan that he had better
allow this to pass by, because I shall ask a
division, and there is no quorum present now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be passed over
informally for the present.
The PRESIDENTjwoiem/wre. The amend-
ment will be passed over for the present if there
be no objection ; and the next amendment of
the committee will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
which was in line fifty-one, to reduce the ap-
propriation for the improvement of Pentwater
harbor, Michigan, from $25,000 to $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-five,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of Manistee harbor, Michigan, from
$25,000 to $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-six, to
strike out the appropriation of $10,000 for the
improvement of the harbor at Aux Bees Scies,
Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in line sixiy-fivg,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of Saint Clair flats, Lake Saint Clair,
from $200,0p0 to $114,000." '
The amendment was agreed to. • t
The next amendment was in line sixty-eiglit,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at Cleveland, Ohio, from
$20,000 to $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-
two, to reduce the appropriation for the im-
provement of Erie harbor, Pennsylvania, from
$50,000 to $10,000.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce why the appropriation for Erie harbor
is reduced so very largely?
Mr. CHANDLER. Forty thousand dollars
has been allotted out of the $1,500,000 appro-
priated last year. The whole amount is re-
tained, but the amount allotted last fall is
deducted from thisappropriation, asinall other
similar cases.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Apparently the appro-
priation is reduced from $50,000 to $10,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have the statement
of the engineer here, and if the Senator is de-
sirous to hear it I can read it, stating that
$40,000 has been allotted to that harbor out
of the appropriation of last year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the.committee wag
in lines seventy-four and seventy-five, to strike
out the appropriation of $25,000 for the im-
provement of the harbor at Dunkirk, New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that this amend-
ment be passed over for the present. My col-
league, who is not here at this moment, has a
suggestion to make about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over for the present; and the next
amendment will be read.
The next amendment was in line eighty-one,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of harbor at Charlotte, New York, from.
$10,000 to $8,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-four,
to reduce the appropriation for the improve-
ment of Oswego harbor, New York, from
$60,000 to $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-six,
to strike out the appropriation of $10,000 for
the improvement of the harbor at Wilson,
Niagara county, New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope this amendment
will not prevail, for reasons which I will state
as briefly as I may. This is a harbor on Lake
Ontario, twelve miles from the mouth of isiag-
ara river. It has been for twenty years a port
of entry, and nevertheless not a farthing has
ever been appropriated for that harbor. It
was constructed and has been maintained as
far as it exists by private contributions entirely,
there being no instance in which, directly or
indirectly, it has received anything of public
money, as I understand.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
New York allow this amendment to lie over,
as two others have been passed over, until the
Senate is fuller? I do not desire to have a
division just now.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will defer the
observations I have to make.
ThePRESIDENTjproferrejxire. The amend-
ment will be passed by for the present if there
be no objection, and the next amendment of
the committee will be stated.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
ninety and ninety-one, in the following words :
For improvement of harbor at White Hail, New
York. 810,000.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of some member of the committee the reason
for striking out the appropriation of $10;OGO
