1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
stantial change has been made in the second
section of the bill relating to gold contracts?
Mr. SCHENCK. None whatever; it stands
just as it passed the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very glad to learn
that that section is retained. I cannot better
express my approval of this bill than by stat-
ing the fact that I introduced this provision
into this House as a separate bill more than a
year ago and have earnestly urged its passage.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio. I hold in my
hand a resolution to which I hope my colleague
[Mr. Schenck] will assent. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the pending bill be recommitted to
the committee of conference with instructions to
strike out all of section two except so much as legal-
izes coin contracts on a coin consideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot agree to that
because it is not in order, and it' it were in
order I would not agree to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, X was a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
which prepared this bill, and also of the com-
mittee of conference which has just acted on
and reported it. I concede that my objections
to the bill are radical. I am opposed to the
whole policy of legislation of which this is a
part. Our system of finance is at present but
pieces of patchwork thrown hastily together;
in other words, it is no system at all. It is a
series of disjointed acts of legislation thrown
together from time to time during the emer-
gency of the war, without regard to any par-
ticular financial principle. This bill will but
add another scrap to that patchwork of which
we have already too much.
This bill, in my judgment, looks to speedy
resumption, for which the country is not at all
prepared. Resumption looks to contraction,
because in my judgment contraction must pre-
cede resumption. The effect of this measure,
if it should become a law, will certainly be to
contract the currency and carry us rapidly in
the direction of resumption, for which I be-
lieve the business interests of the country are,
I repeat, in no wise prepared at the present
time.
Then, again, sir, a large number of us upon
this side of the House, and I think quite a num-
ber upon the other side, believe that as to much
the largest number of the bonds now outstand-
ing the Government has the right to redeem
them after five years in United States notes,
or greenbacks, as they are usually termed.
There are others who do not concede that we
have absolutely this right, but say that the
matter is at least involved in great doubt. The
fact that a doubt exists in regard to this mat-
ter will give us a great leverage in any funding
system which may hereafter be adopted, or in
any general system looking to the reduction of
the interest on the public debt.
Now, this bill proposes to surrender uncon-
ditionally, and, in my judgment, without any
consideration to the great mass of the people,
the right of the Government to redeem these
bonds in legal-tender notes, thus pledging in
advance of our general system of finance to
the payment in coin of all the obligations
of the Government, including the five-twenty
bonds, which are not expressly declared to be
payable in currency.
Ill my judgment the bill can be considered
nothing else than a measure for the benefit of
our bondholders and creditors, without any
adequte consideration accruing to the Govern-
ment. I think such a measure is not proper at
this time, for we are not prepared on either
side of the House to adopt any new system of
finance, decidedly notin the expiring moments
of this Congress. A new Congress is about to
convene. Let that body, if it deems it wise,
take this whole question into consideration and
adopt some system which shall look to the re-
funding of our public debt. Some kind of
funding scheme seems to be in contemplation
by the party in power, which is faintly foreshad-
owed by this-bill, and for which it is evidently
intended to prepare the way. I am not pre-
pared to vote for arty funding scheme at present.
I do not think the country is prepared for that
either. Let us cease tinkering with the finances
any further, at all events until we are prepared
to bring order out of the general chaos and to
complete the whole work. No one pretends
that we are prepared for that now.
Another objection I have to this bill, as amend-
ed by this conference report, is that it restricts
us from redeeming our outstanding bonds even
in coin before maturity except upon certain
contingencies which may not happen. Sir, this
right to redeem our bonds at pleasure at early
and between stated periods is of great value to
us in further negotiations with our creditors.
This right, or supposed right, of redeeming
them in non-interest-bearing legal-tendernotes
is of still greater value to us in this respect.
These important, rights of redemption ought
not to be lightly surrendered. Neither good
faith nor sound policy require it.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman what he
considers the Government is obligated to pay
the "greenbacks" in?
Mr. NIBLACK. When we get the money
it is time enough to talk about paying our bonds
and the "greenbacks." It is sufficient for me
to know that "greenbacks" pass currently;
that they pay our debts and pass as money, and
may be circulated indefinitely until the Gov-
ernment finds itself in condition to redeem
them. When we are in condition to redeem
them it will be time enough to ask how they
shall be paid.
Mr. HIGBY. Is all our circulating paper
redeemable in gold? Would it not be accord-
ing to good faith to redeem them in gold?
Mr. NIBLACK. It is no time now to settle
this great question of how the public debt shall
be paid or to discuss the finances of the coun-
try. I shall close by repeating that this is an
unconditional surrender of the rights of the
Government without anything accruing to the
Government for that surrender.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not want to hurry pay-
ment more than the gentleman does; but I
refer to when it is paid.
Mr. RANDALL. It is time enough to say
that when we are ready to pay.
Mr. HIGBY. We have had a great deal said
on the subject by Democrats.
Mr. NIBLACK. Whatever the laws are I
am willing to abide by them. Believing this
is in the interest of the creditors of the Gov-
ernment and not in the interest of the Govern-
ment or the people of the United States, I de-
clined to sign the report of the committee of
conference and shall refuse to vote for it.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
for two minutes.
Mr, SHANKS. I wish to call the attention
of the House to what I think is a very grave
inconsistency in the first section of this bill.
It sets out by declaring that the bill passed
some time ago for the issue of five-twenty
bonds is to be construed in a certain way ; that
is, that they are payable in gold. Then it has
a proviso putting that in abeyance until a
certain contingency takes place. A bill passed
some five yearsago is brought in, and that is to
be held in abeyance until a certain other tiling
takes place, and thatother thing is the redemp-
tion of' 'greenbacks'' in gold. That is a serious
inconvenience. As it declares that to be the
case on its face which is not so, that the notes
were payable in gold in the first instance, it
places the debtor in the hands of the creditor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield for three
minutes to my colleague.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I was very
sorry that illness prevented tne from being here
when this bill passed the House, and I am glad
to have an opportunity now to say a word in its
favor. I will refer first to the argument of the
gentleman from Indiana, who says his chief
objection is to the first section.
Mr. SHANKS. I had only two minutes and
could not state in that time all my objections
to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I refer to the gentle-
man's colleague, [Mr. Nielack.] He bases
his opposition to the first section of the bill
on this, that it is a surrender of our power
over the subject in the future when we come
to some system of funding the public debt.
The only power we surrender is the power to
threaten repudiation. That, sir, is the sur-
render in this bill; and if any gentleman here
is unwilling to surrender that power I have
no sympathy with his sentiment on that sub-
ject.
Mr. Niblack rose.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have only three min-
utes and I cannot yield.
Now, sir, I favor the first section of the bill
because it declares plainly what the law is. I
affirm again what I have often declared in this
Hall, that the law does now require the pay-
ment of these bonds in gold. I hope I may
without impropriety refer to the fact that dur-
ing the last session I proved from the record
in this House, and in the presence of the author
of the law by which these bonds were author-
ized. that five distinct times in his speech,
which immediately preceded the passage of the
law, he declared the five-twenty bonds were
payable, principal and interest, in gold; and
that every member who spoke on the subject
took the same ground. That law was passed
with that declaration uncontradicted, and it
went into effect stamped with that declaration
by both Houses of Congress. That speech,
made on the eve of the presidential campaign,
was widely circulated throughout the country as
a campaign document, and those who held the
contrary were repeatedly challenged to refute
its statements. I affirm that its correctness was
not successfully denied. Not only Congress so
understand and declare, but every Secretary
of the Treasury from that day to this has de-
clared that these bonds are payable in gold.
The authorized agents of the Government sold
them and the people bought them with this
understanding.
The Government thus bound itself by every
obligation of honor and good faith, and it was
not until one year after the passage of the law
that any man in Congress raised even a doubt
on the subject. The doubts since raised were
raised mainly for electioneering purposes, and
the question was referred to the pepple for
arbitrament at the late presidential election.
After the fullest debate ever had on any great
question of national politics, in a contest in
which the two parties squarely and fairly joined
issue on this very point, it was solemnly de-
cided by the great majority which elected
General Grant that repudiators should be
repudiated and that the faith of the nation
should be preserved inviolate.
We are therefore bound by the pledged faith
of the nation, by the spirit and meaning of
the law, and finally by the voice of the people
themselves to resolve all doubts and settle the
credit of the United States by this explicit
declaration of the national will. The action
of the House on this bill has already been
hailed throughout the world as the dawn of
better days for the finances of the nation, and
every market has shown a wonderful improve-
ment of our credit. We could this day refund
our debt on terms more advantageous to the
Government by $120,000,000 than we could
have done the day before the passage of this
bill by the House. Make it a law and a ^ill
greater improvement will result. I can in no
way better indicate my views of propiiety of
passing the second section of this bill than by
reminding the House that I introduced this
proposition in a separate bill on the 10th of
February, 1868, and its passage has been more
generally demanded by the people and press
of the country than any other financial meas-
ure before Congress.
The principle involved in this section is
simply this: to make it possible for gold to
come into this country and to remain here.
Gold and silver are lawful money of the United
States, and yet the opponents of this section
would have us make it unlawful for a citizen to
make and enforce contracts which he may
