im
up. wrnxsmmm mhmm
m
another'thing which is foutid in tbe««Kw£*&<t
stitution; nay. in the same juxtaposition, not
divided, by a- line, as the language he referslto:
No person shall bo compelleil in any erirainnl
case to bo a witness against himself,'nor be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without due process of
law; nor shallprivate property be taken for pufciio
use without just compensation." •
, Ypa might just ag well saytbat this provision
of the Constitution,- the whole of which I have
now read-, covers this ease, and that it Was
utterly illegal for General Sherman to possess
iuraself pf this property at'all. Why? Be-
cause Miss JIurphey was being deprived of
life, .liberty, or property—property in this
casg—without due process of law. Now, Mr.'
President, have we not all said times too
numerous to make it necessary to say it iu this
case that iu the midst of arms laws like this
were silent? Have we not said in our votes,
and have we not said in our declarations a.,
thousand times—notwithstanding the. ponder-
ous shake of the head which the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin now. gives'fo the Sen-
ate—have we not said, I repeat, in a thousand
instances that during the existence of the re-
bellion under which the continent quaked it
was not true legally or ethically that either of
the provisions of the Oonstitutioa which [
have read were operating, and that you could
not fire a man's house or shoot at him if he
stood with arms in his hands unless you did
it by due process of law ? Are we not all 6f us
estopped from arguing that it ever was neces-
sary to swear out a- peace .warrant against this
rebellion, or sue it by summonsand complaint?
Now, sir, for other reasons which I might
give, I canuot divest this case for the purpose
of determining my vote from the fact that this
woman's property was occupied by a military
leader conducting a great war in the very
midst of the existence of that war.
Then, upon what principle are we to pay this
claim ? - Are we to say, as some Senators un-
derstand the.Supreme Court has said, without
qualification, that this was apublic war divid-
ing two belligerents? I use the term "bel-
ligerents" in the sense of thc public law. Are
we to take that theory and pay this claim ?
Upon what principle? If, being within our
lines, the Government of the United States oc-
cupied the property of Miss Murphy as a bar-
racks, as a magazine, as an emporium of some
sort, and thereby subjected it to an attack from
which otherwise it would have been exempt,
and the enemy destroyed it, we can all find a
principle of public law upon which she may be
paid. It was that principle strained to a great
length, under the advocacy of a very dexterous
and able man from my own State, which was
made to cover the case of the village of Black
Eock, burned on the frontier of New York
during the war of 1812. It was rather difficult,
and required, as I.say, great ingenuity to bring
the facts up to the requirement of the law, but
Congress virtually determined there that that
village was destroyed owingtoits selectionand
occupation for the military purposes of the
United States, in consequence of which a fire
was drawn upon it which otherwise it would
have escaped. That will not do here. I men-
tion it partly because the Senator thought the
question I put to him a very remote one.
Now, I submit to him that if it is to be
treated upon principles of public law this
woman's case would-be far stronger if the
enemy had destroyed her property. If, by
reason of occupation by the United States, the
enemy had been led to destroy her property
manifestly the case would have been stronger.
But I submit that iri ethics and in principle
her case would be stronger if owing to nothing
bnt her loyalty, nothing but the fact that she
was singled out as an adherent of the Govern-,
ment, she bad been visited by th'e enemy with
destruction, because there would be a distine-.
tion somewhat minute, somewh'&t technical,
between her case and plenty of cases in which
compensation has been given. But that will
not do. • She was-, the Senator says, for this
purpose within the lines of the United States,
and she was blotted out by the United States-
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 12.
Bow 2- Hesayfi becftuseher propejstywaa token
for public use ~ under circumstances ■ and in S
sense making operative, the provision of the
Constitution to which I have referred. I say,
and I think the two Houses of Congress have
said over and over, again, in effect, that her
property was destroyed in the conduct and pro-
gress of the -war just as my house may be
Blowir up, although it is noi on fire, if it stands
next to the house of my friend and other
houses which are in danger unless it is blowri
up; to the find that the connection by wiucli
the flame creeps from house to house may be
broken. A:' necessity like that overtook this
woman, and she went down, as the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, I think, well said,
awaiting destruction from the other side, which
would have been inevitable had not this march
and this progress of onr armies taken place.
Now. if this was a public war is there any
principle upon which she can recover? On
the contrary is it not well settled that as the
tree fell so it must lie; that it was her fate and
her misfortune that not she but her country
was scourged by this great public calamity?
What other principle is there? A principle
of protection, that the Government of the
United States, speaking within the States, was
bound, if I appreciate the argument, to guar-
anty public order and the preservation of prop-
erty to every citizen in the State.
. Mr. HOWE. Whose argument was that?
Mr. CONICLING. Not yours. The argu-
ment was suggested by the Senator from New
Jersey as a possible argument that might be
made in favor of this claim; the argument
embraced in his suggestion that upon some
theory of generosity or equity it might be paid.
I do not say that any Senator in the vote he
shall give means to stand upon it, but I want
to consider it for a moment. First,-1 deny
utterly any such theory, any such element,
any such principle being inwrought in our Gov-
ernment. Our whole history denies it.-
Did anybody suppose when the whisky,re-
bellion took place in the State of Pennsylvania
that the Government of the United States
Could be called upon to pay citizens for prop-
erty which they lost? When convents were
burned in Maryland and elsejvhere did anybody
suppose that the Government was to be called
upon ? All the analogies of the common law,
of the most ancient history of law, are against
any such theory. If you take the charge made
upon the English hundreds for crimes com-
mitted in their midst; if you take the statutes
charging upon municipal corporations losses
which occur in their midst, the whole theory
militates with the idea that the Federal Gov-
ernment, that Government which exists as be-
tween us and foreign nations, and in some other
respects, is the party in the first or in the last
instance to be called upon to indemnify citi-
zens because disorder has injured or destroyed
their property.
Bui suppose it were so, Mr. President; sup-
pose this is a domain for us to occupy in our
discretion, a question for us to consider: first
of all we ought to consider the magnitude of
that question. Where is it to stop? Under
the narrow enactments of 1815 and 1816 I
know a neighbor who told me he heard Mr.
Monro.- say that the damages proposed aris-
ing from the war of 1812 were greater than
the whole cost -of the war itself; and yet how
narrow those provisions were I wish I had
time to show the Senate, stauding as they were
allowed to stand only about eighteen months,
according to my recollection, narrowly re-
stricted, carefully guarded, and still found to
have hoisted a flood-gate of claims and de-
mands which would have beggared any Gov-
ernment. Now, here, with half a continent'
having been in revolt, with hundreds and hun-
dreds of battle-fields thousands of miles apart,
with a sea-coast guarded and blockaded three
thousand miles in length, what is to be the
magnitude of this question if there was some
triisteeship existing on the part of the Govern-
ment to act as watch-doga tor the property of
every-citisen? i
T; Wl*it,'iMk tWho«b^fc^ t«r, be<Jo ft®sf,
in  h« pra«et e* «f-- treh ten argument' as this,'
ofthe-classof cases which T suggested to him?
Is it to be said that-those ptSiswffl'who clung
to the flag,who stood by tb« country, and who,
solely- because ithetf dW so, w^re destroyed in
their properly.and left in thfernidst'of theasheS
of their homes by the enemy, have no-right to
the proteetioa of tbei* Go*Mrtffleftt j tlWK'tiifrf
are not to be paid because, forsooth, the hand
which struck the blow-, the hand which applied
the torch, was not the hand 6f a Union gen-
eral, but of a rebel, scourging and cruci
diem -solely because they were true to their
allegiance? Is that to be said?
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin said
he did not putit upon the groundprotection.
I think that if I were going to put it upon any
ground at ill I should put it upon a general
ground made op of what is right and what is
not -wrong, which would begin by giving aii
attentive ear to the cases of those whose prop-
erty was destroyed by rebels because they #ere
true to their country. This woman's property
certainly was not destroyed because she was
loyal. Hercase is diluted in that respeet. She
was loyal, but that was an immaterial circum-
stance. The people to whom I now refer are
those whose homes were desolated merely be-
cause they were loyal. It seems to toe that
they have superior equities, tad if they Would
only become diligent creditors of the Goverta-
rnent they would have all the elements which
ought to entitle them to preferential adjust-
ment and consideration.
•Mr. HOWE. The Senator does not, I sup-
pose, really mean to insist that we are more
responsible for the acta of onr enemies than
we are for our own ?
Mr. CONKL1NG. I mean to insist on this—
I will state it very broadly, I aw quite willing
to take the responsibility of stating it-*—I mean
to say that if you once concede the doctrine of
protection, the doctrine that the Government
is the guardian of the property of the citizens,
and bound to indemnify the citizens against
the effects of public disorder, then, in my judg-
ment, ethically speaking—speaking in the sense
of what is morally right—the superior equity
would exist in behalf of a person who stoocl
by the country, who - fought for- the flag, and
whose property, owing to that circumstance
alone, was destroyed by that enemy against
whom the Government was bound to protect
him. I say an equity would exist there supe-
rior to that of the person who, not because of
loyalty, bnt because of accident, had bis prop-
erty taken and the building materials put into a
fort and the ground urged to drill soldiers upon.
I am willing to go as far as that. J think if
you concede the premise, the doctrine of pro-
tection, it applies more strongly in ethics to
the case 1 have just stated than to that Cm
which the Senator insists.
Mr. HOWE. I should not object t<S that
application of the doctrine of protection after
the doctrine of protection was fairly estab-
lished ; but what i object to is the argument of
the Senator insisting that the Government is
more bound to protect the property of its
friends against the assaults of its enemies
than it is to pay for property we take our-
selves.
Mr. COCKLING. That after all, Mr.
President, is little more than a very ingenious
and well chosen way of repeating in a some-
what different form the eardinai idea of the
Senator that this is to be regarded as a mere
abstract case of taking property by public
authority, incurring at the same time the obli-
gation to make compensation. I have de-
parted from that in the remarks that I have
made, and I base my admission to the SeriafPr
of what 1 think to be the superior equities of
the ease I have suggested, upon the 8SSBmp>
tion all the time that we are talking about a
state of war. If he is talking, about a state
of peace, or any other state of things upon
which this constitutional provision operates,
then I agree with him w& should be responsi-
ble for what, we our ein«, f d s<# for
