178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
■what somebody else took. Bat when talking
about the doctrine of protection, if there is
anything against which we are bound to pro-
tecl citizens it is the lawless inroads of ene-
mies whom we ought to banish as the very
first act of protection, atid especially should
we take care of those who are destroyed by
enemies, not by accident, not merely because
in general terms they are citizens, but because,
especially, they are faithful citizens in their
i'eaity to the Government.
Mr. President, I do not understand any
principle upon which this claim can stand;
and I did not two or three years ago when with
a good deal of labor I examined this whole
question and stated the results of my exami-
nation. I regret that I have them not here ;
but I came to the conclusion then that some
new principle must be devised—t speak now
of a legal principle—some admixture must be
made to fit this case; that it could not be
found in the cases familiar to us as illustra-
tions, nor in the principles stated in the text-
books upon which those cases were decided.
Somebody has suggested in this debate that
as a matter of generosity we might do this. I
do not understand any such principle as that
applicable at all to the places we hold. .Every
man has a right to be generous with his own ;
every man has a right to contribute of his sub-
stance to Miss Murphey, and to every other
applicant and every other individual; but we
sit here only as trustees, administering a trust
estate; and because we feel generous have we
any right to put our hands iuto the public Treas-
ury and make presents or relieve wants in any
form? Notatall. I submit, on the contrary, we
must be able to lay our linger upon some author-
ity in the Constitution, in the frame orgenius of
our Government, upon which wo can stand re-
gardless of our feelings of indifferenceorsym-
pathy, and say: "Here we rest this appropria-
tion ; upon this we rely for the precedent which
we are setting." Otherwise, not to speak of
graver objections, the whole matter of claims
would be a matter of caprice : like kissing, it
would go by favor. That, 1 thiuk, will hardly do.
Now, sir, I am persuaded that there is no
principle familiar in the legislation of this
Government upon which an appropriation of
this money can rest; and I am persuaded that
by its appropriation we should establish a pre-
cedent which would bring in a following that
would dizzy all arithmetic. No man can com-
pute, at the end of such a war as this, the
amouut that could be asked with a plausibility
as great, as that which sustains this case. That
it is a hard one I have 110 doubt; and 1 should
be very glad to vote following the lead of the
distinguished Senator from Wisconsin; but
with the lights we have before us I shall have
to give a vote which has in it not as its chief
motive the generosity or the sympathy whieh
in some other capacity I might "feel disposed to
extend to this claim.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish, sir, that
the Committee on Claims should be either
placed or left in a false position in regard to
this measure and the doctrine upon which it
is sought to be supported. I said when I was
up before that the Committee on Claims had
on st-veral occasions adopted reports involving
principles utterly inconsistent with this present
claim. 1 did not say that the honorable chair-
man of the committee was entirely aware of
those reports ; perhaps he was not; but that
the committee as a committee have acted upon
grounds inconsistent with the principles upon
which this claim rests is a certain fact. Now,
let me call his attention to only two more re-
ports made by that committee to the Senate.
The first is the one to which he himself has
alluded as having been modified in committee.
It was the claim of Margaret A. Russell for a
quantity of sugar whieh was consumed by the
Union forces at Vicksburg after its capture and
surrender. The report is very short, and I
will claim the indulgence of the Senate while
I read it:
"It aptic-jivs that tile mercantile firm of Campbell
& Bennett, of Mobile, Alabama, were the owners
of the property in question: that they assigned it to
Crutcher k Co., at Victsburg, before thesiege of that
place by the Union troops: that it was in tbe posses-
sion of the consignees on the 25th of May, 1863, ana
that on that day the owners at Mobile delivered to
the petitioner a bill of sa'e of the sugar, amounting
to one hundred and seven thousand two hundred and
forty-six pounds net, for 864,347 60, whioh was at the
rate of sixty cents per pound. The proof is satisfac-
tory of the real character of the transaction, though
it is evident that payment was made in confederate
money. The Union army was at that time holding
Vicksburg in close siege, the result of which was its
capture in the following July and the surrender of
the entiro rebel garrison. On tho surrender it ap-
pears that the sugar was taken possession of by the
Union troops and consumed by them.
" The claim of tho petitioner is based upon her alle-
gation, which we do not deny, that she was a loyal
person, attached to the Government, never having
given aid, comfort, or encouragement to tho rebel-
lion.
"But tho committee think that in the then existing
state of things the United States incurred no liability
to indemnify the petitioner.
" Wo therefore recommend that the claim be
rejected."
Here was a case where the Union troops
took possession of the property of a loyal citi-
zen, and a woman living in the insurgent States.
Another case is perhaps still stronger against
this bill, and somewhat peculiar in its features.
As that report, also, is very short I will claim
the privilege of reading it:
"The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
tho petition of James Narcom, of North Carolina,
asking com pensation for property destroyed by Union
troops in 1862 at Ed en ton, make the following report:
" It appears that the petitioner was a resident and
mayor of Edenton, an4 was a Joyal man.
" Wlnle.he was.absent from home on a Government
transport, and as tho committee aro satisfied, acting
in tho interest of tho United States, a body of Union
tioops, upon the false suggestion of certain rebels
there that the petitioner was a secessionist and his
house deserted, entered it and took and carried away
his( personal property to the amount, as he claims,
ot S1.4S7. We aro satisfied that Mr. Narcom was a
true loyal tnan and that he uniformly showed him-
self such during tbo rebellion.
"Butwofinfl if. impossible to recognize this claim
without depai ting from the general principles which
we have recognized in other instances of a similar
kind, and therefore recommend that tho claim be dis-
allowed."
There are two cases directly in point, and
reported from the committee, where the claim-
ants were confessedly loyal, where their prop-
erty was taken possession of and consumed
or destroyed by Union troops in the regular
prosecution of the war, and in both cases the
committee held, as I trust the Senate will also
hold, that the claimants had no just founda-
tion for their claims.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say a word in reply
to these adjudications that are urged as a sort
of estoppel, aplea in barhere to Miss Murphey's
claim——
Mr. IIOWAKD. Not at all; but to set the
committee right.
Mr. HOWE. I tried to set the committee
right, so far as this claim is concerned, before
the debate began this afternoon, by stating that
I did not understand the committee to have
assented to the merits of this case. I do not
think myself they were consulted upon them,
and therefore they did not assent any further
than that the cass should be reported to the
Senate. That, I think, set the committee right.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will excuse
me, and allow me to say that 1 have no recol-
lection of this claim having been before the
committee, and no recollection, of course, that
any such agreement was entered into by the
committee or any member of the committee.
For myself I must say that I never should
have consented to report this bill if I had
known its true character.
Mr. HOWE. My recollection does not en-
able me to state that the permission of the
Senator from Michigan was asked, though I
am very strongly inclined to think it was asked
if he was in the Senate at the time—during the
last days of the last session—'because he sits
near me, and I should be very likely to ask his
permission to report the bill; and I think,
with all deference ■ ■
Mr. HO WARD-. I will not deny that such
permission was asked, but certainly 1 have no
recollection of it; and I must repeat that if I
had known that such was the real character of
the bill, so strong have been my convictions i
the principle which is involved, that I
should not have given my assent.
Mr. HO WE. The Senator undoubtedly did
not assent to any principle involved in the bill;
but I thiuk he would have consented still to
allow the bill to be reported if he had under-
stood the exact merits of it.
Now, in regard to these adjudications the
Senator reads two. One was where a person
asked payment for some sugar taken on the
capture of Vicksburg. The report states that
tho claimant was loyal. The report says that
the committee decided against the payment.
The report is, I suppose, accurate in both state-
ments; but I very well recollect, and I think
the Senator remembers, that the ease shows
that the reasons why we refused to pay for the
sugar were these two : first, that the sugar was
not taken for the use of the Government in
any sense.
Mr. HOWARD. It was taken for the bene-
fit of the Army.
Mr. HOWE. The sugar was appropriated
to the use of the soldiers. I suppose it was
mere plunder.
Mr. HOWARD. A regular account ef it
was kept by the quartermaster.
Mr. HOWE. I never understood that it
was accounted for in any way.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, yes."
Mr. HOWE. I may be wrong, but, after
all, I think I am right in that respect. But the
other great reason 
Mr. WILLEY. With the Senator's permis-
sion I will say that the ground on which I con-
sented to that report was that there was no
evidence to satisfy me that the sugar really
belonged to the woman who was the claimant,
but reason to believe that disloyal persons were
seeking to recover through her name.
Mr. HOWE. I was just going to state that
other reason. The committee were inclined
to believe that the claimant was a mere nomi-
nal owner, and that the true owner was a per-
son in Mobile who was a rebel, instead of being
a loyal person.
Mr. HOWARD. I must beg leave to say
that there was not a particle of proof to that
effect, nor any intimation of it. I examined
the claim myself, and reported upon it. There
was not a scintilla of evidence that there was
any collusion between the claimant and any-
body else.
Mr. HOWE. But there was evidence that
she had obtained it from a party in Mobile.
Mr. HO WARD. By regular sale; and there
was a bill of sale in proper form duly authen-
ticated.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, there was a bill of sale
there; but this was a young lady, and the pur-
chase-money was a very large sum, and tho
party from whom she purchased was a rebel,
and the law had prohibited all such transfers.
Mr. HOWARD. What law?
Mr. HOWE. A law on the statute-book of
1861 or 1862.
Mr. HOWARD. In the rebel country?
Mr. HOWE. Oh, yes.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no.
Mr. HOWE. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The other case cited by him was a case arising
in Edenton, North Carolina, where our troops,
not for the benefit of the Government at all,
but wantonly, destroyed personal property in a
house. They were under the apprehension that
the party was a rebel, but it turned out that he
was loyal. The Government got no benefit
whatever from the property ; it was a mere
wanton destruction of property ; and we have
notestablishedthe precedent ofpaying forprop-
erty destroyed ruthlessly. The ravages ot war
I believe no member of the committee is in
favor of committing the Government to the
payment of; but I do not hold this to be within
that principle at all,since it was property taken
for the use of the Government in the prosecu-
tion of the war.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I do not sup-
pose this case will be decided to-day; and there-
fore, if it is agreeable to the Senate, I will
move an adjournment.
