1869.
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire a short executive
Bession.
Mr. AVILLEY. I give way for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
'Tuesday, January 5, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyston.
The Journal of the 21st of December last was
read and approved.
OltDEIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to report a bill, and ask that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole, ordered to be
printed, and made the special order for to-
morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MULLINS. This House is now about
to enter upon its last session. The country we
represent, both North, East, West, and South,
expect it to be done according to the funda-
mental principles laid down in the Constitution
and in the rules of this House. I therefore
move that the roll of members be now called.
The question was taken upon the motion that
there be a call of the House ; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. MULLINS. It appears that the noes
have it. Nevertheless, I am of opinion that
■when the matter is tested it will perhaps be
found that there is not a quorum present. The
country, at whose expense we meet here, will
demand of us that we proceed properly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is there
any question before the House ?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from, the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1570) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole, ordered to be printed, and made
the special order for to-morrow after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to reserve my
right to make a point of order upon any mat-
ter not properly embraced in this bill.
WELLS, FAROO AND COMPANY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illiuois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Appropriations to
offer the following preamble and resolution for
consideration at this time :
Whereas the House of Representatives on the 16th
December, 1868. referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations the letter from the Postmaster General
in answer to the resolution of the House of the 7th
of December, relative to the contract for carrying
the overland mail: and whereas it appears by a
communication from D. B. Ball, special acent of the
Post Office Department, to Hon. George AXcClellan,
Second Assistant Postmaster General, that Wells,
Fargo & Co., the contractors for the transportation
of said mail, have not provided adequate facilities
for such transportation, and that express matter
has been carried to tho exclusion of the mail, which
has been left upon the route " day after day and
■week after week, both day and night, entirely unpro-
tected;" and that "on the 15th of November some
six thousand pounds of mail matter lay piled up m
an open stock yard at the headot Echo canon:" and
whereas it is repotted by the said agent that" there
aro strong indications that tho agents of Wells,
"Fargo & Co. or their employes had a hand in rifling
the letter mail:" Therefore,
Be %t retsolvedt That the Postmaster General be
directed to make no payment to said. Wells, 1( argo &
Co. until a full investigation can be made by the
House in regard to the character of the con tract nind©
by paid Wells, Fargo & Co. with the Post Office
Department, and the truth of the charges of the said
special agent of the Post Office Department touching
the delinquency of said firm in carryiug tho man.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the introduc-
tion of the preamble and resolution at this
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not object to the passage of this
resolution at this time. The state of facts set
out in tho preamble shows that this money
should not be paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to a
resolution of inquiry. But I think we should
have more information before we pass such a
resolution as this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I then give
notice that on Monday next I will move to sus-
pend the -rules in order to ascertain whether
the House will pass the resolution at that time.
REGISTRY OF VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1571) to extend the
laws relating to the registry of vessels ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
CONSULAR TEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to inform this Houso if any consular officers
of the United States have demanded and roccived,
or are demanding and receiving, for the verification
of invoices and other papers which they are required
by law to verify, fees greater in amount than aro
provided by law; and if so, wh'at consular officers
have done so. how long such practicohas continued,
and what is tho amount so illegally received by such
consular officers respectively: and also that he fur-
ther inform this llouso'w hat consular officers now in
office have failed or neglected to make return of tho
business of their offices, according to law, and if any
have so neglected to moke returns, for how long a
time; and that tho Secretary of theTrcasury further
inform this House of the probable amount of money
due to the United States now in the hands of such
consular officers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] that this
inquiry with reference to the reception of ille-
gal fees should not be restricted to a single
branch of the public service. Why not make
the inquiry broad enough to include all mal-
feasance of this kind?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I prefer
to have this resolution stand in the form in
which I have offered it. If the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. MaY^ard] desires further in-
formation the better way will be for hiin to
introduce another resolution. The resolution
I have offered has been drawn up with a good
deal of care, in order to get some specific
information which the committee desire.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
adopted.
WELLS, EARGO AND COMPANY AGAIN.
Mr. FARN SWORTH. In view of the charges
made in the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations with reference to
Wells, Fargo & Co. and their mail contract, I
desire to ask the permission of the House that
a resolution may be adopted for the appoint-
ment of a special committee to investigate those
charges. I do not desire, however, to be a
member of the committee, if it should be
appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from New Hampshire,[Mr. Ela,] who has
examined this subject, holds in his hand a reso-
lution calling for the appointment of a com-
mittee to investigate this whole matter. The
Committee on Appropriations, who_ have the
question before them, desire the appointment of
a special committee. I hope that the gentleman
from New Hampshire will be permitted to offer
his resolution, and that it will be adopted by
the House.
Mr. ELA. I ask unanimous consent to otter
the following preamble and resolution :
Whereas the Postmaster General, in a communica-
tion to the House December 16, asks tohave acom-
mittee appointed to investigate this whole matter,
{of the Wells, J?arsro &Co. contract,) and to examine
into th e great expense of this transportation through
an uninhabited wilderness during the tall and winter
seasons, so that in ease an application is mado tor
relief Congress can act understandingly on the sub-
ject;" and whereas the regular correspondent of the
Boston Traveler of December 16,1868, makes the foli
lowing charges:
"Among the post routes established during the
reign of our Alexander was one two years ago in the
Territory of Arizona. At least it is supposed the
route was established, from the reason that a con-
tract was awarded to one Mr. jPaston, a brother of
the Delegate from that Territory, to carry the mails
over said route for the handsome sum of $90,000 pec
year.
"Everything was going on smoothly, and not a
murmur of discontentwas hoard about this oontraot.
for no one knew of it at the time it. was made except
the parties directly interested. Now for the sequel.
The bill for the first year's service came in, and was
promptly paid by the Department. The affair now
is no longer a secret; but Governor McCormiek, of)
Arizona, learns in an indirect manner that $90,000 a
year is being expended to carry the mails over a
route in tho Territory of which he is Governor, He
examines into the matter, and in a letter to thel?ost
Office Department, signed in his capacity of Gov-
ernor, and wMi seal attached, he reports that'not
a single letter or an ounce of mail matter has ever
been carried over theroute.' pronouncesitaswindle
from beginning to end, and protests against the pay-
ment of any more money. The contractor becomes
alarmed, and hastens at once to Washington to fix
up matters. The second year's bill is presented for
payment, but the pay clerk, with Governor McCor-
miuk'a letter beforo him, refuses to pay it. An inti-
mate personal friend of Randall's appears on the
scene; has several interviews with him. On the day
following ono of these interviews the pay clerk has
a note laid before him. It reads: 'Pay this bill.
A. W. R., Postmaster General.' The bill is paid, and
the contractor loaves m high uloe. . ,
"But this is not all. The Postmaster General within
a year has made a contract with a line of Baltimore
steamers, running to Havana and touching at Key
West, to carry the mails, two trips amonth, for $1,000
a, trip, when the regular ocean postage by all other
lines is only soven cents a letter. The line running
from New York was found amply sufficient for the
publioneeds attheregularpriee. Now for the result:
" During the month of October. 1863, the steamer
Maryland made two trips. All told she carried both
to and from Havana-—including newspapers—mails
which estimated at rate paid for" sea serviee" would
amount to (5169 04; but instead of this amount, she
received the sum of $2,000.
"The stoamer Cuba also made two trips, carrying
mails which would have entitled her to $73 48, but
instead of this a oheck is sent by the Post Office De-
partment for $2,000.
"Again I say, let a committee be appointed which
will investigate the inner workings of Mr. Randall 3
Department, and not seek to cover up, and evideuco
will be found which will startle the whole country.
ihvo iuo such a committee and the evidence will ho
forthcoming."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must object to that
preamble, which embraces simply extracts
from newspaper reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
resolution be adopted, then, without the pre-
amble.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing that a
resolution should be adopted for the appoint-
ment of a special committee to investigate
these charges.
Mr. ELA.. I ask consent, then, to submit
the following resolution:
Resolved, That a special committee of five be ap-
pointed to investigate the matters and charges called
tor and above set forth, and also the mannei in which
the mail service has been performed; and whether any
mail service has been increased which was not war-
ranted ; and if so, to what extent and at what coat;
and whether any money has been paid to contract-
ors -without certificate of service performed; and if
so to whom, and by whose order and to what ex-
tent; with power to send for persons and papers,
and to employ a clerk and stenographer, and report
at any time.
Mr. MoKEE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope,
then, the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Ela] will on Monday move to suspend
the rules, that his resolution may be offered
and adopted.
SITE FOR EXECUTIVE MANSION.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1574) in relation to a
site for the Executive Mansion ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
LINCOLN ART ASSOCIATION.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1572) to incorporate
the Lincoln Art Association of Washington
city, District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, and referredte the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
