1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the commerce of the Ohio river in West Vir-
ginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Kentucky nearly seven million people.
The commerce of the river last year was esti-
mated at $400,000,000.
Mr. HOWE. What amount of tonnage has
passed through this canal in any one year?
Mr. MORTON. I have not got the esti-
mates, and I do not know. I cannot answer
the Senator's question.
Mr. HOWE. Is the Senator prepared to say
what amount of tolls have been collected in
any one year ?
Mr. MORTON. I think I can. I think the
tolls have ranged from two hundred and fifty to
three hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
Mr. HOWE. Per annum?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Now, will the Senator explain
what hardship there is or what wrong in allow-
ing those tolls to be applied to the enlargement
of the work and the final completion of it ?
Why is it not fair that the commerce plying
on that line should pay for this enlargement,
since it is abundantly able to do so?
Mr. MORTON. That is a fair question.
Now, let us meet it right here; and I want the
Senate to pass upon that question. If the com-
merce of the Ohio river is to be taxed for the
improvements on that river let that principle
be applied universally. •
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be the end
of this bill.
Mr. MORTON. That would be the end of
this bill, as the Senator from Ohio says. Let
the principle be made universal. There is no
reason for requiring the commerce of the Ohio
to pay for the improvement of the Ohio any
more than there is for asking the commerce of
any other river, lake, or harbor to pay for its
improvements. I trust the Senator will not
insist on that principle without making it
general.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of thehon-
orable Senator from Indiana, I will make this
further explanation to the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin : the bonds that are provided
for in this section to be redeemed by the United
States Government have been created in build-
ing the branch canal, or widening it as it is
termed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the authority of
Congress?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. The canal company
is a private incorporation incorporated by the
Legislature of Kentucky. It proceeded to issue
the bonds of the corporation in executing the
extension work until the debt has accmnmu-
lated now to upward of $1,500,000, anda mort-
gage has been executed by the corporation
upon the canal and all of its properly to secure
those bonds. The interest upon those bonds
is to be met annually by the receipts of the
canal from the tolls. Consequently, after the
payment of the interest there would be but an
inconsiderable sum to apply to the prosecution
of the work in enlarging the canal.
Mr. MORTON. I will add but one further
remark, Mr. President. The enlargement of
the canal was first authorized by the State of
Kentucky. The Congress of the United States
concurred in it and authorized the revenues of
the canal to be applied for that purpose. The
work now virtually belongs to the Government
of the United States, all but five shares of
$100 each, and it presents the simple question
whether the construction of this canal shall be
delayed until it can be completed out of the
tolls of the canal, or whether the commerce
of the Ohio river shall be taxed to construct
the canal, contrary to what is the practice of
the Government all over the United States,
and to what it ever has been.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire where the practice has ever been differ-
ent from that?
Mr. SHERMAN. There are $000,000 appro-
priated in this bill for removing secondary ob-
structions in the upper Mississippi river.
Mr. HOWE. I think that is exceptional
myself; but that is a very late expedient.
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, there
have been appropriations made for improve-
ments of rivers and harbors for thirty years, arid
I never heard that the commerce of those
rivers and harbors was taxed for the purpose
of refunding the money. Therefore, 1 say that
this case stands by itself.
Mr. HOWE. Harbors, I think, stand upon a
different principle from canals and from rivers.
Harbors are for the accommodation not only
of the local traffic, but for the through traffic.
Theyare built forthe double purpose of accom-
modating the trade with the place and of a
refuge for vessels going past the place. You
cannot collect tolls on the commerce accommo-
dated by a harbor to pay the expenses of im-
proving the harbor. But I believe the Govern-
ment has not to any considerable extent, and
not at all until within a few years, expended
the public moneys forthe improvement of par-
ticular highways.
Mr.'SHERMAN. I will ask my friend, how
about the Sault Ste. Marie canal? I have
passed through it. That was built by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOWE. There was a grant of lands
made for the construction of that canal. I
believe the grant was made to the Slate of
Michigan. 1 think the Government put no
money into that canal at all. On the other
hand, the Erie canal, we all know, and so far
as 1 know all the canals do charge tolls to
repay the cost of construction, and they charge
any amount of tolls without regard to the cost
of construction that the commerce will bear.
But I see no wrong in the principle of making
the commerce which is to be provided for by
these improvements pay the cost of the im-
provements.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
why that principle was not applied to the
Scheldt dues? We bought out thetime-honored
customary tributein Belgium,called the Scheldt
dues, and in the midst of our war paid a very
large sum in gold; and in the river and harbor
bill two years ago we appropriated $900,000,
I think, to the Des Moines rapids in the upper
Mississippi, and we have appropriated in this
bill $600,000 more.
Mr. HOWE. I think those are exceptional
cases. The Scheldt dues, I think, are hardly
an exception. We paid that money upon the
concession, which I am inclined to think was
an unfortunate one, that that was not a high-
way, and that we were obliged to pay tribute ;
and we simply paid a certain sum in gross
rather than to charge it upon the commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind my friend
that in that respect we simply came in with
the other nations. The whole tax was capi-
talized, and we paid our proportion.
Mr. HOWE. I believe that was considered
a measure of doubtful expediency, and we were
far from being unanimous upon that policy.
But here is a line within our own jurisdiction.
We propose to make it a better one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give the Senator
another case. There are only three great na-
tional obstructions to the western waters that
I know of that I have passed over. One is
the St. Clair flats; another is the rapids in the
Mississippi river; and the other the falls of
the Ohio. Those are the three great natural
obstructions. We have expended I do not know
how many thousands or how many millions to
dredge out the St. Clair fiats. Why not levy
a tax upon the commerce over those flats?
Mr. HOWE. Simply because you cannot
discriminate between the commerce which is
accommodated by that improvement and the
commerce which is accommodated without it.
It was a highway, in fact, without the expendi-
ture of a dollar; and the Government has sim-
ply contributed certain sums of money, not very
large, to deepen it and accommodate another
class of commerce carried in deeper bottoms.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely the ease
with this canal. Certain commerce can be
accommodated without it.
Mr. HOWE. We do not know exactly what
that is. That which comes through the canal
will pay the tolls. That which can be accom-
modated without it can go over the rapids and I
suppose will still go oversthe rapids, and it can
avoid the tolls. But every .yessel that passes
over the St. Clair flats must go through the
improved channel. If there were aay way of
doing it I should be as content to have the
commerce that passes over the St. Clair flats
pay the cost of the improvement as I am .to
have the commerce that goes through the Louis-
ville canal or that which goes through the Erie
canal or any of the other canals. I do no't
see why the principle is not a fair one for
general application.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, there was what
was in fact a toll upon our commerce in the
river Scheldt, and the right to levy that toll
was purchased from a foreign Government.
There were similar tolls levied upon our com-
merce in a strait or sound called Elsinore in
Denmark, and within the last few years we
have negotiated a treaty by which the right to
levy those tolls by the Danish Government was
removed. But without force of these examples
it seems to me that this policy is so obviously
just, wise, and proper that no Senator ought
to hesitate to adopt it. The internal commerce
of the United States is worth at least twenty
times as much as its exterior or foreign trade
and commerce. Now, what docs the foreign
trade and commerce of the United States cost
us annually? We maintain fleets in all the
principal seas and oceans for the protection
and regulation of this foreign trade; we have
adopted a most extensive and expensive sys-
tem of light-houses; we improve our ports;
we maintain foreign consuls and foreign em-
bassadors, and there are various other expenses
of different kinds in large amounts, all of which
are tributary and are intended to be auxiliary
to our foreign commerce.
Here we have a statement by the honorable
Senator from Indiana, who has investigated
the subject, that the trade of the Ohio river
last year was upward of four hundred million
dollars. That was an amount exceeding the
entire export trade of the United States to the
exterior world. If we can appropriate money
to maintain large squadrons iu every sea, to
improve all the ports upon the exterior coast
of our country, to build light-houses, to clear
away Hell Gates, and all that sort of expendi-
ture, to an infinite amount, why, I ask, ought
uot the Congress of the United States to give
a free navigation of the Ohio river around the
falls of Louisville? Is there any subject of
greater national importance or in which the
people of a larger number of States or the peo-
ple in greater numbers are interested, deeply
and vitally, than they are in this improvement?
The fact that a toll is levied upon the com-
merce around the falls of Sault Ste. Marie is
no reason why these tolls should be levied upon
the commerce that passes through the Louis-
ville and Portland canal. I say that there ought
not to be tolls upon either trade. The Gov-
ernment of the United States ought to make
appropriations of money that would make the
commerce of the country around both of those
falls entirely free to the American citizen.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask the Senator if the
Government should build canals for free com-
merce why should it not £>uild railroads for
the same purpose ?
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, it has done so to a
very great extent. Look at the donations of
money to the Pacific railroad. Look at the
immense donation of valuable land to all works
in the form of railroads in the western and
northwestern States.
Mr. HOWE. But the Pacific railroad is not
a free road.
Mr. DAVIS. Look at the Illinois Central,
which is now one ofthe richest corporations in
the world, oris likcjly to be. Look at the em-
pire of land that was donated by the General
Government to enable that corporation to com-
plete its work. If an estimate of the donations
in the form of land and subsidies to the differ*
ent railroads was now made at the present
value of the lands that have been so donated,
