1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
regret that I am not enabled to say which was
the Democrat and which the Republican, but
I presume that the one nearest the color of the
gentleman from Massachusetts was the Demo-
crat. [Laughter.] I wish to put this matter
on its right footing. The gentleman ought to
have known when he was making the charge
that it was unfair.
Mr. KERR. I want the House to under-
stand that both these gentlemen are Republi-
cans. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not yield. I do not
know that 1 have anything more to say on the
subject. [Laughter.] I desire, Mr. Speaker,
that the previous question shall be 
Mr. HIGrBY. 1 rise to a question of order.
When the gentleman has said he has nothing
more to say he ought to take his seat.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. BROOMALL. I hope the previous
question will not be sustained, and if it is not
1 will make a motion to reduce the amount to
$1,500 each: because these two men were en-
gaged in a single contest which began the first
of December last, whereas the others had to
contest their seats for a period reaching through
the entire Congress.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not
know as much about it as the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. BROOMALL. Let me say that [ got
my information from the chairman of the
Committee of Elections. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. You must not trust him too
much. [Laughter.] I now yield to my elo-
quent and economical friend from New York.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WARD. I am greatly obliged to my
friend for his complimentary allusion, for I
consider it so to be called economical in these
spendthrift times. Now, I do not think I mis-
stated the matter to the House. I said that it had
not been favorably considered by the House. I
did not understand that a reference of the sub-
ject to the Committee on Accounts was the
passage of a measure in favor of this allowance.
1 understood the Committee on Accounts re-
ported in favor of one of the contestants and
against the other, and it seems to me it is suf-
ficient to pay one of them. I do not know how
the matter of color can affect this question. It
is with me a question of cash ; and I admonish
gentlemen that unless they come pretty soon
to saving the public money and retrenching the
public expenditures, their tax-ridden constitu-
ents will come down here and turn them out of
these Halls and empty them into the Potomac.
[1 daughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAAYES. It is with me a question not
of cash, but of justice. I now yield to my ema-
ciated friend from Missouri. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOVER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I wish the words of the gentleman from
Massachusetts taken down. [Laughter.] The
gentleman from Missouri is slandered: he is not
an emaciated friend of his. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOVER. Mr. Speaker, when I want
the gentleman from Wisconsin to defend me I
will call upon him personally. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not defending him,
but the honor of this House. Of course I
could not defend him in that. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOVER. I am sorry the honor of
this House has no abler champion. [Laughter. 1
Mr. Speaker, I desire briefly to state my knowl-
edge of the question at issue. Some time near
the beginning of this Congress there was an
election in Louisiana. Simon Jones was the
contestant of Mr. Mann. He was here until
within a few days ago, when that case was de-
cided. The sum of $2,500 was awarded him
by this House. I understand he got the money.
The case is quite different with Mr. Hunt and
Mr. Menard. I care not whether Mr. Menard
is black or white. The case is here upon its
merits, and on those merits let him stand or
fall. Neither care 1 whether Mr. Hunt is a
Democrat or anything else. I have not been
able to find out what he is. But these are the
facts: these men came here some four weeks
after the session commenced ; they were here
only a portion of the time after they came
here, one of them at least being at home attend-
ing to his business. Now, I protest here in
my place against paying them $2,500, when
members of this House who were here at least
one month before these men came here, and
who have worked faithfully during the whole
session, day and night, receive only $1,600.
I think when this House votes them $1,500 it
is all they should expect, and all that in reason
and justice can be given to them. Sir, as a
member of this House, while gentlemen stand
here prating about liberty and justice, I insist
that we cannot afford to be benevolent at the
expense of our constituents. They sent us
here as guardians of their interests and guard-
ians of their honor, and I say that in justice
to our constituents we should at last, even at
this late hour—at eight o'clock on the last day
of the session—put into practice that which
! we professed before our constituents at home.
[ [Here the hammer fell.]
i Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question,
i Mr. WARD. I move to lay the joint reso-
1 lution on the table.
I Mr. DAWES. If the House will not vote
I this sum they ought not to vote another dollar
to contestants. It would be as much as to say
! that they will pick out the men whom they will
; pay as contestants, and say to this man, " You
j shall be paid and to the other, " Go away ;
we do not like the looks of you."
Mr. WARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the joint resolution
on the table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. DAWES moved the previous question
011 the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WARD called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, called for tellers :
on the yeas and nays. j
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Wauo were appointed.
The House divided ; andthe tellers reported
thiity-six in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 72, not voting
"7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
' ley, Banks, Jieaman. Benton, Blair, Boutwell, Broom-
I all. Cake. Callis. Churchill. Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
, Corley, Cornell, Cullom, Dawes. Dodge, Donnelly,
' Ecleston, Ela. Thomas IX 131 iot. Ferry, Fi enoh, Gar-
i field, Gove, Gravely, Haughey, Ileaton, Hooper,
■ Hopkins, lngersoll, Jenekes, Julian, lvolley. Kellogg,
: Laliin, Lincoln, Loan, JIallory, Marvin, Maynard,
1 McCarthy, Miller.Moorhead,MnrrelI\orris,0 Neill,
Orth Panic, Perhtim, Peters, Pettis. Pierce, Pike,
: C Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, and Windom—73.
I NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Lelos R. Ashley,
i -Yxtell Daker, Barnes, Bcatty. Beck. Benjamin, Ling-
! ham, BromwcII, Buckland, Buckley..Burr, Coburn,
! Cook. Dewecso, Eekley, EJdruige. t erriss.i lelds, t ox.
j Gotz, Gloss^renner, (jolluday, Oross, Grover, Ilaight,
! Hardin*, liotchkiss, Hulbuul, Humphrey, Hunter,
I Johnson. Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Kitohen,
I Knott. Ivoontz, George V. Lawrence William Law-
rence, Loughridge, Lynch, MeCormielt, Meb.ee, Mer-
I cur Moore, Morrissey, Munsen, Jiewcomb, Aiblack,
j Nicholson. Pile. Raum. Ross, Scofield, Stevens,
Stoke Stover, Taber. Lawrence S. -Trimble, V an
! \liken Van Trump, Ward, William B. W,.shbarn,
! Welker Whittcmore, William Williams, Stephen I.
i Wil-on. Wood, and Woodward-72.
n(?—-Messrs. Ames. Arn ell, Bailey, Bald-
win.
den,
Bu*t<
K.?w">r dJ omes*T.' Elliott! Farnsworth, Griswold,
liaUov. Hamilton, Hawkins, Highy Hill, Hoiman,
A«ahel W. Hubbard,Chester D. Hubbard, Richard!),
ilul^oaid, Alexander 11. Jones, Kel?o>. Kctrbam,
La«h Logan. Marshal!. MrCulloush. Mullms. Myers,
Newsbam, Nunn, Phelps, Plants, Polsley, Prico,
Pruyn, Randal], Robinson, Schenek, Selye, Shella-
barger, Sitgreaves. Smith* Scalding, Stone, Taffe,
Taylor. Tift. John Trimble, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn.VanWyck, Vidal.ElihuB.Washburne, Thomas
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and Young—77.
So the joint resolution was passed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I submit a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill for the
removal of certain disabilities from the persons
therein named.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. STo. 1746) entitled "An act
for the removal of certain disabilities from the per-
sons therein named/' having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows.
That the House of Representatives agree to the
amendment of the Senate with the following amend-
ments :
Strike out on page l.line ten, "R.II.Glass." Line
eleven, " John D. Alexander."
Page 2, line nineteen, strike out " B. H. Shackle-
ford." Line forty, strike out "William H. Harn-
rick, William II. Rhodeffer, William McK. Wart-
man" and insert "William F. Hamriek, William
H. Rodeffer, William McK. Wartmann."
Page 3, line sixty-eight, strike out "Monroe
county" and insert "Nansemond county." Line
seventy-two, strike out "Littleton Edwards" and
insert " Littleton R. Edwards."
Page 4, line eighty-nine, after "H. S. Whitfield"
add "and Dr. Peter Bryce."
Page 4, line ninety-six, strike out "C. L. Sayre."
Line ninety-eight strike out " Samuel R. Raybum "
and insert "Samuel K. Raybum." Line ninety-
nine, strike out "J. G. Harris" and insert " J. K.
Harris." Line one hundred and one, strike out
"Arthur C. Bran, Marengo county ; T. M. Dansby."
Page 5, line one hundred and thirteon, strike out
" George T. Stewart." Line one hundred and eight-
een, insert after the word" Wikle" "Butler county."
Line one hundred and nineteen, strike out " Charles
T. Crowe." Line one hundred and ten, strike out
"Elijah B. Muun " and insert "Elijah B. Xunn."
Page 6. line one hundred and twenty-nine, after
the word "Faulkner" insert "St. Laundry's parish."
Line one hundred and forty-3even, after the word
" Wilson " insert Calcasieu parish." Line one hun-
dred and fifty-fix, instead of "Prosper R.Montgom-
ery " insert " Prosper K. Montgomery;" also, "Ar-
thur C. Bean." „ , _
Page 4, line one hundred and two, after the word
"Saunders" insert " Charles C.Crowe." Line one
hundred and three, after the word "Edwards" add
" and Alexander McKinstry." Line one hundred and
four strike nut"W. M. Granger" and insert "TV.
L. Granger." Line one hundred and eight, strike
out *' Robert Campbell" and insert " Robert Craw-
^°I^age 5, line one hundred and thirteen, strikeout
"C. W. Rapier." Line one hundred and fourteen,
strike out" Henry Chamberlain " and" R. A. Lewis."
Line one hundred and fifteen, strike out 'Jerome
Eslava." Line one hundred and soventccn.^striiie
out "Alexander McKinstry" and insert "Etowah
county; JepthaEdwards."
Page 4, line ninety-eight, strike out Jeptha iMi-
W Page 3, strike out all in line seventy-six. Line
sixty-three, after " D. C.Dunn,"add "and Judge
John A. Campbell." .
Page 4, line eighty, strike out W. R. Dtmkard.
Page 3. strike out all in line seventy-eight.
Page 6, line one hundred and thirty-three, strike
out "Ouehita"and insert "Ouachita parish, bame
line, strike out " Henry E. Dobson." Line one hun-
dred and thirty-four, strike out Robert . Jemi-
son" W. M. STEWART,
LYMAN TRUilliULL,
Mana oers on the part of the Senate.
J. F. FARN3WORTH,
JAMES M. BECK,
B. W. NOftJUS,,
Managers oil the part of theljuvse.
Mr. FARXSWORTH. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I more to lay
the report of the committee of conference on
the table.
Mr. DICKEY. I second that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not now in
order. The gentleman from Illinois is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. FARXSWORTH. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bexjamix] asks me to yield to
him"for a moment for some purpose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask to have
taken from the Speaker's table a small pension
bill, that I may move an amendment to it that
it may go back to the Senate.
Mr. HIGBY. T call for the regular order
of business.
