1869.
mm ClONaRESSIO'MM, - GL0I1.
181
.that the facts, as set forth and construed in the
Cincinnati Gazette, eotlld be true. 'It seemed
to me impossible. I could not -.believe they
were 1 rue in the manner and to the extent
rep-
reseated. I felt moved to imake inquiry in
regard to the matter. The result of my investi-
gate m was, that in that case ,fche whole thing
consisted, in the franking of his own speech
printed iti a newspaper, and that therefore the
act was entirely within the law and legitimate.
Whatever criticism shall be made on the case
should be. made on the law itself, and not on
the use of it. For the rest, I say confidently
that no one who knows him believes the gen-
tleman from Maine capable of selling his frank.
Moreover it is undoubtedly true that there
are abuses of the franking privilege which are
not warranted or rather occasioned law.
They are uses of the franking wholly outside
of law, and have no legitimate warrant what-
ever. These abuses of the franking privilege,
as well as certain other uses of it which are
entirely legitimate, make it necessary, in my
view, that we should take into consideration
the duty of so restricting and reducing that
privilege, by modifying the law, as to prevent
these abuses and confine the matter of frank-
ing to what may absolutely be required by the
public service.
president's message.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following preamble
and resolutions :
Whereas resolutions have been introduced and
passed in both Houses of Congress severely condemn-
ing the late message of the President of the United
grates, especially upon the subject of the national
finances and his suggestions relative to the allevia-
tion ot'tue national emb irr.Hsmont; and whereas it
is the right aud duty of thoPresident to "Kive to the
Congress information of the stato of the liniou, and
recommend to their consideration such measures as
ho shall deem necessary and expedient:"
Be it therefore resolved/Vh&t such resolutions are an
infringement upon the rights of the Executive, and
calculated to obviate the faithful discharge of his con-
stitutional duty; and that however much the Congress
m ty differ with the President upon his recommend-
ation in regard to the discharge ot tho national debt,
it involves aquestion which should bematurely con-
sidered by every Ameiicau citizen, and win oh the
American people have the light to determine, as they
doubtless wiil in their own good time, governed by
the precedents and principles which have controlled
the enlightened nations of the world, and accormng
to the exigencies which surround them, find in a man-
ner, too. which wiil vindicate their own credit and
honor.
llexolved. That one hundred thousand copies of
the late annual message of the President be pub-
lished for the benefit of the people of the United
States.
Mr. MULLINS. I object, unless the gen-
tleman can show the authority for the Pres-
ident to repudiate the national debt.
Mr. BO (if WELL moved to reconsider the
votes by which the various bills aud resolu-
tions were referred ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POOR OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
Mr. CUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw that call for the pur-
pose of taking up from the Speaker's table the
bill (S. No. 693) for the temporary relief of
the poor and destitute people of the District
of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
great destitution and suffering in the District,
and if any appropriation is made it ought, to
be made now. 1 will yield to allow that bill
to be passed.
The bill was accordingly faken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
It appropriates $30,000 for the relief of tho
poor of the District, to be expended under the
direction of the mayors of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown and the president of
the levv court of the District.
Mr. McKBB. I object to the consideration
of the bill at the present time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. McKEE. I decline to withdraw it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it ia order to move
to suspend the rules to-day?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. CALLIS, from the Committee on En-
roiied Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly,enrolled a bid and
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (tt. It. No. 1-537) to repeal certain
provisions of section six of an act entitled '!An
act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending Jnne 80, 1808,
and for other purposes/' approved March 2,
1807; and
A jo"nt resolution (II. R. No. 388) explana-
tory of the act to create an additional land
office in the State of Minnesota, approved July
25, 1868.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from tho
same committee, reported that it had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
700) for the relief of Joseph Moorehead.
REVENUE COMMISSIONER'S REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting the annual
report of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue for 1808; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, aud ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SCUENCK, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing, under
the law:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of tho
House twenty thousand copies of the report of tho
Special Commissioner of tho Revenue, with the ap-
pendices, complete, and for tho use of the Treasury
Department one thousand bound copies of said report
with the appendices.
PARAGUAYAN DIFFICULTIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States :
To the House of Representatives :
In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 1-itii instant, requesting the corre-
spondence which has taken placobetween theUnued
States minister at Brazil aud Rear Admiral Davis,
touching tho disposition of the American squadron
at Rio Janeiro and thoPara£unyUilSoultie-=, I trans-
mit a report of the Secretary of Statu upon that sub-
ject. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, December 10,1863.
The message and the accompanying report
were referred to the Committee oil Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
union pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER abo laid before the House
the following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I herewith communicate a report of the Secretary
of the Interior, in answer to a resolution adopted by
the House of Representatives on the 16th msUn>,
making inquiries in refeience to tho Union Pacific
railroad, and requesting the transmission ot tho
report ot'the special commissioners appointed to ex-
amine the construction ail i equipment of the road.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
WaSHIXGTO-\\ December 18, 1863.
The message and the accompanying report
were referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
improvement of the dbs .uoines bawds.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representativesof the 16 th ultimo,
a copy of a report from Brevet Major General
James H. Wilson, concerning the improvement
of the Des Moines rapids, and stating that no
special report concerning the Rock Island
rapids has been lately received.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, the communica-
tion was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
bridge over boston harbor.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting the report of th-e commis-
sion appointed to eaa'mine Boston harbor rela-
tive to. the - construction of ft bridge between
Boston and East Boston* &e.
Ou motion of Mr, ELIOT, the eomoiumea-
tio.n was referred to the Committee oti Roads
and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYE^ IN WAft DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in" answer
to a resolution of the House of the 18th ultimo,
stating that no reduction of the nuniber of offi-
cers and employes in his Department can no<fr
be made, nor any reduction of their salaries';
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
BRIDGE OVER THE MISSOURI RIVER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 16th
ultimo, the report of Brevet Major General
Snter on the bridge over the Missouri river at
Kansas City.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, the commu-
nication was referred to the Committee on Coto-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
SURVEYORS OBSERAIi.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
inclosing estimates for compensation of the
surveyors general of Louisiana and Florida
and the clerks required in their respective
offices for the fiscal year ending June 30,1870;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, aud ordered to be printed.
LIEUTENANTS IIITCIICOCK AND MACKEY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, with his approval, a communication Troia
the Adjutant General of the Army, recom-
mending the passage of a joint resolution drop-
ping from the roll of the Army Lieutenants
Daniel Hitchcock, fifth cavalry, and William
G. Mackey, twenty-ninth infantry,-for deser-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
IlEPORT OF COMMITTEE ON RETRENCHMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Housed
a communication from the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, requesting for the use of his
office one thousand copies of the report of the
Committee on Retrenchment, made to Con-
gress December 21, 1868; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting papers relative to League
island ; which were referred to the Committee'
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REGISTER OF MEDS, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to furnishing and refitting
an office for the register of deeds in the Dis-
trict of Columbia ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
EXPENSES OF CENSUS OF 1860.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the in-
terior, transmitting, in compliance with House
resolution of the 18th ultimo, a statement-
showing the total amount due and necessary
to pay certain United States marshals for ser-
vices in connection with the census of 1860;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
GREAT AND LITTLE OSAGE INDIANS,
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting, in compliance with House
resolution of the 18th ultimo, a report by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs relative to the
last commission appointed to treat with the
Great and Little Osage Indians ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
