1869. •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
113S
from one State to another, are legitimate objects
of improvement. The rapids of those streams
ought to be improved. But when you come to
a canal where a discrimination can be made,
where the work can be done by a company, so
as to accommodate the commerce and mate it
pay for that improvement, it is customary that
the commerce should pay for that improvement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator concedes
that the improvement of a river at the rapids
is proper if it be a public river of national
importance. Now, Iwant to know how boats
from above can be got below the rapids with-
out going, through some canal ?
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that; bat we
have got to stop somewhere. You might as
well ask that the Government should take the
Erie canal, and make free all the commerce
that passes from Lake Brie to the Hudson
river, and so out to the mouth of the Hudson
river and into the ocean, as to ask that this
appropriation should be made to buy this canal,
and to allow its commerce to pass through free.
Where areyou going to stop in case you com-
mencebuying canals? Tou must buy up all the
canals in the country. In the present condition
of the Treasury, it seems to ine, Mr. President,
we had better not make this appropriation. I
shall vote to stand by the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say a word about
this provision. This canal appears to belong to
a- private corporation created by the State of
Kentucky, which has had the use and benefit of
it for a great number of years. Whether it has
been a profitable investment for the stockhold-
ers we are not informed. Judging from the
anxiety of gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber, 1 imagine that it has turned out to
he rather a bad speculation for the stockhold-
ers, and now they appear to be anxious to get
rid of it, and turn over the concern to the
United States.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to say that he is mistaken in assum-
ing that this canal belongs to a private com-
pany. It once belonged to a private company;
but the whole of the stock in the canal belongs
to the United States at this time, and the Uni-
ted States holds the canal and all of its prop-
erty subject to a mortgage to pay the bonds that
issued in the name of the corporation for the
enlargement of the canal. These are a fraction
above a million and a half of dollars.
Mr. HOWARD. I rose simply to say this :
that this section which the committee recom-
mend to be stricken out contemplates a pur-
chase of this canal by the United States, and
the payment for it, amounting in all, including
the $1,500,000 of bonds, to upward of two
million dollars. If we become the owners of
the canal, we shall be obliged of course to keep
an agent there to collect the tolls, to keep
it in repairs, and to attend to all the ordinary
consequences of ownership of a canal. I do
not believe that the Government is well fitted
in its nature and framework to carry on such an
enterprise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much shall we
have to pay annually to keep it in order?
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Maine asks how much weshallbe obliged
to pay annually to keep it in order. It is im-
possible to answer that question, but that we
shall be called upon pretty largely I have no
doubt.
Now, sir, a reference has been made to the
Sault Ste. Marie canal in my own State. That
does not belong to the Government. It belongs
to the State of Michigan, which constructed it
by the aid of lands granted to the State by the
Government of the United States, which were
sold and the money applied in that way. The
State, by its regular agent, collects tolls from
all vessels that pass through the canal, mak-
ing the tolls so reasonable as not to be op-
pressive to the commerce of the lakes, but
simply enough to keep it in repair. But I do
not believe that the Government of the United
States is very well calculated to become the
owner and manager of a canal, no matter
where it is. I think, therefore, as the Treas-
ury of Uncle Sara at present is somewhat
depleted, and the people are crying aloud,
"no more taxes, and no more burdens," we
might very well abstain from purchasing the
Louisville canal.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, several
years ago I had a great deal of knowledge in
connection with this Louisville canal. I think
thirty-eight years ago I had a survey made
around the falls to see whether we could not
get a better improvement than was there ; and
occasionally it has been brought to my mind
since. It is one of the improvements which
belong to the whole country. It is the only
point between the lakes and the headwaters
of the stream which flows out of the Alleghany
mountains to the Gulf of Mexico which is
obstructed by nature. The Government about
forty years ago made an appropriation for that
canal in connection with some individuals who
became stockholders. A gentleman from Phil-
adelphia took charge of it, and the canal was
made at a very small cost. For a long while
it was very productive to the stockholders;
and now, if it belonged to individuals, it would
be a very valuable property. If it could be
purchased for any sum like what it cost, or
double What its cost was forty years ago, it
would be now, I think, the most profitable
stock in the country. The only reason, as I
understand, why it has not been profitable has
been because the Government has bad a part
ownership and individuals luive had a part
ownersnip in that property. The appropria-
tion here, as I understand it, would take it
entirely away from individuals, and would give
a free navigation of the Ohio river and the
Mississippi from the headwaters of the Alle-
ghany to the Gulf of Mexico. There would
be no other obstruction. I cannot find—for
my eyes are not very good—the sum appropri-
ated by this bill to purchase the canal.
Mr. CONKLING. Two millions.
Mr. CAMERON. That would be $120,000
interest per annum. That canal at the most
moderate rate of charge would make a much
larger income than $120,000. The Senator
from New York laughs; but I think $60,000
is the interest at six per cent, upon a million.
Is it not?
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the gentleman
will take no offense. We were only smiling
at the readiness with which the Senator cast
up the interest in his head.
Mr. CAMERON. One hundred and twenty
thousand dollars would be a very small sum
compared with all the trade which comes down
the river. I was told the other day that the
towns along the Ohio river alone have a pop-
ulation of over a million people; and the
Senator who stated that to me seemed to be
astonished at it. I made a little estimate this
morning, and I find that there are more than
a million and a half people in the towns alone
from the headwaters of the Ohio river down
to its mouth where it meets with the Missis-
sippi. All these people are in a great measure
almost entirely dependent for their commerce
upon the falls of the Ohio river. Why, sir,
this appropriation is nothing compared with
what we vote every day. Look at what we
vote for the lakes. Look at what is appropri-
ated for the St. Clair flats.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator wants to
know how much, it has been $428,000 to com-
plete the works.
Mr. CAMERON. And we are expending
,000 or more every year.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not a farthiDg.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, 1 will show from an
official statement how much the lakes have
received within the last three years.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall be very much
obliged to the Senater for that information.
Mr. MORTON. Within three years there
have been appropriated for the improvement
of the harbors on the lakes—the Lake Mich-
igan harbors getting very nearly half the whole
amount—$2,586,327, and a good many of the
harbors for which this* money has'been appro'
priated you will have' some little difficulty in
finding on the map.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; and that does
not give what we have appropriated for harbor?'
along the State of New York—Oswego, Oswe-
gatchie, Sodus, and a great many other towns
along there, and then up on Lake Michigan
for Milwaukee and Green Bay, and down to
Chicago. We are constantly appropriating
money for harbors at all these towns. But
here are the falls of the Ohio, the key which
controls the commerce between the State of
Pennsylvania and the gulf States, for which,
we have never had any appropriation, except
this one of stock, on which I believe the Gov-
ernment has had more than six per cent, in-
terest all the time. Now, if Congress will
agree to give me, an individual, that canal for
what it cost I will agree to take it and pay the
Government every cent, it did cost if they will
allow me to charge one half the tolls that they
are charging now.
Mr. HOWE. It is a bargain.
Mr. CAMERON. I will take it at that price
and charge just half the tolls that are charged
now, and it will be the greatest speculation
that I could imagine.
Sir, this is an appropriation which is de-
manded by the interests of Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Kentucky, Indiana, and all the States below
the mouth of the Ohio river. I was told the
other day, just as one item in regard to the
coal trade from Pennsylvania which goes down
there, that we send twelve million tons of coal
a year from the headwaters of the Alleghany
down into the waters of the Mississippi. A man
told me that in one fleet he often took three
acres of boats laden with the coal of Virginia,
West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Ken-
tucky, flown past the falls there. It is, per-
haps, the most important point belonging to
this whole country which is obstructed by
nature and for which so little has been done
by the Government. If I could have got an>
appropriation thirty-eight years ago to make
a railroad at these falls I should have made so
much money out of it that I should have' been
thought a very able financier, because success
always gives reputation to any one. If you
woufd allow a railroad to be made there, in
addition to this canal, it would be one of the
greatest investments that could be made by the
country ; but that has always been prevented,
because the Government has invested now
in this canal. As a citizen of Pennsylvania,
and as a representative of that great State, I
trust that everybody here who has a regard for
justice will vote for this appropriation.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I think- it
is time that there should be some- standard
with regard to the appropriations of the public
money. We should have some criterion, some
test, by which we ought to be guided. As for
myself, I cannot see the difference between an
appropriation for the harbor of New York, or
for clearing out any obstruction to our com-
merce upon the ocean, so far as right and jus 
tice are concerned, and an appropriation for
removing the obstructions upon our western
rivers. Nor can I see any difference between
the appropriation of public lands or pablie
money for the construction of a railroad the
object of which is to promote commerce, travel,
and intercommunication between different
parts of the country, and an appropriation for
the improvement of our rivers.
Why, sir, our appropriation bills groan with
millions upon millions appropriated to the im-
provement of harbors upon thesea-eoast and for
the benefit of our most prosperous and wealthy
cities, when, if it is proposed to make a small
appropriation to promote commerce upon our
western rivers, there is either some objection
of want of constitutional power, or the work is
not national, or some other reason is inter-
posed. Here is an improvement in which cer-
tainly I am not more interested as a citizen of
Illinois than any Representative from the State
of Ohio or Pennsylvania; buthere is an appro-
priation for the benefit of commerce upon oar
