1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there is objection
I cannot yield.
Mr. ORTH. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if the
House has listened to the reading of the report
they will see that it is the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon a bill which passed
this House perhaps six weeks ago.
The Senate amended the bill by adding to it
a number of names, perhaps a hundred; or
rather they adopted a substitute for the bill,
embracing the names in the House bill and
others also. To most of the names added by
the Senate there was no objection ; they were
regularly and properly recommended by par-
ties well known to the members of the com-
mittees of the two Houses and to many of the
members of the two Houses. When the amend-
ment of the Senate came to the House it was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
That committee made up a report, and at first
directed me to report their action to the House,
which was to agree to a part of the names,
to strike out some of them, and to rectify
some errors. But subsequently the committee
changed the direction which they had given to
me, and ordered that I should ask the House
to non-concur in the Senate ameudment. The
House did non-concur, and a committee of
conference was appointed. I believe the re-
port of the committee of conference as it now
stands embraces the names of only two or
three persons, perhaps the name of only one
person, to whose relief there was objection,
except the general objection on the part of
some gentlemen here to relieve anybody.
Mr. DICKBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not at present. We
have stricken out the names of those who
appear to the Committee on Reconstruction
of the House to be obnoxious and objection-
able for any reason. But there is left in the
bill the name of one gentleman with regard to
whom the Reconstruction Committee was not
agreed, though I think the majority of the
committee agree that he ought to be relieved.
That name is Richard Parker, one of the judges
of the State courts of Virginia. 'The other
names that were added in the Senate were
nearly all of them added on the recommenda-
tions and motions of Senators from the south-
ern States. Those names have been examined
by members of the House from the several
States where the persons reside; and so far as
the committee of conference were advised of
any objection at the time of our meeting to any
of these names, they have been stricken from
the bill. 1 am advised that objection will be
made here to-night to Jndge Parker, whose
name I have already mentioned. And I desire
to ask attention to his ease for a few moments.
It appears from the papers, and we have a
great many of them in reference to Judge
Parker, that he was a judge of a court of the
State of Virginia for several years before the
rebellion. He continued to hold the office
during the war. Immediately upon the organi-
zation of the provisional government in Vir-
ginia Judge Parker was first appointed by
Governor Peirpoint, and afterward unani-
mously elected, I believe, by the Legislature
of the State one of the judges of the State. As
a judge of the court he took no new oath upon
the secession of Virginia; none was expected
of him or required. His politics before the
war were those of a Douglas Democrat. It is
testified by a great many worthy gentlemen,
and among them one whose name will be rec-
ognized by all the old members of this House
as a gentleman entitled to the fullest credit.
I refer to Hon. John S. Millson, formerly a
member of this House and a thorough-going
Union man, as all the members of this House
know who were members before the war.
The objection to Judge Parker arises from a
charge made by him to the grand jury in the
city of Winchester in 1861. This was soon
after the State of Virginia seceded, and when
the people of that section, as of most other
sections of that State, were running mad upon
this question of secession. Judge Parker,
upon opening the court at Winchester, Vir-
ginia, at the time to which I have referred,
charged the grand jury that as the State had
seceded and adopted a separate and independ-
ent government it would be treason on the
part of any of her citizens to give aid, counte-
nance, or support to the enemy, meaning the
Government of the United States ; that it was
the first duty of the citizens of Virginia to give
obedience to the laws of that State. He no-
where in that charge, that I can find, upheld
the idea of secession ; nowhere expressed the
opinion that Virginia had done right in se-
ceding. As a lawyer and judge of the State-
rights school he charged the jury what he sup-
posed to be the law, and, although I do not
wish to raise the question with my brother
lawyers upon this floor to be discussed here,
what I confess was the law of Virginia at that
time.
Virginia being recognized by the United
States as having belligerent rights and as an
enemy having a de facto government, Judge
Parker's charge was strictly and legally cor-
rect. That, however, was in 1861. What was
Judge Parker's course subsequently? He was
constantly under suspicion by the rebels on
account of his former opposition to secession ;
and such was his course that he was at one
time arrested and incarcerated by the rebels
of Virginia; and his salary was upon a full
discussion in the rebel legislature of that State
withheld from him, and has not been paid to
him to this day, because he was regarded by
that rebel legislature as unsound with reference
to the rebel cause.
Now, I wish to direct the attention of the
House to the testimonials in behalf of Judge
Parker. I have here, in the first place, his own
petition. Then there is a petition of twenty-
three attorneys of the bar of Frederick county,
Virginia, asking the removal of the disabilities
of Judge Parker under the fourteenth article
of the constitutional amendments. I will read
that letter:
Winchester, Virginia, December 4,1SS3,
The undersigned members of the "Winchester bar,
having learned that all the judges of this judicial
section, at the request of the bar of some of their
circuits, have united in an application or memorial
to the Congress of the United States to bo relieved
from the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution, do most earnestly
request that you unite in this application and make
private considerations of delicacy subservient to the
public good.
Very respectfully, yours, &c., .
Hon. Richard Parker, Judge, &o.
This letter is signed, I believe, by all the
members of the bar of that county. The
name of one man, C. W. Gibbons, was subse-
quently erased from the petition, and he sends
a letter here against the removal of Judge
Parker's disability. Another attorney whose
name has never been erased from this paper,
Thomas S. Hargest, sends to the committee
sundry protests against the relief of Judge
Parker. I believe that all the protests sent to
the committee with reference to this case,with
the exception of one or two letters, are in the
handwriting of one of these same lawyers who
signed this letter urgently requesting Judge
Parker to make this application. I will now
ask the Clerk to read a letter from Hon. John
S. Millson, formerly a member of this House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Norfolk, February 6,1869.
.MyDearSir: The interest t feel in the applica-
tion made to Congress for the removal of the disa-
bilities of Judge Parker, of Winchester, Virginia,
will, I hope, excuse me for troubling you with this
letter. He is my friend and brother-in-law, and an
intimate acquaintance of more than forty years war-
rants me in assuring you of his excellent personal
and judicial character and enables me to speak con-
fidently of his political opinions and course.
J udge Parker was always an earnest, firm, and con-
stant opponent of secession and supporter of the
Union. lie may have_ incurred some disabilities,
though 1 have several times labored to convince him
that it was only a too sensitive conscience that in-
duced the apprehension that he had. It was indeed
hardly possible to live so long under confederate
control without someyielding or compliance now and
then that might be deemed a technical giving of aid
to the enemies of the United States.
X have had many conversations with him since the
j close of the war. His views and opinions upon the
| important questions of the day are those of ono who
knows and feels th-it governments and law,: should
be administered not with reference to the prejudices
of a past condition of society, but according to tho
requirements and wants of tho existing state of
things. If you knew them as well as I do you would
be surprised, as I have been, not simply that objec-
tion should be made to his application, but that it
should come from the quarter from which, according
to the newspapers, it has proceeded. I had really
supposed that if any such case could pass without
opposition it would be his.
Judge Parker is one of the fewsteadfastopponents
of secession now on the bench in Virginia. He has
held his office nearly twenty years,so thatduring tho
war he simply continued to discharge the duties of
his office under the State without any new appoint-
ment or qualification. He was one of the first judges
whose reappointment because of his thoroughUnion-
ism wasdetermined upon by Governor Peirpoint. ;i fter
the close of the war. But he was not at all in favor
among those who controlled the fortunes of the con-
federate government. To them he was always an
object of distrust, and I believe that some discrimi-
nating legislation was once resorted to with a view
to disparage him. He was, on one occasion at least,
subjected to arrest and detention.
Of the particular objection urged against. Judge
Parker I am not informed. As I am sure it cannot
refer either to his private or judicial character or
conduct, but rests upon some mistaken notion of his
political opinions and feelings, I am led to conclude
that it proceeds from persons who knew hirn very
slightly or not at all.
1 know you will excuse an old congressional asso-
ciate for thus adding to your Representative cares.
But I have thought it due alike to Congress and to
Judge Parker to contribute my testimony toward
the explanation of his case.
I remain, very respectfully, yours,
JOHN S. MILLSON.
Hon. John F. Farnsworth,
House of Representatives, Washington, I). C.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether this is the same Judge
Parker before whom John Brown was tried
and under whose judgment he was hanged ? I
think he is the same man. I think I knew him
personally in the State of Virginia.
Mr. ELA. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnstvorth] whether this
is the Judge Parker who charged the grand
jury ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if the
gentleman fiom New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
had listened to what I have been saying he
would not have asked me that question. I
suppose that every judge charges the grand
jury, if he has one; but I have been speaking
of the charge which Judge Parker made at
Winchester; and I suppose it is that charge to
which the gentleman from New Hampshire
refers.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the gentleman will
answer my question whether this is not the
Judge Parker who tried and hanged Johu
Brown? I say he is the same man.
Mr. MULL1NS. And I have no doubt he
would hang the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] to-morrow if he got the chance.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have never heard
that Judge Parker was the judge of the court
that tried John Brown. 1 think he was not.
I do not recollect who the judge was. My
friend from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] says he
knows who the judge was. I do not know. I
suppose some record will show who was the
judge that tried that case. At all events Judge
Parker is the judge of the Winchester district.
At all events I do not understand that the
constitutional amendment disqualifies any one
for trying John Brown. If that is so I should
like to have gentlemen point it out to me.
Mr. Shaxks rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline for the
present; but I will yield by and by.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman has asked
a question and I should like to answer it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will now read a
letter from General Strother, well known, I
suppose, to members of the House not only as
a gallant Union soldier, but as a finished writer:
Berkley Springs, February 5,1869.
My Dear Sir : I am informed that Judge Richard
Parker, of Winchester, is or is about to be removed
from the bench of that district on account of dis-
abilities incurred during the late rebellion, &c.
I have not heard of the especial charges urged
against Judge Parker in this movement, and there-
fore cannot consider them, but on general principles
I should think it a matter of regret that tho publio
