1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
ment compared the canal around the falls of
St. Mary to the canal at the falls at Louisville,
and he said they were just alike. He said
there were five hundred thousand tons of ore
a year passed through the St. Mary's canal.
Why, sir, there are many coal mines in Penn-
sylvania that send that many tons a year out.
The upper waters of the Ohio river yearly send
down ten million tons. Three acres of boats
go at one float down that great river Ohio.
There are interested in that navigation the great
State of Pennsylvania, with its population of
three and a half millions ; the State of Ohio,
with three million people; the State of Ken-
tucky, with over one million two hundred thou-
sand people; the State of Indiana, with, I
believe, one million five hundred thousand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. One million eight hun-
dred thousand.
Mr. CAMERON. And the State of Illinois,
which by the next decade will have two and a
half million people. Then, below the mouth
of the Ohio are the States on the Mississippi
to the gulf, and above the mouth of the Ohio
all the States on the Mississippi as far north
as Minnesota, all interested in the trade of
this great river, the Ohio. They are all in-
terested in the removal of this obstruction,
and they ask that we shall pay these bonds,
$1,500,000, and make the work free. Why, sir,
there is not a year that you do not give that
pouch to some of the New England States, or
at least to all of the New England States
together.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Oh, no.
Mr. CAMERON. How much?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Nothing.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, you give money for
the harbor of New York and for Penobscot,
and for Portland, and for Augusta, in Maine,
and all along the coast. Those appropriations
are right, and I vote for them; but this is a
small affair in view of the great object at stake,
and I hope the appropriation will be made.
New England is interested in it. Do not the
Yankees go West and travel down this great
river, and do they not want to go as cheaply as
possible? The manufactures of Rhode Island
pass down the Ohio river, going to Illinois, to
Tennessee, to Arkansas, to Mississippi, to
Louisiana, and to Texas. New England is
interested in it as much as we are.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In answer to the Sena-
tor's remark as to the products of the manu-
factories of Rhode Island, I will say to him
that when they happen to pass through the
State of Pennsylvania they find it costs about
two or three times what it does in any other
State.
Mr. CAMERON. I am glad to hear it. I
never knew before that Pennsylvania was sharp
enough to catch the Yankees. [Laughter.] I
am glad of it; but I find in my experience
that the manufacturers of Rhode Island, while
they add to the wealth of Pennsylvania and
other parts of the country, always take care of
themselves, and I always vote for them. That
brings me back to this canal, and I am sur-
prised that the Senator from Michigan should
object to this appropriation ; but, sir, I will
not detain the Senate longer.
Mr. MORTON". Mr. President, we are met
by the chairman of this committee with the
statement that this canal around the falls of
the Ohio is in the same condition with that at
the Sault Ste. Marie. If the distinguished
chairman of,the committee had ever been on
the Ohio river and knew something about the
commerce of that river, and especially if he
had ever had any particular knowledge of the
construction of this canal and its origin, he
would know that there is no parallel between
the two cases. The canal that he speaks of
was built from a grant of lands ; the State of
Michigan contributed nothing, and the Gov-
ernment. has not beeni-eimbursed by tolls from
that canal, has it?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
Mr. MORTON. It has not been. But all
the Government ever gave toward this canal
has been reimbursed, and-$24,000 more. Tho
tolls upon the canal that he speaks of are just
sufficient to keep it in repair and pay for the
cost of superintendence, but the tolls upon this
canal are now fifty cents a ton, custom-house
measurement. Every boat of a thousand tons
has to pay $500, whether she carries a ton of
freight or not. She pays fifty cents a ton ac-
cording to her measurement, and some boats
in the course of a year pay in the way of tolls
one third of the cost of their construction.
The Government has been refunded out of the
revenues of this canal every dollar that she ever
gave toward it. All the stock that belonged
to private persons has been purchased and paid
for out of the revenues of the canal, and more
than three hundred thousand dollars of the
branch canal; that is to say, more than three
hundred thousand dollars of the revenue of this
canal has been put into the construction of the
branch canal; and now the proposition of this
committee is that there shall be no appropria-
tion made, but that this canal shall drag on until
it can be completed by the revenues of the old
canal. That is the proposition, that the new
canal shall be completed by the revenues of
the old canal, which will take some four or five
years; and yet the chairman says it is a paral-
lel case to that of the canal at Sault Ste. Marie.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely.
Mr. MORTON. Notwithstanding the dif-
ferent facts I have stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this appropriation is
made, and the work is completed, then the two
will be on exactly the same footing.
Mr. MORTON. The report of this com-
mittee is inconsistent with itself. It cannot be
justified. This committee reports in favor of
$000,000 for constructing a canal around the
rapids of the Mississippi river—a canal I believe
that is to be seven miles long, where there are
to be no tolls charged, where the work will cost
between four and five millions when it is com-
pleted. The commerce of the upper Missis-
sippi river now is not one tenth, not one twen-
tieth part of the commerce of the Ohio river.
It may be in time, but it is not now.
This committee recommends thepropriety of
this Government going on and paying out four
or five millions to build a canal around the
rapids of the Mississippi river ; but when it
comes to the Ohio river, with a commerce
twenty times as great, and with necessities
twenty times as great, the same committee say
that they cannot agree to any appropriation.
How consistent is this? Sir, I do not under-
stand this. If this committee had said, '• We
will not appropriate a dollar to the improve-
ment of the Mississippi or the Ohio liver, either
at Des Moines or at Louisville," I could un-
derstand it, butwhen it gives $000,000 to carry
on that work and refuses to give $450,000 here,
when nine hundred thousand or a million will
complete the work at the city of Lousiville, I
cannot understand it.
This is a work of national importance. Sir,
there is no harbor on the Atlantic coast outside
of the harbor of New York that is so national
and so important in its character as the Ohio
river as a great highway. The coal that heats
and warms and lights New Orleans and every
city from there up the Mississippi as far as St.
Paul, in Minnesota, and up the Missouri river
as far as Omaha, in Nebraska, floats down tho
Ohio river. From fifty to seventy million
bushels of coal pass down every year in addi-
tion to the other vast commerce that passes
up and down that river. There are six and a
half or seven million people locally interested,
living, so to speak, almost on the shores of
the Ohio river; and then, sir, all the people
living on the Mississippi from there down are
interested iti it. It was said by the Senator
from Illinois that there were ten million peo-
ple living on the Mississippi and its tributaries.
There is a larger proportion than that of the
entire population of this country living upon
the Mississippi and its tributaries. As it stands
now, the Ohio river contributes to the com-
merce of the Mississippi river more than all
the other tributaries put together. _ But if the
chairman was familiar with the Ohio river and
the great country that it waters I think he
would make less opposition to this appropria-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am not
convinced that the Government of the United
States has . ever passed a measure like this
before. I do not know of any such case y and
I desire to call the attention of Senators to the
peculiarfeaturesof this section of the bill. The
proposition is to buy a canal and operate a
canal by the Government—a most remark-
able proposition. I have heard of improving
rivers and harbors, but I never before heard
of the Government of the United States pro-
posing to buy a canal. We are called upon in
this thin Senate, at this late hour of the night,
to pass this very peculiar section, and I ask
the attention of the Senate to it:
That the sum of $450,000 is hereby appropriated
toward completing theLouisvilleandPortland canal,
in accordance with plans and estimates made in the
report of Genera) Godfrey Weitzel; and that the
Government of the United States do hereby assume
the payment of the bonds issued for the completion
of the paid canal and branch, amounting to thesuin
of $1,578,000.
There is so much appropriated toward the
completion of the canal, and we find that Gen-
eral Weitzel in his report says that it wiiltake
a much larger sum than that to complete it—■
over $1,100,000. In that report, according to
his estimate, the first cost of getting this canal
so that the United States will be the proprie-
tor of it, will be $2,741,000. As estimates
fall short of the reality, it may be reasonably
supposed that instead of $3,000,000 in round
numbers that he estimates, before you get
complete proprietorship of the canal and have
it in operation it will cost at least $5,000,000,
because the digging and managing of canals
always cost more than the estimates, and par-
ticularly so when the Government is to pay
the expense. I think, then, it is very well to
say that this $450,000 is appropriated toward
completing the canal, becausc it involves
$3,000,000 or $5,000,000; but what follows
in this section, the proviso, is the most objec-
tionable part to me :
Provided, That all tho title to and right in said
canal and its appurtenances be ceded to and vested
in the United States, and that the State of Kentucky
shall relinquish all claim to the government of tho
same: the said canal, on and after its completion, to
be and remain free from all tolls and tributes, except
so much as shall be necessary to operate the same
and keop it in repair, and that all moneys in the
hands of tho treasurer of the canal company when
transferred shall bo paid into the Treasury of tho
United States.
This is a very remarkable provision. All can
see that when we get this canal, operating at a
distance aswe must do, it will be attended with
a great many difficulties. It does seem to me
that either a private corporation or one of the
adjoining States ought to control it. I am,not
very familiar with the history of this work, but
I believe that it has been under the control of
a private corporation, superintended more or
less by the State of Kentucky, for the last fifty
year:,, and has been tolerably successful. I have
ventured to suggest that if the Government of
the tfnited States undertakes the business of
buying and operating a canal, and taking tolls
and paying the expenses, it will get into a busi-
ness for which it will be very sorry. If we buy
this canal I do not see why we should not buy
the Erie canal. That is a work of great national
importance. More commerce goes over that
work perhaps than through this canal, or cer-
tainly nearly as much. Why not buy that canal
and enlarge it 1 This will be a precedent for
that.
Mr. MORGAN. It would be a very nice
thing to have it free.
Mr. STEWART. Yes; why should not the
Government buy it and have it made free ?
There has been some suggestion about the
principle upon which money is appropriated
for internal improvement. 1 have understood
the principle to bo that appropriations were
made only in cases where the work was of
national importance, and then only when it wag
of such a character that private enterprise
could not accomplish it within a reasonable
time, or perhaps not at all. On that principle
