1869.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
in this crisis should lose the services of so capable
and high-toned a gentleman as he has alwaysshown
himself to bo both in public and private life.
In Apnl or May, 1861, when the spirit and power
of the rebellion had lull sway in Virginia I heard
Judge Parker, in conversation with lay lather and
imself, denounce the secession movement from be-
ginning to end with the most sincere and intelligent
indignation. I heard afterward that when the com-
munity in which he resided, with ail its population
and social, political, and legal organizations, had
yielded to the control of the confederacy, he had
at the solicitation of numerous (then) conservative
fellow-citizens conseuted to huiu over and retain the
judgeship ior the purpose of keeping the office and
its influence from falling into the hands of another
who might prove a tool of the rebel conspirators.
That tnis motive was well judged I have good rea-
son to know personally, for when my aged fatherwas
seized and carried prisoner to Winchester by rebel
partisans it was through Judge Parker's court that
be was released and returned to his homeand friends.
And I have heard of divers others who were pro-
tected by the same tribunal from the outrages and
oppressions of the active agents of rebellion. Nor
bavo I ever heard during thefouryears' reign of ter-
ror and treason of any judicial or personal act of his
which indicated his acquiescence in the assumption
of power which domineered that unfortunate sec-
tion. On the contrary, when in mymilitary capacity
I visited and sojournedin Winchesterdurmg thelate
war. Judge Parker's house was always pointed out
to me as that of a Union man, living in the most
e-uarded quiet and seclusion. Although personally
friendly to him I respected the difficulties of his po-
sition and forbore to visit him, lest it mightimplicate
him in more serious trouble with the enemies of our
common country, who already regarded him with
coldness and wno refused to pay the salary due to
the judse-hip because they considered the incum-
bent disaffected to their bad cause. Indeed, had it
not been tor the high esteem in which Judge Parker's
personal charooter wa3 held it i3 probable he would
have been d. iveu northward during the war.
Under these circumstances, while traitors and
Criminals of all grades are holding up their heads in
impunity and even honor in a country which they
so lately sought to destroy there would appear to be
neither justice nor policy in permitting: the iron
rule to be brought down upon this upright and good
citizen whose opinions were never disloyal, and who
in yielding to the pressure of circumstances used his
office rather to protect the rights and persons of out-
raged loyalists than to support the pretentions of
treason.
It in your judgment the presentation of this state-
ment might be of any service to Judge Parker I beg
that you will place it in the proper hands.
I am, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
DAVID H.STROXHER,
Late Brevet Brig. Gen'l, (J. S. Vol9.;
Late Adj't Gen I of Virginia.
Hon. P. G. V\n Winkle.
L'nited State* Senator.
Mr. Speaker, I have taken the pains to read
this entire letter though long, because it is
from the pen of a brave and gallant soldier of
the Union Army as well as an intelligent writer
for the Union cause, whose name is well
known, not only to members of the House
but to the country at large ; and I do think a
testimonial like this from a Virginian "to the
manner born," who was true to the flag when
it was something to be true, and who is ac-
quainted with Judge Parkerand his character.
Such a testimonial outweighs the protest of
men who have not lived in Virginia more than
twelve months.
Here, too, are petitions of citizens of Win-
chester, Frederick county. Virginia, in favor
ot removing the political disabilities of Judge
Pari ;er. 1 have also the letter of Mr. Meade,
a well-known Union man of Winchester, Vir-
ginia, in favor of the same thing. Here is one
i will send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk lead as follows:
Winchester, Yibgixia,
February 15, 1S69.
Dear Sir: Having had thehonor of your acquaint-
ance heretofore, I take tlie liberty of addressing to
you this certificate ot the character of [ho citizens
who have sisned the two memorials to Congress ask-
ing the iemov.il of the disabilities of Judge Richard
Parker, of Virginia.
I certify that the following persons whose names
arc upon the said memorials are now and wero
throughout the whole of the war unconditional and
uncompromising Union men, namely:
Daniel Wright,
James 11. Barnhart,
Samuel L. Larew,
Henry M. Bient,
Daniel T. Wood.
Abtierllodgson,
German Smith,
Z. Silvers,
A. II. Hackney,
Peter llctt,
John W. Samption,
F. 65. S. MeKohn.
George F. Miller.
Joseph N. Jolhffe,
MOige Auli.-k,
Xhouias b. Wood,
K. Atwell.
Josiah L B.titer,
iilm.m Shumate,
William Busey,
W. L. Trimble,
A. F. Hyatt.
Bavid Robinson,
John F. Smith,
And I certify that these gentlemen represent tho ,
onion property-hoi dors of this county, and are i
themselves worth notless than half amillion dollars, ,
mostly in real esta'e.
Of tho other names upon the memorial?, sfime of
them are gentlemen who have come to this country '
from the North since the close of the war, and the
rest have always been quiet citizens; old residents
of the county, and men of wealth.
As a property-holder and a resident citizen of this
county I hope that the disabilities of Judge Parker
will be removed.
I will add that I am a known uncompromising
Union man, and that I was the candidate of the
Union party in this county for the late convention
which formed the constitution in this State uuder the
reconstruction acts.
Very respectfully, yours,
DAVID LOTTOS',
lion. Henry Wilson, United Slates Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state, without
reading any more papers, that I have the in-
dorsement of Senators Vax Wixkle and Wil-
i,ey and Representative Hubbard, of West
Virginia, and also a letter from Judge Lewis,
chairman of the Republican committee of
Frederick county. I will not take up time to
read them.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Illinois
has read documents or had them read to show
this man has been loyal during the war. I ask
him to let me condemn Judge Parker out of
his own mouth.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have already stated
the charge to the grand jury.
Mr. J ULIAN, Will the gentleman allow
me to have read a brief extract?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield.
Mr. MULLINS. Oh,no: he will never yield
to have the facts given.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
any garbled extracts from newspapers.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question not connected with this mat
ter at all? 1 desire to know if the names of
George W. Jones, of Tennessee, and Henry
S. Foote, of Mississippi, are included.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Foote is of Tennessee
now.
Mr. LOGAN. Are they included by the
committee of conference?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They were not put
in by the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. Are they in the bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are in the
Senate amendment to the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Have these two men ever
asked over their own signatures to be relieved
of their disabilities ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I hold in my hand
a letter of Mr. Jones asking Congress to re-
lieve him from disabilities, which I will read.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wanted to know the
fact. I understand thev do not ask it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state, so far
as Mr. Jones is concerned, I know he did ask
it during the last session of Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. How with Mr. Foote?
Mr. N0RR1S. The names of the two gen-
tlemen were before the Committee on Recon-
struction, and they were not put in. They
were put in by the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wanted to know if
these two men have petitioned Congress for
relief.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will read an ex-
tract from the letter of Mr. Jones, so that the
matter may stand fairly before the House.
Mr. Jones was formerly a member of this
House, as old members will recollect. He was
not a secessionist in 1861. He writes as fol-
lows :
" I seo from the proceedings of Congress, as re-
ported, that tho removal of disabilities from south-
ern men is again under consideration. I would like
to have all disabilities removed Irom me; not that
I ever expect or desire again to hold office, but
merely to have the thing done. You know me well
and my course as a member oi Congress. Ineverwas
a secessionist nor a disuoionist, but was always and
am yet a Democrat, and could not honestly bo any-
thing else. I know X love and honor the Constitu-
tion and Government of the United States. I am
loyal."
[Laughter.]
Mr. SYPHER. Is he not a member of the
Kuklux Klan?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He then refers to
members of Congress who knew him. It is
not necessary I should read that part of the
letter.
Mr. LOGAN. I make no point on that;
but how about Mr. Foote?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will answer in re-
gard to him so far as I know. I do not know
that he has petitioned for the removal of his
disabilities. His name was put in by the Sen-
ate on motion of a Senator. I will say, how-
ever, it was not the Senator from Nevada, who
had charge of the bill, but another Senator.
Mr. SYPHER. I desire to put the same
question relative to M. B. Lasalle.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Some of these names
were put in, as in the case of Mr. Jones, by the
Senate. The name of the gentleman alluded
to by the member from Louisiana I understand
was put in on the motion of the Senators from
Louisiana.
Mr. SHANKS. I want the gentleman from
Illinois to state whether he does or does not
know that this man Foote at Andersonville,
during the rebellion, gloated over the murders
and outrages committed upon Union prisoners
by the confederate authorities ? He stood there
and looked upon them and gave his approval
of those personal outrages, black and damna-
ble as they were. Sir, I am opposed to voting
for the relief of the man who committed such
crimes against the Governmentand the people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know any-
thing of that.
Mr. SHANKS. I do know it; and it has
been proven by sworn witnesses time and time
again before me, and I have reported it to the
House within the last ten days.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
from Indiana makes that statement of his own
knowledge I am bound to believe it.
Mr. SHANKS. I state it on the sworn testi-
mony of soldiers who suffered in bis presence—
testimony taken before a committee of this
House. I make that statement. I stand here
to declare it before the American people. As
for this man Parker, I know him personally,
and know him to be the judge who tried John
Brown.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield
further.
message from tue senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin*,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 528) to carry
into effect the decree of the district court of
the United States for the southern district of
New York in the case of the British steamer
Labuan, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
removal or disabilities.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield for five
minutes to my colleague on the Reconstruction
Committee from Michigan, [Mr. Beamax.]
Mr. BEAMAN. It is utterly impossible for
me to make any presentation of this case in
five minutes, but 1 desire, if I can have suffi-
cient time, to present some reasons why, in my
iudgment, this report of the committee of con-
ference ought not to be agreed to. It is not
necessary perhaps at this time to show conclu-
sively that this Judge Parker ought not to be
relieved, because everybody understands that
at this stage of the session we have not time for
deliberation.
My colleague on the Committee on Recon-
struction has introduced some letters and papers
for the purpose of showing that loyal men are
in favor of relieving Judge Parker. I desire
to present the statements of loyal men to show
that there is at least a doubt whether he ought
to be relieved, more especially as the ostens-
ible object of his applying for relief is that he
may continue to hold an office which lie now
occupies. I send to the Clerk's desk and ask
to have read the proceedings of a meeting of
the Winchester Council of the Union League.
The Clerk read as follows :
At a meeting of tho Winchester Council of tho
Union League of America, held in their chamber,
Saturday, January 23,1869, the following preamble
and resolutions were unanimously adopted:
Whereas a few disfranchised rebels and others la
