1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
las?
use of American iron in the construction of
land-grant railroads; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
freedom of transit within united states.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H.'R. No.
157'J) to secure and protect the freedom of
transit within the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee oa the Judiciary.,
captain george e. qeisham.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1580)
for the relie1' of Captain George E. Grisham,
of Tennessee; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
sakah baery.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. I08I) for the relief of Sarah
Barry ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
elizabeth iiockaday.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1582) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Hock&day, of Tennessee; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
mechanics' and farmers' bank, albany.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House of the condition of the
National Mechanics' and Farmers' Bank of Albany,
New York, and whether any proceedings have been
instituted against that association for evasionof the
law and omission to comply with the national cur-
rency act.
new post routes is missouri.
Mr. NEWCOMB, by unanimotfs consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1583) to establish
certain post routes in the State of Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
naturalization of aliens.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
moved that the Committee on the Judiciary be
discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 1274, concerning the naturali-
zation of aliens; and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL also moved that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill No. 1429,
to amend an act entitled " An act to establish
a uniform rule of naturalization," &c., passed
April 14, 1802; and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States.
The motion was agreed to.
unjon pacific railroad.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to transmit to this House a copy of the
report of the special commissioners on any of the
branches of the Union Pacific railroad which has
been received since the dsite of his communication in
answer to House resolution of the 15th ultimo.
jane binlky.
Mr. JULIAN,by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1584) for the relief of
Jane Finley; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
naturalization laws.
Mr. JULIAN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1585) to amend
the naturalization laws of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
naomi adams.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1586) granting a
pension to Mrs. Naomi Adams; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
post routes in missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1587) estab-
lishing certain post routes in the State of Mis-
souri ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ILLDRIDGE. I call for the regular
order.
iowa war claims again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 1491) fixing the amount found
to be due to the State of Iowa on account of
certaiu claims against the United States, the
pending question being on seconding the pre-
vious question, on which Mr. Randall had
demanded a division.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
51, noes 18; no quorum voting,
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman that he will accomplish his
object by consenting to consider the previous
question as seconded and calling the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
Mr. RANDALL. I accept the suggestion.
The previous question was accordingly sec-
onded ; and, on ordering the main question,
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays ; which were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 24, not vot-
ing 07 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnel!, Delos
R. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Bcamaii, Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Boles. Boutwcll, Bowen, Boyden,
Broomall, Buckland. Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Builer, Cake, Calhs, Churchill, Sidney Claike,
Cobb, Coburn. Cortey, Covode. Cullom. Delano, De-
weese, Ela, Eliot, Farnswoi-th. French, Goss, Gravely,
Haughey, Ilealon, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Ineersoll,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Xiel.iey, Ketoham, Kooutz, Lnflin, Logan,
Loughridee, Lynch, Mallory. Maynard, JlcCarthj,
McUoimit It.McKee, Mercur, Miller,Moore, Morrell,
Muliius, News'nam, Nonis, O'Neill, Paine, Perbam,
Pettis, Pierce, Poland, Polsley, Price, Prince, llan- \
dall. Robertson, Roots, Schonck, Shanks, Spalding, ;
Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stover. Svplier, TatYe, 1
Thomas, John Trimble, Upson, Kiihu Ti. Washburne, !
Hemy I). Washburn. Welker, Whiltcmore, William I
Williams, J amesF. Wilson, JohnT. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Win do mi, urid Woodbridge—100.
N AYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Beck, Boyer.Cary,
Chanler. Eldridse. Getz, Grover, Haisjht, Ilolman,
Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Thomas L.Jones, Knott, McCul- ;
lough, N"iblack, Robin-on, Stone, Taber, Tift, Law- ;
roncc S. Trimble. Van Trump, and Woodward—24. j
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, James M. '
Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Bamum, Besitty, Benton, ■
Blackburn, Blaine, Blair, Bromwell, Brooks, Buck-
lev, Burr, Header W. Clarke, Clift, Cook. Cornell, 1
Dawes, Dickey, Pison, Dockery, Dodi?e, Donnelly, .
Driggs, liekley, Bdw.nds, Egglerton, Ferriss, Foiry,
Fields, Fox, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gove,
Griswold.Hnlsey, Hamilton.IlardinK. Haw kins.Hop-
kins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Cliestei D.Hubbaid, Kieh-
aid 1). Hubbard, llulburd,Humphrey, Hunter, Kerr,
Kitchen, Lash, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence. Lincoln, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Moorhoad,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Neweomb. Nicholson,
JJunn, Orth, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants.Pom-
eroy. Pruyn, Raum, R.oss, Sawyer, Scofield, Selye,
Shellabarger. Sitgreaves, Smith, Steven", Taylor,
'Xiowbridge.Twichell.Van Aernam.Van Auken. Burt
Van Horn. Robert T. Van Horn, Von W'yck, Vidal,
Ward, Cadwalfulcr C.Wn=libura, William B.Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, Wood, and Young—97.
So the main question was ordered.
The question then recurred 011 agreeing to
the amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, to
add to the instructions the words " and also to
all the claims of the State of Iowa which were
presented to and passed upon by the commis-
sioner appointed under the act approved July
25, 1866."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the mo-
tion of Mr. Wood, to refer the substitute of
Mr. Pruyn to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, with instructions to report a general bill
comprehending similar claims of all the States,
as just amended on motion of Mr. W ilson, of
Iowa.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsiderthe vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also moved
to reconsider the votes by which the various
bills, &c., were referred; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with the call
of committees for reports.
purchase of tools.
Mr. KELLEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made a report in writing in response to
the resolution of the House instructingthe com-
mittee to inquire into the legalityand regularity
of the purchase of tools by Theodore Zeller,
chief engineer of the Philadelphia navy-yard ;
and moved that the report be recommitted and
printed for the use of the committee.
Mr. STEW ART. I wish it understood that
that is not the report of the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It is the report of a sub-committee.
Mr. KELLEY. My colleague is in error.
The committee appointed a sub-committee to
proceed and make a personal examination and
to examine witnesses. That sub-committee
reported, and the Naval Committee at a regu-
lar meeting, by formal vote, instructed me to
make this report as the report of the committee,
and ask that it be printed for the use of the
committee and recommitted to the committee.
I am not acting as one of the sub-committee,
but as the organ of the Naval Committee in
this matter.
Mr. STEWART. My colleague will excuse
me, but, as I understand, the Committee on
Naval Affairs has not as yet taken any action
on that report excepting to give leave that the
report may be made to the House, to be printed
for the use of the committee for further action.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is right and
wrong. It is not the final report of the com-
mittee, or they would not ask that it should be
recommitted, but it is, in so far as wanting it
printed and recommitted, the report of the
Naval Committee, whose representative I am in
asking this. It is not presented as a final report,
Mr. STEWART. The Committee 011 Naval
Affairs did not take any definite action on this
report. I have not read it, nor have several
members of the committee. The understand-
ing was that it should go back for further con-
sideration.
Mr. KELLEY. And that is precisely what
I am asking.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York insist that this report was not author-
ized to be made by the committee?
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; I do not; but as
I understand it the committee desire the report
printed for the use of the comiflittee alone.
Mr. KELLEY. That is wliatl have asked.
Mr. STEWART. It is no expression of the
committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will find
on page 55 of the Digest that " if it is disputed
that a report has been ordered to be made by
a committee, the question of reception must
he put to the House."
Mr. STEWART. I do not in that sense
objcct.
The report was then recommitted to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed for the use of the committee.
bureau or steam engineering.
Mr. KELLEY', from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (II. R. No. 728) relating to
the Bureau of Steam Engineering in the Navy
Department.
The bill proposes to provide that from and
after this date, to secure the further efficiency
of the Navy, a civilian may be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to fill the position of chief
of the Bureau of Steam Engineering of the Navy
Department.
Mr. KELLEY. There were many considers-
