1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
sympathy with them in the interests of the rebel
element of this section of Virginia, and in order to
retain among them influence tending to defeat recon-
struction in Virginia under the proposed plan, are
now vigorously seeking the removal of the political
disabilities from Richard Parker, acting judge of the
thirteenth judicial circuit, and who is incapacitated
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States to perform the functions of said
office of cireuitjudge; and whereas said Richard Par-
ker as judge of said circuit did, a.t the beginning of
the war, in June.1861, prostitute the judicial office to
the interest and purpose of the rebellion and from
the bench did charge the grand jury of his court to
indict all men who were suspected of loyalty to the
Union or opposed to the dismemberment thereof, and
announced as his well-considered opinion that the
State of Virginia had a perfect legal right to secede
from the Federal Union, and did thus crush out every
sentiment of loyalty and inaugurated a system of
judicial proscription not surpassed by any Jeffries of
the seventeenth century, as far as was in his power
to do so ,• and whereas the said Richard Parker has
not since the war by word declared nor by any act
indicated a retraction of said treasonable utterances
thus judicially announced, nor has he in any wise,
so far as we are informed, changed Ms mind in regard
to the sentiments pronounced in said charge; but on
the contrary he did, forgetting the dignity of his
office, in a public harangue delivered before the
court-house in "Winchester in September, 1866, upon
his return from the " Philadelphia August conven-
tion," which he attended as a delegate, denounce
the Congress of the United States in unmeasured and
bitter terms as a tyrannical usurpation, &c., and did
on the same occasion oppose and denounce in ad-
vance the reconstruction of the rebel States: There-
fore,
Remlved, That Richard Parker is not worthy of
any congressional clemency, and we hereby express
our contempt and indignation at the design of rebels
and others in his behalf,
Reiolved, That we do hereby in the name of all
the loyal citizens of this judicial-circuit most respect-
fully but emphatically protest against the removal
of the said Judge Parker's disabilities.
Beeohed, That a copy of these resolutions be for-
warded to the Reconstruction Committee of the
House of Representatives, the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate, and Hon. Charles Sumner, United
States Senate, and Hon. Samuei. Shellabarger,
member of Congress.
A, M. CRANE, President.
Thomas S. IIargest, Secretary.
Mr. Beaman resumed the floor.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I understand that all
these gentlemen ask is the poor privilege of
holding office and ruling the country they could
not destroy. I want to know of the gentle-
man if he is going to deprive them of that
privilege ? They cannot wait till another session
of Congress, which commences to-morrow.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I resume the floor.
Mr. MULLINS. I want to ask the gentle-
man something in regard to the persons from
my own congressional district who come here
with their hands dyed with blood.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not yield to
anybody now.
Mr. MULLINS. Well, we will vote your
measure down.
_ Mr. BEAMAN. I hope the previous ques-
tion will be voted down.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I have not called
the previous question yet. I wish to state to
the House, in view of the statement made on
his responsibility by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Shanks,] that if it is true that Mr.
Foote, of Tennessee, rejoiced over the murder
of Union prisoners he ought not to be relieved,
and in view of the statement of the gentleman
from Indiana I should myself vote against re-
lieving him. But as this is a conference report
no namecanbe stricken out. We have to agree
or disagree to the report ofthe committee. With
regard to Mr. Foote I will say that the Recon-
struction Committee considered his case and
heard nothing of this sort. His name was
inserted in the Senate and we heard no objec-
tion to it, and therefore we allowed itto remain.
I think it the wisest economy of time now to
ask for a vote, and I therefore call for the pre-
vious question. That will bring the House to a
vote whether we will concur in the report or
not. Before I do that, however, I will yield
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby.]
Mr. HIGBY. I know nothing about the
conduct of any of these men during the rebel-
lion; I presume it was bad enough. But I
suppose the foundation for the recommenda-
tion made by the committee in reference to
these persons is the conduct of these men since
the rebellion, that theyliave accepted the situ-
ation and are very sorry for what they have
done.
I cannot say but the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. ShanksJ is right in many of his state-
ments, but I think he is incorrect in regard to
Mr. Foote. I am pretty well informed upon
reliable authority, and I have been for months
past, that Senator Foote had become heartsick
of the course he had pursued during the rebel-
lion and has since exhibited a sincere repent-
ance, and that, too, without reference to what is
being done here. The information has come
to me in that kind of way that I am as well
satisfied in reference to his repentance as I
can be satisfied about anything upon informa-
tion produced by any one here.
I rise to say this much, not in vindication
of his conduct during the rebellion or since,
any further than I have stated. I do not be-
lieve he is subject to any severer charges than
any others named in this bill. I will say, how-
ever, in this connection that I shall not vote
for one of them. I had some little personal
acquaintance with Senator Foote in my own
State previous to the rebellion. But since the
rebellion I think he has pursued a course that
makes him as deserving of lenity as any one
named in the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for five
minutes.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say to the House
that I have been on the Committee on Recon-
struction and also on the committee of confer-
ence. When this bill was first reported to the
House it contained altogether the names of
men who were Republicans. The Represent-
atives on this floor from the southern States
asked that those men be relieved on the ground
that it was absolutely necessary to enable them
to carry on their State governments there.
When the bill came to bo presented to the
House I said that while there were no Demo- \
crats in the bill still it was believed that there j
would be other bills reported in which the
names of Democrats would be placed, and I
therefore asked gentlemen on this side of the
House to vote for the bill so that the machinery
of the State governments there might be put
in operation. They did so, and the bill passed
the House and was sent to the Senate. The
Senate added a number of other names to the
bill. The amendment of the Senate came over j
here to the House and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, who made a careful
scrutiny of the names. Those names were be-
fore the committee for two weeks and no sug-
gestion was made against Mr. Foote, who is a
man now seventy-five years of age, and who
will be fortunate if he lives until spring.
The name of George W. Jones seemed to
be known to all the members of the commit-
tee, and no objection was made to him. All
the objectionable names that could be found
out by the Committee on Reconstruction were
stricken out by the committee of conference,
except the names of Judge Meridith and Judge j
Parker. As to Judge Meridith, every man j
who spoke of him spoke of him as a man of !
the utmost impartiality, a man who adminis-
tered the law to all alike, white and black, rich
and poor, Democrat or Radical. The con-
ferees on the part of the Senate claimed that
his name should remain in the bill. And so
with regard to J udge Parker ; while it was true
that he had delivered a charge in 1861 to which
the Senate objected, he had opposed the seces-
sion of his State. But after it had seceded,
he being a judge of that State and obliged to
judge of the laws of the State, said that they
were in that position without his help. The
Senate insisted upon those two names remain-
ing in the bill. They are the only two names
that were objected to by the Reconstruction
Committee, as far as I have ever heard, that are
retained in the bill. But the Senate were
unanimous that they should remain there.
The names of all the others were inserted
upon the request of the Representatives of the
southern States on the ground that they are
now Republicans, and that the removal of their
disabilities is absolutely necessary for the
proper conduct of the government there.
So far as parties are concerned this side of
the House has very little interest in this bill.
In the committee the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farxsworth, ] the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Norris,] and myself agreed that
there was now nothing against any of these
judges that required their names to be struck
out, though the gentleman from Alabama said
he would prefer that they had been omitted,
as the bill would then more readily pass the
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that the
report of the committee of conference be laid
on the table, antfr on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, if we lay
this report on the table does that end the
bill?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And then these gentle-
men cannot hold office before to-morrow.
[Laughter.]
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62, nays 98, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Benton, Bromwell. Broom-
all, Benjamin P. Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn. Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Dickey, Bison, Bon-
nelly, Eekley, Eggleston, Ferriss, Field-s, Griswold,
Harding, Higby. Hopkins, Jenekes, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Lash, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Maynard, McKee;
Mercur, Moore, Mullins, Newshain, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Price, Raum, Soofield, Selye, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens, Stover,
Svpher, Up'ion, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward. Henry I). Washburn, Whittemore, William
Williams, Stephen P. Wilson, and Windom—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Delos R. Ashkjy, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Barnes,
Barntim, Beaman, Beatty. Beck, Bingham, Biair,
Boydon, Brooks, Buekland, Buckley, Roderick II.
Butler, Callis, Clifr, Corley, Dawes, Deweese, Dot k-
ery, Ela. Thomas D. Eiiot, James T. Elliott, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Fox, French, Getz, Golladay, Go*s,
Gove, Gravely, Grover, Haigbt, Haughey, Heaton,
Hill, Ilolman, Hotchkiss, Chester I). Hubbard, Ilul-
burd, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L. .him'.-, K<■ i -
ley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen. Knott, Laflin,
Loughridge, McCarthy MeCormick, Miller, Morrell,
Morrissey, Mungen, Neweomb, Niblack, Nicholson,
Norris, Peters, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Princc, Robertson, Robinson, Roots,
Ross, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stokes, Stone,
Taber, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell, Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wclker. Wood,
and Young—98.
NOT VOTING-Mesors. Anderson, JamesM. Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin, Blackburn, Blaine,
Boles, BouUvoll, Bowen, Bo> er, Burr, Gary, Chanler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Collax.Covode, Delano,
Dodge, Driggs, Edwards, Eldridge, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, HaUey, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hooper,
Asahel W. Ilabbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Koonlz, George V. Lawrence, Lynch,
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCullough, Moorhead,
Myers, Nunn, Pcrham, Polslcy, Pruyn, Randall,
Sohenck, Stewart, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elibu B.
Washburne, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Woodward—62.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was not laid on the table.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its amendments, disagreed to by the
House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1803) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes, had agreed to the conference asked
by the House, and had appointed as conferees
on the part of the Senate Mr. Wilson, Mr.
Spraghje, and Mr. Coxuess.
removal of disabilities again.
The question recurred upon the demand of
Mr. Farnsworth for the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will say to the
House that in view of what has been said about
Mr. Foote I do not expect the House to agree
to this report. I shall not object to a non-
concurrence with the view of sending the mat-
ter to another committee of conference.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
would it be in order to move to postpone the
