m
wn qojstg-rbssional gi.obi.
January o,
tiQns moving the committee to the approval of
this bill, f beg leave to state a few of them.
There is 110 branch ol'sciehce in which more pro-
gress has been made within the last quarter of a
century than that of engineering. The science of
engineering and the tools and appliances Used
by engineers or in the construction of steam
engines have probably improved more rapidly
than any other department of science or the
useful arts. The engineer corps of the Navy is
necessarily a small one. The number of chief
engineers is but fifty-two,. There are many
men of mark in that corps. But the field of
their operations is circumscribed. There is a
much wider field for the development of engi-
neering skill and judgment in the general civil
service of the country, in the development of
our mechanical and material resources, and in
the wide field of the steam commercial marine.
The committee believe that the Government
should have access in selecting an engineer-
in-chief to this wider field of experience and
study than the Navy with its formulas and, to
use a popular phrase, red tape affords. It is
not believed by the Naval Committee that our
Navy exhibits the highest character of engi-
neering. lleports come to us from line offi-
cers on every station and other observers that
our vessels move b_v steam alone, while those
of other nations with moie adequate steam
apparatus resort to their sails while ciuisirig
on stations, and thus save the fuel ours con-
sume and the wear and tear of machinery they
are undergoing. Line officers report to us
from every station that our vessels, when they
move impelled by our style of engines, move
only to look at the sterns of competing ves-
sels, even of those of the little South American
States which have navies.
It was therefore believed that great, good
would accrue to the service by authorizing the
head of the Navy Department or the President
of the United Slates to look over the whole
field of engineers and select, if he can find one,
a Stephenson or an Ericsson, that we might
in our naval service enjoy the economy that is
practiced and the efficiency attained by other
nations. These arc some of the views that
controlled the Committee on Naval Affairs in
instructing me to report this b'U.
So far as I am personally concerned I am,
however, ready to enforce its adoption by other
suggestions. But if any gentleman desires
information on any special point in connection
with this subject I will gladly yield to him, to
hear and answer his question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I really
should like some further information than the
gentleman has given us before I vote for the
creation of another office. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [itr. Ivelley] very well
understands the number of bureaus in the Navy
Department. 1 believe they amount to no less
than nine, and among them all this Bureau of
Steam Engineering has been the source of more
trouble, complaint, and expense to the Gov-
ernment than all the other bureaus there ; and
I cannot, with the explanation of tho gentle-
man, so far as 1 have heard it, assent to the
creation of another bureau with another sal-
aried officer. I did not catch the gentleman's
idea of what particular benefit he expects the
Government will receive from this office, and
therefore I do not fully understand why we
should create another bureau in the Navy De-
partment, at the present time.
Mr. KELLEY. The bill does not contem-
plate the creation of another office ; it does
however, open the possibility, as the gentle-
man has suggested, of adding one to the num-
ber of chief engineers. The office of engineer-
in-ohief is now a distinctive office; but that
officer must, under existing laws, be selected
from the engineer corps of the Navy. I appre-
hend that there would have been a saving to
the Government of tens, indeed I think I may
say ofliundreds of millions of dollars, if we
had liad such an engineer in-chief as might
Lave been selected from civil life instead of
having the engineer department of the Navy
managed as it has been during the war.
I ask the gentleman whether, among the
numerous complaints of which he speaks, he
has not heard those to which I have alluded,
namely, that we have the slowest Navy in the
world ; that in the strife between the engineer
corps and the line the engineer corps, endeav-
oring to exalt itself above the line, have
made our ships depend entirely upon steam,
fuel, and machinery, so that the engineer shall
be the important man on the ship, and subor-
dinate to him the naval officer to whom the
command belongs?
The result of this attempt of the engineer
corps to subordinate the line has been that
while the vessels of other nations sail to dis-
tant stations and from point to point while on
stations, using steam as an auxiliary and in
exigencies, our vessels have not adequate sails
and rigging to move them, burdened as they
are with machinery and fuel, even with fair
breezes. When they change their location they
must resort to coal, no matter how many hun-
dred dollars per ton it may cost us. The sav-
ing in this matter alone will equal the salary
not only of an engiueer-in-chief but the pay
of a large part of the engineer corps.
Has not the gentleman from Illinois also
heard that under the management of our pres-
ent engineer-in-chief, the cherished head of
the engineer corps of the Navy, we have a
ship said to bo the fleetest on the ocean, the
Wampanoag, but which cannot carry her own
fuel for a monlh together with food for the
competent number of officers and men for the
same time ? So much of her room is taken up
by engines, eoal-bunkers, fire-room, &c., that
the officers in command of what is boasted of
as the fleetest ship in the world are compelled
to occupy quarters less commodious than are
allowed on ordinary merchant ships moved
by steam. It is possible that in selecting some
future Stephenson or Ericsson an additional
office may be created; but if he shall give us a
navy which, when on stations, doing merely
watch duty, can move as the ships of other
navies do, under sail—which, when merely
making formal cruises can, as other vessels
do, move under sail—you will find that he
will, as I have already intimated, save each
day to the Treasury of the country more than
the annual salary of the engineer-in-chief of
the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, 1 do not doubt the truth of what the
gentleman says. His remarks only corrobo-
rate what I have already stated as to the com-
plaints, the just complaints, which have been
made in regard to this Bureau of Steam En-
gineering. But I differ with the gentleman as
to the remedy. I do not conceive it necessary
for us, in order to obtain a remedy for these
things, to create a new officer.
Mr. KtCLLEY. Will the gentleman state the
remedy he would suggest ? .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
tnrn out the present officer and put in a better
man.
Mr. KELLEY. Can yon find such a man in
the engineer corps?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know. _ I presume a good man can be found in
the engineer corps.
Mr. KELLEY. Now, Mr. Speaker, I want
to say that, thus far I have been speaking for
the committee, and expressing the views which
I heard expressed around me in the committee-
room when the bill w.is under consideration.
I will now speak for myself, and present some
facts that impel me to support the bill which I
was directed by the committee to present and
advocate. _ I say that the esprit du corps, as
disclosed in a series of stupid or corrupt trans-
actions, is so widely diffused in our engineer
corps of the Navy that I would not trust the
corps to indicate its own chief or advise the
head of the Government as to his selection.
Sir, the steam navy depends upon its ma-
chinery. 1 reiterate what i have already said,
that the* progress of science with reference to
appliances foj erecting and managiug machi-
nery exceeds the progress made m any other
branch of useful science during the last quarter
of a century. Yet, I tell tha gentleman from
Illinois and you, Mr. Speaker, that within the
last two years your engineer corps have been
buying out old machine-shops and converting
the machine-shops of yonr navy-yards into-ola-
junk-shops. J tell you thatattlie Philadelphia
navy-yard, under the shadow of the shops of
the most eel brated tool-makers in the country,
William Sellers & Co. and Bement ■& Dough-
erty, they have purchased within eighteen'
months tools that were superannuated twenty-
years ago; that they have bought tools such
as you cannot, find in any modern workshops
in the United States or Europe; that they have
paid $20,000 for three superannuated or worn-
out tools which any practical engineer in the
country would swear would not be worth in a
machine-shop the space they occupy if the
proprietors Had the means of buying adequate
tools. And, sir, I tell you more, that they
have paid for scrap-iron which still retains the
general form of machines more money than
would have bought new tools in Philadelphia,
Newark, New Jersey, Providence, Rhode
Island, Worcester, Massachusetts, or at any
other point in the country at which tools for
the manufacture of steam enginery are made.
These facts will hereafter come before jou,
sir, officially, though 1 now state them on my
personal-authority only.
My argument is, sir, that for the purpose of
breaking up—whichever it may be—the compli-
city in crime or the esprit ilu corps of tlfe
engineer corps we should allow the incoming
Administration to select an engineer-in-chief
from the widest field. I ask the attention of
the gentleman from Illinois to this suggestion;
that so widely diffused is the esprit du corps in
the engineer corps, or so complete is the com-
plicity in wrong among its head and certain
members, that we should let the light of prac-
tical judgment and the general integrity of
the community go into that Department and
endeavor to reclaim, if possible, our Navy
from its destroyers and our Treasury from those
who are bleeding it to death.
I beg leave to remark to gentlemen from
New England that if they will go to the navy-
yard at Portsmouth they will find there boxed
up under sheds, for which the Government has
no use, and which, though bought more than
eighteen months ago, have not been set up,
old tools bought from an engine manufactory,
which was beiag abandoned, not because the
proprietor was giving up the business, but,
because he had bought a new shop, and. it was
better for him to sell his oid tools to the engi-
neer department of the United States Navy
than to remove them to his new shop near by
the old one. For the Philadelphia yard they
have bought a planer after eleven years' use,
part of the time in the city of Philadelphia,
part in the city of St. Louis, and part in the
works of John Roach & Son, New York, from
whom it was bought for $6,600, when they
could have bought a new one from Bement &
Dougherty, "its makers, or the Gonld Machine
Company, Newark, New Jersey, or any of
the manufacturers of such tools, for $fi,000.
So, eleven years of use, transportation about
the country, and repairing damage, made that
old tool worth to the engineers of the Navy
$600, or ten per cent, more than a first-class
new tool fresh from the shop of its makers or
their rivals in business.
These are some of the reasons which I urge
personally. The broad comprehensive reasons
are those by which the committee were gov-
erned. The information I am laying before
you had not reached any of the members of
the committee when they acted on the bill un-
der consideration, and therefore l am not at
liberty to speak for other members of the com-
mittee on this branch of the subject. But on
my personal responsibility I state these facts,
and stand prepared to jsrove them before the
House in conjunction with a vast mass more
damning than any I have referred to j and I"
think the gentleman from Illinois will proba-
bly find that he will promote economy eveti if*
