1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/
/
the incoming Administration should add a chief
engineer to the corps, and save countless mil-
lions of dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. Cannot the Secretary now jl
secure the best engineering and skill outside?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; he is confined to
the selection of the engineer-in-chief to the
limited corps of chief engineers in the Navy : !|
and, as pertinent to the gentleman's question, i;
I will say that two naval boards, two boards
of engineers—and from that, fact I derive my
conviction of complicity—two naval boards,
with these facts staring them in the face, with
this evidence drawn from the files of the de-
partment of steam engineering at Philadelphia
navy-yard, with no conflict of testimony be-
tween individuals on several of the points, the
papers speaking for themselves, and I have
them here—two boards of engineers have found
these transactions honest and honorable and
advantageous to the United States Govern-
ment. Jt appears from the papers in the en-
gineer depaitinent, official copies of which I
hold in my hand, that in August, 1866, when
the decline in prices in such things after the
close of the war had but begun, William Sellers
& Co. offered the department twenty-live ton
cranes, wood-work, iron-work, the machines
all complete, for $2,000; and here, under the
sameceitifieate of the department, from papers
furnished by the sam  office, it is in evidence
that in 1868, when the average of fifteen per
cent, fall had taken place, they bought from
Joiin Roach & Sons inferior cranes of the same
size for $2,250, the price of William Sellers &
Co. at the same date for the same cranes hav-
ing fallen to $1,690. They paid John Roach
& Sons $8,250 when they had official evidence
before them that William Sellers & Co., the
men who carried off the gold medal at the
recent International Exposition, would furnish
them for $1,690. Again, sir, the same official
papers show that they received on the 24th of
August, I860, offers from Bement& Dougherty,
the rivals of William Sellers & Co., for fifteen
ton cranes at $1,500, and that eighteen months
thereafter, with a declining market, they paid
to their favorites, John Roach & Sons, $1,750
each for five of these cranes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not know what this
has to do with my question.
Mr. KELLEY. I am coming to the point.
. Citizens of Philadelphia were outraged by see-
ing the navy-yaid gorged like a "junk-shop"
with old tools brought from different parts of
the country. They appealed to the Navy De-
partment, and the Navy Department appointed
a board of naval engineers to investigate the
matter, and with these facts before them they
whitewashed the transaction and reported that
they saw nothing dishonest in these things.
An appeal from their decision was made to
the Secretary of the Navy, and another board
of engineers was appointed and gave these
transactions their approval. That is the rea-
son 1 wish to go outside of the corps for an
officer to indicate boards of inquiry. I will
not further delay action on this bill, but will
hereafter discuss the matters 1 have broached
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I now demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion tiiereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 23, not voting
101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arehcr, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin.
Bank-, Barnes, Benjamin. Bo es. Bout,well Bowen.
I3ovUen,Boycr,Brortmall,Bu<:kland,Roderick R.But-
ic-'Cikc Oalii.s Ch.mler, Churchill. Sidney Clarke,
C()l)'),Cobur[i.(Jur]ev,CulI«;m,Dclfiuo,i)eweose.EcI<ley
7<v r ul K'.o-ir^fpp Kb! Haot.F<iniswortn,i?reiien,
G uii'old? a*s, Gr.m-ly/Hawkr.s, Ileaton. Higby,
Hooper. lloiehkn-s. Chester D.
Jenokes,Johnson, Alexander-J..Jones, Ju&d.Kell y.
Kitchen, Koontz. Lash. Logan, Loughridge, Mallory,
Maynard, McCarthy. McKee, Mcrcur, Miller, Moore,
Morrell, Mullins, Newcomb, Newsham, Norris,
O'Neill, Paine, Peril am. Pettis, Picrce.Polsley, Price,
Prince, Robinson, Boots, Sciienck, Shanks, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Sypher,
Tift, John Trimble, Upson, Elihu B. Wasbburne,
Welkor, Wfiittemore, William Williams. James 1".
Wilson. John I1. Wilson, and Windom—97.
NAYS. —Messrs. Benman, Bingham, Cary, Eld-
ridge, Gets!, (jr'ovcr, II,light, Holman, 'l'homas L.
Jones, Kclsey.Ketcham, Laflin, McCormick, Kiblaek,
Randall, Robertson, Spalding, Stone, Taber, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Trump, Woodbridge, and
"W oodward—~o.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
A.ttell, Barnum, Bentty, rpc's, Benton, Blackburn,
Blaine, Blnir, Broinwoll; Brooks, Buekloy, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butter, lieadei \V~. Clfirke. Cliit, Cook,
Cornell, Covode, Dnwes, Dickey, Dixon, Doekeiy,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Fox,
Glossbreiiner, (lolladiiy, Gove. Griswold, Halsey,
Hamilton, Harding, H-tughey, Hill, Hopkins, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. iltibb:u-d, flnlburd, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Julian. Kellogg.Kerr. Knott,George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, McCullough. Moorbead,
Morrissey, Munsrcn. Myers. Nicholson. Nunn, Orth,
Peters,Phelys. Pike, Pile,Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Rauin, Itoss, Sawyer. Scofleld,Selye.ShclIa- |
bfirger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Tati'o, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge. Twichell, Van Aernnin, Vim Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Ward. C.idwJilader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn. WilliamB. Washburn. Thomas Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Young—101.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post ofhcli department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, in answer to House
resolution of the lCth ultimo, stating that no
reduction can be made in the force of em-
ployes in that Department, &c., and that the
continual increase of business will soon re-
quire the employment of additional force;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
national banks.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Comptroller of the
Currency, transmitting, in compliance with
House resolution of May 25, 18(i8, a state-
ment of the amount of dividends declared by
the national banking associations since their
organization, &e.; which was referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and or-
dered to be printed.
message from ti1e senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald-, its Chief Clerk, announced that that body
had passed an act (S. No. 738) to reiieve from
disabilities John G. Stokes, a citizen of Ala-
bama, in which the coucurreuce of the House
was requested. i
Also, that the Senate had passeu an act (II.
R. No. 1429) authorizing the admission in evi-
j dence of copies of certain papers, documents,
and entries, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
president's message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the sta.te of the Union on
the President's message of the last session.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cullou hi the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the President s
annual message of 1867.
north win pacific railroad.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
advocate the claims of a great national eT^er~
psase in which the people of my State and ot
the wholewmtitry have a profound interest 5
an enterprisVwhicK T will endeavor to show is
in all respectspracticable and meritorious; one
that will cost Are Government no money, but
will save vast sums to the Treasury, and which
will strengthen the public credit, largely aug-
ment the public revenues, and reduce the public
burdens. My time is limited and my facts are
numerous; I will, therefore, proceed at once
to its discussion. When Mr. Edwin John-
son, Governor Stevens, and others, first pre-
sented the claims of the Northern Pacific rail-
road they encountered many objections and
obstacles interposed by those who were not
well informed in regard to it. Since then, how*--
ever, the discussions here and the surveys and
explorations of the conntry through which the
road is to pass have thrown a flood of light
upon the proposition, and to-day there is no
great enterprise which lies nearer, to the hearts
of the people than this.
In attempting to point out some of the pe-
culiar advantages of this route I would not be
understood as depreciating the meritsof others,
for I fully admit their inestimable value to the
country, and will go with him who goes fur-
thest in conceding to them every necessary
and proper encouragement.
The Central line, born in the darkness and
agony of the nation's struggle, and matured
with au energy unprecedented, will ever stand
one of the proudest monuments of American
courage, enterprise, and statesmanship.
The Kansas Pacific road, yet. in its infancy,
with only some four hundred miles completed,
has, in its beneficial results to the Govern-
ment, far surpassed the hopes of its most san-
guine friends, and fully demonstrated the wis-
dom of 1 hat. policy by which it has been thus
far aided, as well as the propriety, safety, and
necessity of granting to it such additional assist-
ance as may be required to insure its comple-
tion to the Pacific.
But while thus conceding the merits of other
roads I insist that, in regard to its length, its
gradients, climate, its water communications
and facilities for construction and operation,
its agricultural and mineral resources, its re-
lation to foreign and domestic commerce, its
probable influence in promoting immigration,
its effect upon the "Indian question," and
upon the general development and prosperity
of the country, the Northern road has merits
and advantages which demand the prompt and
efficient recognition of the Government.
its length.
This route seems to have been pointed out
by nature as the line of communication between
the waters of the two oceans. Toward the
west the St. Lawrence and the great lakes
reach half way across the continent, while on
the same parallel of latitude the Pacific, trend-
ing eastward, extends au arm to the great
1 inland sea of Paget sound, leaving a distance
S of only 1,775 miles between the waters of the
! two oceans. By the Central route, from San
| Francisco to Chicago, the distance from ocean
! to lake is not less than 2,400 miles, making a
! difference in favor of the Northern route ol 650
i miles. Governor Stevens has shown by care-
fully prepared tables that from New York city
to the Pacific ocean the difference in distance
as between the Northern and Central routes is
420 miles in favor of the former, and that the
average distance by this route from Puget
sound to the principal ports of the Atlantic
and the Gulf is 316 miles less than the average
distance from San Francisco to the same
points ; and that if equated distances are com-
pared, the difference in favor of the Northern
route will be increased 137 miles, making a
total of 483 miles.
ITS GRADIENTS.
In its gradients, also, the Northern route has
superior advantages. On this point I beg leave
to read from the report of a select committee
of this House made in 1864:
"The suta of ascents and descents from St. Paul
to Seattle (on Puget sound) U 21,78/
29.387 on the Central. These figures give the  es 
practical index of the- e£feet of the gradien
