THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
increase the cost oftransportation. .Engineers allow
one mile for every 52.08 feet of rise or JstU. as denot-
ing the additional working expense? over a level
route, which would add to the Ifojfithern route 412
miles, and to the Central route 556T5iles."
The highest elevations on the Northern route
are 5,380 feet, (Cadot's pass,) and 3,000 feet
at-tlie Snoqualmic pass. The greatest eleva-
tions on the Central-route (already overcome by
the Union and Central Pacificroads)are Evans's
pass, 3,242 feet; Rattlesnake pass, 7,560 feet,
and Bridger's pass, 7,534 feet; malting a dif-
ference between the two greatest elevations on
either road of 3,912 feet in favor of the North-
ern line. I make this comparison with the
Central road because that road having been
constructed demonstrates the'practicability of
building the Northern, where the gradients
are far lighter.
And in order that my motives may not be
misunderstood, I wish to state explicitly that
in the foregoing comparisons, and in all others
that may be made of this with the Central
rente, I have selected the latter solely because
of my desire to compare the Northern with
one' the practicability and entire success of
which is no longer doubtful.
CLIMATE.
The greatest obstacles which it was once
imagined the Northern route would encounter
were the extreme cold and deep snows. That
we have nothing to fear from these causes is
now so well settled that discussion is unneces-
sary, and I.will'content myself with quoting a
few items from the volume of testimony on the
subject.
Lieutenant Mullen, who spent four winters
surveying and constructing a wagon-road ex-
tending over a considerable portion of the
Northern route, says:
"The temperature of Walla Walla in 46° is similar
to that of Washington city in 38° latitude: that of
Clark's Fork in 48° to that of St. Joseph's, Missouri,
in latitude 41°; that, of the Bitter Boot Valley in 46°
is similar to that of Philadelphia in latitude 40°,with
about the same amount of snow, and, with the ex-
ception of a fow days of intense cold, about the same
average temperature." * * * * "From
FortLaramie to Clark's Fork I call this an atmos-
pheric river of heat, varying in width from one to
one hundred miles. On its either side, north and
south, are walls of cold air, and which are so clearly
perceptible that you always detect them when you
afe upon Its shores,
"Tins affects the kingdoms of natural history,
botany, and climatology to such an extent that heicin
we find mild winters, vigorous grasses, even in mid-
Winter, that enable stock to be grazed upon tho hills,
and gives a facility for travol during tho severest
seasons of the year,"
This remarkable meteorological condition is
accounted for by tho fact of the existence of
an "infinite number of hot springs at the
headwaters of the Missouri, Columbia, and
Yellow Stone rivers," and hot geysers similar
to those in California at the head of the Yel-
low Stone, together with the peculiar con-
formation of the Wind River mountains, and
other mountain chains in that region, which
"stand as a curvilinear wall to deflect and
direct the currents of atmosphere which sweep
across the' continent. (B.y the bye, whence
arises the name of the Wind River chain?)
All their slopes are well located to reflect back
the direct rays of the heat of the sun to the
valleys that lie at their base. These valleys,
already warm by virtue of the hot springs ex-
isting among thera, receive this accumulative
heat, which, driven by the new currents of
cold air from the Plains, rises and moves on-
ward, in the form of a river, toward the val-
leys of the Rocky mountains, where it joins
the milder currents from the Pacific, and dif-
fuses over the whole country a mild, healthy,
invigorating, and useful climate."
Mr. Philip Ritz, a gentleman who resides
in Washington Territory, and who is repre-
sented to be entirely reliable, informs us that
he has passed over this part of the mountains
at various times in midwinter, and "so free
from snow are these passes, froi the effects
of the wind currents coming from the' great
plains of the Columbia and the Pacific ocean,
that, T (he) found no1 difficulty in crossing at
any time." He adds :
" Tito most surprising feature of the country is the
small amount of snow that falls, and the fact that
cattle winter here and keep fat on the natural pas-
tures. Mr. T. M. McCoy wintered two hundred head
within a few miles of the summit without any food
whatever exeept what they had by grazing on thff
dry grass."
Hei,states further:
"That there never has been a winter, with all
their horses and men, and stations ten and twelve
miles apart, on .the Central route, thftt the Overland
Company have carried the mail through on time;
while on this route, from Hell Gate to Walla Walla,
a distance of four hundred miles, and that a new
route, with stations in places fifty miles apart, Messrs.
Clark and Witcher carried the mail on horseback ;
and not only carried it through every trip, serai-
weekly, during last winter, but were never once be-
hind schedule time."
Governor Stevetis says:
"In the winter of 1854-55 the Flathead Indians
passed through these passes in January, February,
and March; whole tribes, with their women and
children, and their pack anim'als laden down with
moat and furs."
Victor, head chief of the Flathead nation,
states that—
" Since the memory of the Indian they had passed
these mountains year after year through the winter
months, the sole trouble being that there were some
places where the snow was deep enough to cover up
the grass; but in those places it was m the wooded
portions, and two and a half feet was the greatest
depth."
From Fort Benton eastward the climate is
somewhat more severe than on the western
portions of the route. The coldest weather,
however, and the deepest snows to be found
on any part of the route are in my own State,
where it is well known they do not interpose
any serious obstacles to the working of rail-
roads.
" The mean winter temperature of Fort Benton in
1853-54 was 25° 33' above zero. At Montreal, on the
Grand Trunk railroad, for the same year, it was 13°
22', nnd for a mean of ten years 17°80' above zero.
On the great Iiussian railroad from St. Petersburg to
Moscow tho compaiison is similar. For a series of
twenty-one years at Moscow the mean winter tem-
perature was 15°20', and at St.. Petersburg, tor the
samo time, the mean was 18° 10' above zero. At Fort
Snelling, in Minnesota, the mean wmtcr tempera-
ture of 1853-51 wasll° 46', and tho mean of thirty-five
winters was 16° 10' above zero. Thus in tho remark-
ably oold win torofl&>3-54I'ort Benton was 15° warmer
than Montreal. ll°waniier than Fu: t. Snellinff, 10°
warmer than Moscow, and 7° warmer than St. Peters-
burg."
The fact that railroads are operated without
serious obstruction from cold and snow at Mon-
treal, Moscow, and Fort Snelling is sufficient
evidence that no difficulty will be encountered
in the much wanner climate of Fort Benton.
"At Fort Benton and Fort Campbell, on the Upper
Missouri, ever sinco they were established, some
twenty-five yeais ago, tho fur companies have taken
their poods to their winter trading posts on the Milk
and Marias rivers in wagons, there not being snow
enough lor sleds."—LeJ.Utr of Governor Stevens, April
SO, 1860.
Professor Hind, in an official report to the
Canadian Legislature, says:
"That at the Red River settlement the mean win-
ter temperature in 1856-57 was 6° 85' above zero, and
the total fall of snow for that year was S9.5 inches,
when for the same year the fall of snow in Toronto,
Canada, was 72.9 inches.
"The provailing character of the winter months at
this point arc long continued intense cold, with a
clear, dry atmosphere." * * * * "The
half-breeds, and of course tho Indians, camp out in
the open plain during thewhole winter, and the only
protection they enjoy consists of a buffalo-skin tent
and an abundance of buffalo robes."
Rev. John West, late chaplain to the Hud-
son Bay Company, remarks of the winter at
the Red River settlement:
"The winter is nearly the same, as to the time it
sets in and breaks up, as that of Montreal, but the
frost is rather more intense, with less snow and a
clearer air."—West's Journal, p. 114.
The Red River settlement thus described lies
more than two Kundred miles north of the line
of this road and a thousand miles east of the
mountain passes just mentioned, andis entirely
beyond the reach of the peculiar meteorolo-
gical influences which produce such remark-
able effects there.
By Blodgett's rain maps it is shown that from
St. Paul,Minnesota, to the Rocky mountains the
total annual fall of snow averages only about
twenty inches. In Canada the average is fifty
inches. In NewEnglaud, from seventy inches
in the interior to one hundred inches on the
sea-board. (
It is therefore obvious that neither the cold
nor snows of the Northern route-interpose any
obstacles to the construction or successful oper-
ation of the road. Indeed, the snows are much
deeper and the cold more intense on the ele-
vated portions of the Central route than on the
Northern, owing to the fact that the country
about the. headwaters of the Missouri and the
Clark's branch of the Columbia is so much
lower and the air so much dryer than in the
passes of the Sierra Nevada and Rocky mount-
ains selected Jor the Central route, and to the
additional facts that the mountain portions of
the Northern route lie so near the Pacific as to
be affected by the warm "winds from that ocean
and by the "river of heat" described byLieu-
tenantMullen. Thechief engineer of the Union
Pacific road confirms this statement of the com-
parative mildness of the climate on the North-
ern route, by the declaration, on page 10, of a
report made in December, 1867, that the Ore-
gon branch, which he advises his convpany to
construct, "avoids the Wasatch and Sierra
Nevada ranges, with their troublesome snows
and inhospitable winters."
On Fremont's Peak, in latitude 43j°, the
limit of perpetual congelation was reached at an
elevation of ten thousand feet. A large part of
the elevated portions of the Central route is so
near this limit as to account for the " trouble-
some snows" and "inhospitable winters,"
which it is sought to avoid by a line running
further north, but through the warmer depres-
sion in the mountains. In fact, the altitude of
the Central far more than counterbalances the
latitude of the Northern line.
ITS WATER COMMUNICATIONS AND FACILITIES FOB
CONSTKUCTION.  
Considered with reference to its intermediate
water communications, as well as to those at
its termini, the Northern route commends itself
most forcibly to public favor. Passing west-
ward from the head of Lake Superior it crosses
the Mississiopi river at or near St. Cloud, Min-
nesota. Next it strikes the Red river of the
North, connecting with the navigation upon
it, and thereby with Lake Winnipeg and the
Saskatchawan and Assinaboine rivers and their
tributaries, making over three thousand miles
of navigable waters, and opening to settlement
and to our commerce the great northern basin
containing over four hundred thousand miles of
valuable territory. Thence it continues to the
Missouri river, which it reaches at a point four
hundred and eighty-five miles distant from the
head of Lake Superior. Thence it follows the
general direction of the Missouri for a distance
of five hundred miles to the Great Falls near
Fort Benton, to which point the Missouri is
navigable. Thence to the navigable waters on
Flathead and Clark's, rivers, a distance of two
hundred miles. Thence along the navigable
waters of the latter river one hundred and
seventy-five miles. Thence to Lewis river, at
the mouth of the Paluae, one hundred and forty
miles, and thence down the valleys of the Lewis
and Columbia to Portland.
From this it will be observed that only eight
hundred and twenty-five miles of road are ne-
cessary to be built at different points in order
to make a complete steam route from ocean
to ocean. The advantages for construction
afforded by these navigable streams -sannot be
overestimated. No other route presents such
engineering facilities, for it can be worked
simultaneously from four different divisions,
the extremity of each division resting on water
lines, and thus the road can move on simul-
taneously on eight different sections—the long-
est division being the one from Fort Benton to
the Columbia, and the longest distance of road
from a single point accessible by water beiutf
three hundred miles. On every other route
the distance between water lines will be fifteen
hundred to two thousand miles. This route
follows the timbered valley of the streams
nearly the whole distance, thus affording an
ample supply of pure water, timber, and fuel.
Starting, as it does, from the head of Lake
Superior, the iron and other heavy materials
for its construction can be brought to its own
