Hi
THE CONGRESSIONAL CfLOBI.
February 12|
ical propriety upon this measure. It is a sim-
ple question whether the sparse population of
Nevada and New Jersey shall help to remove
an obstruction to our commerce and take an
unreasonable and unjust burden from the peo-
ple who trade upon that river, or whether we
shall do it altogether ourselves. Sir, upon
what principle is it that the farmer who loads
his boat with hay or with corn, or with wheat
and flour, or the stock that is grown upon the
banks of this river, shall be taxed on his way
to the market and that you shall find your way
out to a foreign market without tax, because
your harbor is at New York? You may do
more business at New York ; there may be
more commerce floated in and floated out than
is carried upon the bosom of the Ohio river;
but the principle is the same.
You provide in this bill for the harbors upon
the lakes. I make no criticism about that.
The committee thought those harbors of na-
tional importance; but in comparison with the
commerce of the Ohio river they are as nothing
at all.
Now, I do not want to do anything wrong to
the population of Nevada. I would not ask
that. The Senator's eloquent colleague [Mr.
Nte] has said that the Goddess of Liberty has
her home upon the mountains of Nevada. She
has rather a solitary residence, as I understand.
[Laughter.] We ask that few as they are they
shall give their helping hand to this work of
national importance, aiding the commerce of
the interior of the country.
Mr. President, I have made these remarks
because of the eloquence of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] of which I was afraid
upon the sensibilities of the Senate, and the
earnestness of the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Frelinghtjtsen.]
Mr. STEWART. I am glad, Mr. President,
that the Senator from Indiana lias not made np
his mind to annihilate the people of Nevada.
He.says he does not propose to do them wrong.
I am glad he has informed us that he does not
intend to destroy that weak and small popula-
tion. I am glad he has not made up his mind
to annihilate the State of Nevada. The peo-
ple out there will be exceedingly gratified when
they learn the fact that the great Senator from
Indiana does not intend to do that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, do not crush me
with your wit.
Mr. STEW ART. lie has undertaken to give
us a census of that country in every speech he
has made. I have regarded it as compliment-
ary to me. The only way in which he can
answer my arguments is to attack my constit-
uents. It seems to me that is a concession to
me and to them. If he did not know that what
I said was true, and that what he said had no
foundation, he would not feel called upon to
attack those miners, who never injured him,
and who are as bold, as brave, and as honest
as any people that live.
The people of Nevada are not as numerous
as the people of the State of Indiana, because
the State is not as old. It is not true that the
population is but twenty-five thousand. There
areseventy-five or one hundred thousand there,
and I can assure the Senator from Indiana and
the Senate that they are increasing rapidly.
Nevada is producing from twenty to thirty mil-
lion dollars in bullion, by the reports from the
express offices, and that is more than any one
State in the Union is producing. Her resources
are immense.
The Senator alludes to the fact that I had the
temerity to ask for agrant of land for a railroad.
I aid not get it because the Senator from Indi-
a?a Y?s,very opposed to it, and I saw I
should have a difficulty in getting it. He did
finally consent that I might report it; but from
the way he looked at the enormous benefit it
might be to the people of Nevada, I did not
press it. He says that it was to be where there
are no people. There are more mines on the
line of that railroad that I proposed than in any
other country besides the United Statesto-day.
it is the richest part of this world. People are
rushing there now by thousands. The .cel-
ebrated White Pine mines are on the exact
line, and it would have been a great thing if
that road could have been built. The land
grant would have helped us but little, because
the road runs through a mineral country, and
those grants do not include mineral land. If
built, it probably would have helped the people
of Indiana more than it would the people of
Nevada.
The Senator from Indiana undertakes to say
that this ia like a land-grant railroad. Why,
sir, a land-grant railroad is no tax upon the
nation. You give the alternate sections for a
railroad, as I have often heard the Senator from
Indiana explain in the Senate, and you charge
the people double price for the remaining sec-
tions ; consequently, it is a tax upon the people.
You talk about the land Illinois has got and
the land Wisconsin has got for railroads. They
have got not one dollar from the Government
for their land-grant railroads. You simply
authorized them to tax themselves by paying
double the price for the land that they would
otherwise have to pay in order to develop the
country. You made no appropriation out of
the Treasury, but you taxed the people along
the line of the road by raising the value of the
land to double the ordinary minimum.
Mr. CHANDLERandothers. ''Question!"
" Question!"
Mr. STEWART. There is no hurry about
voting for an hour or two yet.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a great deal of
other business to be done.
Mr. STEWART. But it is very important
now, since N evada is to be discussed, to discuss
Nevada. Let us talk something about that.
It seems to be necessary, in order to justify this
measure, to annihilate Nevada. There is no
other argument except an assault upon Ne-
vada. The Senator from Indiana justilies all
sorts of political heresy; he justifies every
abomination that was ever advocated in this
body, by speaking of the number of people
in Nevada, as if that had some relation to the
subject.
Mr. NYE. I hope my colleague will leave
a little for me to do, for I want to take a dig
at that. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. You shall have a chance ;
because if Nevada is a reason why the Union
should not be restored, if the population of
Nevada is a reason why a bill should pass or
not pass, if it is a reason why this appropria-
tion should bo made, it is best to have Nevada
discussed here. I have heard this frequently
from a gentleman who knows nothing about
Nevada, a gentleman who has never been in-
jured by Nevada, and all I am afraid of is that
my constituents will hear of some of his fierce
remarks and become alarmed for the safety of
Nevada.
Let me say here that there has been not one
foot of land granted to Nevada for a railroad.
I do not think Nevada has made any very heavy
drafts upon the Treasury. On the contrary, in
proportion to her population, she has paid
more money to the Treasury of the nation than
any other State of the Union. She is a con-
suming State. She produces gold and silver,
which the Government needs, and your tariff's
arc a tax upon her. I have voted for tariffs
for the benefit of Pennsylvania, but they are a
tax 011 Nevada, because the tariffs do not pro-
tect any product she has, for she produces gold
and silver.
We are asked why should the people of the
Mississippi valley pay half a dollar a ton freight
at the Ohio river falls. Well, sir, why should
the people of Nevada pay two or three hun-
dred dollars a ton freight? Her people have
to pay forty cents a pound. Why? Because
the people of Nevada have to haul their freight
over the mountains. Why should the people
of the Mississippi valley pay half a dollar a ton ?
Because they have some rapids and get around
them by a canal, shall we make freights equal
all over the United States in price? Why, if
that is the game, I am for it. Nevada can
stand that. Let us have as cheap freights as
any other State in the Union. Why should a
farmer, pay a certain amount of freight for get-
ting goods to his form ? Simply because he is
located in a particular place, and it costs more
to get to his farm than to another. That is 
the reason why one miner has to pay more
freight-than another. If the argument pre-
sented here is a good one, why should not Con-
gress interfere when the people of one section
have to pay more freight than those of another ?
Why should the farmer of the Mississippi val-
ley not be compelled to pay this freight because
his farm is located in the rich Mississippi val-
ley just as much as the miner should be com-
pelled to pay forty or fifty cents a pound
because he happens to be located in a deso-
late region ?
But the Senator from Indiana says that I am
making an attack upon the customary policy
of the Government. I deny it.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Do not interrupt me now,
because I am getting along very well. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. CAMERON. I was going to rise to a
point of order myself.
Mr. STEWART. Let me go on. The
Senator from Indiana says that I am opposing
a regular policy of the Government. * Sir, if
the Government has established the policy ot
buying canals; if that is the regular policy
of the Government, I am very much mistaken.
It seems that everything the Senator from
Indiana wants to do is regular. Everything is
regular with him but the number of people in
the State of Nevada. The Senator had better go
out there. The people are not so bad as he
thinks they are. They will not hurt him, and
I do not believe he can hurt them. There
will be a good many more there in a short
time. But the people there are not just the
right kind for him. I do not blame him for
not liking them ; a majority of them are not
of liis kind.
Mr. NYE. There are a great many Indi-
anians there, though.
Mr. STEWART. A great many.
Mr. NYE. Good fellows, too.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir; our Governor is
from Indiana, and many of our officers are
Indianians, and pretty good fellows. They
will be flattered when they ascertain the fact
that the Senator from Indiana has discovered
that_ wo have only twenty-five thousand peo-
ple in Nevada and have only a car-load of
produce.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I said that on a Sat-
urday they might have a car load—once a
week.
Mr. STEWART. You think they will have
it as often as once a week! You admit they
will have it that often.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think they might have
enough to load a car once a week.
Mr. STEWART. Do you not think that is
a logical argument? Because there are few
people in Nevada the United States should
buy a canal! Does not that follow logically?
Does it not show a lofty range of logic when
the Senator can address an argument of that
kind to the Senate?
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. STEWART. I want to talk a little
longer. The friends of this appropriation have
talked longer than its opponents have. They
have occupied very much more time than those
who have opposed it. I am opposed to it,
as may be inferred from what I have said.
[Laughter.]
The Senator from Indiana goes further, a d
says that 1 am in favor of granting money to
build railroads, in favor of subsidies for rail-
roads. I do not know but that that opens
rather a wide range. Perhaps that is a good
reason why the Government should build a
canal; but it does not strike me in that light.
I undertook, when I was up before, to draw
the distinction, and to lay down the rule that
the Government should aid internal improve-
