1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Under the rules of the House
gentlemen who are in their seats are required to
vote either in the affirmative or in the negative.
Gentlemen remain in their seats and refuse to
vote.
Mr. COBB. I make the point of order that
it does not require a quorum to sustain the
decision of the Chair. A majority of those
voting is sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order; and the decision of the Chair
is sustained. The resolution of the gentleman
from Michigan will be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
That the rules bo suspended so that the
House shall'proceed to a direct vote, without dila-
tory motions, upon the report of the committee of
conference upon House bill No. 1808, being the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay that resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] is a
motion to suspend the rules, and it is not in
order to move to lay it on the table.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is' in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Ia that motion in order
pending the motion to suspend the rules? I
submit that pending the action of the House
on a motion to suspend the rules no other
motion can be entertained. The motion of the
gentleman from Michigan is simply a motion
to suspend the rules reduced to writing.
The SPEAKER. ■ The Chair overrules the
point of order. Pending the motion to sus-
pend the rules a motion to adjourn is in order,
and the gentleman from New York has made
that motion.
The question was on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. PILE. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 16. nays 120,
not voting 86; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Fox, Getz, Golladay, Gro-
ver, Haight, Hotchkiss, Humphrey. Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Robinson. Ross, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken, and Van Trump—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey. Baker, Barnes, Barnum,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,Benton, Bingham,
Boyden, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall. Buckland,
Buckley, Burr, Roderick ft. Butlor, Cake, Callis,
Cary, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cor-
ley, Cornell, Dawes, Deweese, Dixon. Dockery.
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, E)a, Thomas D.
Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
French, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey,
Harding, Hawkins, Heaton, Higby, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kel-
sey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott, Laflin, Lash, George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, MalJory,
Marvin, Maynard, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
MoorheaH, Morrcll, Mullins, Newsham, Norris,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland,
Price, Raum, Robertson,Roots. Sawyer,Selye, Smith,
iSpaldiwg, Starkweather, Stewart, Stover, Sypher,
Taylor. Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn. Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Whittemore, and Stephen F. Wil-
son—120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Areher, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Blackburn, Blaine,
Blair, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyer, Benjamin F.
Butler, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Col-
fax, Covode, Cullom, Delano, Dickey, Edwards, Eg-
gleston, Eldridge, Fields, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Hamilton, Haughey, Hill, Holman, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Koontz, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan,
Marshall, McCormick, McCarthy, McCullough.Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Myers, Newcomb. Niblack, Nichol-
son, Nunn, Perham, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pile,
Polsley, Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stokes,
Stone, Taffe, Thomas. Tift, John Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B, Washburne,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F.Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodbridge,
Woodward, and Young—86.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
message from the sex a ie.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate still further insisted upon its amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House, to House
bill No. 1746, for the removal of certain dis-
abilities from the persons therein named, had
agreed to the further conference asked by the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill, and had appointed Messrs.
Williams, Edmunds, and Robertson as the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
post office appropriation bill.
The question recurred upon the following
resolution, offered by Mr. Beaman :
Resolved, That the rules be suspended so that the
House shall proceed to a direct vote, w; thout dilatory
motions, upon the report of the committee of con-
ference upon House bill No. 1808, it being the Post
Office appropriation bill.
The question was taken upon the resolution ;
and upon a division there were—ayes 95,
noes 27.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended and the resolution was
adopted.
The question was upon agreeingto the report
of the committee of conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. ROSS. Upon this question I call for
tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were nineteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were on a division—
ayes 21, noes 96.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report was then agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and I
also move that the motion to reconsider belaid
on the table.
Mr. BROOKS. On that motion I call for a
division.
Mr. BEAMAN. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. I renew the motion to recon-
sider the vote agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. PILE. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. ROSS. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were nineteen in the
affirmative, not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ROSS called for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were twenty-one in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on
the table.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. ELA. I now offer the following reso-
lution :
Mesolved, That the rules be suspended so that the
House will proceed to a direct vote, without dilatory
motions, upon the motion to lay upon the table
and upon the passage of the concurrent resolution
provid:ngfor reporung and printing the debates and
proceedings of Congress by the Congressional Printer.
Mr. KNOTT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ROSS. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 14. nays 112, not voting
96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Callis, Getz. Golladay, Humphrey,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mungen,
Niblack, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Trump, and Whittemore—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Banks, Barnes,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boyden, Biomwell, Brooks, Brooinall,Buckley, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Clift,
Cobb, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, De-
wcese, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donnelly," Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Bla, Thomas D. Eliot. James T.
Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fields. French, Garfield,
Goss, Gove, Gravely, Grover, Halsey, Hawkins,
Higby, Holman, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, In-
gcrsoll, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin, La3b,
Lincoln, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,Maivin, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCullough, McKee, Mereur, Mil-
ler, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell. Mullins, Newsham,
Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pierce, Pile,
Poland, Price, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Roots,
Ross, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, Stover, Sy-
pher, Taber, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
and William B. Washburn—112.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barnum,Beaman, Black-
burn, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyer, Buck-
land, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Chanler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Colfax, Covode, Delano,
Dodge, Edwards. Eldridge, Ferry, Fox, Glossbrenner,
Griswold, Haight, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey,
Heaton, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard. Hunter, Kelley,
Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan. Logan, Marshall, McCormick, Morrissey, My-
ers, Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn, Perham, Pettis,
Pbelps, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Prince, Pruyn, Raum,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stevens, Stokes, Stone,
Taffe, Thomas, Tift, John Trimble, Van Wyck, Vidal,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams. William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson Windom, Wood,
Woodbridge, Woodward, and Young—96,
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution of Mr. Ela, to suspend the rules,
there were—ayes 72, noes 10 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerr and
Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 93, noes 19.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
resolution of Mr. Ei,a to suspend the rules was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Brooks, to lay on the table the concurrent
resolution reported by Mr. Ela from the Com-
mittee on Printing, on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Under the resolution just
adopted that motion is not in order.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order.
I submit, that the motion to lay on the table is
a dilatory motion, and under the resolution
just adopted cannot be entertained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the motion to lay on the table was pending
before the adoption of the resolution to sus:
pend the rules. The question is now upon the
motion to lay on the table.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in thenegative—yeas 35, nays92, notvoting95 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Bingham, Boyer, Brooks, Burr. Cary,
Deweese, Driggs, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Holman,
Inge*soll, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones. Knott, Mc-
Cullough, Miller, Mungen, Niblack, Phelps, Poland,
Randall, Sawyer, Smith, Spalding, Taber, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Van Auken, and Van Trump-—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Axtell, B-tiley, Baker. Beat-
ty, Benton, Blair.Boyden.Bro inwel I.Broom<i 11. Buck-
land.Buckley,Benjamin F.Butler,Roderick R.Butler,
Cake,Callis, Sidney Clarke,Clift, Cobb, Coburu. Cook,
Corley, Cornell, Cullom, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, French, Garfield, Getz, Gops, Gove, Gravely,
Halsey, Higby, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Lash, Lincoln, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy. McKee, Mercur,
Moore,Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Newshain, Norris,
O'Neill, Orth, Perham. Peters, Pierce. Price, Robin-
son, Roots, Starkweather, Stewart, Stover, Sypher,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn. Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Henry
D.Washburn, Welker, Whittemore,StephenF. Wil-
son, and Windom—92.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ame3, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley. James M. Ashley Baldwin, Banks, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell,
Bowen, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Col-
fax, Covode, Dawes,Delano, Edwards, Ela, Eldridge,
James T. Elliott, Thomas D. Eliot, Farnsworth, Fox,
Glossbrenner,Griswold, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey.
Hawkins, Heaton, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard. Hunter, Kelley,
Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McCormick, Morrissey, Myers, New-
comb, Nicholson. Nunn, Paine, Pettis, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Prince, Pruyn, Raum, Robertson,
Ross, Schenck, Scofield,Sefye,Shanks,Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Taffe, Thomas,
