1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
Tift, John Trimble. Van Wyck, Vidal, Cadwalader
C.Washburn, ElihuB.Washburne, "William B."Wash-
burn. Thomas Williams? William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson. Wood, Woodbridge,
Woodward, and Young—95.
So the concurrent resolution was not laid on
the table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
concurrent resolution, on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 48, not voting
84 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, B*i ker, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton,Blair,
Boyden. Bromwell. Brooks, Broomall, Buckley, Ben-
jamin F. Butler. Roderick. R. Butler, Cake, Callis,
Sidney Clarke, Clitt, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Coriey,
Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Fields, Gove, Gravely, Hawkins, Hill,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Keteham, Kitchen, Laflin, Lash, Lincoln. Maynard,
McCarthy, McKee, Mereur, Moore, Moorhead,Mor-
rell, Mullins, Newshain, Norris, Paine, Perham,
Pierce, Pile, Price, Raum, Scofield, Selye, Stark-
weather, Stevens. Stewart, Stover, Sypher, Taylor,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert
T.Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, William B.Washburn, Welker, and
Whittemore—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Bingham, Boyer, Burr, Cary,Driggs,
Ferry, Getz, Golladay, Grover, Haighfc, Higby, Hol-
man. Johnson,Thomas L.Jones, Kerr, Knott, Koontz,
Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, MeCorinick, McCul-
lough, Mungen, Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth, Peters,
Phelps, Pike. Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson,
Robinson. Rosn Sawyer, Smith, Taber, Lawrence S,
Trimble. Van Auken, Windom, and Young—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adam?, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Benjamin, Blackburn, Blaine,
Boles, Boutw ell, Bo wen, Buckland, Chan ler,Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Colfax, Dawes, Delano, De-
weese, Dickey. Eekley, Edwards, Eidridge, James T.
Elliott, Fox, French. Garfield, Glossbrenner, Goss,
Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Hardiner, Haughey,
Ileaton, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Jenckes,
Judd, Kelley, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Miller, Mor-
rissey, Myers, Neweomb, Nicholson, Nunn, Pettis,
PUnts.Polj.iey, Prince. Roots, Schenck,Shanks,Shel-
labarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stokes, Stone, Taffe,
Thomas, Tiit, John Tumble, Burt Van Horn, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Vidal. Elihu B. Washburne,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
ton , John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—81.
So the concurrent resolution was adopted.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Goliham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that, body had adopted reports of commit-
tees of conference on the Army appropriation
bill and the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
publication ok debates—again.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to reconsider ;
and that motion is, 1 believe, debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before submitting any
remarks on this proposition I desire the prop-
osition to be reported.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. COBCJRM". I desire to inquire whether
or not this resolution is open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not while the motion to
reconsider is pending.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This is a proposition
to take the punting of the debates from the
Co ngressiooal Globe.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged report.
Mr. INGERSOLL. When the privileged
report has been disposed of I of course resume
the floor.
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I have only to report to the House
from the committee of conference on the In-
dian appropriation bill that that committee, in
view of the very grave questions to be decided
and the great lack of time in which to decide
them, have agreed to examine the bill no fur-
ther, but to report their disagreement to the
House with this information, that they will
recommend, as soon as the reorganization of
the two Houses shall take place, a joint special
committee of the two Houses may be raised to
take into consideration the whole subject of
Indian affairs and the necessary appropriations
to take care of the Indians and to carry on the
Indian Bureau, and to report at any time, so
that no detriment shall result from the failure
to pass at this session the Indian appropriation
bill.
The SPEAKER. No motion can be enter-
tained or action had on any bill not in the
possession of the House.
report on national banks.
Mr. RANDALL. I submit the following
privileged report.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 1881)
regulating the reports of the national banking asso-
ciations having met, after fall and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate to the bill, and agree
to the same with the following amendments, namely :
in line fourteen, page 1, after the word "associa-
tion " insert the words 44 above required."
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in addition
to said reports each national banking association
shall report to the Comptroller of the Currency the
amount of each dividend declared by said associa-
tion and the amount of net earnings in excess of said
dividends, which report shall be made within ten
days after the declaration of each dividend and at-
tested by tho oath of the president or cashier of said
association; and a failure to comply with the pro-
visions of this section shall subject such association
to the penalties provided in the foregoing section;
and the Senate agree to the same.
A. G. CATTELL,
G. H. WILLIAMS,
JOHN CONNESS,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
S. J. RANDALL,
E. C. INGERSOLL,
JOHN LYNCH,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the previous
question on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the question being put on agree-
ing to the report, there were—ayes 55, noes
26; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Randall
and Kerr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 97, noes 17.
So the report was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. KERR. Tellers.
Tellers were refused.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on
the table.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ofthe two Houses on the bill of the House No.
1S03, being an act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,1870,
and fur other purposes, having met, after lull and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as tollows :
That the Senate recede from their sixth, eighth,
and sixteenth amendments.
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
the first, second, third, fourth, filth, seventh, tenth,
eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth amend-
ments of tho Senate and concur m the said amend-
ments. , .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate and concur in
the same with the following amendment: strike out
" eight" and insert "six and one half;" and that the
Senate agree to the same.
That the Houserecede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of tho Senate and agree to
the same with the following two amendments:
1. Strike out the first twelve lines and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there snail
be no new commissions, no promotions, and no en-
listments in any infantry regiment until the total
number of infantry regiments is reduced to twenty-
five; and the Secietary of War ia heieby directed to
consolidate the infantry regiments as rapidly as the
requirements of the public service and the reduction
of the number of officeis will permit.
Sue.—. And be it further enacted, That no appoint-
ments of brigadier generals shall be made until the
number is reduced to less than eight, s nd thereafter
there shall be but eight brigadier generals in the
Army.
2. Strike out all after and including line fifteen
down to and including line twenty-one of the said
fifteenth amendment of the Senate; and that tho
Senate agree to the said amendments.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment of the Senate and con-
cur in the same with the following amendment:
strike out all after the word44 enacted," in line one,
and insert: " brevet rank shall not entitle an officer
to precedence for command except by special assign-
ment of the President, but such assignmentshall not
entitle any officer to additional pay or allowances
and that the Senate agree to the same.
HENRY WILSON,
JOHN CONN ESS,
W. SPRAGUE,
Managers on the part ofthe Senate.
J. A. GARFIELD,
J. G. BLAINE,
G. M. DODGE,
Managers on the part ofthe House.
Mr. GARFIELD. If I can have the atten-
tion of members of the House a moment I will
state briefly the points of difference and settle-
ment of them as agreed upon by the conference
report.
Several Members, "All right!" " Ques-
tion I"
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, if gentlemen wish
to have the vote taken I will call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the question being put on agreeing
to the report, there were—ayes 90, noes 26.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 25, not voting
75 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey. Baker, Barnes, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,
Blair, Boyden, Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Buckley, Cake. Callis,Cary, Churchill,Sidney Clarke,
ChFt, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Coriey, Cornell. Covode,
Cullom, Deweese. Dixon, Doekery, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, ThomasD. Eliot, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield, Getz, Goss, Gove,
Gravely, Halsey, Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, IngersoJl, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg. Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lincoln, Logan,
Loughridge. Lynch, Mallory, Marshall. Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins. Newsham, Norris,
O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pierce, Pile,
Poland. Price, Raum, Robertson, Roots, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stewart, Stover, Sypher, Trowbridge, Twichell, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—122.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Beck,
Brooks, Burr, Eidridge, Golladay, Ilaight, Holman,
Hopkins, Johnson. Thomas L. Jones, Knott, William
L-uvrcnce, McCullough, Mungen, Niblaek, Pruyn,
Robinson, Ross, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, A an
1 Trump, and Young—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty,Bingham,
; Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Benja-
! min F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Chanler, Reader
' W. Clarke, Colfax, Dawes, Delano, Dickey, Edwards.
Ela, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Fox, Glossbren-
ner, Griswold,Grover, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey,
Heaton. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Kelley,
Lash, George V. Lawrence, Loan, McCormiek, Mor-
rissey, Mvers, Neweomb. Nicholson, Nunn, Pettis,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Prince, Randall. Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves. Spalding, Stokes,
Scone, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas Tift, John Trimble,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B.
Washburne. William Williams, John T. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodward—75.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The hour of twelve o'clock has ar-
rived, and I believe that this Congress is played
out. The memberi ofthe Forty-First Con-
gress are here ready to be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ixgersoix] is entitled to the floor on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which tho
concurrent resolution iu regard to the publica-
tion of the debates was agreed to.
