THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEi
1139
ments only in cases where they were of great
national importance', and where they could not
be accomplished by private enterprise. I think
when that rate is violated we depart from sound
principle. If you-adopt the rule of the Senator
from Illinois, that you musfcmak-e an appropri-
ation because you will thereby-increase com-
merce or benefit cotnmerce, I suppose all our
public improvements would be covered. Every
means of transportation is in aiid-of commerce.
That rule would send the Government into all
sorts of speculations and operations. That rule
is too broad. He said yott must find some rule,
and he laid down that. It strikes me that if
internal improvements are to be encouraged
by the General Government it should be only
in those instances where private enterprise can-
not attain them.
This case bears no analogy to a land grant
for railroads, for land grants for railroads are
a tax upon the settler. The settler volunta-
rily asks Congress to increase the price of the
land so that it may be more valuable to him,
and he consents to pay the increased price to
secure the building of the railroad. The, tax
is upon the locality, bat here the tax is upon
the country at large, upon all the people.
. because the people of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi valley are required to pay fifty cents a
ton to go around these falls they must be re-
lieved from that enormous burden, and the
people of Nevada, who pay forty or fifty cents
a pound in many cases, are to be taxed still fur-
ther for the purpose of relieving them of this
great burden. This legislation is notin harmony
with the policy of the Government. It has
refused, and I say sensibly refused, for fifty
years to buy this canal; and there is not an
example on record where the Government
has gone into a like speculation, and I do
isot believe it will go into this speculation
to-night. I have no idea that it will go into
the speculation of buying this canal to-night.
I believe it is a dangerous experiment. I am
opposed to it, and I shall exercise my consti-
tutional right to speak here against it; and I
think my constituents can stand the anathe-
tnas.of the great Senator from Indiana. I
shall let him and the.m try it, at all events.
They are accustomed to some hard knocks,
but I do not think they would justify me in
sitting quietly by and seeing the public money
squandered because they are few in number.
They are growing. They have an interest in
this country. They are developingits resources.
They are among the most hardy pioneers.
They are entitled to as much voice here as if
they were forty millions of people. I have a
right to speak for them. I believe that this is
-a, scheme which will lead to extravagance and
embarrass this Government, and so believing,
I have a right to speak of it in that way. I be-
lieve that if this Government enters upon a
-system of buying canals the next scheme will
be to build a canal around Niagara Falls and
then buy it, and then buy the Brie canal and all
other canals. You will have plenty of canals
•on your hands. The policy of the Government
hitherto has been to avoid that, and I hope it
will continue it.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, upon this ques-
tion of improving our channels of commerce
I took it for granted that my colleague and
ipyself would disagree in policy. I assure the
Senator from Indiana thatlhavo no jealousies
of his State. It is a part of our common
country in which I feel as deep and abiding
interest as though I resided in its borders,
livery acre that can be brought into requisi-
tion, and every facility offered for transporting
the products of that acre, in my judgment, is
the true way to get out of the financial laby-
rinth in which \ve are placed, and tends to the
best interests of the country. I have traveled
on one or two occasions upon the Ohio river—
-a river snagnificent in its extent, grand in
its proportions, and the country surrounding
which perhaps produces more than any other
portion of the Union for the same extent. It
forms a part of that great basin, larger than
all the valleys of Europe, and more product-
ive. It is indeed, sir, the great granary off
the American continent. -1 propose to. Tie Just
as liberal to thai region as X would with ?.i y
other part of the country. I only rose to say
that I regretted in the heat of my friend's ad-
vocacy of this measure that he should have
seen fit to stigmatize the State in which I have
the honor to reside in terms that I think a
little unbecoming for a Senator of so com-
prehensive views as the Senator from Indiana.
The honorable Senator will remember that
that Territory was born and the State was born
in the midst of a revolution. We came into
the sisterhood of States at the solicitation of
the Government. Our soil is not as product-
ive as the soil of Indiana, but our mountains
are a little more so; and while we have the
garments of youth upon us the mantle that
surrounds us is silvery on the outside and inlaid
with gold; and if the honorable Senator should
see one car-load of our production, as he sug-
gests, go out to market it would buy several
cargoes of the productions of his State as they
go down the river. Therefore, sir, it only dif-
fers in quality, that is all; and I hope iu the
discussion of this question hereafter the size
of the State that takes part in the discussion
will be left out. I know Indiana is broad in
her proportions, and so is Nevada. She is
youthful and yet she hopes to grow; and if the
Senator from Indiana will hereafter neglect to
cast reproach upon the State, perhaps more of
the citizens of his own State would find a home
there. They have always found there a hos-
pitable one and always will; and if the honor-
able Senator should ever chance to visit a
population so small he will find there as warm
hearts and as warm a reception as he could
meet in the richer State of Indiana. I have
nothing to say for my constituents. They
speak for themselves; they are not perhaps
to be judged—and I speak only for myself in
that—as' merchandise is when sold by the
sample article. I ain ready to confess that I
am the poorest of tbe lot. [Laughter.] The
honorable Senator alluded to my having said
that I thought the Goddgss of Liberty presided
there. I do not know that I ever made use of
that expression exactly. I think I remember
that once here in a little flight of fancy I re-
peated a saying of a wiser man than myself,
that liberty was a mountain nymph; and I
did say that I believed—which I hope will be
found true upon trial-—that when the flag of
our country went down everywhere else we
would barricade our mountain fastuesses and
there should be one Switzerland in America.
I said that, sir, from an honest conviction
that it would be true; for it is true that the in-
habitants of that mountain region love liberty
for liberty's sake; they inhale it in the very
air they breathe ; and it is not mingled with
the malaria of States located in that aguey
country along the Ohio. [Laughter.]
I expect to vote for this improvement on the
highest principles of statesmanship, as I under-
stand, for I believe that every channel upon
which our commerce floats, from, its source to
its mouth, should be as free as the air we
breathe; and if there are obstacles in the way
it is for the best interests of the Government
to remove them, for every advantage that the
Government gives the citizen is an advantage
to the Government itself. I hold, therefore,
sir, to no narrow views upon this subject.
Mr. President, I would say more if it was
not for disturbing the harmony of a speech
that I have got prepared upon this subject.
[Laughter.] But I am afraid that I shall say
several things that are in that, and then my
honorable friend from Indiana will accuse me
of repeating what I have said on a former
occasion. [Laughter.] For fear of that, sir,
I will now fulfill a promise I made to the Sen-
ator from PJaode Island £Mr. Anthony] be-
fore he would allow me to rise, and move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; aud tho Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. . .
, Friday, February 12, 1-86$. . :
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev/ C. B. Botnton.
The Journal bf yesterday morning's sessio 
was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, the reading
of the Journal of yesterday evening's session
was dispensed with. ' •' ;
order 01? business.
The SPEAKER. This being private .bill
day, the first business in order is the joint rego*
lutiou in relation to the pay of the clerk of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, which was
pending at the adjournment last night. '
MBS. MART A. DAVIS. ,
The SPEAKER. The Speaker is informed.
by the engrossing clerk that a bill (H. R, JfOf
59G) granting a pension to Mary A. Davis,
widow of William P. Davis, a private iu the
eighteenth regiment of Indiana volunteers ia
the war of 18C1, was passed last night in oppo-
sition to the report of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and by some inadvertence the date
at which the pension is to commence is lefjt
blank. It is suggested by the engrossing clerk,
as the provisions of the general pension law
fix the date of the pension at the date of the
death of the husband, that the blank be filled
with the date October 1, 1861, the soldier hav-
ing died in September, 1861. As the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed was laid on flie table, no change can be
made now except by unanimous consent. But
it is evident that the bill should.not be sent to
the Senate with a blank unfilled.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not so sure that the
general pension laws would make the pension
take effect from the death of the party where
no time is mentioned in the act granting the
pension. I have no objection to fill the blank
with the words "at the date of the passage of
this act."
Mr. HOLMAN. Make it the date of the
application for the pension.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot consent to hav-
ing the date filled so as to make the pension
reach back seven or eight years. The Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions reported adversely
upon this bill. The bill was introduced here
with certain blanks in it. The Committee on
Invalid Pensions, after due consideration,
decided to report it adversely, and hence the
question of filling the blanks did not -come
before the committee. I have, therefore, no
authority to speak for the committee upoa that
point. But 1 am very well satisfied that in a
case like this, of doubtful character, the com-
mittee would never consent that the pension
should take effect from the (late of the d-eath
of the party, going Ijack seven or eicjht years.
The SPEAKER. . If objection is made to
the filling of the blank the bill must be seat
to the Senate with the blank unfilled.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Bekjamik] will consent
to have the blank filled with the date ot the
application for a pension.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing that this
pension shall commence like pensions in all
other doubtful cases, at the date oi the passage
of the act.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holmaj,',] who had charge of the
bill, asks that the blank bo filled with the date
of the application for a pension. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to
filling the blank, the bill^will be sent to the
Senate with the blank unfilled.
CLERK OF PENSION COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. Thefirst business in order
is the joint resolution (H. R. No. 451) in rela-
tion to the pay of the elerk of the Committee
of Invalid Pensions. This resolution was
reported last evening from the Committee on
