1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
distribution of documents.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask my colleague to yield
to me to offer a resolution.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I will yield to hear what
tlie resolution is.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be directed to for-
' ward to members of the Fortieth Congress not elected
to the Forty-First Congress their proportion of all
public documents ordered printed by the Fortieth
Congress.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I offer the following
as a substitute for the resolution:.
Resolved, That all books and documents ordered
by the Fortieth Congress to be printed for distribu-
tion, and that may be ready for delivery prior to the
1st of Decembernext, shall be delivered to members
of the Fortieth Congress for that purpose.
Mr. LOGAN. I accept that as a modification
of my resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled an act (H. R. No. 1808) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office De
partment during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870 ; when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. Ingersoll resumed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would request
the gentleman from Illinois to yield to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnell,] for
the purpose of offering a resolution for the pay-
ment of the salary of a deceased member of
the House.
pat of hon. james hinds, deceased.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be hereby authorized to pay to Mrs. James
Hinds, widow of the late member from the second
district of Arkansas, assassinated on the 22d day of
October, 1868, a sum of money out of the contingent
fund of the House equal to what his salary would
have been from that date until the close of the pres-
ent session if he had lived.
Mr. ROBINSON. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he strike out the word '' assassinated''
and insert the word "deceased."
Mr. ARNELL. Oh, no; I object to that.
Mr. KNOTT and Mr. BECK objected to the
reception of the resolution.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the resolution adopted.
The question was taken; and (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof) the rules were suspended,
and the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mileage of members.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Raum.]
Mr. RAUM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee _ on Mileage to report the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and he
is hereby, directed to pay to the Representatives and
Delegates the mileage now allowed them by law for
the adjourned session of the present Congress, com-
menced and held in the month of July, A. D. 1867,
from the contingent fund of the House upon the
certificates in the usual form of the Representatives
and ~
I ask unanimous consent to report the res-
olution.
_ Mr. ALLISON and Mr. SCOFIELD ob-
jected.
Mr. RAUM moved that the rules be sus-
pended to enable him to report the resolution.
Mr. WARD and Mr. SCOFIELD demanded
the yeas and nays. <
The question recurred upon ordering the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it \v^s 4ecided
in the negative—yeas 20, nays 108, not voting
94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Burr, Corley, Dodge, Driggs, Eld-
ridge, Goss, Jenckes, Kerr, Logan, SJallory, Mun-
gen, Orth. Pierce, Raum, Schenck, Spalding, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Whittemore, and
Young—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Boyden, Boyer, Brorn-
well. Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Cake, Cary,
Churchill, Clift, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Cullom,Dawes,
Dixon, Dockery, Bggleston, I51a, Thomas D. Eliot,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield, Getz, Golla-
day, Haight, fialsey. Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Hop-
kins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, .Tudd, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, William Law-
rence, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall. Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, McCullough, McKee. Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, New-
comb, Niblack, Norris, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Pile,
Price, Robertson, Robinson, Sawyer, Scofield, Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart, Stover, Taber, Tay-
lor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Twicbell, Up-
son,BurtVanHorn, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburne, Welker, James
F. Wilson. John T. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, Wm-
dom. and Woodbridge—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell. Baldwin,
Barnum, Beck, Benton, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles,
Bowen, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Callis, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Colfax, Covode, Delano, Deweese,
Dickey, Donnelly, Eckley, Edwards, James T. El-
liott, Films worth, Fox, Glossbrenner. Gove, Gravely,
Griswold, Grover, Hamilton, Harding, Haughey,
Heaton, Higby, Hooper, Hotehki^s^Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter,
AlexanderH. Jones, Kelley, Lafiin, Lash, George V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Marvin, Morrissey, My-
ers, Newshain, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Peters,
Pettis, Pike, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Piince,Pruyn,
Randall, Roots. Ross. Selye. Shanks. Shellabarger.
Sitgreaves, Stokes, Stone, Sypher. Xaffe, Thomas,
Tift, John Trimble, Van Aernam. Van Wyck, Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, Wood, and Wood-
ward—91.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. LOGAN. A question of order. Is it
in order for a member to carry a resolution
around to see how many members will vote
for it, and then when the yeas and nays are
called to vote against the resolution himself?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does notthmk
that is a question of order.
publication of debates again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House passed the resolution concerning the
printing of the debates by the Congressional
Printer.
The SPEAKER. Upon this question the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist that the gentle-
man from Illinois shall proceed or yield the
floor unconditionally. No business can be done
except on motion of some gentleman to whom
he chooses to yield.
The SPEAKER. Whenever any member
insists upon the regular order the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] must proceed
or yield the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am ready to proceed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] yield to allow me to
move to proceed to business on the Speaker's
table?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield for that
motion with the understanding that when this
subjcct again comes up I shall be considered
as entitled to the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that the gentle-
man from Illinois shall make his speech now
without further interruption.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it not in order for
me to yield for a motion to go to business on
the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. Business on the Speaker's
table is the regular order when there is no other
business before the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr._ SPALDING. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] to yield to a motion
to go to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing to do so,
with the understanding that I am entitled to
the floor when this subject again comes up for
consideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
House now proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, pending a motion to reconsider.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to make a privileged
report.
The SPEAKER. Is it a report from a com-
mittee of conference?
Mr. COVODE. It is a privileged report.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] is privi-
leged. The gentleman must proceed or aban-
don the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to postpone the
consideration of the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] is in possession of the
floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If it be in order, I move
to postpone the consideration of the motion to
reconsider for the purpose of going to business
on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion in that form
is not in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I will proceed
with my remarks. In the first place I ask the
Clerk to read the concurrent resolution which
I have moved to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the resolution is not now at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I will state the
purport of the resolution. The proposition as
submitted by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Ela] is to transfer the printing of
the Congressional Globe to the Public Printing
Office.
Mr. NIBLACK. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman cannot proceed while the
resolution is not at the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution having
passed the House has been engrossed and sent
to the Senate, and is not now in the possession
of the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that it is not proper for the officers of
this House or whoever has committed this out-
rage upon the House—I do not mean to be
personally offensive—to carry away the resolu-
tion while the motion to reconsider is pending.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now in
the possession of the Clerk, and will be re-
ported.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Con-
gressional Printer be directed to report and publish
the debates of Congress, commencing at twelve
o'clock, March 4,1869, until further and definite ac-
tion can be had under the joint resolution recently
passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now desire to state
the reasons why the vote adopting this resolu-
tion should be reconsidered. The proposition
is to transfer the printing of the Congressional
Globe to the Public Printing Office. No gen-
tleman here can deny that the Public Printer
is now overwhelmed with business, and that he
is behind, as is reported, from three to per-
haps six months with much of the public print-
ing. How, then, can it possibly be that the
Public Printer will be prepared to-morrow to
take the reports of this House and of the Sen-
ate and publish not only the Congressional
Globe but also the Daily Globe? There has
been no appropriation ; no means for doing
the work have been provided ; there is no law
whatever authorizing this proceeding; and
more than that, there is not now at the com-
mand of the Public Printer a sufficient force to
execute the work proposed to be imposed upon
him.
Mr. CAKE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for half a minute?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir.
Mr. CAKE. I want to correct the gentle-
man's statement. The Public Printer has a
force of compositors ready  
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the gentleman
to order. I do not yield to him.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to put to the Chair a
parliamentary question.
