X869,
THE- COTORESSIOH-A'L -GLOBS.
liquidated and unliquidated, amounted to over
$3,300,000,000 ; and on the 1st of last Sep-
tember it Was only, in round numbers, $2,500-
000.000—a reduction by actual payment in
tliree and a halfyears of $800,000,000. In 1816
the debt of Great Britain was $4,200,000,000 ;
and in 1863 it was, in round numbers, $3,9o0,-
000,000—a reduction of only $300,000,000 in
forty-seven years.
i have not the data nor the time to extend
these comparisons as to increase of wealth to
France, but they would not, I think, be very
dissimilar from those just made between the
United States and Great Britain.
I have presented these somewhat volumin-
ous statistics for the purpose of showing that
we are far more able than either Great Britain
or France to pay the debt resting upon us, and
to incur such further liabilities as may seem
nccessary for the development of our country,
and also for the purpose of introducing the
example of those old conservative nations to
refute the arguments of those who say " Now
is not the time ; we are too much in debt to
undertake any of these great enterprises."
Great Britain, with a debt much larger than
onra; with a smaller population; with afar
less ratio of increase in population, wealth, and
annual products; with a standing army at least
five times as great as ours to support, loans
her credit to the amount of $440,000,000 to
build fouf thousand six hundred miles of rail-
road for the purpose of developing one of her
remote dependencies; and yet we pause and
question our ability when it is proposed to loan
the credit of our Government to the extent of
only about fifty millions, in order to insure the
construction of two thousand miles more of
railroad, which will develop in the very heart
of the great Republic the incalculable wealth
that now lies but half concealed in its vast
prairies and mountains, if it be prudent for
Great Britain to do so much for far-distant
India; if France, with a debt almost as large
as ours, with a population that in sixty years
has increased only one-twentieth as rapidly as
ours, with a standing army of from four hun-
dred thousand to seven hundred and fifty
thousand men to support—if France, under
these circumstances, acts wisely in granting her
credit to the extent of $620,000,000 in order
to develop the resources of a country not larger
than one of our States, shall it be said that
we are injudicious and reckless of the nation's
credit when we propose a loan of only about
fifty million dollars to open up a great highway
for the world's commerce and to develop the
wealth of five hundred thousand square miles
of the richest mineral and agricultural territory
on the globe?
Why, sir, since I began the investigation of
this question I have been astonished to find
that with incalculably greater inducements to
engage in these giant enterprises of the cen-
tury we are far behind the other nations in the
encouragement gi ven to them. Young America
is really old fogyish on this point. The wise
statesmen of the Old World see that in the full
development of their national resources con-
sists the ability to meet their national obliga-
tions. Shall we profit by their example ?
18 IT NECESSARY AT THIS TIME?
It is for several reasons.
1. The road is a " military necessity.1' All
our efforts thus far to secure permanent peace
with the Indian tribes have proved disastrous
and costly failures. The treaty system has
been tried until its palpable absurdities are
apparent. Treaties have been so often vio-
lated by both parties that the Indian, at least,
has come to regard them as binding only so
long as necessity or self-interest compels obe-
dience. Without stopping now to ask which
party is most at fault, I will content myself
with the assertion of the fact so often demon-
strated within the last twenty years, that last-
ing peace cannot be obtained by the treaty
system.
Can it be secured by war? Not with the
facilities we now have for conducting such
wars. It is often said that the Indians should
be- turned over to t.he War Department and
annihilated if they will not cease their'out-
rages. It is not difficult to turn them over by
law to the miliiary authorities, but for the
military authorities to get possession of their
property is quite another matter. Catching
the hare is in order before eating him. And
as to the proposition to "annihilate them,"
often so glibly uttered, it will when tried be
far more likely to annihilate the Treasury than
the Indians. I hold in my hand a report from
the Secretary of War, dated December 30,
1860, which states that .the attempt to sup-
press Indian hostilities in 1864 and 1865 cost
S30,f)30,942 93. An estimate, made at the
time, of the number of Indians killed by those
expeditions showed about one dead Indian
for every $2,000,000 expended. At that rate
of expenditure the "annihilation" of two
thousand Indians will cost as much as the sup-
pression of the rebellion.
The Indian war expenses of 18G4 and 1865
certainly did not exceed, if they equalled, the
average expenses for that purpose during, the
last six years. For several months in 1866
the cost (as stated by General Grant) was
about one million dollars per week. The total
expenditure, therefore, for Indian wars during
the last six years will doubtless largely exceed
$100,000,000.
For all this vast expenditure what has been
done toward securing a permanent peace?
Absolutely nothing. The savages are far more
turbulent and troublesome than tiiey were six
years ago. Our dispatches from the plains are
still burdened with accounts of all sorts of
plundering, mail-robbing, scalping, and mur-
dering. For every Indian killed a dozen sol-
diers have been sacrificed. The experiences
of the last six years, therefore, are not such as
to justify a very strong confidence in the
" annihilation " or even in the thorough chas-
tisement of the savage by our present mode of
warfare. I believe in punishing him when he
does wrong, and 1 am entirely satisfied that m
no oilier way can we have peace. He regards
no compact, that he does nut fear to break. He
knows no law but the law of force, lie re-
spects no authority but that in which he sees
the power to enforce obedience.
It is no fault of the Army, or of the gener-
als in command, that we have so utterly failed.
The Army is a portion of the same that won
imperi&hable glory on the bloody fields of the
South. The commanders are among those
most renowned for tact, dash, -and energy.
The names of Sherman, Sheridan, and Han-
cock, are a sufficient/ guarantee that nothing
within the range of possibilities luis been ieft un-
done. Why, then, have we so signally failed?
The answer is found in the inherent difficulty
of the situation, namely, the impossibility of
"getting at" the foe. Infantry are worse than
useless. Cavalry scour the plains for a few
hundred miles from headquarters, but do not
find the enemy. A million and a half square
miles of unsettled prairie and mountain fast-
nesses offer him a sure and safe retreat. A
score of these wild horsemen of the plains, ac-
customed to subsist by the chase, and mounted
on their fleet ponies, with no baggage but a
gun and blanket, with no tents to pitch and no
base of supplies to guard, can bid defiance to
whole regiments of cavalry. The Indian sys-
tem of warfare is to divide into small predatory
bands, strike a blow at some defenseless fron-
tier settlement, plunder and murder some emi-
grant train, or rob the United States mail, and
before our troops are aware of their outrages
they are hundreds of miles away in the interior,
or at some other remote quarter, committing
new depredations. It is this immunity from
danger, this certain and ever open door of
escape from punishment, that makes the In-
dian so troublesome; and it is the impossibility
of finding him that makes all our military
expeditions such utter failures.
So long as he has behind him this vast unoc-
cupied territory, into which he can flee and be
safe, the Government will be powerless to
enforce his obedience, and will continue to
squander untold millions in fruitless efforts'to
conquer a peace." What, then, is the remedy?
There is but one—the construction of railroads
across the continent, whereby troops can be
speedily moved, and self-protecting settlements
be made.
All of our generals who have commanded in
the Indian country, and whose opinions are
most valuableon this subject, agree that this is
the true solution of the "Indian question."
In his report as Secretary of War ad interim•,
General Grant says :
Dnrinfr the last summer and summer before I
caused inspection to be made of the various routes of
travel ana supply through tho territory between tbo
M issouri river and the Pacific coast: the cost of main-
taining troops in that section was so enormous that
I desired, if possiblo, to reduce it. This I have been
enabled to do, to some extent, from the information
obtained from theso inspectors; but, forthe present,
the military establishment between the lines desig-
nated must be maintained at a great cost per man.
The completion of tho railroad to the Paoiiic will
materially reduce this cost, as well as tho number of
men to be kept there. Iheoompletion of those roads
will also go far toward a permanent settlement of
our Indian affairs."
On the 4th of March, 1808, Lieutenant Gen-
eral Sherman, writing in regard to the Kansas
Pacific road, says:
"This road is a military necessity, and will very
much stimulate tho settlement of that region of our
public domain."
Major General Sheridan wrote, on the 2d
of May, 1868, concerning the same road, as
follows:
"I know tliat pecuniarily it will be to the advan-
tage of the Government to help this road." * *
* * " But, in addition, it, almost substantially
ends our Indian troubles by the mora! effect which
it exeioises over the Indians, and the facility which
itgives lo the military in controlling thorn." ■* *
* * " No one, unless he has personally visited
this country, can welt appreoiate the great, assistance
which this railroad ffivrs to econ'>:my, security, and
effectiveness in the administration of m litary affairs
in this department."
Major General Hancock, under date of Jane
4, 1SU8, says:
" I'rom my personal experience, obtained while I
was on the plains, with respect to tho transport at ion
of troops and supplies bv the railroad in question,
(the U"uion Pacific, Kastern Division,) as well as its
great importance in connection with the settlement
ot t.iie count r.v, I feet tbat 1 can speak in strong lan-
guage as to the necessity of this road being extended
as rapidly as practicable to i'ort Wallace, where I
hayo lately been."
Major General Sanborn, a member of the
peace com mission, and a gentleman of large
experience in Indian affairs, on the 3ist of
October last wrote:
" Railroad-', moro than all other things, extend
our civilization over men ami remote lexions, and
will do more in a single decado to civilize Indians,
and to compel them to abandon nomadic habits,
thaneould be done in aeontury without them. The
members of the commission, so far as I know, are
all advocates of two more lines of road to the
Pacific."
Precisely the same reasons on which these
eminent generals base their recommendations
of aid to the Kansas Pacific road, as a " mili-
tary necessity," apply with equal or greater
force to the Northern Pacific. Between the
forty-fourth degree of north latitude (a line
about half way from the central to the northern
routes) and our northern boundary there re-
sides over one hundred thousand Indians,
being one third of the entire Indian popula-
tion of the West. Of this number thirty-five
thousand are Sioux, confessedly the most war-
like and dangerous of all the tribes. Some
fifty thousand more belong to the Oregon,
Washington, Montana, and Idaho tribes, wilh
many of whom we have been in a state of
chronic warfare foryears. Iti British America,
adjacent to our northern boundary, are thirty-
five thousand more, who, in the event of war,
readily cross, the line and join the tribes on
this side.
Now, including British America, there is a
vast, unoccupied country north of the line of
the Union and Central Pacific roads at least a
thousand miles in width by twelve hundred
miles in length into which, when pursued, the
savage can retreat. Twelve hundred thousand
miles of prairie, wilderness, and mountain sol-
itude for a place of refuge I Surely he can
desire no more certain immunity from punish-
ment.
