m
W; ©LOSE
January^
.. So. far as .these wMtUk* northern.-tribes are
concerned, the construction of only one road
across the continent will have-the effect to irri-
tate without furnishing the means to control
them.
They will sweep down upon the line of the
Union Pacific, murder, and scalp a train of
passengers, and escape unharmed to their
northern refuge, where it will still be almost
as impossible to "get at" them as it is-now.
The cheapest, and, in fact the only way to pro-
tect the road now nearly finished,- will be -to
construct two more. Complete the Central,
Northern, and Southern reads, and three lines
of settletnents, not more than from four hundred
to six hundred miles apart, will span the con-
tinent. Towns and cities capable of self-pro-
tection will spring up at convenient distances;
troops can be speedily transported and cheaply
subsisted. War may then be made effective,
if war shall be necessary. But the fact that it
can be effective will be apparent to the Indian
and will soon teaeh him that in obedience is
his only safety. He will then peaceably sub-
mit to the only law he recognizes—the law of
force—and our Indian'wars will be "substan-
tially ended."
2. It is necessary as a measure of retrench-
ment.
In the words of General Grant, " The con-
struction of a road by the proposed route would
be of very great advantage to the Government
pecuniarily."
But I can present" no argument on this point
half so forcible as the quotation of the entire
letter of that far-seeing statesman and great
soldier:
Headquarters Abmy of the United States,
April 20,18U6.
The construction of a railroad by tho proposed
route would bo of very great advantage to the Gov-
ernment pecuniarily, bysaving the cost of transport-
ation to supply troops, whose presence in the coun-
try through which it ia proposed to pass is made
necessary by tho great amount of emigration to the
gold-boiu-ing regions of tho Kooky mountains. In
lay opinion, too. the United States would receive an
additional pecuniary benefit in the construction of
this road by tlia settlement it would induce along
the line of the road, and consequently the less num-
ber ot troops necessary to secure order and safety.
How tar these benefits should be compensated by the
l*oneral Government beyond the grant of land al-
ready awarded by Congress X would not pretend to
say. 1 would merely give it as my opinion that the
enterprise ot constructing the Northern Pacific rail-
road is One well worth fostering by tho General gov-
ernment, and that such aid could woll be afforded as
would insure the early prosecution of the work.
,U. S. GRANT,
Lieutenant General.
Aside from the testimony of this eminent
authority the facts will demonstrate that the
prompt construction of the Northern Pacific
road is a necessary measure of retrenchment.
We have jost seen that the cost of our fruitless
Indian wars has reached the enormous sum of
$100,000,000 in six years. The papers inform
us that Mr. A, H. Jackson, of New York city,
has compiled from the official records and
will soon publish an exhibit of the cost of the
several Indian wars during the last thirty-
seven years, which will show the lpss of over
twenty thousand lives, and an expenditure of
more than seven hundred and fifty million dol-
lars, making an average annual loss during
-,t °* raore tllan six hundred soldiers
and $20,000,000. I have not been able to
make a minute personal examination of these
records, but having been chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs for six years I have
given much attention to this subject, and I am
satisfied Mr. Jackson's statement is not an
exaggeration. But in order that I may be in-
disputably within the bounds of truth I will
place the estimate of expense in this regard at
the average of $16,000,000 per annum for the
last thirty-seven years.
The highest military authorities of the nation
have unanimously advised us that in our Pa-
cific railroad system will be found the peaceful
solution of the "Indian question." In the
words of General Grant, in his official .report,
as Secretary of War ad interim, "the com-
pletion of these roads will go far toward a per-
manent settlement of the Indian question ;" or,.
in the sti-ll more emphatic language OfGeoeral
Sheridan, just quoted, they will "almost sub*
stantially end our Indian- troubles." -Says
General Ingalls: - .
" Nothing would so much conduce to the settlement
of the^difficulties with tho Indian tribes as th® facili-
ties afforded by railroads for a speedy communication
through this country. In my opinion, from an expe-
rienee of manyyears in the quartermaster's depart-
ment in- the West and Northwest, it is of the utmost
importance to the nation- that this road (the North-
ern Pacific) should be constructed at the earliest mo-
ment. possible."—Extract from, letter dated Aprils,
1806.
In April, 1866, Quartermaster General Meigs
wrote of .the Northern Pacific road:
"The enterprise" is one worthy of the nation. As a
military measure, contributing to national security
and defense alone, it is worthy the cost of effectual
assistance by tho Government."
The entire Indian population of the West
numbers about three hundred thousand, one
third of whom, as already stated, reside north
of latitude 44°. As to the comparative expense
of wars against them and the southern and cen-
tral .tribes, I request the Clerk to read from an
official report of the quartermaster general, in
response to a resolution offered by myself on
the 7th of June, 1866. I ^ave italicised the
items which are in whole or in part chargeable
to the northern tribes.
The Clerk read as follows:
-.r , r 186i-
Northwestern Indian e.rpedilion $5,236,000
Apaches   737,908
W alnut creek  73 487
Smoky hill  83,341
LittloBlue  '3 78(1
North Platte..    213.810
California and Oregon  1,018 034
Plum creek  80,405
band creek   182 5°4
K^was    31liG17
Jiepubhcan river  47,596
New Mexico .... 101.774
Total per year  9,110,372
1865.
Northwestern expedition $1,394,190
New Mcxico..'.  298,349
District* of the Wains  13,470,957
Kiowa expedition  100,703
California and Oregon    1,553,816
Republican river  30,173
Northwest territory  2 415 168
 :—19,263,856
Total for the two years $28,374,228
Mr. WINDOM. Of the above items those
designated, respectively, "northwestern Indian
expedition," " northwestern expedition,'1 and
•'northwestterritory," are all, manifestly, for
expeditions Against the northern tribes. To
those items may be added one half of the sums
mentioned for California and Oregon, though
much the largest part was doubtless expended
in the latter State. I add, also, only one third
of the item for the " district of the Plains,"
though the detailed statements of said report
will show that this will fall below the actual
proportion chargeable to these tribes. It ap-
pears, therefore, that of $28,874,228 expended
in two years on account of the quarter in aster's
department, $14,888,268, or more than fifty
per cent, of the whole, was for military expe-
ditions against the Indians living north of lati-
tude 44°. ^ I have no official statement of the
comparative costs for other years since 1862,
but the proportion to be charged to the north-
ern Indians will exceed that for the years men-
tioned in said report.
It may, therefore, be safely asserted that
more than one half of the $100,000,000 ex-
pended during the last six years is properly
chargeable to the futile efforts against Indians
on or near the line of the Northern Pacific
road. I will, however, estimate the propor-
tion thus chargeable to them during that time
at forty per cent, of the whole. Had the
three roads been completed six years ago
they would have "substantially ended our In-
dian troubles," and the proportion of saving
that could have been credited to the Northern
Pacific would have? been at least $40,000,000
during that fame, or at the rate of over six
million five hundred thousand dollars per
annum-
. That my estimate of the retrenchment which-
■would have been effeeted by this road iff below
the actual amoant will conclusively appear by
reference to the following facts, substantiated
by official records, namely: the number of
military posts now established on the1 line and
in the vicinity of this road is twenty-eight.
Tho entire number of troops about 4,500.
The. amount of supplies necessary for their
subsistence is 22,905 tons per annum. The
dost of transportation alone of these supplies
for tile-year 18£t7y ur.der the contracts of that
year, estimating the distances as officially
Stated by the Quartermaster General, was
$6,158,972, to which most be added the pay
of the soldiers and office!®, and other large
incidental expenses, which will swell this sum
to nearly $8,000,000, making almost one sixth
of the entire amount of the Government loan
asked for to construct the road.
It is stated, on good authority I believe, that
a cavalry force of 6,000 men,-under command
of General Sheridan, is now moving in par-
suit of the Indians. This, including the troops
at the various posts, is a-larger force than was
employed in the summer of 1867, wheil Gen-
eral Grant estimated the expenses at $1,000,000
per week. Winter is also a far more expensive
season than summer for Army movements on
the prairies and ia the mountains.. May we
not, therefore, safely estimate the present cur-
rent expenses of Indian .wars at $1,000,000
per week—$144,000 per day? : And inmost not
be forgotten that the money thus expended is
a total loss, while in the case of the contem-
plated railroad aid it is a mere loan of credit
requiring no actual outlay. Let it be remem-
bered also that this vast fruitless drain upon
the Treasury, ranging from $16,000 to $144,000
per day, as just shown, is to continue indefi-
nitely until the true remedy is applied. Shall
we apply it, and thereby lighten the burdens
of the people, or, utider the false pretense cf
economy, continue the profligate "penny-wise
and pound-foolish policy of the past?"
A very great additional saving, amounting to
many hundreds of thousands of dollars per
annum, would be effected by the construction
of this road, in mail transportation to and
from the northwestern States and Territories.
But one of the most important economical
features of this .measure may be seen in the
facilities it will afford to the people-of the
Northwest for retrenchment in their business
expenses, and in the-diversion of labor it will
effect, from present unproductive channels into
pursuits that will add to tke wealth of the
nation.
During the year 18G5 the aggregate ship-
ments ot twenty-seven firms, from the town of
Atchison alone, amounted to 21,531,830pounds
of assorted merchandise, requiring for its trans-
portation 4,917 wagons, 7,154 mules, 27,675
oxen, and employing 5,256 men. The total
amount of capital invested in wagons, mules,
oxen, horses, &e., employed in that trade was
over six million dollars. It is the opinion of
those best informed upon the subject that this
trade has doubled every year since 1865. Add
to this the shipments over the plains from all
the other points, and what an army of men,
horses, wagons, &c., and what a vast amount
of capital may, by-the construction of railroads,
be discharged from this unproductive business,
and employed in some pursuit that will increase
the wealth of the country 1
IT IS A NECESSARY EEVENUE MEASURE,
_ Iu other words, the national credit and na-
tional revenues will be greatly- benefited by
the^ construction of the road, and for reasons
which will appear from the following -consid-
erations :
1. It will stimulate immigration.
^ One of the chief causes of the wonderful
increase of the United State's ia population and
wealth, as already shown, is our unparalleled
immigration. There is nothing in the history
of nations to which it can be compared. The
causes which impel this vast tide of humanity
to our shores* are-of -course various, but, next
to the-attractive principle of universal free-
dom, the most potent among them is the rapid
