1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
following words: >l Provided^ That hereafter thesala-
r*es of the clerks and messengers employed in this
office shall not exceed the sum herewith appro-
priated."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-first amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out the words proposed to be inserted by said amend-
ment and insert in l«eu " ninety thousand."
That the HouseYecede from their disagreement to
the eighty-second amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same witb an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the words " twenty-
four" and insert" twenty."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-third amendment of the Sen ate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
oat of said amendment the word "ten" and insert
the word "eight."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-seventh amendment of th$ Senate and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the word "seven" and
insert "five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-eighth amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out the words " fourteen thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty" and insert" ten thousand."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-first amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows : in line
six of said amendment, after the word "Depart-
ments," insert the following words: " the number of
clerks in their several Departments, the number em-
ployed therein during the preceding fiscal year, when
employed, and when discharged, and the amount of
compensation received by each."
L. M. MORRILL,
TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
W. H. KELSEY,
CHARLES E. PHELPS,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
a unanimous report of both committees, and
has been agreed to by the Senate. I demand
the previous question, and when it is seconded
I will answer any question that any gentleman
desires.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now will the gen-
tleman explain the twenty-eighth amendment?
Several Members. "Vote!" "VoteI"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
ready to answer any question which is put in
good faith for the purpose of information.
Mr. FARNSWOR L'H. I put the question
in good faith; for I do not know what it is, nor
does any member on the floor know.
The S PEAKER. Does the gentleman yield?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider he laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr, ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
a Senate joint resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object, and insist on the
regular order.
SYMPATHY WITH SPAIN.
The House, as the regular order, resumed the
consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table, the first business in order being" the fol-
lowing message from the Senate:
Itesofved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 178) tendering sympathy to the
people of Spain.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House insist
on its amendment and ask a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Banks, Mr.
Barnes, and Mr. Blair managers of the con-
. ference on the part of the House.
W. W. COKCORAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the joint
resolution of the House No. 41S, in relation to
lands and other property of "W. W. Corcoran,
in the District of Columbia, used by the United
States Government during and since the war
of the rebellion.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Page 1, line seven, strike out all after "until" and
insert:
Said W. W. Corcoran shall have taken and sub-
scribed before some person duly authorized to ad-
minister oaths the following oath: " I, W. W. Corco-
ran, do solemnly swear that I have never voluntarily
borne arms agiinst the United States since I have
been a citizen thereof; that Ihave voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement,
either personally or by agent, to persons engaged in
armed hostility thereto ; that I have neither sought
nor accepted nor attempted to exercise the functions
of any office whatever under any authority or pre-
tended authority in hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution within the United States, hostile or inimical
thereto ; and I do further swear that, to the best of
my knowledge and ability, I will support and defend
the Constitution of the United States against all ene-
mies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true
faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this
obligation freely, without any mental reservation or
purpose of evasion, so help me God." And that said
oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed with the
Secretai'y of theTreasury in connection with all pay-
ments of money for the purposes above mentioned,
Mr. KELSEY moved that the joint resolu-
tion and the amendment thereto be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays, and call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD." I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred,
and I ask the Clerk to read the first part of the
Senate amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Page 1, line seven, strike out all after " until" and
insert "the said W. W. Corcoran shall have taken
and subscribed before some person duly authorized
to administer oaths the following oath.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Now, Mr. Speaker, in
the first place the Department ordered the
payment of these claims, or a part of them.
The House passed a joint resolution directing
the Department not to pay them until the far-
ther order of Congress. The Senate has passed
it with an amendment striking out "until after
further order of Congress" and saying " until
he takes that oath." Now, if the joint resolu-
tion is referred to the Committee of Claims
now, at the close of the session, it will be ex-
actly the same as if the House had taken no
action whatever. There is no restraint upon
the Department. They can pay the claim if
they see fit without a condition. I therefore
move that the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was referred be reconsidered ; and I demand
the previous question on that motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The effect of the gen-
tleman's motion will be to leave the joint reso-
lution precisely where it is novr. I hope the
vote will be reconsidered and the amendment
of the Senate concurred in.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose that if we non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate the
joint resolution will not be passed. But I
suppose that after the House has twice said—
once by refusing to concur in the amendment
and once by passing the joint resolution—ihat
this bill shall not be paid until the further
order of Congress the Department will not feel
like taking the responsibility of paying it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What reason is there
why this claim should not be paid if Mr. Cor-
coran can take that oath?
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] if Mr. Corcoran
was ever a citizen of the United States?
Mr. PRUYN. Why not? He was born in
Alexandria.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg pardon of the gentle-
man. I am informed that he is a foreign-born
person.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He may be a citizen
notwithstanding that fact.
Mr. LOGAN. My information is different,
and if so that oath amounts to nothing. I do
not know of my own knowledge.
Mr. PRUYN. What dues the oathamount
to in the case of a naturalized citizeu?
Mr. LOGAN. Just as much as in the case
of a native-born citizen.
Mr. PRUYN. Then it is effectual in this
case.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am informed that Mr.
Corcoran was born in Georgetown.
Mr. STOVEti. That makes two places he
was born in. The gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldkidge] says he was born in George-
town, and the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Pruyn] says he was born in Alexandria.
Mr. PRUYN. I meant to say that he was
born in Georgetown as I am informed.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not state of my own
knowledge that he was not born in this conn-
try, but I have been so informed.
_ Mr. SCOFIELD. I call the previous ques-
tion on my motion to reconsider the vote by
which this bill was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay that motion
on the table, so as to leave this bili with the
Committee of Claims.
The question was taken on laying the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table ; and it was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to reconsider; and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of Claims;
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now move that the
House non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate; and on that motion I call for the pre*
yious question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
concur in the amendment of the Senate, which
I believe has precedence of the motion to non-
concur.
The SPEAKER. The motion to concur
takes precedence of the other motion.
The question was then taken upon concur-
ring in the amendment of the Senate; and
upon a division there were—ayes 41, noes 74.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to concur.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were twenty-seven in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas o2, nays 69, not
voting 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Axtell, Barnnm, Benman,
Beck, Bingham, BLur, Boyden, Biooks, Burr, Cor-
ley, Driggs, Ela, Eldridge, Faruswortl). Garfield,
Getz, Golladay, Goss, Grover, Haight, Higby, llol-
man, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kitchen, Knott, Lynch, Mullory,
Marshall, Moorhead, Morrell, Mungen, Ni black,
Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robertson. Robin-
son, Ross, Smith, Stewart, Tabor, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, Woodbridge,
and Young—52.
NAYS—.Messrs.Allison, Ames, Baker,Banks, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Callis, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Ciift,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Cullotri, Dawes. Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Egileston. Thomas D. Eliot, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Fields, ILilsey, Hill, Hopkins, Hulburd,
Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Koontz, William Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, McCaithy,
McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moor«, Muliins, 0 Noill,
Orth, Paine, Phelps, Price, Roots, Sawyer, Scoliold,
Selye, Stevens, Stover, Sypher, Trowbridge, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadvvaiader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Welker,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Windom—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Barnes, Beatty, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Bovvcn,
Boyer, Buckley, Benjamin F. Batier, Roderick 11.
Butler, Ca,ke, Cary, Chnnlcr, Reader W. Clarke,
Colfax, Cornell, Delano, Deweese, Dickey, Dockery.
Eckley, Edwards, James T. Elliott, Fox, French,
Glossbrenner, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton,
Harding, Haugbey, Hawkins, Hcatoo, Hooper,
Hotehkiss. Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter,
Jenckes, Jiidd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Lailin, Lash,
George V,.Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Marvin, Mc-
Cormick, McCalloueb, Morrissey. Myers. Newcomb,
Newbhaiu, Nicholson, Norris, Numi, Perham, Pe-
ters, Pettis, Pieree,' Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley,
