1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
'He agreed further, in writing, that he would
make the enlargement without a change in con-
tract price, leaving Congress to say whether or
not he was entitled to further compensation.
The papers accompanying the memorial show
that she could not have been built for the price
agreed upon, and that $50,000 would be about
.a, fair percentage for hfer increased size. The
committee -therefore recommend the passage
of an act to pay Charles W. Whitney the sum
of $50,000 upon his executing a receipt in full
for all demands against the Government for
and on account of said vessel.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the bill had better
go to the Committee of the Whole. I insist
on m^ point of order'.
. The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
pdirit of order. The bill will be referred to the
Committee of the Whole' on the Private Calen-
dar. The bill and accompanying report will
be ordered to be printed.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to ask the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] • whether he would not be willing
-.thaf. this bill should be referred, as other cases
-of iron-clads have been referred, to the Com-
^mittee-of Claims. It seems to me the House
' would not desire to take this case out of the
..ordinary course. ' .
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
the reference of the bill to the Committee of
Claims.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be referred
to the Committee of Claims, unless the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer] prefers
that it should go to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. ARCHER. I prefer that the bill should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It will be so referred.
. Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It
8©ems to me that if we undertake to take par-
ticular cases out of the 
The SPEAKER. The bill has gone to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
OFFICERS, ETC., OF STEAMER KEARSARGE.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1908)
to compensate the officers and crew of the Uni-
ted States steamer Kearsarge for the destruc-
tion of the rebel piratical vessel Alabama.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and di-
rects the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Commodore John A. Winslowand the officers
and crew belonging to the United States steamer
Kearsarge, while engaged in the capture and
destruction of the rebel piratical vessel the Ala-
bama, on the 10th of June, 1804, the sum of
$190,000 out of any money heretofore or here-
afterappropriated, thesamebeingthe estimated
value thereof, to be distributed to the officers
and crew attached to the Kearsarge at the date
above named, according to the pay-roll of the
ship at that time, and to be in lieu of the
bounty authorized by the eleventh section of
the act of June iiO, 1861, "to regulate prize
proceedings," &c.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine whether we did not pass a
bill of this kind a year or two ago?
•Mr. PIKE. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. _ I rise to a question of
order. Does not this bill make an appropria-
tion, and must it not under the rules be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
. The SPEAKER. The language is " out of
any,I51,oney heretofore or hereafter appropri-
a r, ^ nol; an appropriation bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Doesthe Chair think that
it is a "dodge?"
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair would think
not, and for this reason: pension bills have
been held by all Speakers not to be appropri-
ation bills, although they are a lien upon the
1 reasury, and the amount niust be appropri-
ated for their payment. This is not an appro-
priation bill any more than pension bills, a
large number of which were'passed last even-
ing without reference to the Committee of the
tVhole on the state of the Union. " .
Mr. SCOFIELD. That will allow any com-
mittee of this House to evade the rules and
accomplish the purpose of passing appropria-
tion bills without reference to the Committee
of the Whole on" thestate of the Union. But
I will not appeal fromi the decision of the Chair.
I am only sorry that it is to be the law of the
House, for it will keep everything out of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It is a "dodge" that maybe resorted
to by every committee to escape all reference
to the committee.
The SPEAKER. No money is drawn from
this bill unless an appropriation is made here-
after by Congress. It is not a ruling estab-
lished by the present occupant of the chair,
but it has been the decision of all his prede-
cessors.
Mr. PIKE. I think I will now demand the
previous question.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand the amount is
to be paid by finding out the value of the Ala-
bama. I hope we shall have some explanation
of this matter.
Mr. PIKE. I will only state how this sum
was fixed. I do not propose to make any ex-
tended statement in relation to this bill. The
cause of action is well known to every man in
this House. It is peculiar in this, that this was
the only action during the war where the Navy
was engaged, and in which there was a stand-up
fight in which the parties were nearly equally
matched. The " Ivearsarge" sunk her antag-
onist. It is well known that the political effect
of that action was very great, so much so, in
the judgment of many, as to prevent the inter-
ference of foreign nations in our pending strug-
gle. For these and other reasons obvious to the
gentlemen of the House the committee have
thought it best to reproduce the bill passed by
the House of Representatives two years since,
which gives to the captors of the Alabama the
value of that vessel as ascertained by a com-
mission appointed for that purpose. That is
all there is of it.
This bill has been recommended by the Navy
Department as peculiarly fitting under the cir-
cumstances. The sum fixed is that indicated
by the commission appointed for that purpose.
It is well known to gentlemen that there is a
provision in our prize laws which gives boun-
ties to the captors of a vessel when the usual
prize money cannot be obtained. This propo-
sition is in lieu of those bounties.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will consent to add a proviso that this money
shall go to the parties for whose benefit it is
proposed to appropriate it.
Mr. PIKE. I will add another provision
that all assignments shall be void. If the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will put his amend-
ment in shape he can offer it, and I hope it
will be adopted. I do not know that there is
any objection on the part of the House to the
passage of this bill.
^Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understand that
this is already provide-d for in the general prize
law. If so, why does this not come within it?
Mr.^ CHANLER. I should like to know
what is the particular merit of this case over
all others of a similar character?
Mr. PIKE. There are no claims of a simi-
lar character pending before this House. I
have not consulted the precedents in the past,
but I understand that similar bills have been
passed. Each gentleman can judge for him-
self the propriety of passing this bill.
Mr. CHANLER. What are the services
rendered?
Mr. PIKE. The destruction of the Alabama.
That was performed by the beneficiaries in
this bill, and I esteem it a very distinguished
service.
Mr. CHANLER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that that does not come under
the general law?
Mr. PIKE. I stated that this is in lieu of the
general law. It proposes to fix a specified sum
in lieu of that allowed under the general law.
I adopt the^suggestipn of the gentleman fro®
Pennsylvania, [Mr. SCOFIELD,] and offer the
following amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That all sales or transfers of these claims
heretofore made shall be invalid, mid theseveral sums
shall foe }>aid to the original claimants or their heira.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is not the one I offer;
there is another proviso tl>atl the Clerk has.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to explain what he means by this being
in lieu of the existing law. I would like him
to state the difference.
Mr. PIKE; The existing law provides'that
where the vessel destroyed is of inferior forcer
for each person onboard $100 gratuity shall be
paid, and where the vessel destroyed is of supe-
rior force, for each person on board $200 shali
be paid. This bill is in lieu of that provision.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofOhio. T would inquire
of the gentletnan from Mame-whether there
has ever been any such bjlV'as this passed by
any Congress?' I understand the general.law
on the subject does not meet such a case aa
this, but the inquiry I make is, whether in aJJ
our previous history, where our sailors have
destroyed an enemy's vessel, they have eve'F
been compensated in this way?
Mr. PIKE. I understand they have.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Can the gen-
tleman state to the House an instance of this
kind.
Mr. PIKE. I cannot.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. One word more,
I suggest whether it would not be better to
defer action upon this bill till we settle our
present difficulties with England. For one, I
am opposed to the present treaty which it is-
alleged in the newspapers has been proposed
between this country and Great Britain, and I
hope we will hold over that Government the
wrongs which it has infficted upon us until arc
opportune time comes when we can demand
the satisfaction which justice requires.
Mr. PIKE. It was in furtherance of that
idea that we reported' this bill. This vessel
destroyed was to all intents and purposes an
English piratical cruiser, and it was on that
account partially that the committee introduced
this bill at this time. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman will
answer my question.
Mr. LOGAN. In looking at this bill I think
the same- principle might be applied to quite
a number of persons. I have a case in my own
mind, Captain Conner, of Illinois, - who was
captain of the Queen of the West, that destroyed
the rebel fleet below Vicksburg during the time
we were attacking it. He was never allowed
anything whatever for that act, although he ap-
plied for compensation. I ask that he be allowed
the same right, and I offer the amendment that
I send to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only
be introduced by unanimous consent, on ac-
count of the rule to be fortnd on page 9 of the
Digest;
An amendment proposing to ingrafta general pro-
vision of law upon a private Mil is against order. It
is also out of order to ingraft upon a bill for the
relief of one individual a provision for the relief of
another.
Therefore this bill must stand or fall upoti
its own merits.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Maine this question : is not this bill
one that is personal in its character, that is to
say, for the special benefit of some particular
officer on board that vessel?
Mr. PIKE. The bill specifies that every
officer and man on board that ship, down to
the humblest man and the smallest boy, shall
receive his proper share of the amount.
.Mr. CHANLER. Yes ; but would not a cer-
tain officer on board that vessel receive more
under the old bill, and are you not depriving
him of his share by this bill and "giving it to
others ?
Mr. PIKE. I do not understand the gentle-
man's question?
Mr. CHANLER. It is whether the gentle-
