1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
Prince, Schenck, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitereares,
Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes, Storie. Taffe, Tay-
lor, Thomas, Tift, John Trimble, Twichell, Van
Aernnm. Van Wyck, Yidal, Elihu B. Wasbburne,
Ileniv D. Washburn, Whittemoie, William Wil-
liams', .John T. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—101.
So the amendment of the Senate was not
concurred in.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
ask the appointment of a committee of con-
ference on the bill the amendment to which
has just been non-concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
it Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill of the following title, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested :
An act (H. R. No. 2007) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 80, 1870, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the House
non-concur in the amendments to the bill just
returned from the Senate, and ask the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I-ask unanimous
consent that Senate bill (S. No. 784) to amend
the judicial system of the United States be
taken from the Speaker's table for considera-
tion at the present time.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read the first
and second time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the
previous question.
The iirst section of the bill provides that the
Supreme Court of the United States shall here-
after consist of the Chief Justice of the United
States and eight associate justices, any six of
whom shall constitute a quorum ; and for this
purpose there is to be appointed an additional
associate justice of said court. The second
section provides that for each of the nine exist-
ing judicial circuits there shall be appointed
a circuit judge, who shall reside in his circuit,
and shall poofess the same power andjurisdic-
tioti therein as the justice of the Supreme Court
allotted to the circuit. The circuit courts in
each circuit are to be held by the justice of
the Supreme Court allotted to the circuit, or
by the circuit judge of the circuit, or by the
district judge ot the district sitting alone, or
by any two of them sitting together. And such
couris may be held at the same time in the
different districts of the same circuit, and more
than one such court may be held at the same
time in the same district. The circuit judges
are each to receive an annual salary of §5,000.
The third section provides that nothing in this
act shall affect the powers of the justices of
the Supreme Court as judges of the circuit
court except in the appointment of clerksof the
circuit courts, who in each circuit shall be
appointed by the circuit judge of that circuit,
and the clerks of the district courts are to be
appointed by the judges thereof respectively.
The fourth section provides that it shall be the
duty of each justice of the Supreme Court to
attend at least one term of the circuit court in
each district of Ins circuit during every period
of two years.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, this
bill is a very short one., and doubtless every
member has paid attention to the reading of it.
I do not desire to enter upon any discussion of
the measure. It provides that there shall be
one associate justice of the Supreme Court, of
the United States in addition to the number
now provided by law; making nine judges in-
stead of eight. It piovides also that there shall
bo appointed for each circuit a circuit judge,
who shall hold, in connection with the district
judge, the circuit court. It further requires
that each of the supreme judges shall perform
circuit duty for at least one term in every two
years. Unless some further explanation is
desired I demand the previous question upon
the passage of the bill. It is absolutely neces-
sary that we should do something to relieve
our judicial system.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit to the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] that a bill of this
importantcharacteroughtnotto be put through
at this stage of the session and without debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This has been in-
vestigated by many members of the House to
whose attention the subject was called. I now
demand the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
93, noes 22.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COBB demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered ; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The amendment was agreed to.
CHARLOTTE CRANE.
' Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the further consideration of
Senate bill No. 846, granting a pension to
Charlotte Crane, and that the same be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved that the House take
a recess until nine o'clock a. m.
The motion was disagreed to.
^ washington' family rklics.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to make a privileged
report of the evidence submitted in the mat-
ter of the Washington relics taken from the
Arlington House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is that a privileged
report?
Mr. COVODE. It is.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Has it the privilege of
reporting at any time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it has the privilege of reporting at any
time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order, that that does not appear by the records.
The SPEAKER. The question then is on
the reception of the report.
Mr. COVODE. The committee were author-
ized to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair relies upon
the statement of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal from the gen-
tleman's statement to the record.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot refer to
the record.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair feel bound
by the statement of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania?
" The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania makes the statement upon his honor,
and the Chair takes it to be correct.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the produc-
tion of the record of the House to decide the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot bring
the records before the House. Does the gen-
tleman appeal from a decision of the Chair?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal to the records
of the House,
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed
with the reading of the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then 1 appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. WARD. I drew the resolution with
my own hand, and know that to be the fact.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no doubt about it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I withdraw my
appeal from the decision of the Chair, but I
think in such a matter that the records of the
House should be produced.
Mr. COVODE. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
report the testimony taken before that com-
mittee, together with the following resolution:
Resolved, That the articles known as the effects of
George Washington, the Father of his Country, now
in the custody of the Department of the Interior, are
of right the property of the United States; and any
attempt on the part of the present Administration or
any Department thereof to deliver the same to the
rebel General Robert E. Lee is an insult to the loyal
people of the United States; and they ought to be
kept as relies in the Patent Office, and ought not to be
delivered to any one without the consent of Con-
gress.
I demand the previous question on the adop-
tion of that resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to submit
a minority report.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman can do so
without debate.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I deny the facts
as the gentleman has reported them.
Mr. COVODE. No debate.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I offer as a
minority report the following resolution, to
come in as a substitute for that submitted by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania;
Resolved, That the articles in the Patent Office
which have been identified as the property of Mrs.
Mary Custi? Lee, and which were taken without
au th ority of the Govern ment from her home at Arling-
ton, as they are of but little value except hs heirlooms
in her family bequeathed to her by herfather,George
Washington Parke Custis, be at her request restored
to her possession.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to allow the substitute to
be offered ?
Mr. COVODE. I do, as the report of the
minority. I call the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to say
this is an unheard-of outrage, and 
Seveial members objected to debate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
on the adoption of the substitute offered by the
genileman from Kentucky, [Mr. Joxes.]
Mr. INGEP*,SOLL. Mr. Speaker, this is a
matter of inconsiderable importance. I believe
the relics consist of some brass buttons and
cracked plates, [laughter,] and I would like to
have it postponed. [Calls to order.]
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in .the negative—yeas 84, nays 92, not voting
96 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum. Beck, Bingham, Boyer, Brooks. Burr, Eld-
ridge, Getz, Uolladav, Grovor. Haisht, iloimjta,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Kerr, Knott. Laflm,
Marshall, Mungen. Niblack. Phelps, Pruyn, Randall,
Robinson, llass, Spalding, Taber, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Auken, and Youns—34.
NAYii—-Mes-rs. Allison. Bailey, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton. Blair, Boutwell. Broinwell, Broomall, Buck-
laud, Buckley, Cake, Calhs, Churchill. Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Ciift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Ooriey, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,. Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs. Egsleston, Ela,ThomasD. Eliot, Fer-
ris, Ferrv. French. Garfield, Ilnlacy, lligby, Hill,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Judd, Julian, Kelsey Ketcham, Kitchen, W llliam
Lawrence, Lostan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard,
McCarthy, McKee. Mereur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Morrelt, Mullins, Norris, O'jNeill, Orth^Paine,
Pierce, Pile, Price, Raum, Robertson,Roots, bawyer,
Schenck, Scofield. Selye, Smith, Stevens, Stover, Tay-
lor, Trowbiidge, Twichell. Burt Van Horn, Robert r.
Van Horn, Van Trump. ard, Cadwalader O. Wash-
burn. Henry D. Washburn, William B, Washburn,
Welkcr, Whittemore, Thomas Williams, Windom,
and Woodbridse—9i
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley. James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin.
Banks, Beaman, Blackburn, Blame, Boles, Bowen,
Boyden, Benjamin F. Butler, ltodeiick R. Butler.
Carv, Chanter. Colfax. Delmo, Deweese, Dickey,
Dockery, Donnelly. Eekley. Edwards. James T. Ki-
liott, Farnswoith, Fields, Fox, Glossbienner, Goss,
Gove, Gravely. Griswold, Hamilton, Harding,
