1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
man, by introducing this bill, is not practically
depriving Captain Winslow of that share to
which he was entitled under the old law, and
redistributing it so that others shall get a large
share?
Mr. PIKE. Without the bill Captain Win-
slow cannot receive one cent except his share
of .head money.
Mr. CHANLER. Woald he not under the
old law?
Mr. PIKE. He cannot under any existing
law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Two ques-
tions have been asked: first, whether there is
any case of legislation like this; and secondly,
how is the present case affected by the general
law ? There was a similar case in the year 1864.
Congress passed a law giving to Commodore
William Porter and the crew of the Essex-the
value of the iron-plated steamer Arkansas,
which he claimed to have destroyed near Ba-
ton Rouge, and the amount was divided among
the officers and crew.
Then as to the general law. By the general
law there is given to the officers and crew of a
United States vessel that sinks an enemy"
vessel—because such vessel cannot be brought
in to be tried in a prize court—in lieu of any
prize money, what is known among sailors as
"head money" or "blood money." That is
to say, it gives to each officer and sailor his
•proportion of $100 for every man who was on
board of such vessel if the vessel sunk was of
inferior force to the conquering vessel, and
$200 for every man on board the vessel sunk
if she was of superior force, to be distributed
among them as in case of prize money. In this
case, in consideration of the gallant services
of Winslow and his men, it is proposed, instead
of giving them simply "the blood money," to
give them the value of the vessel sunk; and I
hope some day to charge it to the kingdom of
Great Britain and collect paymentwith interest.
Mr. LOGAN. I am glad the gentleman
from Massachusetts has referred to the act
passed by Congress in 1864, because it gives
me an opportunity of saying a word that I have
wanted to say for a good while. Congress
allowed Commodore Porter and his fleet to
have prize money, but under that law they saw
fit to include nobody in the prize except the
regular Navy; and the fleet surgeon, Dr. Rob-
erts, and Captain Connor, the captain of the
Queen of the West, that ran one of the ene-
my's boats down and destroyed her, were not
allowed one cent, because they happened to be
detailed from the volunteer service and were
not reported in the report of Commodore Por-
ter to the Secretary of the Navy. That bill
was a fraud. It was passed for his benefit
and tended to defraud the very men who as
sisted him to perform that duty.
Mr. TWICHELL. Commodore Winslow is
a constituent of mine, a gallant officer, as
everybody knows. This bill does differ, as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chanler] has
well said, from the usual bills, and from, in my
judgment, what it ought to be. It does not
pay as prize money under the law. This pays
according to the pay of officers and men on
board. I was opposed to that change, but I
am in favor of the bill as it now stands rather
than have it fail, and I hope the friends of
Captain Winslow will vote for it.
Mr. PIKE. I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from Maine if the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] is
regarded as pending?
Mr. PIKE. It is, ais an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 will accept it in lieu
of my amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr. Spald-
ing, accepted by Mr. Scofield, as follows:
Provided, That no money shall be paid_ to any
assignee of the mariner entitled to the smae. but
only to the mariner in person, his wife, or,children.
Mr. PIKE. I now ask the previous ques-
tion on the bill aud amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. SooFibld, as modified upon the sugges-
tion of Mr. Spalding; and being taken, the
amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. PIKE. Upon that question I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was upon the
passage of the bill.
The question was taken; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 64, noes 27 ; no quorum vot-
ing.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a, division, there
were—ayes 19, noes 83.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. CHANLER called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were sixteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
And (the affirmative not being one fifth of
the previous vote) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill, upon which no quorum had voted.
Tellers were ordered under the rule; and
Mr. Pike and Mr. Logan were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 85, noes 25.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
bill No. 1456, to authorize the importation of
machinery for repair only, free of duty.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested, namely:
A bill (S. No. 228) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 810) to regulate elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories; and
A bill (S. No. 836) for the relief of Celestia
P. Hartt.
provisional government e0r mississippi.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill _(H. R. No. 1965) to provide for
the organization of a provisional government
for the State of Mississippi ; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
richard m. green.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1966) for
the payment of Richard M. Green for the use
of his patent by the Government; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $5,000 shall be appropriated from any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated as payment in full to Biehard M.
Green for the use by the Government of his
patented machine for bending chain-cable
links and connecting shackle and tackle-hooks.
Mr. COBB and Mr. SCOFIELD raised the
point of older that the bill was an appropri-
ation billt aod must receive its first consider-
ation, under the"rules,in the Oommittee of the
Whole,
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken.
The bill was accordingly, under the rule,
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
placed on the Private Calendar.
The report accompanying the bill was ordered
to be printed.
POSTER AND TOWER.
Mr. PIKE, from the game committee, also
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1967) for the relief
of Booster & Tower, of New York; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to allow to Messrs. Fos-
ter&Tower, ofNewYork, out of the appropri-
ation for yards and docks, the sum of $2,251,
for difference in cost of crucibles furnished by
them to the navy-yard at New York, under a
contract in which the price of said crucibles
was erroneously stated at five cents each.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I think that this
bill requires some explanation. If I have cor-
rectly understood its purport, it proposes to
allow extra pay to a contractor because he
made a mistake in his bid. I hope the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Pike] will give the
House an explanation.
Mr. PIKE. On the ground of a mistake in
the bid the Committee on Naval Affairs have
reported this bill. On account of this mistake,
the circumstances of which are set forth in the
papers and certified to by the chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, this firm received
some two thousand dollars less than they were
entitled to. But as the papers on their face
do not show the mistake, the chief of the
bureau thinks it out of his power to_ correct
it. He recommends the passage of this bill by
Congress to rectify the mistake.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What was the mistake ?
Mi. PIKE. The mistake was in naming
five cents each for the crucibles instead ot
five cents per number. The latter bid is what
the firm intended to make. They received but
about two hundred dollars, when according to
the bid as they intended it they were entitled
to twenty-two or twenty-three hundred dollars.
I ask the Clerk to read the report of the
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks.
The report, which was read, states that
Messrs. Foster & Tower contracted on the22d
of J uly, 1866, for sundry classes of goods to ba
delivered to different navy-yards forthe Bureau
of Yards and Docks. In one class, No. 17, for
the Brooklyn navy-yard, there were four hun-
dred black lead crucibles, Nos. 100 to 125, to
be bid for "each." The parties bid for these
crucibles at five cents each, and after the con-
tract was made they discovered that there was
a mistake in their bid, that the five cents should
have been "per number," and not "each."
Nevertheless they complied with their contract,
and delivered the articles at the price named.
There was evidently a mistake in stating the
price, five cents each instead of five cents per
number, the latter being about the usual price
for crucibles, and estimating them at five cents
per number their bid would still have been
lowest. The Bureau of Yards andDocks, hav-
ing no power to modify a contract, could afford
no relief, and hence the appeal of the con-
tractors to Congress. Their loss was over two
thousand dollars.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I never heard of
this case before, nor of these parties. I know
nothing of the matter except what I have
learned from the reading of the bill and the
report. But, as I understand, the bill is de-
signed simply to remedy a mistake, made not
only by the contractors, but by the officer
awarding the contract on the part of the Gov-
ernment. It was, it seems to me, the duty of
the latter to reject the bid as originally made
on the ground ot' informality. Now, while this
case, considered on its merits alone, may be
