1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Hauphey, Hawkins, Heaton, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asa-
bel W. Hubbard, Richard X>. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Thomas L.Jones, Kelloy, Kel-
logg, Koontz, Lash, Georpre V. Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Lynch, Marvin, McCormick, McCullough,
Morrissey, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson,
Nunn, Perham, Peters. Pettis. Pike, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Prince, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Sypher, Tuffe,
Thomas, Tift. John Trimble, Upson. VanAernam,
Van "VVyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, William
"Williams, James R Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen
-F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—96.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution reported by the committee.
message eeom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that that
body had passed a joint resolution of the
House No. 280, for the relief of Ella E. Hobart.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 2007)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
80, 1870, had agreed to the conference asked
for by the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Messrs. Morrill of Maine, Edmunds, and
Harlax the conferees on the part of the Senate.
washington family relics.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution reported by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The pending-question was on agreeing thereto.
Mr. 11083. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask leave to
print remarks.
Mr. COVODE. Iobjectto debate altogether.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman having leave to print ? The Chair
hears none.
[The^remarks of Mr. Jokes will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The motion was disagreedto—ayes25,noes84.
Mr. ROSS. I demand the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolutio'n.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON (at three o'clock andforty-
five minutes a. m.) moved that the House take
a recess till half past nine o'clock a m.
The question being taken; there were—ayes
69, noes 51.
Mr. PRICE and Mr. DODGE demanded the
yeas and nays.
The .yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 73, not voting
93 ; as follows:
Y1<jA5-~Messrs. Arl.ims, B.iker, Barnes, Unrrmri),
BeaUy, Beck, Beojamm, Benton, Blair, Boyor,
Brooks, Uuckley,'Burr, Cake, C.iry, Cook, Cornel],
Dawes, 01XOD, Bldridge, French, Getz, (iolladfiy,
Goss, Grover, llaight, liili, llolmnn, Ingersoll,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Kitchen,
Knott, Koontz, William L;i.wrcnce, McCullough,
MeKee, Niblaek, Pruyn. Randall, Robertson, Ross,
Scuheld, Smith, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Twichell, Van Auken, Van Trump, "Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
and ifonng—50.
Jv AYS—Mosm-s. Allison, Ames, Archer, Axtell,
Baik-v, Banks, Beaman, Bingham, Boutwell. Boyden,
Broiuwt 11, Btoomad. Buckland, Benjamini\ Butler,
Calks Churchill, Sidney Clarke. Olift, Cobb, Covode,
Dickey, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs. Eggleston, Ela,
Thow;is i>. Eliot. Ferrias, Feiry, Garfield, Gravely,
Hatsey, liigby, Hopkins, Hulburd, Jenckes, John-
son, Alexander U. Jones, Kelsey. Ketcham, Logan,
Loujjiu'idge, Maliorv. Maynard, McCarthy, Mercur,
Miiier, Moore, Mullins, Mungen, Norns, O'Neill,
Paine, Phelps, Fierce, Pile, Price, Raum, Roots,
Sawyer, Sehenek, Selye, Stevens, Stover, Burt Van
Horn, Henry I). Washbuin, Wolker, Whittcmore,
Thomas Williams, Jjmcs F. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—73.
jNOT VOXiNC—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Delos
11. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Blackburn,
Blame, Boles. Bowen, Roderick it. Butler, Chan-
lor, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Colfax, Corley, Cul-
lom, Delano, Dewoese, Dockery. Eckiey, Edwards,
James X. Elliott, Farnswortb, Fields, Fox. Gloss-
brenner, Gove, Griswold, Hamilton, Harding,
Haushcy. Hawkins, Heaton, Hooper, Hotehkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester 0. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Kelley, Kellogg,
Laflin, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, McCormick, Moorhead,
Morrell, Morrissey, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham,
Nicholson, Nmin, Orth, Perham, Peters, Pettis. Pike,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Prince, Robinson, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Sypher, Taber, Taffe, Thomas,
Tift, John Trimble, Upson. Van Aernain, Robert T.
Van Horn. Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodward—93.
So the House refused to take a recess.
leave to print.
Leave was granted to Mr. Higby to print
remarks in the Globe on the constitutional
amendment. [See Appendix.]
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S.
No. 784) to amend the judicial system of the
United States ; when the Speaker signed the
same.
removal OF disabilities.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 1880) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Mr. MULLINS. I hope that bill will belaid
aside, and that we shall take up something of
more importance and notstop wholesome legis-
lation to pardon rebels as black as sin.
Mr. MILLER. Is not this the bill we dis-
posed of some time ago?
Mr. PAINE. I will state for the informa-
tion of the House that this is not the bill which
was before the House earlier in the evening,
but is a bill which passed the House a week or
two ago, and which seems to have just arrived
here from the Senate with amendments. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. KELSEY. I move' that it be referred
to the Committee on Expenditures in the State
Department.
Mr. Kelsey's motion was disagreed to.
The bill and amendments were then referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
mining statistics.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (8. R. No. 195) requiring
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to transfer certain moneys; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to transfer
to the Treasury Department $2,500 appropri-
ated for collecting statistics of mines and min-
ing under the act of Congress approved July
20, 1868, and requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to disburse the same as provided for
in said act.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that that joint resolu-
tion be put upon its passage. It is obviously
proper and no one can object to it.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. The appropriation is proper and is
already provided for by law. I demand the
previous question.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes 79,
noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge and
Mr. Julian were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 81, noes 31.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
i reading; and it was accordingly read the third
! time, and passed.
I Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
, by which the joint resolution was passed; and
! also moved that the motion to reconsider be
i laid on the table.
! The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY (at four o'clock and fifteen
minutes a. m.) moved that the House take a
recess until ten o'clock a. m.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 51, noes 71.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion for a recess was accordingly not
agreed to.
wright d0kyea.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 860, for the relief of Wright
Duryea; which was taken up, and read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The preamble of the bill was not read.
The bill, which was read, authorizes aud em-
powers the Commissioner of Patents to receive
the application for the renewal of the said pat-
ent (issued to Wright Duryea April 10, 1855)
the same as though the time had not passed
which is specified by law.
Mr. JENCKES. This patent has not yet
expired. The patentee would have made his
application in time if it had not been for a
severe illness, which resulted in his partial
insanity. I call the previous question on the
bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. "What is this patent for?
Mr. JENCKES. It makes no difference
what it is for. This bill does not, renew the
patent, only gives leave for the application to
be made for a renewal.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill;
and being taken, upon a division there were—
ayes 52, noes 25; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Jenckes and
Mr. Hopkins were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 76, noes 88.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were seventeen in
the affirmative,; not one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. SCOFIELD called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were
eleven in the affirmative; not one fifth of a
quorum.
So tellers were refused; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The bill was accordingly passed.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield the floor. I desire only to ask one or two
questions about this patent. We have been
voting for an extension of a patent, and no one
knows what the patent is for. Inquiry was
made of the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jenck.es,] who has this bill in charge,
aud he declined to state to the House what the
invention was, whether useful or otherwise,
for which the patent was to be extended. I
think the House under those circumstances
should reconsider the vote by which this bill
was passed. 1 will yield to the gentleman
from Rhode Island to make an explanation if
he desires to do so.
Mr. JENCKES. I do not decline to make
an explanation. This patent is for a little
