1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
onecalling forSotnerfilief on the part 'of Con-
rgteSaj l am exceedingly desirous - that there
shall not be established in this case a prece-
i&at 'by ^which hereafter any contractor may
come here aud on the alleged ground of error
in his bid demand of'Congress or of a Depart-
ment a Urge amount of money which he is not
entitled to receive.- I have risen only for the
purpose of Saying that while this ease in itself
considered may present an equitableclajm, yet
I am fearful that bythe passage of this bill we
shall establish a precedent by which hundreds
of thousands of dollars may be voted away
under the pretext that contraetors have made
mistakes in the form-of their bids.
Mr. PIKE. I will state in this connection
a fact which will show the gentleman from New
York [Mr< Wood] that there'is no danger to
be apprehended from the passage of this bill.
With the correction of their bid.these contract-
ors- were still the lowest bidders, and would
have been entitled to the contract. The price
,at "which they intended to bid is nothing more
than the ordinary price.
'Mr. CHANLER. Was not the contract
awarded in pursuance of sealed proposals ?
M,r, .PIKE. I presume it was awarded in
tlxe ordinary way upon sealed proposals.
Mr. CHANLBR. As I understand, these
contractor's very'adroitly put. in their sealed
prppoaals, which- when opened secured them
the contract against all competition; but when
they find no one else has come down to their
level, they want to make their bid higher ; and
this bill proposes to enable them to do so.
Mr. PIKli. The difference between the price
at the rate they intended to bid and the price
at'the rate they by mistake actually did bid is
the difference between $2,200and $200, show-
ing that this was not a "dodge."
Mr. CHANLBR. But we, at any rate, estab-
lish by this bill' a precedent by which such a
thing can be done m the future.
The bill Was ordered tobeengrossedandread
a third time ; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
• M#. PJKB demanded the previous question.
Tlie House waB divided; and there were-—
ayes 65, noes 12 ; no quorum voting.
• Ihe SPEAKER ordered tellers: and ap-
pointed Mr. Pike and Mr. Chanler.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 05, noes 20.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr; PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the^motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
georgia afmiks.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
■.fijsofoed, Ukat three thousand extra copies of the
evidencetaken before the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion relative to the condition of affairs in Georgia to
be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by Whiph the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tile latter motion was agreed to.
COAST SUKVE5T KEPOKT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution ; which was
read,-considered, and agreed to :
•i That there be printed twenty-five bun-
nf jPAes the report oftheSuperintendent
niiffV ^ States Coast Survey for the year 1868;
"BO'eu for distribution by the Superin-
&etoftt6fe3slSurrey' and fifteen hlmdred f0r
moved to reconsider the vote
mhW tw Ie50lation was adopted ; and also
moved tlmt the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
not!' and company.
'Each State shall appoint in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators ami E epre-
i t,-.  •"•j. sentatives to which the State may be entitled in
-Mr. BLAIR, from the Comihittee on Forei™ Con«re3S-
Affairs, reported a. bill (H~ R -iokswE li = ''£_fae Congress may determine the time of choos-
1 "O. 1968) for ■ < iQg the electors, and the day on which they shall give
the-relief ofNott & Co. which vras read a first
and second time.
Th'e bill,' which was read, provides that the
Attorney General shall be directed to examine
the claim of Nott & Co.} American merchants
trading and doing -business in China, against
the Chinese Government, for losses of coin sus-
tained in 1857 by the capture and robbery of
the-vessel called the Neva; and that, if in his
opinion the said claim ought to be paid, he
is hereby aothori'feed and instructed to order
the same to be paid, with the rate of interest
allowed on other-claims from the time of such
loss, out of any funds received from the Chinese
Government under the treaty of 1858 for the
payment of tosses sustained by American citi-
zens ; and that the said amount be paid to the
said Nott & Co., or the surviving copartner or
copartners,'or any. person duly authorized to
be their agent or attorney, from the fund now
held by the Secretary of St&te. The second
section provides that the decision of the Attor-
ney General as to the right of said claimant to
be paid, as to the amount to be paid, and as
to the parties entitled to receive the same, shall
be final and conclusive.
Mr. CHANLBR. I rise to a point.of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, does this
also "dodge" the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union? Has it been got
up for that purpose ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question. The gentleman from New York
raises the question of order that it is an appro-
priation bill. The Chair decides that it is not
an appropriation bill. The gentleman will
find the rule on page 185 of the Digest. If it
involved a charge upon the people and an ap-
propriation of the people's money it would be
an appropriation bill, bat it appropriates out
of a fund made by the Chinese treaty, and
therefore takes no money of the people.
Mr. SPALDING. Does it not bind the
Government to pay the claim eventually?
Mr. BLAIR. It does not even allow the
claim, but leaves it to the Attorney General
to decide.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It provides that money
shall be paid out of the sum coming to this
Government under the Chinese treaty. The
Attorney General is to pass upon it, and the
Secretary of State is to pay it.
The SPEAKER. It does not even contin-
gently provide for any demand upon the Treas-
ury. It provides for its payment out of a fund
under the Chinese treaty, and if there is no
such fund it will not be paid.
Mr. SPALDING. Let us have the report
read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report of
the committee; and during the reading thereof
the morning hour expired.
question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration ofthe question of privilege pend-
ing at the close of the morning session yester-
day, being the resolutions offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield a few minutes to the
gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. BENTON. The questions which arise
in this discussion are not personal or partisan,
but^ such as -involve the rights, powers, and
duties of both the Senate and the House. We
should therefore divest our minds of all mere
personal considerations. We are not to con-
sider whether we shall vote one man up or
another down, but ever and under all circum-
stances we should so voteand act as to uphold
principle and vindicate the right. I quote the
only provisions of the Constitution affording
us any light upon the subject:
•their. TOtes, which day shall fee the same throughout
theBnited -States.
The President of the Senate shall, in the presence
of tile Senate S,nd House of Representatives, open
all the certificates, and the votes shall then be
coonted."
Who is to' count the votes," and who has au-
thority to decide whether the votes were cast
according to requirements of the Constitution,
and therefore wliether or not they should be
counted? It is now claimed by those who ckn
see nothing objectionable in. the course of the
President of the Senate that by the fair inter-
pretation of the Constitution the President of
fhe Senate alone has that power, and that in
the exercise of it be is in no manner subject
to the control of the Senate and the House.
Now, that position is -manifestly an after-
thought, ;and one directly in conflict with the
action of both the Senate and the House in
providing how the vote of Georgia should ba
counted or disposed of. The concurrent reso-
lution provides how the vote of Georgia shall
be counted or not counted, which the Presi-
dent of the Senate claimed he was bound to
execute or adopt as his rule of action.
Now, it was claimed on the part of the House
that there was a constitutional objection which
was not known at the time of the adoption of
the joint resolution, that did not admit of the
vote of Georgia being counted, inasmuch as
the requirements of the Constitution as to the
time when the vote-should have been cast were
not complied with, the delegates voting as was
proper according to the confederate and not
Federal Constitution, as is said.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabab-
ger] interprets the provision of the Constitu-
tion as to the time when the electors should meet
and vote on the same day throughout the United
States as not directory, but express and im-
perative, which there can be little question is
the true construction; therefore the vote of
Georgia could not be counted without disre-
garding the Constitution. If, then, the con-
current resolution in regard to counting the
vote of Georgia was in conflict with the Con-
stitution, which was to be regarded or obeyed,
that or the Constitution?
But'it is claimed that the House were estopped
from objecting to the vote of Georgia being
counted by the express term's of the resolution
adopted by the House as well as the Senate as
to howthe vote of that State should be treated.
The House, however, did not so interpret the
force and extent of this resolution, for when
the ground of objection disclosed by the papers
was taken, the House voted against the vote
being counted at all, (including both Mr. Bing-
ham and Mr. Shellababger.) Then here was
a plain case of conflict of opinion between the
Senate and the House; and without reference
to the question which was in the right, was it
not an assumption of power which a coordin-
ate branch could not exercise for the Senate
to attempt to decide that the House was bound
to assent to the counting of the vote under any
and all circumstances; and was it not a high-
minded proceeding on the part of the Presi-
dent of the Senate to cut the Gordian knot by
forcing the count through in utter disregard of
the objections, remonstrances, and protests of
the House ? I ought to say perhaps, in justice
to Mr. BingBam, that he voted to reconsider
the vote declaring that Georgia should not be
counted.
To avoid the difficulty and danger of a conflict
between the Senate and the House, or an errone-
ous decision if acting together as a joint conven-
tion, does not the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] go to the more dangerous ex-
treme when he contends that the Constitution
vests the power to determine what votes shall
be counted and what rejected in'the President
of the Senate alone? Was the presiding officer
of any other body ever before claimed to be
anything more than the organ or executive of
the body over which he was called to preside,
and his chief duty to execute and not defeat its
will ? And is it not a bold assumption to claim
that the framers of the Constitution ever in-
tended to lodge the vast power in the hands of
