194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
struction of the Grand Trunk road to Halifax.
While, therefore, it is substantially settled that
the commerce of Asia and Europe is to find its
pathway across this continent, it is by no means
conceded that that pathway is to be upon our
soil, or that its incalculable benefits are to be
enjoyed by our country. Great Britain, ever
on the alert to increase her power and con-
tinue her commercial supremacy, can compete
with us for this great carrying trade by a rail-
road through her own possessions. .That she
will do so unless prevented by our superior
diligence no one who has studied her history
can doubt. In view of these facts, and of the
immense "physical advantages" the United
States enjoy, important considerations arise
in regard to the location of our Pacific rail-
ways.
It is now simply a question of statesman-
ship whether the United States or England
shall monopolize and control the transconti-
nental commerce of the world, and whether
the vast fertile country on our northern border
shall become tributary to us, and" eventually a
part of our own territory, or remain forever
under British dominion.
Commerce seeks the shortest and cheapest
transit, and the nation that can supply these
conditions will control it. We have seen that
the northern route has the advantage of over
six hundred miles iu its connections with the
navigable waters of the Atlantic and Pacific,
and that the distance from Now York to (he
Pacific is four hundred and twenty miles less
by this than by the Central route. In addi-
tion to this important fact it, is also true that
Puget sound is some eight hundred miles
nearer than San Francisco to the principal
Asiatic ports. This last statement is confirmed
by all the well-informed persons Irom the Pa-
cific coast with whom I have conversed on the
subject, and the fact is accounted for by the
prevailing ocean winds and currents, ft is
also conformed by Hon. G. SI. Dodge, chief
engineer of the Union Pacific railroad. In a
report made to that company in December,
1807, urging the adoption of a line to connect
the Union Pacific with Puget sound, Sir. Dodge
says:
"This inland sea includes the whole boilv of water
flowing into the Pacific at the SUaiL-ot'.San J una do
1 uca, and surpasses tile Mediterranean in the safety
ot its navigation and tho security nnd anchorage of
its harbors. i'or all the Ob in a, Japan, and India
trade coming down the Pacific coast it would save
tho water transportation for tlio entire length ot
coast line from tho Stiaits of San Juan do fuea to
San Francisco, as a 11 ships coining fioin China, India,
&c., make our coast near the mouth of the,e ctraits."
Turning to the map of the world wc tind the
Atnoor river taking its iiso in Central Asia and
flowing eastwardly to tha Pacific on a parallel
ot latitude some two or three degrees north of
Pugct sound. This river is navigable for a
distance of two thousand six handled miles
into the interior of that continent. Its most
considerable southern branch, the Sou ng.'iree,
is also navigable to within a few hundred miles
of Pekin. lhe Amoor is the Slississippi of the
East, and through its waters we may have access
by steam to the very heart of the Asiatic conti-
nent. Some conception may be formed of the
commerce soon to spring up on that river from
the fact that at Ivyaehta and Mai-SIat-tschin,
Chinese and Iiaissian trading points, situated
four hundred miles west of its head of navi-
gation, the imports and exports amount to
$21,000,000 per annum. The Chinese trade has
already assumed gigantic proportions. Tho
exports of tea and silk from the single port of
Shanghai for the year ending July 1, 13G0, were
as follows:
m „ Silk,
~ ,-r. .. . Tea, lbs. baUs.
weat Britain  31,621,000 19 034
United States 18.29WJ 1551
Canada  1,172,000 -
France  - 47,000
Total 51,093,000 07,638
The Amoor river, but recently opened to
commerce, is destined at an early day to be-
come the chief outlet for the teas and silks of
China and for the skins, furs, and other com-
modities of Russia. Taking into the account
the ocean winds and currents before referred
to, and the fact that the mouth of this river is
two or three degrees north of the latitude of
the straits of San Juan De Fuca, it is evident
that the western terminus of the northern road
must necessarily be the point at which the
commerce of the country it drains will strike
our shores. Beginning, therefore, at a point
twenty-six hundred milesin theinterior of Asia,
and only a few hundred miles from Pekin, we
will have by way of tho Northern Pacific road
almost an air line of steam communication to
the principal ports of Europe, and only seven-
teen hundred and seventy-five miles of the
entire distance will be by rail. Or, if we esti-
mate the navigable rivers on the line of the
road and having the same general direction
with it, we may, by the construction of an ag-
gregate of only eight hundred and twenty-five
miles of road at different points, as already
shown, furnish connected steam transportation
between the interior of Asia and Liverpool.
If it be true that commerce seeks the shortest
and cheapest transit surely this route is indi-
cated as the great highway of the nations.
But if the English Government shall build
the contemplated road through British Amer-
ica it will have nearly all the advantages of
shortness of line between the waters of the
oceans and also of proximity to the Asiatic
continent, possessed by the Northern Pacific.
If our Government shall neglect the claims of
this road, and Great Britain shall construct
hers, with the advantage over nil others of
more than a thousand miles in distance, aided,
as it will be, by the commercial dominion of
ling-land on the seas, British America, and not
the United States, will own and control the
chief thoroughfare of' the nations. The only
road tliar, can prevent the construction of the
British line, or which can compete with it if
built, will be the Northern. Its prompt con-
struction will indefinitely postpone tho other,
and will in a short time, by means of emigra-,
tion from this country to British America and
the affinities and necessities of trade between
the two localities, peacefully and without ex-
pense annex that country to ours, where it
belongs, and thereby secure forever to the
United States the incalculable advantage of
controlling the channels of the world's com-
merce. We will then be prepared to success-
fully challenge England's boasted commercial
supremacy, and to gather the profits of our
i superior ''physical advantages."
j In addition to the many great'pecuniary
; advantages and benefits to which I have re-
j luned our Pacific railways may be made to
J furnish
.1 SINKING FUND FOR THE PAYMENT OF THK NATIONAL
DEBT.
This proposition contains nothing new or
chimerical. France, Spain, Portugal, Italy,
Austria, and Holland, following (he example
of Belgium, have all adopted a system whereby
their railways furnish a sinking fund for such
purpose. A large portion of the public debt
of all those nations will by the application of
the fund thus raised be extinguished at the
end of various terms of eighty-five, ninety, and
ninety-nine years.
In France it will in less than ninety years
entirely relieve the people of tho whole" bur-
den of the national debt of $2,206,000,000.
This sinking fund is raised in the countries
named by the imposition of a small tax or
duty on the earnings of their roads. Why may
we not act upon this principle, and thereby
make our railways the means of still greater
relief to the tax-payers of the nation? The
principle involved has been found practically
successful in other countries; may it not he
so in ours ? Why shall not those great and
profitable enterprises which demand so largely
, the aid of the people be made to reciprocate
! by assisting directly as well as indirectly to
j bear the burdens of the people? This would
I seem to_ be especially proper and expedient
I when it is borne ill mind that these roads are
! to supply to Europe and Asia the shortest,
quickest, and cheapest means of communi-
cation, and that, in consideration of the
benefits thus to be conferred, it is but just
that the people of those countries should pay
a reasonable tribute.
It would perhaps be improper to attempt it
upon roads built wholly by piivate enterprise
and private capital; but not so in regard to
the Pacific roads, which are so largely aided by
the Government, and which are national in
their character. They are the recipients of
the nation's favors, and it is eminently proper
that they should contribute directly to the
discharge of the national obligations.
A Government tax of only two per cent, on
gross earnings will prove no burden to the
companies and no injury to the business of
the x-oads, but if properly applied as a sinking
fund for the payment of the public debt it will
in a few years produce astonishing results. I
suggest gross earnings instead of net for the
reason that there will be less opportunity for
fraud in making returns.
The average gross earnings of the New York
Central, Pennsylvania, Erie, andMichigan Cen-
tral roads for 1867 were $26,200 per mile.
The aggregate length of their trunk lines to the
Pacific will be, in round numbers, six thou-
sand miles. Their gross earnings, estimated
at the same rate with the four roads justnamed,
will amount to an aggregate of $157,200,000
perannum. This is doubtless far below what
such earnings will be a few years hence ; but
for the purpose of illustrating my proposition
I will estimate them at only §100,000,000 per
annum, on which a Government tax of two
per cent, will yield an annual sinking fund of
S2,000,000. This fund, if invested every year
for ninety years at four per cent, compound
interest, will at the end of that time amount
to §2,580,812,000, a sum exceeding the entire
debt.
If this sinking fund of $2,000,000perammra
be applied aunually to the purchase of United
States bonds drawing four per cent, interest,
; it will in ninety years (if the interest accruing
on all bonds purchased be annually reinvested
in bonds at the same rate) result in placing
in possession of the Government every dollar
of its bonds and in relieving the people of the
entire burden of the debt; provided only that
other means shall be used for the payment of
the interest. In other words, if a sufficient
sum be raised by taxation or otherwise to pay
the interest on the debt, this railway sinking
fund will if it be annually invested and rein-
vested in the manner proposed, in ninety years
absorb the entire principal of the debt.
If, instead of being used as a sinking fund as
just proposed, it be applied when received to
the redemption of the bonds, it of course will
not effect the entire extinguishment of the debt
within the period named, but the relief if. will
afford to the people by the retirement of the
bonds and the consequent reduction of annual
interest will in the aggregate amount to the
same.sum.
Now, sir, I would authorize the funding of
our entire bonded debt into American consols,
having ninety years to run, drawing four per
cent, interest, principal and interest expressly
payable in specie. 1 would then, by a tempo-
rary loan of Government credit properly
j secured, aid the construction of at least two
more roads to the Pacific, and impose upon
them a tax^ such as suggested. The money
raised by.this tax should constitute a sinking
fund, to be applied to the purchase of the four
per cent, consols in the manner prescribed,
the result of which would be an entire absorp-
tion of the debt in ninety years. Certain and
adequate provision being thus made for the
accumulation of a fund sufficient to pay the
debt, capitalists at home and abroad would
readily invest in so desirable a security. While
bearing a higher rate of interest than the debts
of other nations, the security would be equal
to theirs, and the duration of the consols would
commend them to those who desire to invest
on long time. In this way our entire bonded
debt may be speedily funded at four per cent.
