1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
I 'wish to move to lay the whole subject on the
table. But inasmuch as there is some little
feeling on the subject of my obtaining the floor,
I may not do justice perhaps to others in doing
so. 1 will say that if these resolutions shall be
withdrawn, then I will not feel called upon to
make that motion. If not, I shall make it, and
insist upon it. Now, sir, why should we pass
a resolution of the character of the one first
introduced by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler?] What reason is there
for it? It has no application whatever to a
remedy for the wrong complained of. It does
not, nor will it remedy anything that occurred
the other day so that a similar thing shall not
occur in future in this Hall. No good can come
from it, and much harm may be done by its
passage. It does in itself—and no man can
read it but that will say that it does—carry the
censure of this House upon the Presiding Offi-
cer of the joint eonveution. If it is passed
we say to the world, to the country, and to our
constituents that the Presiding Officer of the
joint convention—did what? That he did—
not by accident, for that is excusable ; not by
mistake, for that is excusable in law as well as
morals, but by design—thatwhich was intended
for the purpose of abridging or trampling upon
the rights ofthe members of this House.
Mr. ALLISON. There are some gentlemen
about me who inaist that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has modified his
resolutions since they were originally offered.
I have heard of no such modification.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not yield for any pur-
pose of that kind.
Mr. ALLISON. No; but I want to know.
T rise to a question of order.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not a question of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
tfoes not entertain it as a question of order.
vVhenever the House is called upon to vote on
the resolutions they will be reported at the
Clerk's desk.
Mi-. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, when I was inter-
rupted I was discussing the question whether
'here was anything in th® conduct of the Pre-
siding Officer of the joint convention that would
justify the action that is asked here of this
•louse. So far as the conduct on the part of
members that has been characterized as "dis-
graceful" is concerned I have naught to say. I
ivas sorry to witness the scene that I did witness,
but 1 have naught to say about it. It was an
exciting time. There was some excuse or pal-
liation for the conduct that we witnessed, per-
haps. I did not participate in it, nor did I
sympathize with it on either side, nor do I yet.
But, sir, you aro asked to do what—to censure
whom? To censure a man in the sixty-ninth
year of his age, a man who is the Presiding
Officer of the United States Senate, a man who
was the Presiding Officer of the joint conven-
tion that counted the votes and who declared
that General Grant was elected President and
Schuyler Colfax Vice President. You are
asked to censure a man who has been thirty
years in harness, a man who has done duty in
the vanguard of liberty and freedom for that
time—the old captain of the legions of uni-
versal freedom, upon whose head Heaven has
showered its bouquets of sunshine, and who
stands to-day a great living monument of the
advance of this great age. You are asked to
stretch forth the blighting hand of censure and
wither the flowers that wreath his manly brow,
and to place a thorn in the peace of his future
existence by passing this resolution because he
unintentionally did what some conceive to be
an unintentional wrong.
I ask the members of this House if they are
ready to do this? I ask the members of this
House if they are ready to assign to ignominy
that man who^was born a patriot, has lived a
patriot, and will die a patriot? I ask the mem-
bers oi the House, before they vote mi the reso-
lutions, to cast their eyes on the record of this
venerable patriot. What in all his life has he
done that was intentionally wrong or that de-
serves the censure of this House? He has
done naught. He stood firm as the
ine hills ; when many trembled for our future
he was one of the great pillars that stood
for four years in the United States Senate,
beneath the rocking and reeling fabric of a
mangled and assaulted Constitution. He is
one of the men who reached out their strong
arms and seized the dagger of the assassin as
it was about to be plunged into the vitals of
the Republic of the United States. Yet with
all these facts before us we are asked to do
what, sir? To vote that that man trampled
upon the rights and privileges of this House,
not by accident, not by mistake, not through
ignorance, but, you must presume, by inten-
tion and design.
Now, sir, however much respect I may
have for the opinions of men here, however
much respect I may have for my friend, the
learned gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] however much respect I may have
for the opinions entertained by this House as
a part of that joint convention, still I say to
them that when they ask me to record my vote
where it shall stand for all time, throwing a
dark shade over the sunlight of that old pa-
triot's life, I answer, no, sir; never, never.
What! Censure this old patriot, who was one
of the planters of the great tree of republican-
ism, whose branches spread out far and wide
and embrace within their ample shade every
living being within the confines of this country ?
He nourished that tree until it is large, until
it is broad, until it is tall. And the very
moment this tree comes out of the terrible
storm through which it has passed, stuong
and upright, you ask—what? That the leaves
thereof shall thicken and cast their shade over
the bright sunlight of his former record and
obscure it forever. I say that no such an-
nouncement must be made from these Halls;
no such thing shall ever be heard to resound
or echo from here, that Benjamin Wade, one
of the living patriots of the age, a mati loved
and admired on account ot his honesty, on
account of his iron will, on account of his
integrity—that he shall have a blight cast upon
the fair fame and record he has made from
his childhood until the present day.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. LOGAN. For what purpose?
Mr. KELSEY. In the hope that we may
have peace. I ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butlek] to withdraw the reso-
lutions that he has submitted, and to accept
in lieu thereof what I send to the Clerk's desk
and ask to have read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the read-
ing.
Mr. PRUYN. I have a resolution here
which I would like to have read.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to Its
being read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to its being
read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can be
read as a part of the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want it read as a
part of my remarks.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I object to its being
read unless as a part of the gentleman's re-
marks.
Mr. KELSEY. If the gentleman will yield
to me, it can be read as a part of my remarks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 object. No mem-
ber holding the floor can yield to another
except for the purpose of explaining the mat-
ter under consideration.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield for any ex-
planation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Kelsey] can ex-
plain the matter under consideration in any
way that seems to him pertinent and is not
contrary to the rules.
Mr. KELSEY. Very well; I ask that the
substitute may be read as a part of my remarks.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that.
The proposed substitute was read as follows:
Resolved, That tho subject of an amendment of the
joint rules governing tho convention of the two
Houses of Congress for the purpose of counting the
electoral vote for President and Vice President of
the United States be referred to a select committee
of five, with power to report by bill or otherwise at
any time.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the geniloman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] extend the same cour-
tesy to me, and permit the Clerk to read a
resolution I have prepared ?
Mr. MULLINS. And I will ask to have
mine read.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] withdraw his prop-
osition? That is what I want to know.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I answer,
that in order that we may get at the question
involved in my resolution, I have no pride of
opinion at all in this case. And having had
the question of the rights and privileges of this
House amply discussed, I am ready to accept
the substitute in order that we may be able to
go on with the business of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order, that the resolution offered as a substi-
tute is not privileged, and that the gentleman
cannot get in under cover of a privileged ques-
tion what is not privileged. I submit that the
resolution offered by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] as a substitute is not priv-
ileged.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of the opinion that the original proposition
being a question of privilege any ^substitute
therefor which may be germane to the subject
will be proper as an amendment thereto.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order that the substitute is not germane—not
sufficiently germane to be a matter of privi-
lege.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will rule upon that point whenever the propo-
sition of the gentleman from New York is
offered as a substitute for the resolutions of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] allow me to have aprop-
osition read ?
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot give away all my
time. I certainly have been fully as generous
in that respect as gentlemen usually are. I
cannot yield any further.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
My point is that the resolution as now pro-
posed is not a question of privilege, and 1 ob-
ject to its being entertained.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolu-
tion of the gentleman from New York is not
yet before the House. Whenever it shall be
offered as a substitute for the resolutions of the
gentleman from Massachusetts the Chair will
rule upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understood the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to declare just now
that he m odified his resolutions by accepting the
proposition of the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts was not entitled to
the floor for that purpose; he simply expressed
his willingness to do so. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] is entitled to the floor, and
declines to be interrupted.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I yielded
for the purpose of allowing the gentleman from
New York to have his proposition read, that
the gentleman from Massachusetts might have
ail opportunity to withdraw his resolutions.
Nothing would give me more satisfaction at this
time than to see those resolutions withdrawn.
Why? Because then the whole sting would be
taken out of this proceeding. A vote of the
House would not then be required. But if a
vote of this House is to be taken, I do not be-
lieve there is a man here who can put his hand
upon his heart and say that he is ready to cen-
sure Mr. Wade as having acted from any im-
proper motives. I prefer, as I have just said,
to see the resolutions withdrawn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, oi Massachusetts. Mr.
