1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
plementary to an act entitled " An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bond>, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof." approved June 3,1864, having
met, after fail and free confercnce have disagreed,
and nsk to be discharged from the further considera-
tion ot the subject.
FDR-SEAL.
Mr. ELTOT, of Massachusetts. I ask unan-
imous consent to take from the Speaker's table
the joint resolution of the Senate (S. No. 239)
more effectually to protect the fur-seal in
Alas-ka.
Mr. KERR. I reserve objection.
The joint resolution was taken up and read
a firstand second time. It declares the islands
of St. Paul and St. George, in Alaska, a special
reservation for Government purposes, and until
otherwise provided by law makes it unlawful
for any person to land or remain on either of
them except by the authority of the Secretary
of the Treasury. It further provides that any
person found thereon contrary to the provis-
ions of this resolution shall be summarily re-
moved, and makes it the duty of the Secretary
of War to carry this resolution immediately
into effect.
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. ELfOT, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to say this is only a temporary provision merely
for the purpose of saving the fur-seals from de-
struction till Congress can legislate. Ithasbeen
submitted to the judgment of all the parties
interested in these fisheries, and they all say it
should be passed until there is some legislation.
Mr. KERR, I think we had better pass this
by till the House is full, so that we can hear a
more general expression of opinion in regard
to its propriety.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I then move
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER,. There is evidently no
quorum present.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection. I can
assure him there is nothing in this resolu-
tion that is not entirely right. It merely pro-
vides that these two islands, where there is
nothing but seals, shall be reserved until Con-
gress can legislate on the subject. The object
is to keep people off who have no right there.
It will save hundreds of thousands of dollars,
besides preserving these animals from destruc-
tion.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. MALLORY. Is there not another res-
olution on the table in regard to this same
matter?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. There is a
long bill from the Senate regulating the killing
of the fur-seal. If that should be reached in
its order I am instructed by the committee to
report a substitute, which is also long, and
which it would be impossible to pass at this
session. Persons are now going out to these
islands, and unless Congress does something
it will soon be impossible to save these animals
from destruction.
Mr. McCORMICK. Does not this resolu-
tion give the Secretary of the Treasury power
to appoint a few friends to go there?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Itdoesnot.
The Secretary of the Treasury has no power
by the law as it now stands to permit the killing
of any fur-bearing seal.
Mr. McCORMICIv. But this resolution
gives him the authority.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. No, sir; it
does not. It merely gives him authority to
prevent persons from going there until Con-
gress shall act. By the law which was passed
last year the Secretary of the Treasury is pro-
hibited from permitting persons to go there
for the purpose of killing the fur-seal.
Mr. HARDING. But this joint resolution
says they may go there by permission of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. But not for
the purpose of killing seal.
Mr. HARDING. It does not say for what
purpose they may go there.
Mr. SCOFIELD. At threeo'clock this after-
noon we begin a new session of Congress, which
I apprehend may be a long one. I know there
are some members nowabsent who are opposed
to this joint resolution.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. It is to
protect the fur-bearing seal of Alaska.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We have no quorum pres-
ent now. There is no need of getting out of
breath in regatd to this joint resolution, be-
cause if it is all right, as the gentleman says,
we shall have time enough to pass it at the
next session. If I understand the reading of
the joint resolution it provides that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall take pos-
session of these two islands simply as Govern-
ment reservations. For what?
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. There is
nothing valuable there but seals, and this is to
prevent persons from going there and killing
them until Congress shall take action upon the
subject.
The question was taken upon the passage of
the joint resolution ; and upon a division, there
wgre—ayes CO, noes 19 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Eliot,of Mas-
sachusetts, and Mr. Spalding, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 95, noes 18.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not often ask this
House, and I never shall again ask it, to hear
me by way of personal explanation. I wish to
say to the House that in some remarks which
I made in Committee of the Whole the other
day, when the miscellaneous appropriation
bill was pending, I said in regard to some
items of appropriation for the jFreedmen's
Bureau that they had found their way into the
bill without the concurrence of the majority of
the Committee on Appropriations, and that I
was instructed by the committee to move to
strike them out. That statement was all cor-
rect. I further said that those items were
placed in the bill by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations for his own purpose,
what I did not know; that he was then sick
and I could not get information upon the sub
ject from him.
Now, I understand that the impression is
sought to be made that I impugned the motives
and conduct of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. Sir, nothing was fur-
ther from my intentions. 1 have been associ-
ated with that gentleman here for six years, and
our friendship has been of a very warm and
ardent character. Although we sometimes dif-
fered I have always had the utmost confidence
in him, and I would be the last man on this
floor to impugn his motives. And to show that
he was entirely justified in putting those items
in the bill I have since become convinced that
I was mistaken, that the appropriations were
proper and necessary, that the public interest
required that they should be made, and they
were last night put in the appropriation. I
say this to exonerate the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations from any imputation
that my remarks the other day might seem to
convey.
ENROLLED BILLS, ETC., SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
billsand joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 723) to provide for the exe-
cution in the District of Columbia of commis-
sions issued by tlie courts of the States and
Territories of the United States or of foreign
nations, and for taking depositions to be used
in such suits;
An act (S. No. 860) for the relief of Wright
Duryea ;
An act (S. No. 896) confirming certain pur-
chases of lands in the Ionia district, Michigan,
made by Charles H. Rodd and Andrew J.
(Jampean ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 195) requiring
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to transfer certain money; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 238) extending
the time for the completion of the first twenty
miles of the Cairo and Fulton railroad.
ADMISSION TO TUB CAPITOL.
Mr. COBURN. I submit the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question :
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be authorized to
open Lhe doors of the House win? of the Capitol for
the admission of the people to the galleries.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the resolution should be modified by strik-
ing out "Doorkeeper" and inserting " Ser-
geant-at-Arms and the police."
Mr. COBURN. With the consent of the
House I will modify the resolution in the man-
ner suggested by the Chair.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to ask my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Coburn] a question. Will it not
happen that after twelve o'clock our order will
be powerless here, because this Congress will
have expired?
Mr. COBURN. Well, let the people be
admitted till twelve o' clock at any rate.
Mr. PAINE. Is there not danger that they
may be removed by the Senate after thattime?
Mr. COBURN. I desire that the people
shall be allowed to come in out of the rain.
The Senate has bad manners enough to keep
them out. This is the people's House, and
they are entitled to come in here.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to:
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was adopted ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS WILLAMETTE RIVER.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table and put upon its passage a small bill of
much importance to the people of Oregon. I
think the measure, after it has been read, will
not be objected to. The title of the bill to
which I refer is an act (S. No. 895) giving the
consent of the United States to the erection of
a bridge across the Willamette river, in Oregon,
from the city of Portland to the east bank of
said river.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which there will be an opportunity for
objection to its consideration.
The bill was read. The first section provides
for giving the consent, of the U nited States to the
corporation of thecity of Portland, in the State
of Oregon, to erect or cause to be erected a
bridge, with diverging roadways and footways
and double draws, over and acioss the Willa-
mette river, between the city of Portland and
the east bank of said river, at any time within
six years after the passage of this act. The
bridge is to be so constructed and built as not
to obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the
navigation of the river ; and in order to secure
a compliance with these conditions the corpo-
ration, association, or company proposing to
erect the same, previous to commencing the
construction of the bridge, is to submit to the
Secretary of War a plan of the bridge, with a
detailed map of the river at the proposed site
of the bridge and for the distance of a mile
above and below the site, exhibiting the depths
and currents at all points of the same, together
with all other information touching the bridge
and river as may be deemed requisite by the
Secretary of War to determine whether the
bridge when built will conform to the pre-
scribed condition of the bill, not to obstruct,
impair, or injuriously modify the navigation of
the river. The Secretary of War is authorized
to detail an officer to superintend the survey
and examination of the river with a view to
the location.
The second section authorizes and directs
the Secretary of War, upon receiving such plan
and map and other information, and upon
being satisfied that a bridge built on such plan
and at'that locality will conform to the pre-
