1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GUOBE.
195
interest, which reduction of interest will at
once diminish the current expenses of the
Government more than S42,000,000perannum.
The effect therefore of this proposition, if
adopted, will be to reduce the taxation of the
p-ople to the extent ot' 542,000,000 per an-
num, and at, the same time provide a sinking
fund that will ultimately relieve tliem of the
entire harden of the debt.
The fact, therefore, that we have an im-
mense debt, which these roads will so largely
assist in paying is one of the strongest argu-
ments in j'avor of the aid proposed. We have
already seen that the burden of the debt de-
creases in exactly the same ratio that the
national wealth increases. The relation of the
debt to our present property is as one dollar
to twelve dollars. Double tiie amount of
national wealth, and it will be as fifty cents of
debt to twelve dollars of property. In other
words, the increase of property one hundred
per cent, is equivalent to the decrease of the
burden of the debt fifty per cent.; that is to
sav, the addition of SI,200,000,000 to the wealth
of the nation is equivalent to the actual pay-
ment of §50,000,000 on the debt. In the same
manner and in the same ratio the increase of
wealth will diminish the burden of annual
interest on the debt. Hence, while by the con-
struction of these roads the national wealth
will be increased many hundred millions, and
the burden of annual interest will be thereby
proportionately diminished, they may also be
made to furnish a sinking fund which, prop-
erly applied, will greatly refiuce the rate of
interest and finally pay the debt itself.
Of course this system cannot be adopted
unless the tax to be imposed shall be the same
on all the Pacific roads, including those already
aided by the Government. To impose it upon
one and not upon all would lie to make a dis-
tinction that would work injuriously. There
will be, I apprehend, no practical difficulty on
this point.
in calculating the period within which the
proposed sinking fund will extinguish the debt
1 have assumed that the interest on our bonded
debt is to be reduced to four per cent, if the
rate should be higher the time required for
such absorption would be proportionately
slioi ter.
I have assumed that the probable gross earn-
ings of the Pacific roads will be for the next
ninety years $10,000 per mile less than the
present average aggregate earnings of the New
York Central, Erie, Pennsylvania, and Michi-
gan Central roads. A moment's consideration
will show that this estimate is unreasonably
low. Forty-one years ago the entire tonnage
crossing the Alleghany mountains both ways
did not exceed thirty million pounds per annum.
Thirty-two years ago the annual tonnage com-
ing from the West through the Erie canal
amounted to only one hundred and twelve
million pounds. The Commissioner of the
General Laud Office states, in his recent able
report, that " wagon freights to the Pacific are
now estimated at two hundred and thirty thou-
sand tons (four hundred and sixty million
pounds) per annum," an amount fifteen times
greater than the tonnage crossing the Alle-
ghany mountains in 1827, and more than four
hundred per cent, in excess of the tonnage
from the West through the Erie canal in 1830.
Within the last ten years the business of all
the railroads in the United States has increased
from one hundred to six hundred percent. At
this rate of increase how shall we estimate
the probable earnings of these great inter-
oceanic thoroughfares, when, thirty years hence
the transcontinental and local business of a
nation numbering one hundred million people
and owning two hundred and fifty billion dol-
lars of property shall be poured upon them?
And to all this must be added the trade of
China. Japan, India, and Europe, " a trade
along whose slow and painful track, when it
was conducted by beasts of burden and by
oars and sails, instead of by the iron-horse
and ocean steamship, great cities sprang up
in the deseit sands of Asia and on the coast
of the Mediterranean. Babylon, Nineveh, Pal-
myra, Bagdad, Damascus, Constantinople,
Alexandria, liome, Venice, Genoa, and Lon-
don are the outgrowth of this trade in former
centuries"—a trade that will hereafter " found
such cities in the new, healthful, and inviting
regions through which its flow is destined to
enrich the world ; and Oregon and Washing-
ton as well as California, Montana as well
as Utah, will hereafter have their San Pran-
ciscos, Chieagos, St. Louises, Cincinnatis, and
New Yorks—great emporia of an internal
commerce heretofore unknown, as well as of
the world-encircling commerce of the Indies."
Some conception of the extent of this traffic
may be formed from the fact that even now,
while it finds its tedious way around the Cape
of Good Hope, across the Isthmus of Suez, or
by weary and painful caravan routes across the
eastern continent, its estimated amount is
$300,000,000per annum; and also by the fact
stated in the '"ParliamentaryPapers" of 1800,
volume twenty-six, that the importations of tea
alone into Great Britain from China and Ja-
pan for three years were, for 1803, 130,803,218
pounds; for 1804, 124,359,243 pounds; for
1805, 121,150,712 pounds ; total, 382,319,173
pounds.
In view of all these facts I submit that a tax
of two per cent, on the gross earnings of these
roads will long before the expiration ot the
present century be far more likely to exceed
$(>,000,000 per annum than to fall below
$2,000,000 ; and hence the payment of the debt
may be in this way effected much earlier than
the time named.
[ have said that the northern route seems
to have been pointed out by the hand ol nature
as the great highway of the nations, in the
words of Governor Fuller, "The road, as pro-
jected, follows the wavy outline of the iso-
thermal temperate zone of the northern hemi-
sphere, along which civilization makes the
circuit of the globe. This zone contains the
zodiac of empires. Along its axis appear the
great cities of the world. Along this belt,
encircling the globe, we discover the chief cen-
ter of intelligence and power and the greatest
intensity of energy and progress. Along this
axis, hardly varying one hundred leagues,
civilization has tiaveled as by an inevitable
instinct since creation's dawn." In its topo-
graphical and meteoiologieal conditions, also,
this route appears peculiarly adapted to the great
purpose for which it was evidently designed.
Oceans, lakes, and rivers seem to be located
for its advantage. The rough and rocky sum-
mits of the mountains are depressed to afford
it a convenient passage. Warm breezes trom
the .southern oc*. an meet the tempered winds
from the east in its mountain passes and dif-
fuse over them a mild and iiealthiul climate.
Ocean currents and winds sweeping over the
Pacific from the southwest force the commerce
of Asia to its western depot, while one of the
finest inland seas of the world ahorus that
commerce a safe and convenient anehoiage.
Now, sir, in addition to ail these physical
advantages, we have seen that this enterprise
will require no outlay ot money by t he Govern-
ment, but, on the other hand, it will diminish
the public expenditures, and, by the develop-
ment of our immense resources, vastly enlarge
the basis of public credit, augment the national
revenues, and thereby reduce the public bui-
dens. The people understand these things, and
hence their anxiety that Congress shall prove
equal to the high statesmanship which can dis-
cern the great futuie befoie us. State Legis-
latures have memorialized us to aid it.^ _ Boards
of Trade in nearly all the principal cities have
indorsed it. And but a few days ago the Na-
tional Boaid of Trade, which met at Cincin-
nati, representing the opinions and wishes of
the shrewd, conservative merchants, manu-
facturers, and other business men and tax-
payers of nearly every city in the union,
resolved, with great unanimity, " that this
national convention earnestly urges upon Con-
gress the patriotic duty of granting immediate
and adequate aid to perfect our system ot
Pacific railroads," which ''system," the res-
olution says, requires the construction of both
the Northern and Southern lines. It is de-
manded by the whole people: by the merchant,
because it will enlarge the area of his trade;
by the manufacturer, because it will increase
the denand for his products; by the farmer,
because it will afford him a market; by the
miner, because it will enable him to command
the appliances necessary to success; by the
laborer, because it wiil enlarge the fieid of
labor, enhance the value of its products, and
necessarily increase its compensation; by the
enlightened statesman and true political econo-
mist, because it will augment the public wealth
and diminish the public burdens; by the phi-
lanthropist, because it will afford a peaceful
solution of our Indian troubles ; by the patriot,
because he discerns in it and in kindred enter-
prises the true secret of national prosperity
and progress.
Gentlemen may imagine that a pompous pre-
tense of economy will blind the eyes of their
constituents and increase their own temporary
popularity; but let them be assured that they
who presume upon the ignorance of the people
will find themselves sadly disappointed. The
people of this Ilepublie are proud of her. They
know her resources and are determined to de-
velop them. They foresee the grandeur and
glory to which she may attain and resolve to
realize them. Development is the watchword
of the century! In the world's great onward
march America must keep step to the drum-
beat of the nations, or fail behind a disgraced
straggler from the ranks. We may, by our
narrow views and mistaken ideas of economy,
retard, but we cannot wholly obstruct the na-
tion's progress.
By that economy which we all profess; by
that progress of which we are all proud; and
in the name of the people whom we serve, I
appeal to gentlemen to give this enterprise
their support.
MIliHTS OK LABOR.
Mr. CAItY. Mr. Chairman, being indebte
for my place in this House to the workingmen
of my district, it is both my privilege and my
duty to present, the views of those whom I have
the honor to represent-—a privilege because
I am proud of my constituency, and a duty the
more imperative because I am the only itepre
seutative elected in the distinctive interests of
the industrial classes independent of party
politics.
Who are these workingincn wdioare claiming
tobe a political power, and what are the wrongs
of which they complain, rendering combina-
tion on their part necessary or desirable? In
our definition of workingmen we embrace all
who are engaged in productive industry; all
who are in good taith obeying the Divuie decree
by eating In cad in the sweat of their own face-,,
and not" living upon the honest earnings of
others. Not those only who open up and cul-
tivate farms, build cities, construct railroads,
and toil in workshops, but those, also, who by
i intellectual labor extract the principles ot
science from the great arcana of nature, and
give them practical form of ait and direct the
haudof industry. In short, every human being
who, by physical or intellectual labor, contrib-
utes to the substantial wealth of the nation
and aids in making ''the wilderness and soli-
tary place blossom like the rose.'5
Those who sent me here and multiplied thou-
sands of others in sympathy with them believe
that too much of our legislation, State _aud
national, is in the direct interest of capital;
that the grasping and insatiable demands of
the money power secure improper advantages
over the laboring classes ; that the interests of
the toiling millions are subordinated to those
of the few who possess wealth. The great-
majority of our woikmgmen are poor, and how-
ever provident they may be, unless tiiev engage
i:i some scheme of speculation by which tliey
can appropriate to themselves the earnings
ot others they live and die poor. Ihere is
something wrong when honest, persevering,
y
