1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
scribed conditions of this bill, not to obstruct,
impair, or injuriously modify the navigation
of the river, to notify the corporation, associa-
tion, or company proposing to erect the same
that he approves the same; and upon receiv-
ing such notification the corporation, associa-
tion, or company may proceed to the erection
of the bridge, conforming strictly to the ap-
proved plan and location. But until the Sec-
retary of War approve the plan and location
of the bridge and notify the corporation, asso-
ciation, or company of the same, the bridge
shall not be built or commenced.
The third section authorizes and empowers
the corporation of the city of Portland, so far
as Congress ha3 the power to grant the same,
to make such rules and regulations for the care
of the bridge, and for the regulation and col-
lection of tolls for crossing on the same, as
they shall deem just and reasonable.
The SPEAKEK,. is their objection to the
consideration of the bill at this time ?
Mr. BAKEIl. I object.
NEW YORK AND LONDON TELEGRAPH.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask that the House, by
unanimous consent, take from the Speakers
table Senate bill No. 731, to authorize the New
York, Newfoundland, and London Telegraph
Company to land its submarine cable upon the
shores ot the United States. It is a bill to
which I think no one can object.
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize the New York, Newfoundland, and Lon-
don Telegraph Company to land one or more
submarine cables upon the shores of the Uni-
ted States at such place or places as may from
time to time appear to the directors of the said
company to be most convenient, and to main-
tain and work such cable or cables for the
transmission of messages and intelligence be-
tween the United States and Europe, or at any
of the intermediate places during the existence
of the charter of the company.
The SPEAKER. Js there objection to the
consideration of this bill at the present time?
Mr. KERR. I object. It is an exceedingly
important bill, and ought to be brought up at
some time when it can be more deliberately
considered than now.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of considering the bill at this
time.
Mr. Eliot, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to any debate unless
it is open for all members of the House. This
is an entire monopoly.
Mr. ELDltlDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Kebr and
Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes (i1.
So (two thirds not having voted in theaffirm-
ative) the House refused to suspend the rules.
mkssigk prom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. GoiiiiAM, its Secretary, notifyingtheHor.se
that that body insisted on its amendment to
House joint resolution No. ITS, i« relation to
the lands and other property of \Y. W. Cor-
coran in the District of Columbia used by the
United States Government during and since
the war of the rebellion, disagreed to by the
House, and agreed to the committee of confer-
ence asked hv the Hou.se on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses theron, and had ap-
pointed Mr. 1I.uu.an", Mr. Patterson* of New
Hampshire, and Mr. Vjckkhs as the managers
of said conference on its part.
pubuc affaiks in maryland.
Mr. TIIOMAS, by unanimous consent, asked j
and obtained leave for the Committee on the j
Judiciary to tile a majority and minority re-
port, to be printed -with the testimony taken
concerning public affairs in Maryland.
plthhc affairs in delaware.
Mr. LAWREXCK, of Ohio, asked and ob-
tained the same leave concerning public affairs
in Delaware.
WILLAMETTE RIVER BRIDGE.
Mr. MALLORY moved to take from the
Speakers table Senate bill No. 895. giving the
consent of the United States to the erection of
abridge across the Willamette river, in Oregon,
from the city of Portland to the east bank of
said river.
There wasno objection; and the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time. The bill
was then ordered to a third reading ; and it was
accordingly read the third time*, and passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT SNELLING MILITARY RESERVATION'.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker. Iask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
for consideration at this time a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 211) for setting apart a portion of
the Fort Snelling military reservation for a per-
manent military post and the settlement of all
claims in relation thereto.
I feel, Mr. Speaker, that if that resolution
fails now from lack of time it will be pressed
on every succeeding Congress in some plausi-
ble form until it is passed, and that under it a
great fraud will be perpetrated upon the Gov-
ernment. I feel, therefore, that I cannot better
employ the few remaining momentsof my offi-
cial career on this floor than in explaining the
true character of the resolution, and so amend-
ing it that the opinion of the House will be
clearly expressed on the questions involved in
it and will prevent it from ever coming back
here.
In 1857, under the administration of James
Buchanan, the Secretary of War, the notoiious
John B. Floyd, consummated a pretended sale
of the Fort Snelliug military reservation in the
State of Minnesota. He did so under the pro-
visions of sectiou four of an act of Congress of
March 3, 1857, in reference to the sale of mili-
tary posts. The law gave the Secretary author-
ity to sell any military posts "which are or may
become useless for military purposes/' Under
this law he sold, or pretended to sell, this mili-
tary reservation, then used as a United States
fort, and which is now used as such. General
Sherman, in his official report of the March
10, 1S68, says :
"Fort Snelling is valuable to us : the Government
promptly took it back when the war revealed its u>e
as a depot for the collection ol voluuteei tioops, ami
on all futuie occasions when troops are needed any-
where north or west of this Fort Sueliing will be
found the natural point.'' * * * ' • "Fo:t
Snelling will always be a military point from which
troops and supplies can be handled ior use on the
northern frontier, and should never be told.'5
Hence it appears by the testimony of one of
the highest officers in our Army that this fort
is not "useless for military purposes/' and
never was. General Terry, commanding in that
district, says:
" Fiom personal inspection and a study of the re-
lations of the site with regard to the region of coun-
try round about to tiie sources of ihe Mississippi and
to our northern national boundary, I am clearly of
opinion that Fort inciting, with its present reduced
boundary, should be held by the United States lor-
ever."
The whole sale, therefore, was fraudulent
and void ab initio. It could not be made under
the provisions of the act of March 3. 1817.
How was it made? It was a private sale,
made under circumstances of the greatest se-
crecy, under the pretense that open competi-
tion'by numerous bidders would cheapen the
price 1 The evidence shows that the sale was
conducted with such secrecy that the very ofli-
cers in command of the fort did not know that
any such sale had been made until it was ap-
proved by Floyd. And this was in the face of
the fact that Floyd claimed that he directed the
commissioners as follows:
"Have it carefully surveyed first, divide*! into Ion
of forty acres ea'di. The oly ec. t h to obtain the nirge-t
amount tor the Govei nuient and give all w ho dc^u e
U an oppoituiut} to pun-ha^e."
As soou as tbe diameter of the salt* wa*
known, to wit, on the l^th of January^
a resolution vvai passed by the Mouse of Rep-
resentatives creating a special committee to
investigate the sale ; and the committee passed
the following resolution:
" ftexolvfiA. Th>*t the ehairman of this committee
call upon tfte President of the United S:ate& and
Seeretary oi War and leque&t that noiitleshall be
executed to the par'y m.iking purchase of the mili-
tary reservation at Fort Snelling until this commit-
tee shall have closed its investigation and the House
shall have acted thereon."
Immediately after the sale, however, the Sec-
retary of War issued the following order;
[Special Order Xo. 109—Extract.]
War Department,
Adjutant Gexeeai/s Office,
Washington, July 31.1857.
1. The first installment of the purchase money of
Fort Snelliug having been paid into the Treasury
the military reservation and property pertaining
thereto, excepting the fort and other buildings which
are required ior the use of the troops atthepo>t, wili
be put m the immediate possession of Mr. Franklin
Steele. The military post will be maintained until
further order?.
By order of the Secretary of War:
S. COOPER,
Adjutant General.
This order shows, first, that the fort could
not be dispensed with and had not " become
useless;" and, secondly, that Mr. Steele, the
purchaser, did not receive pos&ession of the
fort and buildings, but of the part of the res
ervation not necessary for military purposes.
What did Mr. Steele pay for the reservation ?
There are about seven thousand acres em
braced in it. He agreed to pay $00,000, in
three installments, or about twelve dollars per
acre. He really paid but $30,000, and that is
all he has ever paid or everiatends to pay. But
he claims that after having paid at the rate of
$-1 '20 per acre for the seven thousand acres of
land he will pay the balance by renting the
property to the United States. 1 doubt, if any-
thing quite equal to this has ever before been
heard of in the history of our legislation. Here
is his "little bill :7J
The Vnited States to Franklin Steele, Dr.
To use and occupation of Fort Snelling reservation
for military purposes trom April 24, 1861.  o Jan-
uary 24, 1868, eighty-one months, at $2,000 per
month $162,00U
Cs.
By balance of purchase money for reserva-
tion unpaid  60,000
Balanee unpaid  102.000
January 24,1S64.
It should be embalmed as the coolest prop-
osition of the century.
Here Mr. Steele gets into pretended posses-
sion of United States property under a pre-
tended sale for which there was no authority
in law. and instead of paying the amount, ot
$60,000 due by him he claims rent of the Uni-
ted States for occupying its own military post,
and wants a little balance of $102,000 besides.
Now, Mr. Speaker, lam willing to treat Mr.
Steele fairly and equitably. I am willing he
bhouid be repaid his 830,000 and interest
thereon, deducting all rents, issues, and profits
. ieeeived by him fiom the reservation. This is
substantially the view taken by General Sher-
man. I am willing that all that portion of the
reservation not needed for militarv purposes
should be sold and the balance found due Mr.
Steele be paid hiiu out of the proceeds of such
sale, if I have an opportunity I shall move
to amend the joint resolution by stiiking out
all after the resolving clause and inserting as
follows :
That the Srt?retary of War is hereby directed to
designate and set apart so mui.li of the Fot t Snelling
military reservation, in the* State oi ^Minnesota. as
shall be retained by the Government for military,
purposes; and that after giving public notice t.iereoi
he shall pi ueeed to sell at public auction nil the resi-
due ot Mich military leservation, at a piioe not les>
; than uiteen dollars per acre and in quantities not
greater than one hundred and sixty atio< to any <>ne
pei*on, upon the lollowing terms : one iouiih of the
purchase money to be paid at the tune ot puieha.-e
and the remainder in ten annual installment-, uith
intere.-t at the iar^ of six p< r cent per annual. And
the Sk't-ietaiy or War !- hereby diioeted to t <v-t J. out
of the piei i'v'.U or >aid sale, the Mini ot c Y>,oU0 paid
b\ Fiankim Steele on the 2~> h of July. lvT, uvler a
pretended ^ar* made to him b\ John I>. Fh'vd, thou
>evreri.r\ ot Wai,v,nh mu-n-.-t thereon, deducting
thei ef:v;;i ail ivnl—lies, and pnuus uveivcd by
the fuiil ^teei«' n.un'ho re.-ervatnm .-mcc the date
of said pietende 1 -ate.
