496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
patient, industry, with temperanee, frugality,
and economy, brings nothing but a scanty sub-
sistence. 1 believe with just and equal laws,
impartially administered, the sons aud daugh-
ters of toil would receive a share of their pro-
ductions beyond a meager living. It is a
matter of common observation that the rich are
rapidly increasing in wealth, while the poor are
as speedily becoming more abject. How is
this anti republican tendency of things to be
arrested, or shall we go backward and down-
ward until the industrious poor become the
mere vassals of a bloated aristocracy ?
The great ahd good Lincoln truthfully said:
" Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never
have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is
the superior of capital, and deserves much the hightr
consideration."
He said of workingmen :
," Letthom bo ware of surrendering a political power
which they already possess, and which, if surren-
deied, will surely be used to close the door of ad-
vancement against such as they, and to fix new dis-
abilities upon them until all of iiberty be lost."
These wise words of one of the noblest men
in human history should be heeded by those
in whose behalf they were spoken.
The tendency of capital is to centralize,
monopolize, aud control, and as money is
power, its exactions are responded to by legis-
lators. That capital should own labor was the
foundation on which the advocates of African
slavery based their theory of a perfect social
organization. They asserted that to attain a
high Christian civilization there must be a
privileged class, supported by the sweat and
toil of others. Senator Hammond, of South
Carolina, was a fearless and able advocate of
this doctrine. In a speech of great ioree and
power lie made some stiictures 011 northern
society which are quite suggestive. In speak-
ing of the laborers of the iMorth he character-
ized them as "white slaves and the mudsills
of society, who perform the drudgery of life,
which requiies but a low order of intellect and
V;but little skill, its chief requisites being vigor,
docility, fidelity." He says:
"Tliut class you must have, or you will not have
that, other cl;iss which leads progress, civilization,
and refinement. It constitutes the mudsill of society
and of political government, and you rnigtit as well
attempt to build a house in the air as to build either
the one or tho other except on tins mudsill. We do
not think that whites should bo slaves either by law
_or necessity. Our shivos are black, of another and
inferior race; yours are white, ot your own race.
You are brothers of ono blood; thoy are your
equals m natural endowment ot intellect, and they
led galled by their degradation. Our slaves do not
vote; weghethem no political power. Yours do
vote, and are tho depositaries of all your politic-il
power. If they knew tho tremendous secret that
the ballot-box is stronger than an army and would
combine, where would you be ? Vour societv wouid
be reconstructed."
This speech contains a valuable lesson to
the laborers of the nation. By the simple
logic of events, by the overthrow of African
slavery, by unequal tax laws, by the establish-
ment of monopolies, by the granting of special
privileges, by banking systems, by ten thou-
sand ways in which capital appropriates the
products of labor without an equivalent, the
masses are being brought to an appreciation
of their humbled condition. They are learn-
ing in the school of experience that the ballot-
box is stronger than an army; and I mistake the
signs ot the times if the day is not near when
our "whiteslaves" will reconstruct society.
Our terrible civil war has stricken the
shackles from the limbs of black men, but
slavery has been destroyed only in form. Its
spirit still exists and rules with despotic swav.
Money does not, own the flesh and muscles and
bones, but it is the legalized master of labor and
appropriates its products with a merciless and
insolent power. It has been said that revolu-
tions never go backward, and we may therefore
hope that the full results of the late civil strife
will not be attained until our northern " mud-
sills, " our white slaves, are emancipated. Labor
u mons are springing into existence inspired with
a lofty and resolute purpose to assert and main-
tain the rights of labor. The inquiry is being
made why it is that those " who rise early, sit
up late, and eat the bread of carefulness." are
but little better than mendicants, while the
few who live in vicious idleness fare sumptu-
ously every day. The divine law, "if a man
does not work neither shall he eat" has been
abrogated, and the man who does not work
has everything1 to eat, while the hardest worker
often goes supperless to bed.
If white men and women are not bought and
sold, they gnaw the bones, eat the crumbs, and
wear the cast-off garments of idle and luxurious
capitalists. There is, from some cause, an un-
fair distribution of the products of labor between
non-producing capital and producing labor.
We are told that thus it has ever been ; men
of money have appropriated in their own way
and upon their own terms labor and its pro-
ductions ; that there always will be the rich
and the poor, and the latter the servant of the
former. I am no agragian, no advocate of an
equal division of property or of any division
but such as providence and improvidence, in-
dustry and idleness, intelligence and ignorance,
virtue and vice, create. I am alike opposed
to all legislation which discriminates in favor
of accumulated wealth. The creation of all
monopolies, whether in land or money, is an
imposition on the rights of labor and in viola-
lation of the spirit of our free institutions. I
believe that a Government which has the right
to conscript a poor man and put him in the
ranks to light its battles and dictate to him the
wages he shall receive has an equal right to
seize the rich man's purse to pay the man in the
ranks and dictate the rate of interest he shall
receive for the use of his money. The rights
of persons should be as sacred as the rights of
property, and a forced loan, with or without
interest, is as justifiable as a conscript law.
I propose to refer more specifically to some
of the wrongs of which the workingmen com-
plain, and against which we will protest at the
ballot-box, and through the political parties or
in spite of them will emancipate ourselves,
or in the expressive language of Senator
Hammond, "reconstruct society."
In the first place we demand a thorough and
radical change in the policy of Congress in
relation to the disposition of the public do-
main. In the ownership of the soil lies the
foundation of civilization, liberty, and pro-
gress, and our existence as a Republic depends
much upon a thorough distribution of the
lands among the people. It is said that twelve
men own one half the land in Scotland, one
hundred and fifty persons one half of England,
and four per cent, of our population own one
half of the property in this country. Richard
Carlisle says:
"On tho^question of the monopoly of the land I
am ciccided that it is the master evil in our political
condition.
Workingmen claim that the public lands are
the common property of the whole people; that
Congress is only the trustee, and as such is
transcending its powers when it undertakes to
grant these lands to railroads or convey them
to speculators and land pirates. We claim that
they should be disposed of only to actual settlers
in small quantities, and at a minimum price.
"The heavens are the Lord's, but the earth He
hath given to the children of men," and who-
ever wishes to build himself a home and erect
an altar under the protection of our flag should
be allowed to select a spot anywhere upon the
public domain. With equal right might the at-
mosphere be bottled and the sunshine barreled
up aud sold out in lots to suit purchasers as the
earth to be hacked in pieces and withheld from
its rightful owners.
Within a few years Congress has given of
the people's patrimony to various western and
southern States to aid in the construction of
railroads fifty-seven million acres; for canals
and other public improvements, seventeen
million more. In 1862 Congress granted to
the States, for the endownent of agricultural
colleges, thirty thousand acres for each Senator
and .Representative in Congress, making in all
nine millions six hundred thousand acres, or
enough to make ten States larger than .Rhode
Island. What has become ot these lands, and
where are the schools of agriculture ? The land
scrip has been sold to speculators at prices
ranging from thirty to .eighty cents per acre.
One individual purchased a half .million acres,
and one firm in my own State bought and
advertises for sale two aud a half million acres.
Schools of learning are yet to be endowed upon
the pittance obtained for the land scrip. Land
monopolies are far more certain to be estab-
lished than colleges 1
The Pacific railroad, a giant monopoly
which may yet make Presidents and dictate the
legislation of the Republic, has or will receive
by the criminal prodigality of Congress, in
addition to enormous subsidies in bonds, one
hundred and twenty-four million acres ofiaud;
enough to make four States larger than New
York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana. How
these subsidies in bonds and lands were pro-
cured and who are the parties beneficially
interested may yet be a subject of investiga-
tion. I understand that a hungry swarm of
railroad adventurers now fill these lobbies who
are pressing their patriotic claims to a large
share of theremainingunappropriated territory.
Congress, holding the public lands in trust
for the landless poor, has already voted away
an area of country larger by five millions of
acres than the six New England States, New
York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, and Ohio. It may be
necessary for the development of our national
resources and make the public lands access-
ible that these great highways of travel and
commerce should be constructed, and Govern-
ment aid may be indispensable to secure their
construction. If so, let the proceeds of land
sales to actual occupants or bonds or money
be appropriated, but not the fee-simple of the
lands. The advocates of the congressional
policy tell us that the landless poor may still
iind good lands at the low price of one dollar
and a quarter per acre within convenient dis-
tance of these railroads. The fact is, how-
ever, that as soon as a road is projected keen
speculators at once buy up all the desirable
lands within a reasonable distance and hold
them at prices beyond the reach of the poor
pioneer, and he is driven still further back to
find a home. When he has opened up his
farm the railroad speculators derive greater
benefit than he from his labor by the en-
hanced value of their more accessible lands,
and he is contributing to make their broad
acres still more unavailable to the settler of
limited means. In the name of the landless
million I protest against the creation of land
monopolies. In their name and as their rep-
resentative I ask that every acre not already
squandered and every acre that may be
acquired by purchase or theft from the Indians
be sacredly set apart for homesteads.
Great as are the evils of land monopoly, and
however necessary legislative reform may be to
secure the rights of the landless in the soil, and
however determined we are to persist in our
efforts until our end is accomplished, there is
a greater evil of which we complain, and which,
if not removed, the producers of wealth must
remain enslaved, and we shall be a free popu-
lar Government only in name. The entire
monetary system of this Government, copied
as it is from the monarchies of the Old World,
is anti-democratic and subversive of the lights
and destructive to the interests of the masses
of the people. The whole range ot legislation
on finance is a cunning device to rob labor of
its just rewards, and build up and sustain an
aristocracy of wealth. Financial reconstruction
is now a necessity. With boundless undevel-
oped resources, with inviting fields for the em-
ployment of labor, there are to-day in our land
two million men and women who are able,
willing, and anxious to work, who can find
nothing to do, and who are on the verge of star-
vation. Tens of thousands more are only par-
tially employed; and those who do toii eaiiy
and late are scarcely able with niggardly-
economy to supply themselves and their de-
pendent families with the common necessaries
of life, While this is the sad condition of the
