1869.
THE CONG-MESSIOMAL GLOBE.
1149
.. .od,   «...    - _ ,
KOT 'VOT-IHGP-Messrs. Adams, Allisoti, Ames,
Anderson, Arnell, Bailey, Blackburn, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd en, Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Delano, Dickey, Dixon,
Dodge, EggTeston, Fox, Glossbremier, Gove, Gravely,
ftriswold, Harding, Hill, Hooper, Asahel IV. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, .Humphrey,
Johnson, Kellogg, Kerr, Keteham, Koontz, Lincoln,
Eoah, Loughridge, McCullough; Mercur, Morrissey,
Mungen, Myers, Newsham, Peters, Pomeroy, Prince,
Robinson, Roots, Sehenck, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Stevens, Stewart, Taber, Taffe, Tift, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyek, Blihu B. Washburne, Whittemore, James®.
Wilson, and Young—69.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-eall,
Mr. POMEROY said: On this question I
Urn paired With the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Sitgreaves. ] If he were here he
Would vote in the negative, and I would vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. STEVENS. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Hill. ] If he were here he would vote in
the negative, while I would vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. KERB. On this vote I am paired with
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.] If
he were here he would vote for the bill, and I
would vote against it.
Mr. DICKEY. I am paired on this ques-
tion with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Myers. If he were present he would
vote "no," while I should vote " ay."
Mr. PETTIS. I desire to say that on this
question I am paired with the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Hill.] If he were present
he would vote against the passage of the bill,
while I should vote for it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend the title of
the bill, so as to read "A bill to deprive the
States of their constitutional jurisdiction over
State territory, and t6 take control of the rail-
road interests of the country.'' On this amend-
ment I call for the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WOOD demanded tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wood and
Mr. McCarthy were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 39, nays 129. _
So (one fifth not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was then rejected.
The title of the bill was adopted.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
"^hich the title of the bill was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An aet (S. No. 281) granting a pension to
Anne Dycher, widow of Matthew D. Dycher;
An aet (S. No, 457) granting a pension to
Elizabeth J. Miller, widow of General John
Miller;
"An act (S. No. 540) for the relief of Jane
HeMurray ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1456) to authorize the
importation of machinery for repair only free
of duty.
S. si. DOVE.
On motion of Mr. HALSEY, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House the papers in the case of S. M.
Dove, without copies being left;
correction.
Mr. PRICE. Mr, Speaker, I desire to cor-
rect the Journal in reference to my vote on lay-
ing on the table the joint resolution giving ten
per cent, additional compensation #0 clerks,
messengers, fee., upon which action was had
in the House on the 1st instant. I am recorded
as voting against laying on the table, when the
fact is I voted to lay on the table. In all the
various attempts that have been made, since I
have been a member of this House, to increase
the compensation of clerks, I have in every in-
stance voted against the measure, and whether
I have been right or wrong I wish the record
to state the fact.
There being no objection, the Journal was
accordingly corrected.
big muscle shoals.
Mr. NICHOLSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Appropriations, re-
ported back House bill No. 1771, for the con-
struction of a canal around the Big Muscle
shoals in the Tennessee river ; and moved
that the same be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
jacob s. baker.
Mr. BURR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
a bill (H; R. No. 1970) granting a pension to
Jacob S. Baker; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Jacob S. Baker, of Marion county,
Illinois, formerly a private in company I,
fourth regiment Indiana volunteers in the war
with Mexico, to receive a pension from and
after the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Dixon
for this evening's session.
military reservation at oswego.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution authorizing
the • Secretary of War to permit the use of a
Sortion of the military reservation at Oswego,
[ew York, for the New York and Oswego Rail-
road Company, and have it put on its passage.
Mr. RANDALL. Hac that been examined
by any committee ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. It has been examined
by'all the military authorities. It is simply to
allow this railroad to cross a corner of the
military reservation at Oswego.
Mr. WOOD objected; and afterward with-
drew his objection, but it was renewed by Mr.
Randall.
counting electoral votes.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution for reference to
the Committee on Revision of Laws ot the
United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in view of the question which arose
on the counting of the votes 
Mr. RANDALL objected; and afterward
withdrew his objection, but Mr. Besjamm
renewed it.
naturalization.
• Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1900) to establish a uniform rule of naturaliza-
tion throughout the United States ; which was
ordered to be printed and recommitted, not to
be brought back on a motion to reconsider.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask leave to offer a brief
amendment to the Army appropriation bill, to
be printed and referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and to be considered in connection
with that bill.
No objection being made, it was so oi'dered.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to proceed to the Consideration of
the Army appropriation bill.
On agreeing to the motion, there were—ayes
50, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. R LA INK
and Paixe were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes 42.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Ferry in the chair.) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 80, 1870.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on'
Military Affairs, on which Mr. Pabee was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman——
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will allow
me, it is obviously too late in the afternoon to
attempt any business on this bill to-day. The
only object of going into Committee of the
Whole now was to prevent an adjournment
before the hour for the recess arrived, as an
adjournment before that time would have aboU
ished the evening session. The understanding
now is that several gentlemen design to make
very long speeches on the pending amendment
to the Army bill, or full hour speeches at all
events. That will very mueh retard the pas-
sage of the bill. We have now only fifteen or
sixteen working days remaining of the session,
and there are six appropriatioft bills yet un-
considered. The Army appropriation bill
proper has been gone through with, and if it is
to be detained by a very prolonged discussion
on the pending amendments it will not only
hold back all the other appropriation bills in
the House, but it will prevent the Senate from
having any appropriation bills to work upon in
the mean time. I will state further that I am
just informed by the Speaker that there are
four election cases to be considered, which, of
course, are privileged. They will cause dis-
cussion. Now, I have no desire to make any
motion which shall limit debate on this bill,
nor to run counter to the wishes of the majority
of the committee, but I submit to gentlemen
that Very prolonged debate on this question at
this late period of the session seems quite im-
practicable. I Would like, therefore, to have
some expression from the committee to guide
me in the motion I make when we next go into
Committee of the Whole as to the limitation to-
be placed on general debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of MassachusWtS.
gentleman yield to me?-
Mr. BLA.INE. _ With the consent of
gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to say a single word, as it is known I have
put on the table and offered in committee, by
leave of the House, a substitute for the Army
bill reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs as an amendment to this appropria-
tion bill. Having offered that amendment, I
desire for a time to explain it. It is quite as
important as any appropriation bill, because
by it we shall Bave $15,000,000 the coming
year if its main features are adopted.
Mr. BLAINE. I have no desire to cut off
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The diffi-
culty is this: I -understood from the Chair that
I was to have the ioor after the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. OarfiEld] concluded,_ for the
purpose of explaining and supporting my
amendment in the usual course of parliament-
ary courtesy. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. PaixE] has got in, and now I suggest
to the gentleman from Wisconsin that he allow
me to bring forward my amendment, so that it
can be seen and understood, and then I shall
be very glad to hear him on the merits of both
propositions.
Mr. PAINE. I hardly understand what the
Will the
the
