1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $5,000, as full compensa-
tion for the past and future use in the United
States Navy of his - invention for using hot
water and steam as a weapon in naval war-
fare, for extinguishing fires, and for other pur-
poses.
TheSPEAKER. Is there objection to taking
this bill from the Speaker's table out of its
regular order for consideration at this time?
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for that purpose.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; and upon a division there were—ayes
52, noes 63.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and there were—
ayes 122, noes 55, not voting 45 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Banks. Barnes, Barn urn, Beck. Bingham,
Blair, Boyer, Broomall, Buckley, Burr, Roderick R.
Butler, Cuke, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Cliff, Corley, Covode, Deweese, Donnelly,
Eckley, Eggleston,Thomas D. Eliot,James T.Elliott,
Ferriss, Ferry. Fields, Fox, Garfield, Getz. Glo&s-
brenner,Goll iday,Gravely,Griswold.Grover.Haight,
Halsey, H<:ughey, Heaton, Higby, Holinan, Hooper,
Hopkins, llurehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, llunter, Ingersol!. Jenckes, Johnson,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd. Julian, Kelley, Kerr,
Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Mc-
Carthy, M<.Cullough, McKee, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrell, Myers, Ncwshaui, Nibiack, Nicholson, Nor-
ris, O'Neill, Oith, Perham. Peters, Pettis, Pierce,
Pike, Pile, Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Robert-
son, Robinson, Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Sehenck, Selye,
Shanks, Sitgreaves. Starkweather, Stevens, Stone,
Stover, Taber, Taffe, Tift, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twchell, Upson, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Trump. Henry D. Washburn,Whittemore, John
T.Wilson, Wood, Woodward, and Young—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley. B-iley, Baker, Baldwin, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Boyden. Bromwell, Buckland, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cailis, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cornell,
Cullom, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, Ela, French. Gove,
Harding, Hawkins, Richaid D. Hubbard, Kolsey,
Lash, William L;iwrence, Maynard, McCormick,
Moore, Paine, Phelps, Plants. Scotield, Stiellabarger,
Smith, Srokes, Syphev, Thomas, John Trimble,Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cad-
walnder C. Washburn, Eiihu B. Washburne, William
B.Washburn, Welker, Thomas William?, and Wil-
liam William'—55.
NOT VOTING—Mc5^rs.Ander&on,Beaman,Black-
burn, Biaine, Bole^. Boutwell, Bowen, Brooks, Co-
burn, Coltax, Dawes, Dickey, Dodge, Driggs, Ed-
wards, Eldridge. Farnsworth, Goss, Hamilton, Hill,
A&ahel W. Iiubbard. Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg,
Ivetcham, Lynch, Mallory. Marvin, Mercur, Mor-
rissey, Muliins, Mungen, Newcomb, Nunn, Polsley,
Price, Prince, Spalding, Stewart, Taylor, Van vck,
Vidal, James F. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Wm-
dom, and Woodbndge—-15.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The bill (S. No. 845) for the relief of Abbot
Q. Ross was accordingly taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. FERRY. Upon that question I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
The question was, "Shall the main question
be now put? "
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The question was taken j and upon a division
there were—ayes 18, noes 105; not one fifth in
the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, called for
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered j and Mr. Cobb and Mr.
Ferry were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were twenty-seven in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
BUSTEED IMPEACHMENT CASE.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, moved that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary be discharged from further investigation
into the official conduct of Hon. Richard Bus-
teed. judge of the United States district court
of Alabama, and that the testimony already
taken be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
C0STELL0 AXD WARREN.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
message from the President of the United
States relative to Messrs. Costello and Warren,
naturalized citizens of the United States im-
prisoned in Great Britain, and that the report
of the committee be laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. ALLISON having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. NIBLACK submitted the following
resolution:
Pesolved, That the thanks of this House be, and
are hereby, tendered to Hon. Theodore M. Pome-
roy, Speaker of the House, for the very able, digni-
fied, and impartial manner in which he has discharged
the duties of Speaker for the brief but very trying
period during which he has occupied the chair.
The resolution was adopted unanimously.
Mr. NIBLACK moved that an engrossed
copy of the resolution just passed be furnished
to the Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
abbot q. ross again,
The question then recurred on ordering the
main question on the passage of Senate bill
No. 845, for the relief of Abbot Q. Ross, on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 48, not voting,
78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Banks. Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Bingham, Blair, Boyer, Burr, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Cailis, Cary, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Coburn. Corley. Deweese, Dickey, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Ferriss, Ferry, Fox, French, Gar-
field, Getz, Goss, Gove, Gravely. Griswold, Grover,
Haight, Halsey, Heaton,Higby,Holman, Humphrey,
Hunter, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Koontz, George V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Marshall, Marvin,
McCarthy, Mercur, Moorhead. Morrissey, Mullins,
Myers, Newsham, Nicholson, Norris, Nunn, O'Neill,
Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pile, Poland, Price,
Prince, Pruvn, Randall, Raum, Robertson, liobin-
son, Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Shellabargcr, Sitgreaves,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stewart, Taffe, Thomas, Tift,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn,
Whittemore, and Wood—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bout-
well, Boyden, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Delano, Dixon, Ela,
Eldridge, Golladay, Harding. Hulburd, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Lash, William Lawrence, Lynch, McCor-
mick, Miller, Moore, Niblack, Phelps, Plants, Sco-
field. Smith, Stokes, Taylor. John Trimble, Van
Aernam, Burt Von Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn, EhhuB. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Wiliiam^Williams, and Woodward—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Beatty, Blackburn,
Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin F.
Butler, Churchill. Ciilt, Colfax, Cornell, Covode,
Dawes, Dockery, Dodge, Driggs, Eckiey, Edwards,
Thomas D. Ehot, James T. Elliott, Farusworth,
Fields, Glossbrenner. Hamilton. Haughey, Haw-
kins, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kitchen, Knott,
Laflin, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard, McCullough,
McKee, Morrell, Mungen, Newcomb, Orth, Paine,
Pike, Polsley, Sehenck, Selye, Shanks, Spalding,
Stone, Stover, Sypher, i'aber, Trowbridge, 'lwi-hell,
Van Wyck, Vidal, Welker, Thomas Williams. James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, Win-
dom, Woodbridge, and Young—78.
So the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced to call the roll, but
was soon interrupted by the hour of adjourn-
ment ; when at twelve o'clock m. the Speaker
resumed the chair, and said:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives,
I shall not attempt to add anything to the ex-
pressive remarks addressed to you by my pre-
decessor on leaving the chair a few hours since.
The Fortieth Congress has now expired by
limitation of law. Our public acts will be pre-
served on parchment. Our personal relations,
our sympathies, our kindnesses, all the ties that
bind us to each other will forever live as part
of ourselves. I now pronounce the Fortieth
Congress of the United States of America
adjourned without day. [Applause.]
