1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
million, the few capitaUtffs are rioting in luxury
and fattening upon tire earnings of others.
At the last session of Congress I introduced
a biiLto establisj/a uniform currency and pro-
vide\r the mamgement and liquidation of the
publiqkdebtyr Believing that the adoption of
the pr\ci^fes of that bill will be a proclama-
tion of ^Mancipation .to the toiling millions of
my countrymen, would give them full and re-
munerative employment, make capital the ser-
vant instead of the master of labor, and that
relief can only be found in this direction, I
shall, in the remaining portion of the hour
allowed me, give the reasons for my faith. The
change proposed in our entire monetary or
financial system is radical and fundamental.
While our fathers rejected the political insti-
tutions of the Old World, and carved out a
new model of civil government, they adopted,
and we still retain, the monarchical systems
and theories of money and finance.
The system proposed by my bill, and which
has been fully indorsed by the National Labor
Union, involves the abandonment of the cher-
ished idea that gold and silver are the only fit
materials out of which to coin money. The
opinion which has obtained and still influences
the public mind, that a circulating medium must
be coined out of some material which is scarce
and difficult to procure, arises from a miscon-
ception of the nature and functions of money.
Whatever is endowed by the sovereign power
in the nation with the qualities of represent-
ing, measuring, exchanging, and accumulating
value by interest is money; and any circulating
medium not endowed by Congress with all
these powers or functions is not money, though
the material be the finest gold. The most im-
portant function of money is to facilitate ex-
changes of property, and its value, therefore,
is purely legal. The idea that the value of
money inheres in the material of which it is
made is wholly false and pernicious. When
this heathen superstition, this fundamental er-
ror, and the mystifications by which interested
financiers and political economists have con-
cealed the true nature of money are dispelled,
it will be found that its present centralizing
power is as gross an imposition upon the com-
mon sense of men as it is upon the rights of
labor and property. Lexicographers, political
economists, bankers, usurers, and even states-
men, tell us that " money is stamped coin of
gold and silver," but the necessities of our
modern civilization and the emergencies of the
people are making it necessary to modify our
definitions and revise our theories. Locke and
other writers on political economy declare that
gold and silver are selected as the most suit-
able materials for money because of their inhe-
rent or intrinsic value. It is true that these
metals have an intrinsic value and can be
wrought into useful utensils and beautiful orna-
ments, and when so wrought they become arti-
cles ot commerce, but when coined and stamped
as money their intrinsic value is not considered.
Intrinsic value is commercial; money value is
legal. Agold dollar is worth one hundred cents
only because Congress has so decreed, and it
would still be worth one hundred cents if the
quantity of gold in the country was quadrupled in
an hour. If every gold coin in the United States
was annihilated our property, our wealth would
remain the same ; we would only lose its legal
representative, the means of exchange of com-
modities. Benjamin Franklin truthfully said :
"Gold and silver are not intrinsically of equal
Talue with iron, a metal in itself capable nf mmj
more beneficial uses to mankind ; and but for tho
estimation in which they were held a pound of gold
would not be a real equivalent tora busliel of wheat.
Any other well-founded credit is as much ail equiv-
alent as gold and silver."
The same wise man said:
" Gold and silver have undoubtedly some proper-
ties that Rive them a fitness above paper as a medium
of LehanglreVp^ially when a country has occasion
to carry its money abroad.'
But he adds :
"The estimation in which these metals are held
abroad deprive a oountiy ot the quantity ot cui
rency that should bo retained as a necessary instru-
ment of its internal commerce. ^ , .
If this was true when Franklin wrote, it is
preeminently true now, when our internal
trade and commerce are ten thousandfold
greater, and our foreign trade has indefinitely
increased without a corresponding increase in
the quantity of gold and silver.
In a rude state of society, where articles to
be exchanged are few and the exchanges are
easily effected, but little money is required. In
more complex and cultivated communities,
where.there is an infinite division of labor and
industries are diversified, more money is in-
dispensable. Wampum and beads will answer
the purposes of a legal tender among savages.
Almonds and shells may purchase the neces-
saries of life in India. Iron nails were once
money in Scotland ; dried codfish was a legal
tender ill Newfoundland; sugar in the West
India islands; musket balls in Massachusetts;
tobacco in Maryland and Virginia, and whisky
was the currency with which we paid the In-
dians for their lands. It is woitliy ot a passing
remark that here in the District of Columbia
by unrepealed laws tobacco is declared to be a
lawful currency, and m seme cases to tue ex-
clusion of even gold and silver; many fines and
penalties are assessed and must be paid ill to-
bacco. The law even prescribes the annual
interest which may be taken for the loans of
tobacco, and payable only in tobacco. Gold
and silver may answer the purposes of ex-
change among semi-barbarians, but they aie
wholly inadequate to the demands of our civil-
ization. .
Recognizing their insufficiency civilized Gov-
ernments have resorted to various expedients
to supply the needed currency, but they have
always kept their eye on tho so-called precious
metals, and have vainly attempted to subordi-
nate everything to their standard. They have
commissioned a few men who had coin to fur-
nish an adequate currency for the people,^ and
clothed this favored few with power to issue
live, ten, or fifteen paper promises to pay a
dollar for every dollar of gold within their
reach. In this way banks have been insti-
tuted, those ingenious contrivances to roll
labor of its rewards, swindle the masses of
the people, and gi\o unjust advantages to
wealth. .
'j^lie object of banks of issue has been to
make up for the deficiency in the volume of
metallic currency, and their establishment is
an acknowledgment that gold and silver are
wholly inadequate to supply the necessities of
trade and commerce. In creating banks of issue
Government has conferred upon a moneyed
aristocracy powers which the people only,
through their representatives in Congress,
can constitutionally exercise. i
I affirm that the entire gold coinage of the
world would scarcely be sufficient to answer
the legitimate requirements for money in this
country alone. Advance^civilization, the in-
finite division and subdivision ot labor, diver-
sified industries and employments, vast extent
of territory, great enterpnses, extensive ex-
changes all require an iucieased and constantly
increasing volume of money. If to-day gold
and silver were sufficient in quantity, on account
of their commercial value they are exportable
commodities, to-morrow they may be so reduced
as to seriously affect the exchangeable values
of all other commodities and injure all lands
of legitimate business.
The sole object and office of money, all that
it is wanted for, is to be used as a legal instru-
ment in facilitating exchanges and making
payments. It is solely a creature of law, and
it is a matter of no moment whatever whether
its material has or has not, an intrinsic or com-
mercial value. The value of gold and silver
as commodities is regulated by the law of sup-
ply and demand just like wheat or cotton.
As money, however, their value being pure y
legal, the abundance or scarcity ot the metals
does not affect it. How absurd, then, is the
assumption that the inherentpropertiesofgold,
which gives it value as an article of commeice,
has anything to do with its being a measure
of value as money. As a commodity it is one
thing, as money it is another and very difiere
thing. The legal value of a gold dollar is
purely an arbitrary assumption, not absolute
or independent of law.
It is said that gold and silver are the money
of the world, and as our commercial relations
are world-wide we cannot change it; that as
all commercial nations have legalized the so-
called precious metals we cannot maintain
commercial relations with them unless wealso
legalize them as money. To' this I answer
that our coin is not current or legal money be-,
yond the limits of our own national jurisdic-
tion. Foreign nations receive our coinage by.
the standard fixed by their own laws, and greatly
prefer bullion to coin. The very fact that
other nations use gold and silver as materials
for the coinage of money, added to the unde-
niable assertion that they are insufficient in
quantity to answer the necessities of dotneslic
and foreign trade, is an unanswerable argument
against our employing them for this purpose.
Legitimate commerce is the exchange of the
products of one country for those ot another..
All beyond mere barter is a matter of debt,
and if we imported in excess of our exports
$:iOO,000,000 worth (this being about the sum
of our coinage) we must part with all our coin,
;.nd we are left without anything to represent
our domestic values and make home payments,
thus deranging the entire industrial and com-
mercial interests of the nation and involving
men of enterprise in hopeless bankruptcy.
With money not valuable as an article ot com-
merce, if there are balances of trade against
us, and foreign creditors will not receive in
payment our corn and Hour and cotton, let
them have our bullion and welcome. Having
! no use for it ourselves as a currency, it would
I be cheap, and we can part with it without pro-
J ducing panics or revulsions or disturbing our
| own measures of value.
! If importations are excessive those engaged
' in foreign trade only would suffer. One of the
| indispensable requisites of a safe, uniform cir-
i culating medium is that it should be inexport-
j able, in no other way can wc avoid being at
I the mercy financially of every political or mone-
; tary distuibanco in Europe.
; If the Bank of England raises the rate of
interest on money, draws a few millions of gold
, from New York,"our gieat commercial center,
! discounts are immediately contracted through-
out the country, business is deranged, failures
occur, tho products of the farm, manufactory,
and workshop depreciate, labor is thrown out
of employment, and tens of thousands of men
, of enterpiise are ruined. This state of things
i has been brought about more than once by this
! very cause. These calamities which have pro-
! duced distress and misery to the remotest cabin
i in the land have been attributed to short crops,
! excessive production, overtrading—in short,
to everything but the true cause. It is absurd—
it is more, it is a crime—for a nation competent
1 to manage its own affairs to so legislate as to_
!j leave the industry, prosperity, and welfare ot
|; this great people at the mercy ot the money
j: kings, stock-jobbers, and gold gamblers of
'i Europe. Thus it will ever be with an export-
fable money.
j To have a staple and uniform currency it
ii should be inexportable, and yet a legal tender
|! for the payment of every debt, public and pn-
vate, within the limits of our national jurisdic-
tion. To prove the instability and unreliabil-
ity of gold as a currency we will refer to a fact
mentioned in tiie President's last message.
He says '' the aggregate product ot precious
metals in the United States from 1849 to 186i
was $1,174,000,000, while for the same period
the exports of specie were $741,000,000." Ho
estimates the entire specie in the country now
at ^300,000,000. This furnishes the beggarly
sum of about seven dollars per capita to supply
the immense requirements of forty million
people scattered over a continent engaged in
vast enterprises and in developing boundless
resources—asum much smaller than is require
of each individual annually for the payment
of national taxes alone.  .
If gold and silver are insufficient m quantity
