1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February" 12,
gentleman from Massachusetts means when he
says I have "got in." I obtained the floor in
Committee of the Whole just as anybody else
obtains it. I have been recognized by the
Chairman, and hold the floor in my own right.
Now, I should be very glad to do anything
I can to accommodate the gentleman from
Massachusetts and aid him to bring forward
his substitute. But it has been my purpose to
express my views at some length not only re-
specting his substitute, which I have read and
with which I am familiar, a large part of which
I very ranch approve, and in favor of much of
which I shall speak, but also my views respect-
ing the proposition of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, in favor of a part of which I shall
also speak. I hope and believe that the House
will not deprive the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts of an opportunity of making a speech
upon this bill, but I am utterly unable to see
why I could not just as well speak first and he
next. I shall therefore be compelled to de-
cline to yield the floor now, but I shall not
occupy the whole hour, and very possibly I may
be able before it is through to yield the floor,
to him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, as
there seems to be some misunderstanding in
the committee, that it was the understanding
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Btolbr] should have the floor after the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] concluded,
but he did not claim the floor when the gen-
tleman from Ohio ceased speaking. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] took the
floor and was recognized by the Chair, and now
has the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think it ought to be
said in behalf of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts aud all concerned that the general im-
pression was that my time had not expired
when the committee was last in session, and I
yielded the floor for a motion to rise, as there
was some little business to be transacted in the
House before the recess. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, so understood it, and therefore
did not claim the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That was
exactly it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I supposed I had ten
minutes of my hour remaining.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I had
supposed that the gentleman from Ohio had not
finished, and that he yielded only for a motion
to rise,that some business might be transacted
in the House before the recess. I supposed he
liad ten minutes of his hour remaining; he so
supposed, and we all so supposed. Now, this
is a great inconvenience to me, because I want
to contrast my plan with that of the Committee
•on Military Affairs. While, therefore, I shall
be very glad of the aid of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, as 1 have no doubt I shall have it,
he being a very good soldier to my certain
knowledge, yet his preceding me does embar-
rass me very greatly.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to remind the chair-
man of the committee that having arranged
with the Chairman that I should succeed the
gentleman from Ohio, the Chairman notified
me beforehand at what precise time the hour of
the gentleman from Ohio would expire, sent a
messenger for that purpose to my seat, and I
was ready when the time came and claimed the
floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
desire to remind the Chairman that he arranged
with me with great particularity that I should
have the floor immediately after the gentleman
Ohio, [laughter,] and I was waiting with
iitl the patience in the world.
Mr. K AND ALL. I object to any private
arrangements.
Mr. PAINE. ^ I certainly should be very
sorry to be considered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts or by any other member of the
House m any way rude or wanting in courtesy
towaid a gentleman whom I esteem so highly
as I esteem my friend, from Massachusetts':
and therefore, with what I hope will be the
implied understanding on the part of the House
that I shall follow the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, I now yield the floor to him. [Cries
of "Agreed ! " and "All right! "]
, Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As I have
the floor I will yield to the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] who desires to say
something.
The CHAIRMAN. For how long a time
does the gentleman yield ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For two
or three minutes ; until the time for taking the
recess.
Mr. PILE. I desire to make a suggestion
to the committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to ask a
question of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] who has charge of this bill.
Mr. PILE. I decline to yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SPALDING. I only want to know by
what authority the appropriations in this bill
have been cut down.
Mr. PILE. I claim the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. Well, the gentleman can-
not hold it long, as it is about time for the
recess.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to know whether
there will be any vote taken on this question
this afternoon?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
tell the gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have some
intimation from the Chair, or from some one
else.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not the province
of the Chair to determine that question, but it
is to be decided by the Committee of the Whole.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the Speaker took the chair, and
the House, pursuant to order, took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
internal taxes.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order,
at half past seven o'clock p. m., in Committee
of the Whole on the state "of the Union, (Mr.
Scoeield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (II. R. No. 1060) to re-
duce into one act and to amend the laws relating
to internal taxes.
The pending question was upon an amend-
ment moved by Mr. Schenck, on behalf of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to strike out
the words " Secretary of the Treasury" and to
insert the words "Commissioner of Internal
Revenue" in the following clause of the fifty-
second section of the printed amendment re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
That there shall be appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury such number of internal revenue store-
keepers as may be necessary, &c.
Mr. HOLM AN. I would suggest that this
amendment he passed over for the present.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to state some rea-
son for his suggestion. This amendment is
intended simply to make this portion of the
bill conform to what was agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole last session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I remember that in one
portion of the bill the committee struck out
that feature by a very decided vote.
Mr. ALLISON. They struck it out in one
place but they left it in every other place. And
it is proposed by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] to ask
consent to go back and insert it in the one
place where it was struck out before the bill
shall be finally disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
to allow this amendment to pass over for the
present.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; if it is insisted
upon.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman.] The question which is behind the
pending amendment will of course be sett-led
in the House by. a vote of the House. It is
well to frame the bill, so that if it is settled in
one way the whole bill will conform to that;
if it is settled the other way, of course it will
not conform. This amendment if put in here
will go into the House to be decided by a vote
of the House, together With .the amendments
to the preceding portions of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAJ?!". Then why make thisamend-
ment here ? Why not let it remain as it now
stands? If this is amended the other parts
of the bill will have to be modified to suit it,
or else this amendment will have to be changed.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is no other part
of the bill that would require modification, ex-
cept in one instance, stated by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] my colleague on the
committee. The phrase as it o.ocurs here is a
mere oversight in the drafting of the bill—a
clerical error; .and to strike it, out,as proposed
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means will leave the question to lie acted
on in the House. If the House should concur
with the committee the bill will then be per-
fect in that respect.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had forgotten the exact
condition of this question. Inasmuch as this
question must be finally settled in the House,
I see no objection to the course proposed.
Mr. BECK. I desire to state my objection
to the course suggested. If there is to be
created a separate department to be called the
department of internal revenue, then all these
amendments are correct; but if such a separate
department is not to be created, then these
amendments are all wrong. When we shall
have decided to establish a department of in-
ternal revenue, we can agree, if the committee
chooses, that all these amendments shall be
inserted. If we should not so decide, then all
these amendments are wrong. I was at one
time very much opposed to making the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue the head of a
separate department; but the more I have
thought of the subject the more favorably I
view that proposition. I believe that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has now more work than
he can do, so numerous are the ramifications
of his Department. My mind leans very
strongly toward the creation of a department
of internal revenue. I think the duties of
such a department would be amply sufficient
to occupy any one man as its head, ^nd that
matters with reference to internal revenue
would thus be more efficiently managed. In
this respect I will say my present views differ
from those which I entertained last summer.
My present objection is that we ought first to
pass upon this fundamental question. If the
House should determine to establish a depart-
ment of internal revenue, then I will agree that
all these other amendments should follow.
Mr. BOYDEN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] appears to overlook the fact
that the bill has already been amended in this
particular in several places.
Mr. BECK. I think not.
Mr. BOYDEN. Yes, sir; amendments of
that kind have already been adopted, and the
only point now is to make the bill consistent
throughout.
Mr. BECK. Where has the bill been so
amended 1
Mr. BOYDEN. In several places, on the
last night the bill was under consideration.
Mr. ALLISON. Let me suggest that all
these amendments be allowed to go into the
bill, and then when the question shall finally
be taken in the House on the amendments to
the first section creating a separate department
ot internal revenue, if the amendments should
not be sustained, then all these other amend
ments may be struck out.
Mr. BECK. I have no objection to that
understanding.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let me say that the course
suggested by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] would be appropriate, because the
first section of the bill, as passed in Commit-
tee of the Whole, provides for a separate de-
partment of internal revenue. Subsequently
