1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1MB
I have already discussed the question ; and
I do not propose to argue it any further.
Mr. SCHENCK. I feel bound to explain
the position of this matter. The gentleman
proposes, as I understand, that the minimum
shall be twenty-five barrels and $100. It is
obvious to every one that in imposing a special
tax upon distilleries it is proper that we should
have some minimum at which we must rest.
The only question is what that minimum shall
be. The policy of the committee has been to
get revenue and to protect the Government
against abuse, but not to go too far in building
up all over the country these small distilleries,
which might encourage the opportunities for
fraud. In doing this we know we interfere
with a considerable branch of business, prin-
cipally in the South and Southwest, where men
make from thirty to forty barrels a year. The
committee have agreed to bring the minimum
down to fifty barrels a year, on the supposition
that every man who would go into distilling at
all and could pay four dollars a barrel would
make fifty barrels at least. I understand that
this is not bringing it low enough for the con-
stituents of my friend and colleague on the
committee. But, sir, the question is to be
considered whether making the minimum at
twenty-five barrels a year would not be bring-
ing it down too low.
Mr. AXTELL. In our small vineyards in
California we make even less than that.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is the distillation of
grapes into brandy.
Mr. AXTELL. The country is so situated
that we are compelled to distill some brandy to
preserve our wine.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to say that
when I was a boy the condition of things in the
West was very much what it is now in some
parts of the South. I do not say everywhere, but
principally in the mountain districts. Pretty
much every farmer, every deacon of the church
at any rate, distilled upon his farm, and in
almost every hollow there was a distillery mak-
ing from twenty to thirty barrels a year. VVe
found tiiat it was a great advantage to get rid
of that condition of things. Large distilleries
herehave grown up. With manufactoriesusing
up great amounts of grain, with this concen-
tration of this interest in these large establish-
ments, we found on the whole the morals of
the country were benefited, and that we got
school-houses in place of distilleries, while
temptation was taken away from the sons of
farmers to become sottish in their habits. And
I think the time will come when my friends in
the South will favor the discouragement of so
many small distilleries in their midst. It will
operate to their advantage as it has operated
to ours. With these remarks I will submit the
matter to the House. I only wished to ex-
plain the principle upon which the committee
acted.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not know under what
rule we are debating this proposition, but I wish
to submit some remarks in reference to the kind
of liquor distilled in my own State. I hope I
shall have the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
In the State of California a portion of the vint-
ageis used for the purpose of making brandy.
That is not the first purpose. The first pur-
pose is to make wine, but there is a portion that
you cannot make into wine that is converted
into brandy. We are compelled to convert
from ten to twenty percent, of the vintage into
brandy or to throw it away. Our vineyards are
small. I might aay that four fifths of the vine-
yards are small ones. They are scattered over
a most extensive country. By having a portion
of the vintage so converted makes it a small
business with each vineyard. If I understand
this proposition the minimum is put at fifty
barrels a year. If that be insisted upon it will
cut off the conversion of that portion of the
vintage into brandy,and it will go to waste. If
it is the object to get rid of this waste, it is an
object to make this minimum small.
Mr. MAYNARD. If my friend will allow
me, I think this does not embrace all kinds of
40th Cong. 3d Sbss.—No. 73.
distillation. I refer to the distillation from
grapes! - .
Mr. IIIGBY. I think the tax embraces all.
That is why I am speaking to that point, and
with that understanding I am making these
remarks.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have in my hand an
ortUr of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, made on the 12th of October last, and
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, in
which he says:
11 In accordance with the opinion of the Attorney
General of the United States, rendered on the 10th
instant, distillers of brandy from apples, peaches, or
grapes exclusively, fire hereby, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury, exempted from so
much of the provisions of section fifty-nine of the act
of July 20,186S. as imposes a special tax of S400 upon
distillers piodueing one hundred barrels, or less, of
distilled spirits, anil of four dollars per barrel in
excess ot one hundred barrels. This exemption is
additional to the exemptions hcretofore.speeified in
series four, No. 7, and assessors and collectors will
govern themselves accordingly."
, Mr. HIGBY. I was taking my opinion from
the information I received from the chairman
of the committee himself, because I have not
made a close examination of the whole bill.
That is the reason I asked him the question if
we should go back and amend the amendment
proposed by the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague [Mr. May-
nard] has not adverted to what has been
adopted by the Committee of the Whole. In
the law as it now stands there is this provision :
"The tax on brandy made from grapes shall bo the
same and no higher than that upon other distilled
spirits; and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
is hereby authorized, with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to exempt distillers of brandy
from apples, peaches, or grapes exclusively from
such other of the provisions of this act relating to
the manufacture of spirits as in his judgment may
seem expedient.'"
Now, 1 ought not to speak disrespectfully of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue or the
Attorney General; but that was a most extraor-
dinary decision, that when the law said the tax
on brandy made from grapes should be the
same, and they should exempt distillers of
brandy from apples, peaches, or grapes from
such other provisions of this act relative to that
manufacture as in his judgment might seem
expedient, it meant that the Commissioner
might let them off from the tax. That extraor-
dinary decision having been made, to remove
all question about it we introduced this amend-
ment, which has been adopted by the Commit-
tee of the Whole:
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby
authorized to exempt distillers ot brandy made ex-
clusively from apples, peaches, or grapes from such
provisions of this act relative to the manufacture of
spirits as in his judgment may seem expedient, but
not to abate the taxes thereon.
Then we propose to turn over to the special
tax and bring down the standard to a lower
point, so that all shall have to pay a special
tax, and the Commissioner shall not have tlte
right to say what shall and what shall not be
the tax. but that he may abate somewhat of the
hardship in regard to the higher process of
manufacture. That is, he may say they should
not be required to have a meter in one of these
smaller distilleries, or to have their pipes painted
white, blue, red, &c^ My colleague has not
adverted to that.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw it.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 renew it. This matter
ought to have the attention of the committee,
because if it is understood that the law is to be
so changed that the special tax is unalterably
and inevitably fixed upon the small distillers
of brandy made from fruits, if it is to be fixed
either at S?'200 or $100, it will practically put
an end to all that class of distillation. It can-
not be carried on profitably,because it is carried
on, as we all know, in the neighliorhood ot
orchards, and if the trees do not happen to
bear enough every year the special tax could
not be paid. For that reason I want to have
the attention of my friend from California [Mr.
Higby] directed more especially to it. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr1. PRICE* I renew it. The amendment,
I believe, is to make it thirty- barrels. ■
Mr. MAYNARD. That was the amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I am opposed'to the amend-
ment. 1 am aware that the object of legisla^
tion upon this question is to get revenue. I
rise to the discussion of' this questioh under
the conviction that anything I may say in ref-
erence to it will be just that much time and
labor lost, but! cannot, after what 1 have heard
upon the subject, retain my seat without utter-
ing my protest—and that is about all it will
amount to—against what I would style drunk-
enness made easy. In other words, sir, I do
not propose to lend my countenance, my assist-
ance, my aid, directly or indirectly, to any
form of legislation or any practice that will
have a tendency to establish a still-house in
every hollow between the mountains and hills
of this country. As I listened to my friend-
from Ohio [Mr. Suhkncic] he called up to my
mind the scenes that oceurredin my childhood
and in my younger days, when what has been
stated by him was literally true, and I never yet
discovered, nor do I now know, of any result for
good that was produced by any such practice.
That we are to have whisky distilled in this coun-
try, Ipresumeis true, and will be true while we,
remain a country; but I protest against holding
out inducements for every farmer and every
orchard cultivator and every grape-grower to
establish a distillgry on his premises, as was
done forty years ago in some parts of the mid-
dle States of this Union ; and there is not an
old man here to-night who cannot look back
over the pathway that he has traveled and see
scores of his young associates that have gone
down to the drunkard's grave and the drunk-
ard's eternity, not so much because there was
alcoholic liquor of the land, but because it was
found at every cross-road and in every dell and
nook and corner of the land. Aud now in the
high council chamber of the nation we sit here
deliberating solemnly whether we shall not so
arrange this matter as that it will be convenient
for every grape-grower and eveiy orchard cul-
tivator and every farmer throughout the length
and breadth of this broad land of ours to es-
tablish for himself and for the mechanics by
whom he is surrounded a distillery where the
young men of the land may be educated to be
drunkards. The remark of the chairman, of
the Committee of Ways and Means as to dea-
cons of the church running distilleries had a
good deal more truth thau poetry in it in refer-
ence to the past; but to-day it is not so, and
that is mainly attributable to the fact, not that
there is no alcoholic liquor in the land, but to
that other great fact that society discounte-
nances the establishment of distilleries in all the
nooks and corners and cross-roads of the land.
A different state of opinion is prevailing, and
prevailing for the good of the country. I repeat
again, and it is all I have time to do, that I
protest against this making drunkenness easy,
aud I want to live to see the day when no
deacon of the church will own a distillery.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNAKD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BOYDEN. I renew it. I desire to state
to the committee that it is no part of the .object
of any law which we may pass here either to
encourage or to discourage the distillation of
ardent spirits. It is no part of our duty as
legislators. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means and the gentleman who
has just addressed the committee talk about
the change that has been produced in Ohio,
i Did that change take place since we commenced
taxing whisky at this extravagant rate ? Was
it not the case before the tax was imposed?
I desire to know if any gentleman thiuks it en-
, couragiug the distillation of whisky to put a
heavy tax upon it? That is what we are offer-
j ing to do. Sir, our country is not like the
coun'ry which the gentleman has spoken of
years ago, when it was thriving and prosperous
and the people had plenty ol money. The
state of the country which 1 represent is totally
different from that. During the rebellion we
