1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
pile their grapes upon a wagon and haul them
twenty or thirty miles to some scoundrel well
versed in the art of mixing up drugged spirits
and to sell them at one fourth of what, they
could make out of them if they were permitted
to distill them upon their own farms. Now, is
this just; is it right?
The gentleman says, as a matter of revenue
not one half of these men would comply with
the law and pay the tax. If they do not com-
ply with the law, then the law would rule them
out, and there is no use of putting these addi-
tional restrictions upon them. You might as
well say that a retail dealer should close up
his establishment unless his business amounted
to $150,000 a year, as to say that these small
distilleries shall not remain in operation unless
they produce at least fifty barrels a year. I
characterize this proposition as an outrage
upon five hundred farmers who have to distill
part of their vintage in order to preserve their
wine, as has been already described by my
colleague from the first district. These wines
made in our vineyards can only be preserved
by admixture with grape brandy. When mixed
with alcohol they are a spurious article in the
market. I think I have said enough to show
that it is not right or proper to impose «uch a
restriction upon these men who grow their own
grapes and manufacture their own wine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McKEE. I desire to say a few words
on this question. It will be remembered veiy
well by the Committee of Ways and Means,
as well as by some members of the House,
that, during the last session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress I appeared before that committee
and made a long argument in favor of trying
to save what are now called the small distill-
eries, and that I afterward pursued that ques-
tion in the Committee of the Whole. Now,
sir, I have had some little experience on this
subject; and as this is a question of revenue,
as has been very properly stated by the com-
mittee, I think that is really the only thing we
should look at. We want to pay off the pub-
lic debt; and to do it we must get all the taxes
we can, especially from this article of whisky.
In 1865 and 1866, in my own congressional
district in Kentucky, which somewhat resem-
bles, at least so far as the country is concerned,
that of my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Boi'DEN",] we had between four and five hun-
dred distilleries, mostly of the very smallest
kind. We had a set of people there then who
believed, as a great many of them do now,
that the only thing they were enabled to live
upon was the whisky which they made and sold,
but which they, in fact, generally drank up
themselves. Now, after having heard the doc-
trine enunciated by the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. .Johnson] and the remarks of my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Botdex,] I
thought they would suit very well the location
of the cross-roads in my own State. [Laughter. ]
As I said, we had between four and five hun-
dred distilleries two years ago in my congres-
sional district. The whole amount of revenue
the Government got for them during the years
1865 and 1806 was less than seventy-five thou-
sand dollars. Since this law has been in opera-
tion, crushing out, as it has done—for that is
the term to use—these small distilleries, we
now have in the same district only seven dis-
tilleries. Out of those seven distilleries there
is paid to-day to the Government of the United
States a revenue of more than six thousand
dollars a day, which in one month would exceed,
ih the aggregate, all that was paid by the whole
four hundred and sixty-three distilleries in the
entire year 1806.
Mr. AXTELL. A single question: what
has been the effect upon the drunkenness in
your district ?
Mr. McKEE. I was coming to that point.
In 1866 I was a candidate for Congress, and
went through the district where they had these
small distilleries in operation, and at every
public meeting that was held—and t.heywere
generally held near one of these distilleries—
there was a large amount of drinking going on
and an immense number of men in a happy
mood, if not drunk. During the last campaign
in 1868, though not a candidate myself for
Congress, I took part in the canvass on gen-
eral principles for the Republican party. But,
sir, it was a very rare thing to see a drunken
man. Why? Because they had no distilleries
in the country, and it required the transporta-
tion of whisky over very rough mountain roads
from seventy to one hundred and fifty or even
two hundred miles, so that it cost too much to
get it there. Hence you hardly ever could get
a drink if you wanted it in any part of the dis-
trict. I will add that the state of society is
vastly improved in that country; the people
are more industrious; and the revenue col-
lected is more than tenfold what it was before.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
California to withdraw his amendment so that
I may renew it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am still inclined to be-
lieve the more this debate proceeds that the
committee have gone quite low enough, al-
though I am willing this amendment should
be made in order to try the sense of the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon it. Now, it may be
remembered that there are two kinds of dis-
tillation—of the whiskies which are made from
grain, and of the brandies which are made
from fruits—and that we have adopted a pro-
vision to meet the case of first distillation. So
far as whisky is concerned, the distillation of
spirits from grain, the grain being abundant
throughout the whole country, it is impossible
to let down your standard and take away your
guard about the distillation without danger,
and therefore you have to have at every dis-
tillery where whisky is made a storekeeper
kept at an expense of five dollars a day to the
Government. You have to have reports regu-
larly made; you have to have the continual
supervision of the revenue officers; and this
all because it is dangerous to let the standard
be lower than is proposed so far as the distill-
ation of grain is concerned. When you come
to the distillation of fruits there is not the same
danger. Fruits are not so abundant. Brandy
made from grapes, apples, or peaches cannot
be made to an unlimited extent, because the
orchards are not like the grain fields covering
the whole face of the country, and it is neces-
sarily, therefore, a much smaller business. To
meet this condition of things, therefore, we
have provided that—
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby
authorized, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to exemptdistillcrsof'brandy from apples,
peaches, or grapes exclusively, from such other of
the provisionsoftbisaetrelatingto the manufacture
of spirits as in his judgment may seem expedient.
But not to abate the tax thereon. That, is,
he may say to those who are distilling from
fruits, "You need not have an expensive meter,
costing from $200 .to $2,000; you need not
have storekeepers; you need not have surveys
of your distilleries, and the expense of diagrams
hung up and returned; you need not have the
painting of pipes and of all the different parts ;
you may be relieved from these onerous pro-
visions which relate to the manufacture." And
now I ask if that is not saying enough to them ?
A man who is distilling from grain ought to
make fifty barrels a year, or else ought not to
run the business at all.
But then there comes the difficulty, which I
appreciate, suggested by the gentleman from
California. They distill brandy at the vine-
yards for the purpose of " doctoring,as it is
called,' their wines, which have not body
enough to keep without the aid of a little
brandy. Now, what will be the effect if you
continue the law as it is and require every dis-
tiller even of fruit, to distill as much as will
justify him in paying a special tax of §200,
which is equal to fifty barrels a year? It will
simply be this : that in a neighborhood a num-
ber of owners of vineyards will unite together
and support a distillery for brandy. In the
whole island of Madeira, as I know very well
from having gone all- over it and remained
there some time, there are but some three or
four distilleries, or were a number of years ago,
for all the vineyards on the entire island.- Gen-
tlemen may say that in California there would
not be the same convenience as in an island
only twenty miles in extent. Well, that is
true ; but still in eaeh neighborhood there are
a few vineyards near enough to eaeh other to
support probably one distillery to make fifty
barrels altogether for all the vineyards. Some
four, five, six, or eight vineyards could thus
be supplied by one man setting up a distillery
for the convenience of the whole, or some one
of the number doing it. It is easy meeting
that difficulty; and is it not better even to
drive the people to a necessity of this kind,
though it may seem for the moment to inter-
fere a little with their business, rather than
open the door by letting the measure down so
low that there will be a distillery without re-
striction everywhere, upon every farm and in
every vineyard ?
Now, it must be remembered that if you put
it low for fruits you put it low for grain, and
you will have all over the country, as my col-
league on the committee says, if you bring it
down to twenty-five barrels a year, distilleries
making whisky where you have to have meters,
whereyou have to keep up storekeepers at five
dollars a day, and all these onerous provisions.
They really make nothing by the operation,
because the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
has no authority to exempt the distillers of
grain from the onerous provisions of the law
in regard to the process of manufacture and
the incumbrances upon it which he has in
regard to distillers of fruit. But wehaveabund-
antly provided for the distillation of fruit by
that very liberal provision contained in the
second section of the amendment, that the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may let
such distillers off from all those burdens.
After these remarks of mine shall have been
replied to by some gentlemen feeling an inter-
est in this subject, I believe I shall be com-
pelled to move that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing debate upon this particular
amendment.
Mr.HAWKINS. Idesire toofferanamend-
ment to section fifty-nine of the printed amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is now in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renewed pro forma the
amendment to the amendment, and any gen-
tleman who desires to speak can do so in op-
position to that amendment.
Mr. HAWKINS. Idesire to move an amend-
ment to the fifty-ninth section, which will be
different from the amendment now pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. We can only move an
amendment to an amendment, and that has
already been done. Until that has been dis-
posed of no other amendment is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire only to say that
with the construction of the law held by the
chairman of the Committee of W ays and Means,
[Mr. Schenck,] if this section is allowed to
stand as reported from that committee it will
put an end entirely to the distillation of spirits
from the fruits of our orchards—apples and
peaches. Our people will not be able to pay
the special tax of $200 for the privilege of
distilling and then pay in addition the tax of
fifty cents per gallon, for all the spirits they
would make would not sell in the market for
enough to meet the tax.
It is worthy of remark that all the objections
to my amendment come from gentlemen rep-
resenting portions of the country where large
distilleries are carried on, from the members
I from Iowa and Ohio. Even my friend from
j Kentucky [llr. McKee] lives in a district that
■ seems to have commenced the carrying on of
j large distilleries. And my amendment does
not gore their ox. I speak of the condition of
things which exists in th e part of the country
which I represent, which existed there before
the war, and which has existed there almost
ever since the country was inhabited by white
