1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
people, and which would exist there still if the
present law did not operate as an absolute
embargo.. I insist that it is not right to so
legislate ; that we are not .sitting heie in judg-
ment over those men. We are not here as
censors of morals. Our business is to provide
means for collecting taxes from the people of
the country. From him that hath much we
should take much, and from him that hath
little we have no right to exact any more in
proportion than we take from him that hath
much.
Now, I do not agree with my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] in his construction of the
per diem, provision of the law in regard to the
business of distilleries. Where a distillery is
suspended, then the law provides that not more
than two dollars a day tax shall be collected;
but where it is closed altogether, where it is
entirely stopped, where the distillery is oblit-
erated, stopped, and destroyed, the law does
not authorize the collection of the per dievi
tax. I refer to distilleries where the business
of distilling is stopped, where the doors of the
furnace are closed as the law here provides,
and where the establishment is entirely ended
and not merely suspended. It all comes back
to the one question whether these men who are
engaged in carrying on small distilleries, using
what are known as the copper stills of the
country, stills not producing to exceed eight
gallons of spirits per day, whether they shall
be compelled to pay the same tax that the men
do who make it a business carried on with a
large capital, and instead of furnishing a liquor
that merely makes men drunk furnish a fluid
that is more deadly than any poison that can
be taken into the system.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCIv. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. AXTELL. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. I desire to state a few facts
to the committee in connection with the par-
ticular section of the country which I have the
honor to represent here.
I am obliged to our able chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means for the kind-
ness with which he has spoken of our interests.
1 acknowledge the fact that he seems to under-
stand a portion of our difficulty. But I desire
to call his attention and the attention of this
committee to the fact that he fails to com-
prehend another portion of the difficulty under
which we labor; thatis, the very great distances
between our vineyards. The district which I
have the honor to represent is six hundred
miles in length by two hundred and fifty miles
in breadth; and while passing by vineyards
within the last few months 1 find that the grape
is being cultivated very successfully in the
counties of Los Angelos, San Eernandina, San
Luis Obispo. Sau Diego, and oth^r southern
counties of California, in valleys where there
are no neighborhoods and where the valleys
are from thirty to sixty miles from each other.
They make there very considerable quantities
of wine—wine that adds to the health of the
country—wine that does not increase drunk-
enness. The people who carry on this manu-
facture are sustaining themselves during the
infancy of their business by the most careful
economy, the most earnest and persistent in-
dustry. There is a portion of the grape crop
and a portion of the peach crop which they can-
not use themselves except to a limited extent,
but which, when manufactured into brandy,
help to sustain the family, to pay the workmen,
and to keep that business in operation.
I do not believe that in this wide extent of
country there is any greater interest than the
wine interest; and'it is a growing interest,
?,s,AnSe!os numbering already more than a
mil.ion vines. We shall before many years
raise wme enough in that region to supply the
whole country and render the importation of
wine Horn foreign countries unneceshary. But
these small distilleries have been very import-
ant aids in the business of our people ; and I
understand that tho " extra&rdinarvdecis-
ion So wjbiph the gentleman from Ohio [Mr
Schenck] has referred was made partially
with a view to our necessities. There was a
necessity that the owners of vineyards should
be allowed to manufacture; otherwise we should
lose a large portion of our grape crop. It
seems to me it would be good policy to reduce
this special tax to $100, which, with the other
taxes, will be as much as our brandy should
be compelled to pay. As for the policy of
"crushing out"—that, I believe, is the term—
it may have worked admirably in the district
of the gentleman who represents the " cross-
roads" section of Kentucky; it may have
diminished drunkenness there by "crushing
out " the small distilleries ; but in the district
of country for whose interests I am now plead-
ing we have neither "cross-roads" nor that
kind of drunkenness. We are engaged in a
legitimate manufacturing business. And, sir,
my experience is different from that of some
other gentlemen ; for in my section of the
country the boys do not resort at night to the
groceries of the neighborhood ; they are other-
wise engaged. I assure members of the
House that, as has been well represented by
my colleagues, it would be a great injury to
our section of the country to crush out these
small distilleries which manufacture brandy
from grapes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCIC. I ask unanimous consent
that all debate on the pending amendment
close.
There was no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his amendment to
tho amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Maynard, it was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. All that relates to special
taxes in this hill was last year taken out of the
general bill to be incorporated in the act then
passed with regard to whisky and tobacco. I
now ask unanimous consent that that portion
may be restored to its place in the general bill.
There was no objection.
Mr. HAWKINS. I move to amend by add-
ing to section fifty-nine the following:
But the distillers of brandy from apples, peaches,
grapes, and other fruit alone, shall not be subject to
the tax imposed by this section: nor shall they be
subject to pay any tax upon any still when the same
is not running.
This amendment, Mr. Chairman, is designed
to obviate a difficulty which occurred last year
in my section of the country. The Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, in his regulations
with refeience to this matter, decided that
under the existing law distillers of brandy from
fruit are subject to the same regulations as
those distilling whisky from grain. Prior to
the issuing of the regulations published by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue these men
had to obtain their licenses for fruit distilla-
tion ; and the effect of those regulations made
by the Commissionerwas, that nearly the whole
fruit crop went to waste, instead of being dis-
tilled into spirits as it formerly had been.
I wish to say a word in reply to my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. PRice,] who is opposed to
making drunkenness cheap. The operation
of this law has been such that there is only one
distillery in my whole district, and that has
been started within the last thirty days. I am
at a Joss to comprehend why there is such an
opposition to the distillation of spirits by per-
sons who cannot engage in it on a large scale,
and m favor of those who can. I cannot see
why it is moral to manufacture spirits in large
quantities, and immoral to manufacture them
in small quantities. If it is immoral to author-
ize their manufacture in small quantity, it does
occur to me that it is much more immoral to
authorize persons who have large means to
manufacture them in very large quantities.
Such a provision as that which is urged on
the part of the committee must inflict a great
injury upon the business in the country. My
understanding is, that it has been the policy of
the country to encourage the domestic manu-
facture of'whSst is u^ed by our own people; but
the policy th#t se<e;ms ;to be proposed here is,
that we should regulate and arrange these
matters in such a way as to prevent a large
portion of our people from manufacturing what
they need for their own use, so as to throw
the whole business into the hands of a few peo-
ple who have large means and carry on large
establishments. I am totally unable to com-
prehend any such policy. The object of my
amendment is to secure some sort of certainty,
so that the law itself shall provide the terms
with which these distillers shall be compelled
to comply, and not leave the matter to depend
upon sombody's mere will and fancy for the
moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not understand where
the gentleman proposes to have his amendment
come in.
Mr. HAWKINS. I propose to have jt come
in on page 72, in the fifty-ninth section.
Mr. SOHENCK. That has been stricken
out and another provision has been inserted in
its place.
Mr. HAWKINS. I only wish to have some
certainty about this matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. While the gentleman is
finding where he shall insert his amendment,
I have only a word to say. What have we done?
We have provided that no distillery shall be
compelled to pay a special tax, except on the
standard of $100 and where it makes at least
twenty-live barrels a year. In regard to all
these fruit distilleries we have provided that the
Commissioner shall have permission to relieve
them from the different oppressive provisions
of law in regard to the process of manufacture,
at his discretion. If he does not think they
ought to keep meters he can relieve them from
so doing. If he thinks they ought not to file a
survey, they are to be relieved. If he does not
think they ought to keep storekeepers, they are
to be relieved. And so it goes on to the end
of the chapter.
Now, what do gentlemen come here and pro-
pose ? They propose, as near as I can under-
stand it, that these small distilleries shall be
relieved from all tax. I presume they will not
be satisfied until we go further and vote out of
the Treasury a dollar a gallon for making
whisky. Then, I suppose, the small distillers
will be satisfied. I do not know what else will
satisfy them.
Mr. Hawkin's amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLEY. I propose to offer amend-
ments to sections fifty-six and fifty-seven. In
section fifty-six, in lines two and three, I move
to strike out the words " within nine months
after the passage of this act" and to insert
" on or about the 1st day of July, 1870."
The CHAIRMAN. That has already been
amended by striking out the words "within
nine months after the passage of this act "and
inserting " on or before the 20th day of April,
1869."
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to follow that up by
striking out, in line seven, the words "passage
of this act " and inserting " 20th day of July,
18G8."
The CHAIRMAN. That has already been
agreed to by the committee.
Mr. KELLBY. The first has not been done.
I move to strike out, in lines eightand nine, the
words "for the period of more than nine
months after the passage of this act," and to
insert " more than three years after the de-
posit in said warehouse."
The CHAIRMAN. That portion has al-
ready been amended by striking out, in lines
eight and nine, "for the period of more tbs,n
nine months after the passage of this act" and
inserting "after April 20, 1869."
Mr. IvELLBY. My amendment is to strike
out "1869" and insert " 1870." Myobjectin
offering this amendment is to give to the man-
ufacturers of fine whiskies for the table the guar-
antee of the bonded warehouse as to the age of
their whisky, and to allow them another year
before compelling them to take it out. The
argument on this question was made at the last
action of the House upon the bill, and the time
was then extended. I now propose to extend
the time for another year, so that they may not
