206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
cation. No nation can be really great unless
its means of intercommunication are ample.
Its comparative influence depends rather upon
roads and ships than upon armies. The empires
of the past have been great only while they main-
tained their superiority in modes of transit.
The highways of imperial Rome supported her
ascendency as well as her legions. Internal
commerce is the life-blood of a nation, as es-
sential to national existence as an army ornavy,
more essential than separate departments of
the Government or the careful division of po-(
litical power. As an object of government in-
ternal commerce is only secondary to the pres-
ervation of life and property. This principle
was recognized by the framers of the Consti-
tution. They could not foresee the new modes
of transit devised in recent times, but they de-
clared the power of the nation, not only over
external but internal commerce, when between
States. When the canoe, the scow, the keel-
boat, and the raft were the agents of commerce
on navigable rivers they secured the power of
Congress over them. When the sailing vessel
owned by private merchants and engaged in
free competition on the ocean and lakes were
the agents of commerce, jurisdiction over them,
the power to regulate them, was carefully re-
served to Congress. The control over com-
merce, the duties levied upon commerce, the
necessity for uniform commercial regulations,
were leading inducements for the formation of
the national Government, and these powers
were clearly and fully given to the new Gov-
ernment. Jf the framers of the Constitution
could have foreseen the forty thousand miles
of railroads and the steamships, telegraph, ex-
press, and transportation companies that now
are the ngent.8 of commerce, overlapping State
lines and extending their operations to the re-
motest hamlets of the country, they could not
have adopted language more clearly conferring
upon Congress the power over all these agen-
cies than the language of the Constitution.
Heasoning thus from the nature and charac-
ter of our Government and the language of the
Constitution, I cannot doubt the full power of
Congress not only to regulate the commerce
among the States conducted by existing rail-
roads, but when it deems it expedient to build
new railroads, either directly by the money of
the people or by corporations created by it;
and this view is strengthened by the history of
the Constitution.
The debates in the Congress of the Confed-
eration that preceded the Convention show
that the necessity of the regulation of com-
merce by Congress, and the prohibition of
State taxes and restraints on commerce, was a
chief cause which led to the national conven-
tion, and one upon which there was least divis-
ion of opinion.
Mr. Hamilton, in No. 11 of the Federalist,
says:
importance of the Union, in a commercial
lisht, isoncoi those points about which there is least
room to entertain a difference of opinion, and which
has, 111 fact, commanded the most general assent of
fnen who have any acquaintance with the subject.
Tins applies as well to our intercourse with foreign
countries as with each other."
The debates in the Convention show that the
national power over commerce was conceded
to be of primary importance, and especially
the smaller States of Connecticut and New
Jersey demanded for their safety against un-
friendly legislation by the great States of New
York, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts, that
commerce should be regulated bv the General
Government. _ Mr. Dayton, of'New Jersey,
was veiy .solicitous lest "Pennsylvania would
tax New Jersey under the idea of inspection
duties, of which Pennsylvania would judge."
It never entered the mind of Mr. Dayton
that New Jersey would lay an embargo between
New York and Pennsylvania, or, by a monop-
oly, levy the great body of her taxes on the
travel between these great neighboring States.
That the power over commerce was a leading
power of wide range and subject to abuse was
conceded. Efforts were made to limit it to
foreign commerce, and to require a two-thirds
vote for commercial regulations; but these
efforts failed, and the power was left to Con-
gress in the most comprehensive language.
It was not only conferred in general lan-
guage, but to avoid the inference that the power
might, by construction, be confined to foreign
commerce, unusual tautology was adopted by
declaring it to extend to commerce among the
several States.
Second. Legislative precedents.
The power of the United States to build works
of internal improvement within the States has
been settled by a scries of precedents stretching
through our entire legislative history and sanc-
tioned by every department of the Government.
The public records show that the policy in some
form or other has been coeval with the exist-
ence of the Government, and the rapid prog-
ress of the nation is evidence of the wisdom
of the policy. Vetoes have sometimes limited
the general power for a time, but these are
exceptions to the general rule. Rivers and
harbors have been improved ; canals have been
made; turnpikesand railroads have been con-
structed; private property has been appropri-
ated for public use, and almost every form of
commercial improvement has been authorized
and constructed by the authority of the Gen-
eral Government.
A long list of these appropriations is con-
tained in Professor Baeh6's report to Con-
gress some years ago, and in Wheeler's History
of Congress. From these it appears that ap-
propriations for internal improvement have
been made during every Administration, for a
great variety of improvement, and varying in
character as commercial agencies advanced
from turnpikes to canals, steamboats, and rail-
roads. -
The Cumberland road was commenced in
the time of Mr. Jefferson. In the administra-
tion of Mr. Monroe the system of internal
improvements was revived. The instructive
debates in the Senate in 1824 and I8;!0 ex-
hausted the constitutional argument. I cannot
add to the arguments then made, and I will
not consume the time of the Senate in reading
extracts here. Mr. Webster, in his second
reply to Mr. Hayne, proved conclusively that
Mr. Calhoun, the champion ofthemost. limited
authority of Congress, had repeatedly con-
ceded and voted for the unlimited authority
of Congress over public improvements, with or
without the consent of the States. And, sir,
when we reflect upon the march of events,
upon the debates and acts of this Senate dur-
ing the last eight years, it seems idle to pause
over the exercise of a power to build a national
railroad to the capital of the nation when its
necessity is so clearly demanded for the public
good, and when it is only resisted by the inter-
est of private corporations demanding a monop-
oly in the name of State rights.
If Senators desire to follow the constitu-
tional argument further, they will find in the
memorial to Congress of the Chicago internal
improvement convention of 1848, the author-
ship of which is attributed to John C. Spencer,
of New York, an argument that, to my mind,
is conclusive upon every objection made to the
power of Congress by the several veto mes-
sages of Presidents Polk and Tyler. This
argument is ou the record of Congress, and
deserves a place among the ablest State papers
of this century, f can add nothing to it.
A claim is sometimes made that though the
power of Congress to build railroads is settled
by legislative precedents, yet that Congress
cannot condemn land for that purpose without
the assent of the State. This claim is cer-
tainly untenable. The general power includes
all the necessary and proper means to carry it
into execution. This cannot be done without
appropriating land.
It is true that the States within which an
improvement was to be made have usually not
only consented to the improvement, but have
petitioned for and aided in the construction.
In some cases Congress has required the eon-
sent of the Stale as a condition-precedent to
the construction of public works ; but this has
been done not from a want of power, but to
secure local cooperation and aid.
TheConstitution, as adopted,gavethepower
without protecting the citizen m his light of
private property. This was corrected by arti-
cle five of the amendments, which declares
that private property shall not be taken for
public use without just compensation. It is a
safeguard to the citizen, and not to the State.
The general power remains, and in no ease
does its exercise depend upon the consent of
the State or any act of the State, and no act
of the State can limit or affect the power of
Congress, which, within its constitutional au-
thority, is supreme.
The authority of Congress to build roads,
canals, and all forms of internal improvement
has been sustained by the Supreme Court when-
ever questioned before that tribunal. Though
the direct question whether Congress may, in
disregard of a State law, build a railroad within
a State has never been presented ; yet the tenor
of thedecisious of that court has always upheld
the power of Congress to adopt its own agen-
cies in the execution of its delegated powers
and to disregard any obstructions set np by a
State. The United States Bank cases and the
Wheeling bridge case sustain all that is at-
tempted by this bill. Whether the bank was
an agency proper and necessary for the execu-
tion of any of the express powers of Congress
was a question of doubt, but no man will ques-
tion but that a railroad between Washington
and New York is an agent of commerce between
States, essentially and vitally necessary for the
postal, military, and commercial service of the
United Stales; and to hold that no such agent
shall exist except it be created by a State, con-
trolled by a State, regulated by a State, made
a monopoly by a State, and beyond the power
of Congress, is to destroy the essential quali-
ties of a supreme national Government. It is
secession intensified, for if a State seceded it
lost the benefit of the protection of the Gen-
eral Government; but a State that can grapple
and control for her own interests merely all
communication over her territory could enjoy
all the benefits of Union and yet inflict upon
her sister States all the injuries of separate
governments. The ease of New Jersey is a
marked and, fortunately for the country, an iso-
lated example of this policy. Pier territory
lies between the two great cities of the conti-
nent. It is generally level, presenting no diffi-
culties for constructing railroads. She receives
vast local benefits from her proximity to those
cities. One of those cities controls the com-
merce of the continent, the other is the chief
manufacturing city of the continent. The road
between them should be open, free, easy, and
cheap. Every mode of transit should compete
for the exchange of commodities and produc-
tions. Yet New Jersey undertakes to declare
that but one corporation shall transport all these
commodities and productions, and that this
corporation shall collect for her a tax on all
this commerce. This monopoly has been main-
tained for years, but expires within the present
year. Efforts will be made for its renewal.
At all events it will have power enough to pre-
vent State authority for the construction of
rival lines. Now, therefore, is the proper time
to assert the authority of Congress to regulate
commerce among tho States by authorizing
new lines of transit; by encouraging competi-
tion, improvement, and enterprise ; by making
the construction of lailroadsas free as the con-
struction of merchant vessels and blacksmith
shops, and by guarding by general laws the
lives and safety of passengers on railroads as
well as steamboats. We have already by a
general telegraph law greatly increased the
competition in that agency of commerce. We
have often exercised our power to reg.ilate
commercial vessels, both on the sea and on the
rivers. The iron track is now the great com-
mercial road of mankind. Over it the com-
merce of men is now greater than by all kuids
of navigable water. The locomorive is either
superseding or revolutionizing the canal-boat,
the sailing vessel, and the steamboat. It is
