1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
creeping up every valley and overleaping every
mountain of our vast country. It is every-
where the agent of commerce and civilization.
It has added more to the wealth of our country
than all the land and houses and possessions
Wfie worth forty years ago. If the railroad
and telegraph are not national, then nothing
is national. If railroads can only be built, by
a Pirate, regulated by a State, monopolized by
a State; it a State can prevent their construc-
tion to promote some local interest or monop-
oly, then our Government is not national.
The fear of Mr. Dayton, of New Jersey, has
come true. A State, under pretense of State
law, taxes other States.
It is one of the great beauties of our Consti-
tution, framed by men of rare wisdom, that
though man may invent and magnify; though
the habits and agencies of their day are swept
away by the inventive genius of their children ;
though our population has increased twelve-
fold, and our country extends across the Con-
tinent, yet that the general principles and pow-
ers they have ingrafted in the Constitution,
like the teachings of the Bible, meet all changes,
all time, all diversities of condition, wealth, and
population, and, applied with a liberal and fail-
construction, regulate agencies and things of
which they had no conception, in harmony with
their central idea of a local government for
local purposes merely, affecting only the people
of the State ; a national government for gen-
eral purposes, affecting the people of different
States. I bebeve, sir, that in authorizing the
construction of these railroads we exercise no
doubtful power, while if our legislation is fol-
lowed, as I hope it will be, by their speedy con-
struction, we will have contributed not only to
the local interests of this District, but to the
common good and general welfare of the whole
people of the United States.
Mr. President, in accordance with the notice
I gave to the Senate, I now move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed
until Monday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. 11. No.
728) relating to the Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing in the Navy Department, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1428) authorizing the ad-
mission in evidence of copies of certain papers,
documents, and entries.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 738) to re-
lieve from disabilities John G. Stokes, a citi-
zen of Alabama.
ENROU.15D BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
11. No. 1428) authorizing the admission in evi-
dence of copies of certain papers, documents,
and entries ; and it was signed by the President
pro tempore.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 728) relating to the Bu-
reau of Steam Engineering in the Navy Depart-
ment, was read twice by its title and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MISS SUE MURPIIEY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
being bill (S. No. (525) for the relief of Miss
Sue Murphey, of Decatur, Alabama, on which
the Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Willey]
has the floor.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I do not
propose to detain the Senate more than a few
minutes. In regard to the facts in the case
now under consideration I am not familiar
with them; but there is a principle involvedin
this bill that in my estimation is very important,
and it is therefore important that we should
now come to a correct decision in regard to it.
Before proceeding to notice t^question really
at issue it*, would be well en#%h to divest it of
some extraneous matte^that Senators seem
disposed to\hrow around it.
Mr. Presidmjt, thi/Os not a bill to assess the
United States ffllj^amages done by the armies
of the United Sratt's^<jr by any other author-
ity. It is not a question of damages. Itisnot
whether we shall pay for property destroyed
ineidently in the prosecution of the war, or
accidentally in the prosecution of the war,
but it is a bill for compensation for the prop-
erty of a loyal citizen of the United States,
taken under and by virtue of competent au-
thority upon the part of the United States, and
appropiiated and used for the benefit of the
United States. The honorable Senator from
New York [Mr. Conklixc] stated yesterday
that lie thought there would be greater equity
in extending the liberality and the pity of Con-
gress to the loyal men who had been perse-
cuted and harassed by the rebels in the South
only because they were loyal, for injuries
which they had received in consequence of
their loyalty, and for no other cause, than to
grant the relief asked for in this bill. But, sir,
this is a misconception of the principle of the
bill, similar to that of Senators who suppose
that this claim is one for damages done.
This bill does not predicate the claim to the
consideration of Congress upon any wrong done
to a loyal citizen within the enemy's territory ;
it is not for any damages done to any loyal
citizen within the enemy's territory; it is not
to compensate for any wrong received by a
citizen in the enemy's territory either at the
hands of the rebels or at the hands of the
United States ; but it is to make compensation
for the benefit which the United States have
received. Any matter of wrong to the claim-
ant is wholly a matter outside of this bill. It
is for the benefit that the United States have
received, not for the wrong that a citizen living
in the enemy's territory received. It is, sir,
whether, having received the property of a
loyal citizen residing within the territory of the
enemy, (as is alleged, though incorrectly so,)
and used to the benefit of the United States,
there is not a moral, a legal, a religious obli-
gation upon the United States to pay a fair
compensation for it. Sir, I contend that there
is; that by every principle of justice ; that by
every principle of equity; that by every prin-
ciple of honor; that by every principle of com-
mon honesty, we cannot escape the obligation
to pay for property that we have taken belong-
ing to a loyal citizen, no matter where he
resides, and have received the benefit of in its
uso m the support of our armies or in support
of the cause of the Union in the prosecution
of the war.
The honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] said that this would raise the ques-
tion whether we were not bound to pay for
every article of property seized by General
Sherman as he passed across the fields of the
South. Well, sir, so far as I am concerned, I
say we are, if it was seized by lawful compe-
tent military authority and was the property
of a loyal citizen, and was duly and lawfully
appropriated to the benefit of our armies in the
prosecution of the war.
Why, sir, suppose in the pmsuil of those
robbers and raiders along the shores of the
North, who invaded, I believe, the State of
Vermont and seized upon some of its property
in its hanks, I believe, the United States had
sent its Army officers or any other competent
authority to seize those men raiding upon the
property of citizens of Vermont, and it had
become necessary in the prosecution of that
pioper object to take a horse of the honorable
Senator himself, as they passed across his
fields, and appropriate it to the use of the
party in pursuit of the offenders, and it was so
appropriated, and the public authorities of the
United Stales did so receive the use and benefit
of that property, would not every obligation
rest upon us to pay the honorable Senator from
Vermont for his horse or any other property
appropriated under those circumstances? We
have done it under similar circumstances, as
I shall show hereafter. We are estopped from
preferring any such objection by appropria-
tions for payment for property seized in Ohio
and property seized in Indiana during the Mor-
gan raid, which we have already paid for out
of the Treasury of the United States, or we are
still bound to pay for it by our own legislation.
Now, sir, let us look a little more into this
matter. Senators seem to think that those
general principles referred to the other day
by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
as lying at the foundation of our Government,
do not have any application here. Sir, I re-
gard the principle as fundamental and as
sacred that the obligation upon the part of
the United States to protect and defend its
citizens can never be abandoned with honor
to the United States so long as the citizen is
faithful to his obligations to the Government.
The obligation between the Government and
the citizen is mutual, and it cannot be pre-
termitted ; it cannot be dispensed with by one
party so long as the other party is faithful to
its obligation. While the citizen is faithful,
while he holds to his fealty, while he discharges
the obligation of citizenship, the theory of our
Government is and the principles of justice
and right are that the Government shall bring
to boar all its powers to the end that that, citi-
zen receives no detriment that shall not be
redressed. The obligation is as eternal as the
Government, and it is as sacred as the eternal
principles of justice, that while the citizen is
faithful to his obligations to the Government,
the Government is bound to see that he is pro-
tected, and that he receives no detriment from
any source, much less from the fostering and
paternal hand of the Government itself. And
so, sir, we have incorporated in the great
fundamental law of this country that sacred
principle that the Government, or its agents,
or its authorities, shall in no case take private
property for public use without due compensa-
tion.
Well now, sir, what is there in this case or
in the circumstances surrounding it to take it
out of the operation of these general piinc-i-
ples and from under the operation of this gen-
eral rule? Why, sir, it is said that this party
lived within the enemy's territory. The hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, the chairman
of the Committee on Claims, has said enough
to disabuse, the minds of the Senate of that
pretense, because from the time this property
was appropriated to this day that section where
the property was appropriated has never been
within the enemy's lines at all, as I understand.
But suppose it was so, what difference would
it make ?
Mr. MORTON. I ask for information in
what way this property was appropriated?
Was it by a formal order?
Mr. WILLEY. By the order of General
Sherman, as I understand, the commander in
authority, seized and appropriated for a lawfhl
military purpose. It was uotdestroyed in battle,
but it was seized to make a fortification to
secure our men from the bullets of the enemy,
to protect our soldiers and citizens—as lawful
a purpose as any that can be designated. It
was, as 1 understand, taken and appropriated
for a. lawful military purpose. That is all I
need say about the facts. It was taken and
appropriated for a purpose which in the opin-
ion of the commanding general was a neces-
sary purpose. In the prosecution of the war,
in the discharge of his duties as the commander
of the troops at that place, by his order, by his
authority it was so taken, so used; and by that
authority this loyal citizen has been deprived
of her property, which has gone to the benefit
of the United States; and now the question is
whether we will pay this loyal citizen for her
property, seized and appropriated in the man-
ner which 1 have suggested.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will permit
me I wish to ask him a question, because I
have not studied this matter, and do not know
how I shall vote upon the bill. I will ask him
