1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
involving the interests of a very large popula-
tioiiyjn Colorado. The House have passed the
bill;-and it being absolutely essential for the
settlement of titles of the land occupied by
nearly a thousand of the citizens of Colorado
that it should be passed at this session, I ask
that it be taken up. I think it will cause no
debate further than the reading of the bill and
the report. I will give way on the bill being
taken up, for the purpose of finishing the
morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any
Senator object?
Several Senators objected.
POWER TO TERMINATE DARATE.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
the following as an additional rule of the Sen-
ate, wlrich 1 ask may be printed and ordered
to lie on the table. I shall call it up for action
in a few days.
Rtjle —. While the motion for the previous ques-
tion shall not be entertained in the Senate, yet the
Senators, by a vote of three fifths of the members,
may determine the time when debate shall close
upon any pending proposition ; and then the main
question shall be taken by a vote of the Senate in
manner provided for under existing rules.
The proposed rule was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
759) to extend the patent granted to Gr. S.
Blodgett and P. T. Sweet, for oven for baking,
for seven years, reported adversely thereon.
ilr. THAYER, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of members of the Oneida tribe of Indians,
praying the passage of a law enabling them as
a tribe or nation to obtain redress for lands
sold for thein by the State of New York, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
929) granting lands and the right of way to the
Denver Central and Georgetown Railway Com-
pany; which w?,s read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous,
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S7
No. 930) authorizing certain land-grant rail-
road companies in the State of Minnesota to
connect their lines with the Northern Pacific
railroad; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mi-. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill _(S.
No. 931) to establish a uniform rule of natural-
ization ; which was read twice by its title.
Mx-. STEWART. As that bill is short, con-
sisting of but one sentence, I ask that it be read
at length.
The bill was read, as follows:
9
Be it enacted, cfec., That all white persons of foreign
birth, not convicted of crime, and who have not par-
ticipated iu insurrection or rebellion against the Uni-
ted States, and who now are or who shall hereafter
become permanent residents of the United Sta.tes
and elect to be citizens thereof, are hereby declared
naturalized citizens, and entitled to all the rights and
privileges of other citizens of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. The matter has been con-
sidered by the Judiciary Committee, and I
move that the bill lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that I object
to including the word " white" in that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
032) granting land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Stockton, iu California, to a
point of connection with the Southern Pacific
railroad at or near Tejon Pass, in California;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce'a bill (S.
No. 933) fixing the status of certain Federal
soldiers enlisting in the Union Army from the
State of Alabama; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 934)
to provide for the improvement of the river,
bay, and harbor of Mobile, in the State of
Alabama; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 224) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
COMMERCIAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to communicate to the Senate all correspondence or
otherinformation in his possession between the Post
Office Department and the Commercial Navigation
Company of the State of New York, and between the
Postmaster General and the Attorney General, in
relation to a contract with said Commercial Naviga-
tion Company for the weekly or semi-weekly con-
vcya,nce of all the European and foreign mails of
the United States between New York and Bremen,
touching at Southampton or Liverpool and touching
at Queenstoivn, authorized by a law of Congress
passed July 27, 180S.
brady's war views.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and as it is simply one of inquiry I ask
for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of securing
for preservation by the Government a collection of
war views and incidents photographed by Mr. M.
B. Biady, and now in his possession in this city.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, Mr. M. B.
Brady, photographer, during the war followed
the Army, and with an able corps of assistants
took views of war scenes and events, embracing
almost everything of interest to the historian
or'the professional soldier; every possible vari-
ation of camp life, the many contrivances and
inventions of the soldiers to render themselves
comfortable, sanitary measures, appliances for
embarkation and debarkation oftroops, destruc-
tion of railroads, speedy building of bridges,
saw-mills, and road-making. In addition, he
has numerous views of Union and rebel forts
complete and dismantled, showing the effect
of fire ; views of ships of war, transports, rebel
rams, and torpedo boats. He has purchased
since the war a large number of similar works
from others, and he has portraits of all the
distinguished generals and statesmen; the whole
comprising a very valuable collection, and one
which if accidentally destroyed can never be
replaced, and gives the best idea of the hercu-
lean task accomplished by our Army and Navy.
These views are now in a building which is not
fire-proof, and their preservation therefore be-
comes a matter of grave importance. Mr.
Brady has received since the war many offers
for the purchase of his collection by pnblic in-
stitutions, but has refused them ail, believing
that it should belong to the national Govern-
ment and be preserved from injury or destruc-
tion at the Capitol, where free access could be
had by the historical student, the artist, the
Army and Navy, and the public generally. Mr.
Brady has spent much time, money, and per-
sonal effort to complete this collection, and it
is, in fact, the principal work of a busy life. He
is naturally anxious that his labor should not
be in vain, and that a work so interesting to
every patriot should not be longer exposed to
the risk of loss or destruction.
The resolution was adopted.
NEW Y0UK REVENUE CASES.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
liesohe.d, That tho Attorney General be directed
to infotm the Sonato whether of not lie has directed
the .suspension, delay, ordisconitinjianeeof proceed-
ings against parties prosecuted iQ.New York,city for
frauds upon the internal revenue f and if so, in what
cases and for what reasons; a J go to communioate
to the Senate the correspondence .with the distriet
attorney on thesubject.
There being no objection, the- Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution. > • ' -
Mr. HENDRICKS. The first part' of the
resolution I should sympathize with, bntwith
the second part I should not. I would not
suppose it proper to call out the correspond-
ence between the district attorney and the
Attorney General. It may be.important that
it should not be brought out, and I should
think that it ought not to be brought out. We
ought to know something about the discon-
tinuance of some of the cases that have at-
tracted a good deal of attention, but I am not
in favor of the latter part of the resolution.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will move to amentj. the
last part of the resolution by adding the words
" if not inconsistent with the public interests."
The PRESIDENT protempore. Thatmod-
ification will be made, ,
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
AGRICULTURAL SOCIETIES.
Mr. COKBETT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Agriculture in-
quire into the expediency of passing a law allowing
every State in tho Union to be represented by at least
one person in the Agricultural Department at Wash-
ington , Distriet of Columbia, such person to be chosen
by the respective States at their annual State fair,
said person to act as the representativeof each State
in the distribution of seeds and" information pertain-
ing to the particular product of his State and of the
United States, and to correspond with the secretary
of his respective State agricultural and its county
agricultural societies.
EV1SNIKG SESSION I'OR TUESDAY NEXT.
Mr. RAMSEY". I move that on-Tuesday
next the Senate take a recessfrom four o'clock
until seven o'clock p. m., and that the evening
be devoted to business emanating from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONR.LING. Does the Senator think
that he will be able to get a full attendance for
that purpose ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume so. The busi-
ness of that committee is very interesting, and
I have no doubt it will attract thi Senate. .
Mr. BUCKALEW, I should like to ask the
Senator a question in regard to a measure in
which I feel an interest. I desire to know-
whether the committee has yet reported a bill
to abolish the abuses of the franking privilege,
and whether that will come up in order that
evening'?
Mr. RAMSEY. We intend to report a bill
to prevent those abuses, and that will come
before us on that occasion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then I will support the
motion strongly.
Mr. GKIMES. I wish to say that I do not
object to an evening session, although I prob-
ably shall not be able to attend it; but I know
that when you designate the particular kind of
business that is to be transacted at an evening
session, only those Senators who are specially
interested in the subjects that are going to
come under discussion attend the evening ses-
sion, and the result is that there is no fair
expression of the sentiment of the Senate on
the questions that come up; whereas if you
have a general evening session to do such
business as the Senate may determine to take
up, allowing every committee and every indi-
vidual memberof the Senate to have an oppor-
tunity to call up any business, you will have
nearly your whole Senate here. I do not know
what business there may be from the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads ; but I am
perfectly well aware that if an evening session
be set apart for that particular business those
Senators who are interested in the business of
that committee will be here, and those who
have no special interest in it will be very apt
to be away ; whereas if other gentlemen who
are interested in other subjects had a fair oppor-
tunity to be heard with their business npon
