208
THE. CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBji
January 6,
to state the difference in principle as to the
liability of the Government between a case
where property was seized, like this, for the
purpose of making a fortification, and where
the property of a Union man' was destroyed by
Geueral Sherman on his march without any
formal order; whether there is any difference
in principle between the two cases. If there
is not, then the payment of this claim would
make the Government liable for the property
of all Onion people destroyed by the-march of
our armies or in the progress of a battle. If
there is a distinction, I should be glad to have
the Senator state it.
Mr. WILLEY. I am certain that I shall
not be able to state the distinction any more
clearly than it must be apparent to the mind
of the honorable Senator himself. I have al-
ready stated that this bill was not for property
destroyed accidentally, incidentally, or by the
unauthorized action and trespass of any portion
of our armies. It must be apparent to the Sen-
ator that there is a wide distinction between
such a claim as that and a claim for property
seized and taken by competent military author-
ity and appropriated legitimately to the bene-
fit of the United States. Where a soldier or
ati officer commits a trespass or acts without
authority, he is simply a trespasser, and liable
to the laws for his trespass; and where an in-
jury occurs incidentally, not by the direct act
of the United States authorities themselves,
that may be the misfortune of the party upon
whom the injury falls; but here is a legiti-
mate order given by legitimate authority to
seize property and to apply it to a legitimate
pin-pose for the benefit of the United States,
and it creates, as I think, an implied obliga-
tion to pay for it, and if the authority that did
it, if the United States, were an individual in-
stead of the Government, it would imply such
a legal obligation as would sustain a suit and
authorize a recovery in assumpsit for the value
of the property so taken and used. I hold that
every honorable obligation rests upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States to be as faithful
to us unties and its obligations as any individ-
ual would be uuder our laws.
Now, Mr. Pn-bident, suppose that this case
hail occurred within our own lines ; suppose it
lutd occurred in the State of Ohio. I need not
argue upon that hypothesis, because the Senate
has aheady appropriated money for a case like
this that occurred in the State of Ohio. But
suppose ti is very case had occurred in the State
of Ohio, within the loyal lines. The Govern-
ment takes the property of a loyal citizen, has
need of it, applies it to a legitimate purpose,
and receives the benefit of it; would there be
no obligation resting upon the Government to
pay for that properly? Would not the obliga-
tion he complete? How could we escape it?
Sir, there would be no pretense that we could
escape it. There would be no effort to escape
it. We would recognize the obligation at once
and make au appropriation to pay for it when
the evidence was complete that the property
had been so taken, seized, and used.
How is the case different when it occurs
within the lines of the enemy? Authorities
have been introduced here by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Frklinghuy-
he.w] I propose to examine those authori-
ties; and I shall suggest that those very au-
thuiiiies establish a principle different from
that which they were quoted to prove by the
honorable Senator from New Jersey. I am
willing to recognize the application of the
principle of law that we can make no distinc-
tion between the loyal citizen and the disloyal
citizen within the enemy's lines during the ex-
istence of the war; but whenever the war
ceases that distinction ceases, and the original
obligation between the citizen and the Gov-
ernment resumes its full function and force;
and thereafter,when peace is declared and the
flag of the Government is agaiu established
over the rulellious territory, the rights and
privileges and immunities of the loyal citizens
resume their functions also, and they there-
after have a standing in court for any legiti-
mate rights which accrued during the exist-
ence of the war as between the Government
and such citizens.
The first authority quoted by the.honorable
Senator was that from Vattel, w>jtli which I
was familiar; but I suggest to ,®e honorable
Senator that the law does' ljot^Sfear him out in
the position which he hal^assumed. The
authority quoted by him is as follows:
" Civil war breaks the bands of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their force and effect;
it produces in the nation two independent parties
who can consider each other as enemies and acknowl-
edge no common judge. Those two parties, there-
fore, must necessarily be considered as constituting,
at least for a time"—
Mark that language, Mr. President, "at
least for a time"—
"two separate bodies, two distinct societies," &c.
The honorable Senator then proceeded to
quote from the prize cases, and came down to
Sirs. Alexander's cotton case. I propose to
invite his attention and consideration to the
extract which he read from the latter case,
and also to invite his attention to a further
extract from the same opinion of the Chief
Justice in that case. The clause of the opinion
of the Chief Justice which the honorable Seu-
atorfrom New Jerseyrelied upon is as follows:
" It is said that though remaining in rebel terri-
tory Mrs. Alexander had no personal sympathy with
the rebel cause, and that her property therefore can-
not be regarded as rebel property; but this court
cannot inquire into the personal character and dis-
position of individual inhabitants of enemy terri-
tory; wo must be governed by the piinciples of
public law, so often announced from this bench as
applicable alike to civil and international wars, that
all the people of each State or district in insurrec-
tion against the United States must be regarded as
enemies until by the action of the Lesislatui e and
the Executive"—
Mark that language —
"or otherwise, that relation is thoioughli and per-
manently changed."
Now, sir, is not the relation between this
Government and Alabama, the State where
this citizen lives, thoroughly changed ? Is not
peace restored? Is not the authority of the
United States Government, which never was
vacated there in point of fact, but was driven
away temporarily, reestablished over the terri-
tory of Alabama again ? Are not her Senators
upon this floor? Are not her Representatives
in the other Hall ? Are not all the functions
of the United States Government restored in
that State? Why shall not this loyal citizen
now, when the relations are thoroughly changed,
when the courts of the United States arc rees-
tablished there, and the authority of the Gov-
ernment is reestablished there, be recognized
in her rights?
Why, sir, let me read a further extract from
that opinion ; and I invite the attention of the
honorable Senator to it. If he had read a little
further in that opinion he would have found
the following. The court seem to imply that
it was only during the war that loyal persons
could have no standing in court, for they say,
'•Being now," that is, at the time when the
suit was prosecuted and the case was pending,
and the war was still raging:
" Being now a resident in enemy territory, and in
law ail enemy, she can have no standing in any court
of the United States so long as that relation shall
exist."
Implying that when that relation ceased she
could have a standing in court and would be
entitled to recover anyjust rights that aright have
accrued to her during the existence of the war.
Sir, the cases cited by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey do not, therefore, as I think,
carry him out to his conclusion. There is a
just reservation heie. There ought to be a
reservation here.
Why, Mr. President, just look at the case.
Here is a loyal citizen, standing firm by his
loyalty during all these terrible years of strife,
persecuted, driven from his home,east into dan- !
geons, and sometimes threatened with the gal- ■
lows ; still he stands firm by his integrity ; his
property is seized, his houses are burned by the
hands of the rebel over his head, and his family
are scattered abroad upon the land, thrust out ,
upon the cold charities of a community who
scowl upon him, and scowl upon his family,
because his heart has never faltered in his fealty
to his Government. The war ceases, and this
firm friend of the country comes out of the ■
smoke of the last battle with glad eyes and
bounding heart to salute his old flag, and he is
met by the Senate of the United States with the
response, "Sir, you are no better than a rebel;
any property that we seized and took of yours
might as well have been seized and burnt by the
rebels; we will not pay you a cent." That is
the statement of the case. You may talk about
international law, aud lawyers may cover over
this claim and the principle of this bill by the
technicalities of the law; but the sentiment of
every right heart revolts at all such injustice,
and says that when a great and magnanimous
nation like the United States receives from one
of its loyal citizens his property and applies it
to the benefit of the United States, that citizen
must and shall be paid every cent of the value
of the property so used.
Why, sir, look at the impolicy of any other
course. Suppose we reject this bill; suppose
we say to the people of the United States and
the world that we will make no distinction
between loyal men and disloyal men in insur-
rectionary districts; what will be the result in
time to come? What will be the result when
we have another war? Shall we have any loyal
person there to make a diversion in our favor?
What do we say to loyal men in rebellious dis-
tricts? We say to them, " You had better suc-
cumb at once ; your fealty to us is worth noth-
ing; your fidelity to US is only worthy of scorn
and contempt when you bring it to bear upon
any claim that you have upon the considera-
tion of Congress in the Senate of the United
States; you had better go to the rebels and
say to them, ' We are with you,' and thereby
keep persecution off your head and off your
family; you can expect no favor from us; we
regard you simply as we regard rebels, not
only during the war and under the exigencies
of the strife and the battle, but when we have
reestablished our authority you are then to be
no better than a rebel, and all your loyalty and
fidelity to the flag will be of no account and of
no avail in your behalf." Sir, there is not a
right-minded man 011 the face of the earth who
will not revolt at such a theory on the mere
statement of the case; and this is a true state-
ment of the question.
We are told that we cannot pay these claims
because the amount will be so large that we
shall not be able to rfieet the demand upon the
Treasury of the United States. Sir, there is a
mistake here. But suppose the amount is very
large, cannot a great and magnanimous nation
afford to pay it? In my opinion we can better
afford to meet hundreds of millions of dollars
in the discharge of our just and equitable obli-
gations than we can afford, as a great nation,
in the eyes of the world and of history, to
repudiate one dollar of just obligation which
is demanded at our doors. Why, sir, this is
repudiation, and nothing else. Can it be pos-
sible that the Government of the United States
will take from its loyal citizens their means,
their money, their property^ and apply it,
appropriate it, use it, receive the benefit of it,
and yet repudiate the obligation to make just
compensation for it? Sir, is it honorable? Is
it honest?
The honorable Senator from New Jersey
said yesterday that pestilence cometh some-
times, and it falls upon a city, and it makes no
distinction between the loyal and the disloyal,
the good and the bad. Let us apply his figure.
| What was the pestilence in this case? It would
! seem from the application given to it by the
I honorable Senator from New Jersey that it
I was General Sherman's army instead of the
: rebels. I hold that the rebels were the pesti-
lence, that Geueral Sherman was the physi-
cian, and that this lady's house which was
appropriated was the apothecary shop, and
that the physician seized the medicine—the
moans—belonging to this lady to drive away
the pestilence, the rebels. That is the Hue
application of his figure, if it has any applica-
