1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
tion. I hope lie will not be so ungenerous as
to refuse to pay the apothecary for the medi-
cine we used in driving away this terrible pesti-
lence. Would that be just? Does that con-
sist with the sense of equity and justice of the
honorable Senator.
Again, the honorable Senator cited the prin-
ciple of law recognized so long ago as we
learn from the authority he cited, that when a
city is in flames and the fire is marching with
its devastating track in one direction, you may
blow up a house in the liue of its progress to
arrest the conflagration. So yoa may; but
take care how you do it. You must show be-
yond all peradventure that the march of the
flames would not have stopped until it reached
the house, aud that if it had remained where
it stood without being blown up or removed it
would have burnt down; and you destroy it
at your peril unless you are able to show that
the danger was so imminent that the confla-
gration couid not have been prevented in any
other way. Therefore it is, sir. that the party
owning the building or the mansion can re-
ceive no compensation. Why? Because his
building would have been burnt up if it had
not been blown up; and it must be shown that
the danger was so imminent as to leave no
reasonable doubt that it would have been burnt
before authority can be presumed to blow it
up. There was no such danger here. No
such principle is applicable in this case. This
is simply a case where the proper authority of
the United States, whore the Army of the
United States, General Sherman at its head,
sitting down in peace, with the enemy in his
front to be sure, but the facts showing that
they never came behind where he was at that
time so as to reclaim the territory, and the ter-
ritory was never again within the enemy's
lines, seizes the property of a loyal citizen,
takes it, and applies it to the use of the United
States, and we get the benefit of it, and this
lady now applies at the doors of Congress for
compensation for her property ; and Senators
say that the laws of war, and Vattel, and the
prize cases, and the Mrs. Alexander ease will
not justify us in paying her ! The doctrine
cited might be applicable if the property of the
claimant had been destroyed to prevent its
falling into the hands of the enemy and being
used to our hurt by the enemy ; but no such exi-
geney existed in the case under consideration.
I have shown what this Alexander case
means, and what the law in Vattel means;
that they contain a reservation in favor of just
such a case as this. But if there was no such
reservation there is that in every man's heart
that says "pay it." Why, sir, to apply it to
an individual, suppose any of us had taken
this property on our own account and applied
it to our own use, any Senator would be in-
sulted if you asked him whether he felt that
there was an obligation on his part to pay for
it. How is the case changed in morals, or m
law, if you please, when the Government of
the United States, our great Government, steps
in and takes the property of a citizen? It is
bound by our theory of government to protect
him all the time, and there is no course left
but simply to pay for what we receive. There
Stands our constitutional obligation. _ We can
take no " private property without just com-
pensation." Away with your Vattel! Stand
by the Constitution. It is posterior to Vattel.
It supersedes Vattel, even if the Senator from
New Jersey rightly interprets him. Our Con-
stitution, not Vattel, is our rule of action. Its
requirement is founded in justice. It makes
no reservation of time or circumstances when
this provision is to be or not to be applied.
By its terms its force never ceases in war or
P8Mr.' President, I had no design to enter into
the discussion so much, at length as I have
done, and now I desire simply to make one
further remark in conclusion ; and that is, that
this is not a new principle of policy for which
I am contending to be introduced into the
legislation of Congress for the first time, it
we are to pay any regard to what we have done
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 14.
in the past, not in relation to the Armes case,
not in relation to the other cases that were
cited here the other day, but in regard to gen-
eral statutes having reference to this class of
cases aud to rights"like those involved in this
controversy ; if we are to pay any regard to our
own legislation in such cases, we are estopped
from denying .that there rests an obligation
upon us to pay this lady a just compensation for
her property.
How was it in 1862? I invite honorable
Senators' attention to this, especially the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] We not
only made a distinction- in the confiscation of
property between the loyal and disloyal, as
you will see by the act of 1862, section six,
adverted to the other day by the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, the chairman of the
committee, but he might have referred to an-
other section, and I will read that section, or
part of it—the tenth section
" That no stave escaping into any State, Territory,
or the District of Coiuuiuia, from any other State,
shall be delivered up, or m any way impeded or
hindeied of his libeity, except tor crime, or some
offense astaiust the laws, unless the person claiming
said fuiiiuvo shall first make oath that tlie person to
whom the labor or sei vice of such fugitive is alleged
to he due is his lawful owner, and has not borne
arms against the United States in the present rebel-
lion, nor in any way ^ivcii aid and comfort thereto.
Why, sir, we have here a statute binding us
to redeliver slave property to a loyal owner
living in the enemy's territory when he escapes;
and this in 1S02, when the war was raging and
in full force aud vigor; and to-day what do you
say to a loyal lady who comes here claiming
the poor pittance of compensation for all, I
understand, she had oil the face of the earth,
which was used by the Government—not slave
properly, not. property in human beings, but
the means of livelihood aud the place where
this lady had her only home and means of
refuge and covert from the storm—this was
taken from her. She comes here and asks
compensation for it, and, with a statute staring
us in the face that wo were willing in 1862 to
deliver slaves escaping from a loyal master
living in southern territory back again to bond-
age, we say to her, "Begone; you have no
standing here in the Senate of the United
States; we have got your property; we have
used it; tlie United States have received the
benefit of it; we do not pretend to deny that,
! but we do not intend to pay for it."
I Now, Mr. President, I hope that will not be
the case, and that the Senate will pause before
they put upon the records of the nation the
fact that the United States, under any circum-
stances, will avail itself of the use and benefit
01 the property of any of its loyal citizens and
yet refiue a fair aud just compensation for it.
Mr. FllKLlNGHUYSEN. Mr, President,
I rise to make a single remark ; for 1 confess
that if the view taken by the Senator from
West Virginia of the cases by me cited be cor-
rect 1 am m great error in reference to them.
If he lias got the spirit and meauing of either
of the cases to which he alludes I have not.
The Senator calls attention to the reference
in Vattel, which is in these words:
" Ihe=e two parties therefore must necessarily be
considered as constituting, at least for a time, two
separate bodies, two distinct societies.
And 011 the words "at least for a time"
tho Senator draws the conclusion that after
civil war ceases what transpired during its
continuance is to be judged of as if it had
transpired in a time of peace. And the same
construction is attempted to be given to the
very clear and explicit declaration of the Su-
preme Court in Mrs. Alexander s cotton case.
There the Chief Justice says—and I will assure
the Senator that I had read the whole case:
" We must be governed by the principles of public
law so often announced from this benek as! applicable
alike to civil and international, wars, that all tlie
people of each State or district m insurrection against
tho United States must be regarded as enemies until
by the action of the Legislature and the txecam e,
or otherwise that relation is thoroughly una perma-
nently ehanged."
Now, the idea of the Senator seems to be
that when the war ceases everybody has then
a claim for what tra,nspifed during the_wa^,.as
if no war Bad existed j tliat the vyar was onlj; a,
postponement of the rights of claimants ; while,
it is clear that the court intends and says that
the section in rebellion is to be considered as
enemy territory, subject to all tho.iucidonts of
war while war exists, but no longer. The
court does not inteud that the principlesof
peace and of municipal law are to be applied
to a period when the law is silent and when
martial law prevails.
I do not rise to again argue this question.
It is too plain. To insist that a victorious bel-
ligerent is bound in law to pay for the occupa-
tion of property in the enemy territory while
war existed is attempting to establish as law
that which is in direct opposition to established
law, in opposition to the teachings of elementary
books, to the doctrine laid down by'our own
courts. And to insist that after this nation, at
the entreaty aud prayer of the loyal people of
the South, have by the expenditure of mil;
lions of money and hundreds of thousands of
lives rescued the country, it is to be held liable
to make compensation for the injury resulting
from the w.ar is to attempt to visit with a
puuitive return the-greatest heroism.
1 know that local inleiests sometimes influ-
ence our judgment; but the States recently in
insurrection aud now reconstructed are inti-
mately interested in the welfare of the coun-
try, and the representatives from those States
should, I think, be careful not to aid in the
adoptiou of a principle injurious to a nation
as dear to them as to any other section. _ To
call upon the loyal North, after its expenditure
of blood and treasure and while loaded with
taxation, to inaugurate a system of payments
founded neither injustice nor in law would, 1
submit, be making a poor return for the great
work that has been accomplished.
Mr. IUCE. Mr. Presideut, this debate hav-
ing taken the turn that it has, bringing i,p_the
whole question of the payment of claims of the
loyal citizens of the South, 1 deem it my duty,
as my constituents are to some extent atfected,
to give my views upon the subject. I will do
so very briefly, because I have not examined
the legal questions in the case with very great
care from the fact that I was not aware that
this bill would bring up that subject in the
manner that it lias done.
This bill" as I understand, is for the payment
of a single individual for property appropriated
by the Government of the United States. There
seems to be some question as to the point
whether this was an appropriation of property
or was simply a destruction of property ; but
if it is to be regarded as an appropriation, if it
is to be regarded in the same light that we
should regard the taking of so many horses
and appropriating them for the use of the
Government, or the taking of so much^ corn
and appropriating it to Government use ; if it is
to be regarded in that light, and is to be acted
upon in that way, then it brings up a question
that is very important, and a question that if
settled aguinst the payment of these claims
cuts off the loyal men of the South from pay-
ment for all the forage and all the subsistence
stores that they furnished to the Federal A.rmy.
If the particular vote on this bill carried with
it nothing else but the defeat of the bill I do
not know that I should havu anything to say,
for I am not acquainted with the facts except
as stated by the chairman of the Committee of
Claims ; but if it is to have the cfi'ect of de-
claring the sense of tho Senate that they will
pay no claims for property used by the Army
in the South, then I have something tojsay.
The only point, asl understand, thatis made
against the payment of loyal citizens in the
South at all, is that they were hy the laws of
war constructive enemies during the war and
are to be treatedyet as enemies of the Govern-
ment of the United States. I know that that
is so laid down in the books as being the law
of war; but I know that that had its origin m
foreign wars, where the invaded country owed
no allegiance to the invaders, and where the in-
vaders owed no protection to the country tHat
