1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Ohio ha3 said, and in addition it seems to me,
if we do all that is asked, it is as much as it
would be worth while to do.
Mr.- SUMNER. Mr. President, there are
certain expenditures which are a positive loss;
there are other expenditures which are always
a positive gain. In the latter class I put the
expenditures for science. 'Now, sir, notwith-
standing the criticism that has been made by
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] on the
volumes relating to the Pacific railroad explora-
tions, I believe it is for the honor of our
country that these volumes have been printed.
The country has gained from those volumes
far more than any expense to which it has been
put. Now, the volumes which it is proposed
to print will be a positive contribution to
science, recognized as such by every man of
science,notonly in our own country,butthrough-
out the civilized world. But, sir, this is not
all; this is the weakest part of the case. What
is proposed to be done will be a positive aid to
humanity. There is not a hospital in this
country or any where in the civilized world
that will not be benefited by this publication.
There is not a sick man or a wounded man that
will not be benefited by it. We have this
knowledge now in our possession, and we ought
to be the almoners of it for the benefit of the
human race. Let us not hesitate, therefore,
at any expenditure, be it twenty-five or oue
hundred thousand dollars, more or less. In
the presence of such an object I submit that
the money is of very little consequence.
Now, as to the extent of the publication. I
understand that the materials in the hands of
the Surgeon General are very extensive, vol-
uminous, vast. They require and will demand
much consideration, aud it is proposed, so far
as I know, that they shall be compressed within
three volumes in quarto and of many pages
each, but in three volumes. I am told that in
those three volumes all that is essential can be
compressed, and 1 hope that the Senate will
not hesitate to make the proper appropriation
to secure the publication.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to explain one dis-
crepany; it is in form, not in substance. The
Surgeon General speaks of one volume of
eighteen hundred pages. The Congressional
Printer speaks of two volumes of nine hundred
pages each. He doubtless will print it in two
volumes, becauseeighteen hundred pages would
be too large for one volume. It is the same
amount of matter.
t ■ Mr. CONKLING-. IIow does the honorable
Senator explain the fact that Dr. Crane says
the eighteen hundred pages now ready consti-
tute one half of part one, and that additional
eighteen hundred pfyia will constitute the other
half of part one ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not so understand it.
Mr. BUCKALE W. Mr. President, it is evi-
dent that the medical authorities intend to pub-
lish this first part in a single volume. It seems
equally evident, from what appears, that at the
Congressional Printing Office somebody who
has some connection with this publication in-
tends to break it into two volumes and charge
upen the Government the additional expense
of binding a second volume and to repeat that
operation with each one of the subsequent
parts. I have before me a sample of a similar
proceeding on a former occasion. I have in
my hand the impeachment trial, which ought
to have been issued in two volumes, and which
ought to have contained an index in but one
of them. The matter was up in the Senate on
one occasion, and was a little debated. It was
proposed'to pass a resolution here providing
that there should be a single index, but it was
said that was not necessary, and it was left
open. The result is, that the first volume is of
proper size, the second volume is somewhat
less, and here is an abortion in the shape of a
third volume, and then you have a voluminous
index published in each one, repeated in all
the thre© volumes to swell fclie size and increase
the expense to the Government. Where the
job comes in I do not know, but it is perfectly
manifest to me that there is ^n'undue expend-
iture of the public money for some strange
reason. While the medical authorities intend
to publish a single volume, there are to be two
made up in the Government Printing Office,
or under some supervision there, in some
manner which I cannot understand.
Mr. ANTHONY. If my friend will allow
me, I will explain the whole of that and save
him all this trouble.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have but an addi-
tional word to say, and then I shall be very
happy to hear the Senator. I myself, npon a
suggestion that these volumes of the impeach-
ment trial were to be multiplied, endeavored
to persuade one gentleman who had some con-
nection with the publication to interpose to
prevent it, and I supposed that I had been suc-
cessful, but the result came out as I have
shown to the Senate. I think then, sir, we
ought to provide that this publication shall be
as the medical authorities desire it. It is their
publication, it is their work; all that the Gov-
ernment Printing Office has to do is to execute
the design of the medical authorities. It is
absurd to talk about the book being made too
large. I have here a volume of Hansard
which I hold in my hand, a volume not near
so broad as this publication will be, and there
are over two thousand pages in it. It is utterly
absurd to talk about there being any necessity
for breaking up this publication into nine-hun-
dred-paged volumes. I will now give way to
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay aside the pend-
ing resolution and all previous orders to take
up the concurrent resolution which I offered
on Thursday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall take a
vote on the matter we have been discussing.
Mr. NYE. I trust the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me to call up a little bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish very much to reply
to the Senator from Pennsylvania, but if we
can get a vote I will waive the privilege of
speaking.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is now the order of the day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that will be laid
aside informally to allow us to take the vote
upon this joint resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I appeal to the Senate
to enable the Senator from Rhode Island to
make a remark in explanation.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would much rather have
the vote than make any remark. If the Senate
will give us the vote I shall be satisfied. I can
only say that I can explain everything which the
Senator from Pennsylvania thinks is a job, but
I will not do it now. Let us have the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to pass by the special order informally
for the purpose of taking the vote on this res-
olution.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there is to be no dis-
cussion 1 shall not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the Chair will consider that
the regular order is laid aside informally ; and
the question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to the joint resolution, to insert
after the word "copies" the words of the
first part."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to add the
words, at the suggestion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, "inasingle volume ;" and then
I understand the volume will be of the thick-
ness of that which I hold in my hand, which
contains two thousand pages, and the volumes
proposed to be published will be each nine
hundred pages, so that it will be of a less num-
ber of pages than the one I hold in my hand,
which is not an inconvenient size for a book
merely of reference.
Mr. GRIMES. The book the Senator has in
his hand is printed on linen paper in very small
type, and has no illustrations at all. I never
yet read a book that had nine hundred pages in
it that I wonld not be perfectly content to lay
it down and lake np a second volume.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the special
order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the order of
the day 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not yielded the
floor. I was recognized and was speaking.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator yield
the floor to me, or will he move himself to
postpone the order of the day in order to dis-
pose of this question, which we may do in fifteen
minutes ? Will the Senator make that motion ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am willing to do so,
but I think we ought to finish one thing; we
ought to close up one matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At this
hour the order of the day supersedes all other
business, unless it be passed over informally by
common consent or be postponed by a motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the order
of the day be postponed in order to enable us
to dispose of this resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Michi-
gan lias had his own way for three or four
days, and it is time that somebody else should
have a chance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Rhode Island moves that the un-
finished business ofxyesterday be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which is the unfinished
business ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The river
and harbor bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not move to post-
pone it until to-morrow, but that it be laid
aside until this resolution is disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The question being put, there were—ayes
thirty-three.
" Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why cannot the Senator
be good natured and let it be postponed by
unanimous consent informally?
Mr. THAYER. Owing to the confusion
in the Chamber we cannot understand the
motion. I will ask the Chair to restate the
question to be voted on.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the'river and harbor
bill, being the unfinished business of yesterday,
takes precedence of everything else ; and the
Senator from Rhode Island moves that that be
postponed until to-morrow for the purpose of
proceeding with the resolution which has been
before the Senate. That is the question, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is pretty evi-
dent from the indications in the Senate that it
is the desire of the Senate to go on with this
resolution. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan, therefore, that by common consent
he allow it to go on temporarily and withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well ; I will let
the river and harbor bill be laid aside informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel bound to state that,
as I understand, the unfinished business of the
day is the currency bill. I wish to make that
point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Ohio does not care to make that point
now, by common consent we may close the
resolution before Ihe Senate, and that question
will come up when that is out of the way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is undoubtedly the river and
harbor bill. The same question was up yes-
terday, and the same decision made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I trust the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce will allow
that to be passed over until this is disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I consent to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business, being the special order, will be
passed by informally by common consent unless
