1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the report favoring this claim and propos-
ing that it should be satisfied by the appropri-
ation of money, I deem it proper to state the
views which controlled my action.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will give way I will move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Ken-
tucky yield the floor for that motion?-
Mr. DAVIS. I am indifferent as to whether
i the Senate adjourn at this time or not. I
frankly admit that I have made no mature
preparation to argue the great principles in-
volved in this case. I think myself that in
point of principle there never was a more
important bill before the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. That is the estimate in which I
hold the principles involved in this bill. The
honorable Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Rice]
has approximated very closely, if he has not
struck plumb, in my judgment, the principles
upon which this bill should be considered and
decided.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will yield the floor I will make the motion
that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky yield the floor for that
motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. I yield for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion" was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January G, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SOLOMON OLIVER.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1588) for the relief of
Solomon Oliver ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
ENLISTED MEN IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to : «
llesolved. That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform this House how many enlisted men of the
Army now on duty in Texas, Mississippi, and \ lr-
ginia were citizens or residents of the late rebal
States during the rebellion, and how many were sol-
diers in the late rebel army.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS OF VERMONT.
Mr. POLAND presented the following joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State ot
Vermont; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed :
Joint resolution relating to reciprocity of trade with
the Dominion of Canada.
Resolved by the Senate and Iloussof Jiep/'eseynahv?.*,
That, having an intelligent regard for the best in-
terests of Vermont, it is the duty of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress to use their influence
against the consummation of any treaty relating to
reciprocity in trade with the Dominion of Canada,
and to insist that the subject of our trade and com-
mercial intercourse with Canada, as well as with all
other foreign countries, is not a proper matter oi
ticatv stipulation, but belongs to Congress,^ and
should be wisely regulated by a judicious tariil. .
Resolved, That the secretary of State be, and is
hereby, dire cted to transmit a copy of this joint res-
olution to each of our^ei^oi^arul Repi^^tatives.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
STEPHEN THOMAS.
President of the Senate.
State op Vermont,
Office op Secretary ok State.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy
of ajoint resolution adopted by the (ieneral Assem-
bly at its annual sossion, A. D. 1868, as appears from
the files in this office.
In witness whereof,! hereunto subscribe my name
r and affix the seal of this office, at Northfield,
L1-s-j this 1st day of December, A. D. 1868.
GEORGE NICHOLS,
Secreta-ry of State.
Mr. POLAND also presented the following
joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Vermont} which .was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed:
Joint resolution concerning grants of the public
lands of the United States.
Whereas the Government of the United States has
from time to time granted largo tracts of valuable
lands to various, and almost all of the western and
southern States, for the purposes of aiding the edu-
cation or internal improvements in those States;
and. whereas the State of Vermont, although at all
times fully and completely doing her duty to the
"United States, has, in only one instance, been the
recipient of such bounty and favor from the United
States: Thereforo.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative*,
That our Senators and Representatives in Congress
are hereby requested to use their best endtmvors to
procure from tho Government of the United States
such grants of unappropriated public lands; for tho
aid and advancement of education, and for tho pro-
motion of internal improvements m the State of
Vermont, as will be just and equitable.
Rwoloed, That the secretary ol' State_ be, and is
hereby, directed to transmit an authenticated copy
of these resolutions to each Sonator and Represent-
ative for Vermont in the Congress of the "United
States.
GEORGE W. GRANDEY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
STEPHEN THOMAS,
President oj the Senate.
Stvte op Vermont,
Office of secretary of State.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy
of a joint resolution adopted by the General Assem-
bly at its annual session, A. D. 1808, as appeals from
the files in this olftcc.
In witness whereof I hereunto subscribe my name
r n t and affix the seal of this office, at Northfield,
LL. S.J ^j_s jSj. 0f])ccembei\ A. D. 1868.
GEORGE NICHOLS,
Secretary of State.
Mr. POLAND also presented the following
joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Vermont; which was referred to the Com-
mittee ou Comm erce, and ordered to be printed:
Joint resolution relating to navigation between tho
United Slates and Canada.
Whereas tho rapidly increasing commerce be-
tween the eastern States and the Northwest is call-
ing for more ample and cheaper transportation;
and whereas, also, certain mutual privileges are now
enjoyed by both Canada and the United States, touch-
| ing navigation and transportation, which ought, 011
I the part of the two countries, to be matured into
rights: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative*,
That if, by treaty or otherwise, the free navigation
of Canadian waters and the use of the Canadian
canals by the shipping of the United States upon
tho same terms as by Canadian and Bi itish shipping,
and the free transit by land of American merchan-
dise across Canadian territory can be secured in ex-
change for liko privileges to Canadian shipping m
our wateis and JJiili&h and Canadian merchandise
over our soil, our Senators and Representative in
Congress are urged to use their inlluence to ^bnng
about such an arrangement; and in.such negotiation
to secuie, if possible, thoconstruction of aship-canal
connecting the St. Lawrence with Lake Champlain;
and that oar Government, in case the State oflSew
York will consent thereto, oiler, in exchange there-
for, to enlarge the Champlain canal to the same pro-
portions as that which shall connect the St. Law-
rence and Lake Champlain, and allow the use thereof
upon the same terms as ar|jmposcd upon American
shipping. ^
Resolved, That the GovernoW this State be, arid
is hereby, requested to transmit -copies ot this jemrt
resolution to the Governois of Miline, New Htffi'p-
*hire Massachusetts, Rhode IsbiiwL Connecticut,
New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, IndbjJia/TlliDOis,
Miohifr.m, Wisconsin, Minnesota, a rid Trow a; also
conies thereof to the Governor General ot Canada
and U>o Prudent
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
STEPHEN THOMAS,
President of the Senate.
State of Vermont,
Office of Secketaby of State.
I hereto certify that the foregoina is a true copy
of a ioint resolution adopted by the general Assem-
bly at its annual session, A. 1>. l8W>, as appears from
'''in^wTtness^whereof, I hereunto subscribe my name
r -1 and affix the seal of this ofhto, at Northfield,
Ll. S.J y ia lst ,joy 0f December, A. D. 1868.
trEOKGE NICHOLS,
Secretary of State.
DISABILITIES Vt JOIIN G. STORKS.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I ask the House to take
from tho Speaker's table Senate bill No. 738,
to relieve from disabilities John G- Stokes, a
eitizen'of Alabama. Mr. Stokes, I believe from
the evidence is a true Union man, and has been
elected to office, and if he is to be relieved at
all, it should be done at once that hemay enter
upon the duties of his office.
Mr. MILLER. If he is a true Union man
what is the necessity for removing any disabili-
ties. ■ '
Mr. BOUTWELL. He was a solicitor, being
a lawyer previous to the war, and took some
part in the war, but he is trusted by the Repub-
licans of Alabama, and is an editor of the
leading journal of that State. I believe he is
as well entitled to have his disabilities removed
as any man on whom the judgment of Con-
gress has been favorably passed.
Mr. NIBLACK. If I understood the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, he stated that this
gentleman now votes the Republican ticket in
Alabama.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I presume he does, as
he is the editor of one of the leading Republican
papers.
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, that ought to be satis-
factory, [laughter,] and I hope there will be
no objection, atleast on this side of the House.
The bill was read. It proposes to remove all
political disabilities imposed on J ohn G. Stokes,
a citizen of Alabama, by reason of the four-
teenth article of tho Constitution of the United
States.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and received its sev-
eral readings.
Mr. McKEE. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if this gentleman holds
office now?
Mr. BOUTWELL. He is elected to office.
Mr. MULLINS. What office has he been
elected to that he wishes these disabilities re-
moved that he may fill it ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not know what the
office is, bat he has been electcdto an office in
the State of Alabama.
Mr. MULLINS. It is office they all want,
and then they are very loyal, and as soon as
thoy get it they will take you and me by the
neck and plunge us over where they tried to get
us before.
Mr. NORRTS. Mr. Stokes has been elected
solicitor of Montgomery county, the duties of
which office he will assume on Monday next,
and it is important this bill should pass to-day
in order to enable him to enter upon the duties
of the office. He is indorsed by the entire dele-
gation from my State, and I hope the bill will
pass without further discussion.
The question was then taken upon the pas-
sage of the bill; and (two thirds voting in the
affirmative) the bill was passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid'on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTORS OE CUSTOMS.
Mr. ELIOT,.by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1589) to provide for
cases of vacancies in the office of collector of
the customs, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
SUPERINTENDENTS OP EXPORTS, ETC.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
1o submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion for consideration and adoption at this
time :
Whereas on the 15th flay of September, 1808, tho
Secretary ot tho Treasury, upon the recommenda-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, made
an order discontinuing the offices of superintendents
of exports and drawbacksattheportsot Boston, iNew
York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, after September
GO, 1868; and whereas itisalleged that by subsequent
order he has extended the terms of said offices ana
officers to the 4th day of March, 1869: fherefor-e.
Resolved, That the Secretary -ot the Treasury is
