1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
objection be made. No objection being made,
(lie question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose to make a
remark or two before the vote is taken. I
have thought for several years that there ought
to be a reduction in our expenditure for print-
ing. The expenditure has gone up from
$200,000 to some millions, and it ought not
to be so great. Now we propose to publish a
book for the benefit of the medical profession.
No doubt it will be a good work in some re-
spects, but it is to be published by the United
States, and will contain very much matter of
no great consequence. If the Surgeon Gen-
eral, because of his position during the war,
has accumulated a large amount of useful
matter for his profession, if he be a man of
high ambition in that profession, why should
he not prepare with care, as an able man ought
to prepare, the work, and publish it, as other
medical works are published, at his individual
expense and responsibility? I do not know
that the Government of the United States has
any particular connection with publishing pro-
fessional books. T^'hat is what this proposition
amounts to. I understand it to be maintained
that the Surgeon General has useful informa-
tion. Let him compile that himself, and make
a work that will be creditable to himself and
be a valuable work and worthy of publication,
and then it will answer for a private enterprise.
Mr. ANTHONY. There will be no con-
troversy between the Surgeon General and the
Congressional Printer about the size of the
volume. The Congressional Printer has made
the estimate of it at about the usual size in
which we print documents; but if there be any
special reason why it should be putin one vol-
ume, the Congressional Pi-inter can have no
possible objection to it. On the contrary, he
would rather put il, in one volume than in two.
The Senator from Pennsylvania has exhibited
to us the report of the impeachment trial and
shown the different sizes of the volumes. That
difference arises from the arrangement in which
the report was made. The first volume con-
tains the preliminary proceedings and the evi-
dence ; the second volume contains the argu-
ments and the final vote; the third volume
contains the opinions and the appendix; so
that each volume contains a particular portion
of the report. These volumes might have been
made more symmetrical but for this reason :
when the trial was going on it was the desire
of the Senate that the report should be printed
pari passu with the trial itself; and Senators
will recollect that every day we had laid upon
our tables the report of the preceding day. It
was impossible to tell how long the trial would
go on; some of us thought it would never end ;
and when the Congressional Printer got as
much matter as he thought ought to make one
volume, which it appears here is about seven
hundred and forty pages, he bound this and
commenced paging for a second volume, sup-
posing that the whole might be contained in
one other volume, or not knowing but that it
might require half a dozen volumes.
The Senator from Pennsylvaniahas exhibited
a volume that contains eighteen hundred pages;
but it was not so thick as the volume which I
now hold in my hand, which contains but four
hundred pages.
Mr. BUCKALEWr. I desire to explain that
in thfe haste of referring to it I neglected to
observe that the page is doubled in thatvolume.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then there are only nine
hundred. The Surgeon General will of course
desire to have the work printed in the best
form, and so will the Congressional Printer,
and there can be no difference between them
on that point; but if the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is desirous of fixing the exact number
of pages in the volume I have no objection
whatever to that. I am not able to tell what
the number of pages will be; and if he can tell
I am perfectly willing that he should fix it. It
will be remembered, however, that there will
be a great many plates in this volume which
will not be reckoned as pages, and I think it
likely that it will require three volumes rather
than two.
The Senator from Pennsylvania made one
remark which I did not precisely understand.
He said he did not know where the job came
in. Neither do I know where the job comesin.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to ask the
Senator what^was the use of reprinting in each
volume the whole index ? It is not done in any
library book. It is'done in the Congressional
•Globe, but that is a different thing.
Mr. ANTHONY. Perhaps it was not use-
ful ; perhaps it was a mistake. In the Congres-
sional Globe the index is contained in every
volume. It is a great convenience, but adds
considerable to the expense. My attention was
directed to the point the other day, as the Con-
gressional Globe has got to be such a cumbrous
affair, whether it would not be better to omit
the index from the successive volumes and
print it only in the first volume. I think it
was with my friend from Maryland [Mr.Wim'K]
that I was talking on that subject in the com-
mittee-room. But we thought it was best to
have it in every volume for convenience of
reference. But the Congressional Printer does
not make anything out of this. There is no job
in it. It makes no difference to him whether
he prints it in three volumes or two, or whether
the index shall be put into every volume or into
but one. The difference in the cost of binding
is very small. The cost of binding these five
thousand volumes is estimated by the public
printer at §2,800; and so, if you put it in one
volume it could not be less than $1,400, prob-
ably fifteen or sixteen hundred dollars.
The PitKSI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of t.he Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask
whether the report referred to in the latter
clause of the resolution is in another volume
of the same kind or a separate work?
Mr. ANTHONY. That applies to the assist-
ant in the Provost Marshal's Bureau. There
was a great deal of feeling in the Senate that
this work should be done by a young man who
has distinguished himself in that office, and the
•resolution is guarded so as to prevent the pos-
sibility of the work being taken from him. But
I do not understand that his part of the work
is now ready for publication, or that this applies
to it. It was perhaps surplusage; but it was a
repetition of the original resolution, to meet the
views of those Senators who have been very
desirous that there should be no pretext for
taking the work away from Dr. Baxter.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the cur-
rency bill, as it is called.
Mr. CHANDLER. I'ask if the unfinished
business of yesterday is not now before the
Senate?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is before
the Senate ; but the Senator from Ohio moves
to postpone it for the purpose of taking up the
currency bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire, in ex-
planation of the motion, to state thatl expect,
from what I can learn, to complete the currency
bill to-day, so as to send it to the House of
Representatives, and I, for one, am willing
to stay here until it is finished. I think the
general debate upon it is about exhausted ; aud
if we mean to pass the bill at all, it being a
Senate bill, we ought to send it to the House
as early as possible. The bill of the Senator
from Michigan is a House bill, and will un-
doubtedly pass. I am willing to stay with him
at any time to pass that bill; but he crowds it
in now, contrary to the understanding when
we took up the bill, which was that the day
session should be devoted to the consideration
of the currency bill, and that we should have
one night session to pass the river and harbor
bill. 1 do not think he ought; to, crowd this
bill in now, not having finished it last night, so
as to displace the currency bill. It is for the
Senate to determine ; I will not consume time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
stand by the river and harbor bill until we
obtain a vote upon it. I am sure the Senate
are tired of the discussion of the currency bill.
If gentlemen have any more speeches to make
on that subject it. will certainly please the
Senate to have them heard in the night time.
We can get a vote on the river and harbor bill
within a very short time, in my judgment, and
finish it. I ask the Senate to stand by the
bill, and not postpone it for the currency or
any other bill. We have got tired of the dis-
cussion on the currency bill.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask two favors; but I
do not suppose that either of them will be
granted. I want my friend from Ohio to give
way before he makes his motion and allow me
to make one, and then I want my friend from
Michigan to give way another moment while
I can pass a little bill that is both river and
harbor and currency to an individual.
Mr. ANTHONY. That ought to be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot give way.
Mr. NYE. I gave way some time ago to the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island, in my
kindness, to make a report, and thereby lost
the opportunity to submit my motion. The
bill to which I refer is a bill upon which there
can be no possible discussion, and it will not
take one minute. It is to allow a poor, sick
man to enter his claim for the renewal of his
patent, simply, at the Patent Office, about
which there can be no mistake. The report
of the committee is very full, and it will/iot
take a minute to dispose of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. My friend from Oregon
has a bill for a sick woman with a baby, who
would take precedence of a sick man, that he
wants to consider.
Mr. NYE. I will simply remark that I did
not expect that either of the gentlemen would
give way. They are determined to give us
nothing but currency and river and harbor,
day and night, until they have everybody sick.
[Laughter.] I have had enough of that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up a bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Michi-
gan will for onee be magnanimous.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to postpone the unfinished business of yester-
day for the purpose of taking up for consider-
ation the currency bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall vote to
keep the river and harbor bill in its place sim-
ply for these two reasons: that bill, I think,
may be finished very speedily ; while the cur-
rency question is a very large subject, has con-
sumed a good deal of time, and the end of it,
I think, is very difficult for any Senator on
this floor to see. Therefore I am in favor of
finishing what I deem is practicable at the
present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am in favor of keeping
each one of these bills in its place, and the one
that was first taken up for consideration by the
Senate was what is called the currency bill.
It is an honest effort on the part of the Com-
mittee on Finance to present to the Senate the
means, according to their view, or other means
by amendment, according to any view theSen-
ate may take, of endeavoring to take some step
toward financial success and prosperity. The
river and harbor bill, which I have always voted
for, to be sure—-I do not know anything about
thi3 one-~is a bill of appropriations and noth-
