1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2ia
that I approve of tho principal features of the bill,
but would insert in the third section, which refers to
the employment of the difierent grades, "except in
time oi war," when ail olftcers should be available
for sea or other service, at the discretion of the De-
pal tment.
X am, very truly, yours,
D. a. FARUAGUT, Admiral.
Surgeon James C. Palmer, United States Navy.
New York, December 31, 1868.
My Dear Doctor: I have carefully read over the
bill " for the reorganization of the medical corps of
the Navy, making highor grades," &c., and I find
no objections, except that in time of war all per-
sons should be available for duty, only retaining
their relative rank m their own vorps. Without
this clause the services of some of the most efficient
medical officers might be lost to tho Government
when most essential. I am aware that such might
not be the case, as they would no doubt volunteer;
but while legislating it is best to provide for it on
the face of uie bill, although I am happy to say
that, from my own experience, war is the time when
1 have always found the medical officers ready and
willing to do their duty without regard to personal
risk, and it g'ves me special pleasuie to reter to
your case in Mobile bay, where you, in the little
Loyall, carried my orders around the fleet for the
ships to run the ram Tennessee down, which you
did wit ft cheerfulness and alacrity.
I sent the other note to accompany the bill, and
this only to explain the objection to leaving the war
clause out.
Very truly, yuuis,
D. G. FAKRAGUT, Admiral
Surgeon James C. Palmer, United Slates Navy.
The above is a correct copy.
J. Jd. iAxLUli,
Surgeon United states Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. I will now yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. I would thank my friend of
the Naval Committee to inform the House
how many officers of the rank of commodore
there are in the Navy at the present time?
Mr. STEVENS. The number is ninety.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I am not abso-
lutely certain that when I come to consider
this bill in all its details and relations I shall
oppose it, although I am strongly impressed
with the propriety of adopting the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washuuiine]
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, so that we may have
an opportunity to consider it. I have never
had an opportunity to examine its provisions,
and they seem to be too important to incor-
porate into our legislation without having the
bill printed.
It, seems, sir, that there are already in the
jjavy—an,i I knew that fact before—almost one
hundred officers of the rank of commodore ;
that is, of a rank corresponding to that of
brigadier general in the Army. There are
to day almost ten times as many brigadier
generals in the Navy as in the Army, and yet
this bill proposes to add twelve to the number
in the Navy and twenty or thirty to the number
of the rank of colonel, lieutenant colonel, and
major; that is, to the number of captains, com-
manders, and lieutenant commanders in the
Navy who have the assimilated rank of those
respective officers. This bill gives the rank of
brigadier general to twelve medical officers of
the Navy, whereas there are, I believe, in the
whole line and staff of the Army only thirteen.
In the whole medical department of the Army
there is, I believe, only one brigadier general.
Now, it does seem to me that justice to the
medical department of the Navy cannot require
that we should so largely increase the number
of officers of that high rank in the Navy without
careful examination of the whole subject. For
one, thoroughly as I appreciate the services of
the Navy during the war, high as is my esti-
mate of the character of the officers of the
Navy from my personal acquaintance with
them, I cannot consent this morning, without
seeing the bill in print, to add twelve to the
number of commodores in the Navy. And I
hope we shall not unwisely pass this bill in
haste without an opportunity to see its effect.
If justice requires this to be done for the
surgeons of the Navy, what, then, shall we say
to the paymasters and engineers of the Navy;
to the surgeons of the Army, and the paymas-
ters, quartermasters, engineers, and commis-
saries of the Army? How cau we refuse to
advance the medical officers of the Army in
rank when we shall have done it for the med-
ical officers of the Navy? If in a compara-
tively small institution like that of tho medical
staff of the Navy we shall have increased the
number of officers of that high rank until it
shall almost equal the entire number of briga-
dier generals in the line and all the staff corps
of the Army, justice to the Army, not merely
the medical officers, but also the other staff
officers and the line officers, demands that we
should increase the number of officers holding
that rank in the Army. If we do justice to one
we must do it to both. We cannot bestow a
compliment upon the medical department of
the Navy alone without doing injustice either
to other branches of the Navy or to every
corps of the Army.
I hope, therefore, sir, that the gentleman
who reported this bill will consent to have its
consideration postponed so that we may have
an opportunity to examine it. I may vote for
it, yet it does seem to me rather hard to call
upon us to vote upon it this morning. I should
be sorry to vote in such a way as to do injustice
to or cast in the slightest degree a stigma upon
the officers of the Navy, whom 1 so highly es-
teem, but I shall vote, if I can, to put this'bill
into the hands of the Committee of the Whole,
and to have it printed, so that we may have an
opportunity to consider it. It is not, enough to
be told that the Naval Committee have consid-
ered it fully. That, is enough to start with in
the House ; we require that to begin with ; but
we certainly do not expect, that we shall accept
a bill simply because a committee have ap-
proved it. We will consider it when it comes
before us with that approval, and we will give
that approval due weight. Cut it is not only
our right, but our duty to ourselves to scru-
tinize every bill that comes before us.
Mr. STEVENS. I am glad to hear the gen;
tleman from Wisconsin appeal to our sense of
justice in this matter, and 1 now appeal to him
in the same spit it, and ask hiiu%vhy he should
object to conferring upon those medical officers
ot" a similar scale of service the assimilated
rank which Congress has conferred upon the
officers of the line for the last six years. 'As
a question of justice, I say here without fear of
successful contradiction, that the principle of
this lull is founded in immutable justice, and
should it not prevail here to-day it will be
pursued and followed until justice shall have
its full sway, and these officers of the medical
staff shall stand, not in subordination to officers
of the line, but on a scale of equality.^
Now, sir, in regard to alleged injustice done
to the Army, does not the gentleman know
that the rank of brigadier general has been
conferred upon the representative of the med-
ical staff in the Army? With only ten briga-
dier generals in the Army we have conferred
upon the medical staff one of those positions,
while in the Navy there are ninety-nine com-
modores on the active and retired list; and we
ask, as a matter of justice, that twelve of the
medical staff shall have their rank raised from
captain to that of commodore.
Let me say here, in order to obviate all ap-
prehension, that this rank of commodore is not
in fact exactly and practically assimilated to
that of brigadier general. It is well known
that before the war the highest rank in_ the
Navy was captain. Now there has been added
to that the rank of commodore, of rear admiral,
of vice admiral, and of full admiral. As re-
gards the expense, let me say that the whole
additional expens  of these promotions will
not exceed §2,000 a year, exclusive of the
increased pay of the assistant surgeons.
I refer once more, as an indication of what
the li.ne officers think of this as a matter ot
compromise between the line and staff on that
controverted question, to the letter of Admiral
Farragutju-t read, in which he gives bis full
approval of the bill, with the amendment that
it shall not be in operation during any period
o f war.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask a ques-
tion. 1 have not examined this bill, but I
would like to know how manpr squadrons we
now have in the >Navy ? '
Mr. STEVENS. I am not prepared to say
how many.
Mr LOGAN. I would ask the gentleman
how many commodores are required to com-
mand squadrons?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand that,
any commodores are required to command
squadrons. And I desire to say Jiere, in this
connection that under the practice of the.Navy
a commodore is now commander of'a ship,
when before the war he was Commander of a
squadron, being the rank, as I understand,
given by courtesy and not existiug in fact.
Mr. LOGAN. How many ships of war
have we?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will be
kind enough to state the object of his criticism
perhaps I can answer his questions without
taking so much loss of time.
Mr. LOGAN. The object is, perfectly ap-
parent. We have more commodores than we
have commands for them. What I was going
to remark was this: when the war closed it
was a very convenient time to increase the
rank in the Army and Navy. But I think the
time has passed for doing anything of that
kind. We have an Army with one officer of
the rank of brigadier general in charge of the
medical department. Now, if you desire to
give this rank to the medical officer of the
Navy you ought to make it to correspond to
the Army. So far as I am concerned, I h$ve
not examined the bill, but I should certainly
be opposed to passing a bill increasing the rank
of anybody at this time, either in the Army or
Navy, without full deliberation in the House.
It, is said that this will increase the pay but
a very small amount. Well, the provisions of
this bill may not do it, but we all ought to havg
experience enough to know that whenever you
give rank, either in the Army or in the Navy,
under your law, and the officers are assigned
to duties corresponding to their rank, they re-
ceive pay corresponding to their rank, aiid it
is the easiest matter in the world to get that
assignment,. In nearly every instance they are
assigned to duties corresponding to their rank.
This matter of increasing rank in the Army
and Navy is a very easy thing whenit first
passes, but in a very short time you find the
amount of money that is drawn from the Treas-
ury in consequence of it.
Now, I do not know, as was said by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] but that
I might possibly be willing to vote for a bill
something of this character ; 1 willnotsay that
I would not; but I would certainly prefer that
the bill should be referred to the Committee of
the Whole, where it can be thoroughly exam-
ined, because it is a more important subject
than gentlemen may imagine.
Mr. O'NEtLL. There has been no ground
stated why this bill should be postponed or why
it should "be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. If it should
be so referred I doubt if it will ever get into
the House again, and these gentlemen in the
naval service who I think have been neglected
by Congress, these surgeons in the Navy, who,
I am sure, deserve some regard from thisbody,
will never reach what they so much desire, and
what, I believe, will be of great benefit to the
service.
The conferring of the rank of commodore
or captain upon these officers does not bring
them increased pay. As the gentleman who
has charge of this bill has stated to the House,
the actual expense to the Government in in-
creased pay will not amount to $2,000 per
annum. I think that is nearly a correct esti-
mate ; in fact, 1 have heard from two or three
surgeons of the Navy who have been long in
the service, and whom I know well and highly
esteem, that, the actual expense, if the bill
should pass in its present form, would be only
about sixteen hundred dollars per annum great-
er than it now is.
I understand the Navy is not to have an
enlarged corps of surgeons. There is to fye
