1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
amendment which I shall offer to that bill, and
ask to have it printed ; and as it is short I will
ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike oat all of the bill
after the enacting clause and to insert:'
That all white persons of foreign birth, not con-
victed of crime, and who have not participated in
insurrection or rebellion against the United States,
and who now are or who shall hereafter become
permanent residents in the United States and elect
to be citizens thereof, are hereby declared natural-
ized citizens, and entitled to all the rights and priv-
ileges of other citizens of the United States.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 511) authorizing the Secretary of
the Interior to cause the lands known as the
Miami Indian reservation, in the State of In-
diana, to be patented, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
335) for the protection of settlers on the Cher-
okee neutral lands in Kansas, reported ad-
versely threreon, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate, as in C6cmmittee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1040) making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works, and for other purposes, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to strike out the third sec-
tion of the bill in the following words:
Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That the Sum of
$450,000 is hereby appropriated toward completing
the Louisville and Portland canal in accordance with
the plans and estimates made in the report of General
Godfrey Weitzel, and that the Government of the
United States do hereby assume tire payment of the
bonds issued for the completion of the said canal and
brunch, amounting to the sum of $1,567,000: Provided,
Thatall title to and rightinsaidcanaland itsappur-
tenances be ceded to and vested in the United States,
and that the State of Kentucky shall relinquish all
claim to the government of the same; said canal on
and after its completion to be and remain free from
all tolls and tributes, except so much as shall be ne-
cessary to operate the same and keep it in repair,
and that all moneys in the hands of the treasurer of
the canal company, when transferred, shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I dislike
very much to detain the Senate for a moment;
but the State which I represent is very much
interested in this improvement, and I beg the in-
dulgence of the Senate while I make a remark
or two. I have listened very carefully to the
discussion, and it seems to me that the only
objection of much weight to the appropriation
of this sum of $450,000 is the condition of the
Treasury, the financial condition of the coun-
try. That seems to be urged as the great
objection to It. I beg Senators to consider
whether that objection does not apply with
equal force to every other appropriation in this
bill. If we are to consider the condition of
the country, the condition of the Treasury, the
propriety or impropriety of making appropria-
tions m consequence of our heavy taxation,
then I beg to know whether that consideration
is not equally applicable to every other appro-
priation in this bill. If we are to be influenced
by that consideration, we ought not to pass
this bill at all. So that the question really
resolves itself into this: if it be proper under
the existing condition of the country to make
appropriations for any of the purposes speci-
fied in this bill, it is simply a question whether
any of the other purposes for which appropria-
tions are made have greater claims upon the
consideration of the Senate than this particular
appropriation.
I beg to remark in this connection that it is
urged that it does not merely appropriate the
sum of $450,000, but proposes to assume the
' further obligation of the outstanding bonds and
debts against the company to the extent of
several hundred thousand dollars, and that the
entire appropriation would reach perhaps
$2,000,000. Let us look at that for a moment.
The bill proposes now to make an appropria-
tion at once of $460,000. The first bonds fall-
ing due, I understand, will be payable in 1871,
and so on thereafter, as they fall due. Now,
I beg to ask Senators whether it is not in con-
templation to make additional appropriations
for a large majority of these other objects em-
braced within this bill, year by year, and year
after ye^r, as the succeeding years go on. The
appropriations for the other objects in this bill,
as I understand it, are for the present with the
expectation that hereafter additional appro-
priations will be made for precisely the very
same objects, carrying them into full perfec-
tion and effect.
If I am correct in supposing that the reason
of the indebtedness of the country is as appli-
cable to any other appropriation in this bill as
it is to this particular appropriation then, as I
said awhile ago, the only matter of considera-
tion, if we are to make any appropriation at
all, is whether this appropriation is not for a
purpose as beneficial to the country a,s any of
the purposes for which appropriations have
been agreed to be made. Sir, is there an object
for which an appropriation is made in this bill
that compares in national extent and import-
ance with this particular appropriation? Is
it not an appropriation benefiting directly and
indirectly the whola valley of the Mississippi?
Is it not "to remove an obstruction across one
of the leading highways of the nation benefit-
ing directly and indirectly ten or fifteen States
of this confederacy? I ask the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce to point
to a single appropriation, to a single purpose
included within these appropriations, that com-
pares in magnitude or in importance with this
public highway.
But it is alleged that this is a canal, and that
Congress is about initiating a policy for the
purpose of purchasing canals. Why, sir, that
is a mere technicality. It is no canal in the
proper sense of the term. It is simply for the
removal of an obstruction in the Ohio river,
or perhaps, to speak more appropriately, for
obviating an obstruction in the Ohio river;
and it is just as proper to accomplish that ob-
ject in this way as it would be to remove an
obstruction in the Mississippi for which appro-
priations have been made. I can see no dif-
ference in the purpose.
With this view of the subject, I think I should
be false to my constituents and false to the
true interests of the country if I stood here
and silently saw appropriations for purposes
of far less general extent, of far less national
importance, and far less importance in every
respect placed upon this bill, while this appro-
priation which has been allowed by the popular
branch of Congress should be stricken out
of the bill. I cannot see how we can justify
ourselves before the country if we allow this
appropriation, having a more national conse-
quence than any other appropriation in the bill,
to be stricken out, and yet vote for these other
appropriations.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I hope the amendment of the committee will
be adopted by the Senate, and that this appro-
priation will be stricken out. This appropria-
tion makes the Government assume a debt by
its very terms of $1,567,000. Now, we have
got debt enough without assuming obligations
that we are under no obligation to pay.^ That
is the only objection to this bill. We gain
nothing by paying that debt. Let those pay
it who are obligated to pay it. We are in this
Government restricting and denying those who
have claims against it in a manner which noth-
ing but the condition of our Treasury can just-
ify, and why should we undertake to pay this
$1,567,000 of bonds?
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to ask my
friend in this connection whether this will be
any more the debt of the United States after
the passage of the bill than it is now? It is
now a lien upon a property of which the Uni-
ted States is sole-.owner. We simply assume
the payment of the -debt instead of paying it,-
as we shall otherwise have to dQ, by a tax upon
the commerce of our people. It is now a lien
upon a property owned by the United States.
The United States is the sole owner of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ;will answer the
Senator. It appears by this very section that
the title is not in the United States, for it .reads:
That all title to and right in said canal and its
appurtenances be ceded to and vested in the United
States.
Therefore I assume that the title is not now
in the United States, and that it is not a liea
upon property that belongs to the United States.
I say lurther, in answer to the question, that the
bill provides that the United States shall now
by this bill assume that indebtedness. If it be
true that the United States is liable to pay that
$1,500,000, why put it in this bill that we as-
sume it? If it be true that the title to this
property is in the United States, why put it in
the bill that it now be ceded and vested in the
United States? I take it that neither branch
of the proposition of the Senator from Ohio
is correct.
Mr. DAYIS. If the honorable Senator
from New Jersey will permit me, I think I can
explain that point to him. There are three
distinct interests now held in this canal. Five
individuals hold an interest of $100 each, sim-
ply to qualify them to act as directors of the
corporation. The United States has an inter-
est in the canal, because a portion of the divi-
dends of the Government of the United States
from the tolls levied upon the transit of boats
through the canal has been appropriated to the
work. The private corporation issued bonds
to the amount of $1,500,000, and to secure the
payment of those bonds have executed a mort-
gage upon the canal property. The holders
of those bonds will be at liberty to foreclose
the mortgage and to have the canal sold for
the satisfaction of their mortgage bonds. It
is simply proposed that the United States shall
assume the position of the mortgagees w^io
hold these bonds by itself purchasing the
bonds and occupying the position with all the
rights of the mortgagees and the bondholders.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that the United States received some of the
proceeds, the tolls that came from this canal;
but none of it has came to the Treasury of the
United States; it has all been expended upon
the work.
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, the
Senator is not informed on this subject. The
United States took originally twenty-three hun-
dred and thirty shares of the stock. All of the
money paid for this stock has been refunded to
the Treasury of the United States out of the
revenues of the canal, and twenty-four thou-
sand and some hundred dollars over and,above
that. Subsequently the revenues of the canal
were appropriated, by the act of the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky, to the purchase of the stock
held by private individuals, this stock, when
purchased, to be held in trust for the Govern-
ment of the United States ; and all of the stock
was bought up out of the revenues of the canal
except about five hundred dollars for the pur-
pose I have stated. I will state further that
nearly four hundred thousand dollars of rev-
enues of the old canal have been devoted to the
construction of the new canal.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 wish to ask a question
of the honorable Senator from Indiana for
information, if the Senator from New Jeisey
will allow me. This is a subject with which I
have but very little acquaintance, I confess;
but I do not fully comprehend the relation in
which the Government of the United States
stands to the canal or to the canal corporation.
Is the Government a stockholder, possessed of
all the rights of a stockholder, in the ordinary
acceptation of that word in reference to the
canal?
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
just how it stands.
Mr. HOWARD. If its stock has been paid
