1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
back, how is it any longer a stockholder?
What is the consequence of the repayment of
the stock to the Government of the United
States? There is a mystery hanging about it
that I cannot understand.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
that this canal company was organized in 1825
by the Legislature of Kentucky. I think the
shares of the stock amounted to nearly nine
thousand. Of that amount the Government of
the United States subscribed something over
twenty-three hundred shares.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you refer to the
statute which authorized that?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; I have it here.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
allow me to answer the question of the Senator
from Michigan 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Perhaps I had
better finish the remarks I have to make, and
then the discussion can proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say but a word, with the
permission of the honorable Senator from New
Jersey.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I shall be through
in one minute. There are some facts that I am
not mistaken5 about. One fact is that the title
to this canal is not- now in the United States;
that the United States is not charged with the
care of it, with appointing of officers to see how
it is worked, to collect tolls, &c.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a private corporation in
which the United States is a shareholder.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Exactly ; it is
a private corporation ; and this proposes an
innovation, one which I think has never been
recognized or adopted by the United States,
that the United States shall become the owner
and take the management of this public work ;
and that, to my mind, is a most serious objec-
tion to this provision. Why, sir, every State
finds that it is against the interests of the State
to have these public works. The State of In-
diana was very happy to give up the Wabash
candl. The State of Pennsylvania was very
happy to sell all its public works, because they
were a source of corruption and loss to the
State ; and so this Government, after it had
expended millions in building the Cumberland
road, was very happy to cede that road to each
of the States through which it ran. Now it
is proposed that this Government shall take
charge of and become the owner of this canal.
That is one very serious objection to the prop-
osition.
But besides that, the Government not only
undertakes to pay this $1,567,000, but it makes
an appropriation now of $450,000, which is to
be appropriated according to the plan and esti-
mate of General Weitzel. What is that plan
and estimate ? It is admitted that it will require
$900,000 to complete this branch of the work :
and, according to his estimate, the other branch
canal which he proposes will cost $14,000,000
more. So we are entering upon a work which
will cost the United States, if carried out  
Mr. SHERMAN. That is another canal,
if my friend will allow me, on the other side
of the river; and no one proposes to commence
that work.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I know. It is
a branch of this canal and part of the same
estimate which is referred to in this section.
Mr. MORTON. Not at all. This canal is
on the Kentucky side of the river. The en-
gineer proposes another canal on the Indiana
side, because one canal is not enough for the
commerce of that river.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. _ I ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether it is not a part of
General Weitzel's estimate and plan, as stated
in this section, to build that other canal, and
if the estimate for that is not $14,000,000?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; but allow me to
make an explanation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is the very
thing that is referred to in this section.
Mr. MORTON. Not at all.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I beg your par-
don ; 1 will read it :
That tho sum of $150,000 is hereby appropriated
toward completing the Louisville and Portland
canal, in accordance with the plans and estimates
made in the report of General Godfrey Weitzel, and
that the Government of the United States do hereby
assume tile payment of the bonds, &a.
Now, his plan contemplates the canal on
the other side of the river. The canal on this
side of the river will cost, in addition to this
$450,000, $900,000; and on the other side of
the river it will cost $14,000,000.
Mr. MORTON. One word in explanation.
The engineer who was sent there to make the
survey was directed to make two surveys ; in
the first place, to make a survey of the canal
on the Kentucky side and estimate what it
would cost to finish that. The resolutions
then directed him to make a survey for a new
canal on the Indiana side. He made the sur-
veys and estimates for a canal on each side
of the river. He estimates that it will take
$953,000 to complete the canal on the Ken-
tucky side, and some twelve or fourteen mil-
lions to build a new canal on the Indiana side.
The engineer says that both of these canals
are required by the commerce of that river, a
canal on each side, but we are not asking Con-
gress to embark in the work of constructing a
canal on the Indiana side. That is simply a
proposition. All that we are asking the Gov-
ernment to do is to complete the canal on the
Kentucky side.
Mr. FESSENDEN. • That is all that is
asked at present ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
I misunderstand the subject at all. I under-
stand perfectly well that on the one side of the
river where the canal is which is spoken of,
and for which this $450,000 is to be appropri-
ated, $900,000 more will be needed, so that
that will cost the Government $'2,917,000. But
this bill refers to the plans of General Weitzel,
and the work is to be constructed in reference
to those plans and estimates. We already have
the statement of the Senator from Indiana that
this one canal is not sufficient; that the com-
merce requires more ; and the next step will
be for the appropriation of these $11,000,000 ;
and I object to this as the entering wedge to
that large appropriation.
But, Mr. President, we need not look to the
canal on the other side of the river. I think
it is against the interests of this Government
to take upon itself the charge of these public
works or to havo the title to them ; and we are
not in a condition at this time to make the
appropriation of $3,000,000 or $2,900,000
contemplated by the bill as it stands for the
canal now in use.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I wish very
briefly to state one or two facts. There is no
necessity for a controversy about the facts in
this case. The estimate of General Weitzel is
that it will cost to make and complete a per-
fect canal—to use his own words—according to
his plan, $1,174,000, $450,000 of which is con-
tained in this appropriation. That appropria-
tion might be made and the work could go on
more rapidly than it can from the tonnage tax,
and you might confine this proposition simply
to appropriating $450,000, which is about one
half the amount required to complete the pro-
posed canal. But that would not accomplish
the object we have in view. Our object is to
make this a free canal ; that is, to repeal the
tax that is now levied by the Government of
the United States upon all tho tonnage of that
great river in order to pay the expense of com-
pleting the canal. The tax now levied upon
this tonnage amounts to over two hundred
thousand dollars a year. Tt has been a stand-
ing subject of complaint. Our desire is to re-
peal that tax and make this a free work, pre-
cisely in the condition of the Sault Ste. Marie
canal. We desire to put it exactly in the con-
dition of the Mississippi river improvement,
which is now going on, and for which $600,000
are appropriated in this bill, at the Des Moines
rapids, and all those improvements that have
been made by the national Government or by
State governments since the foundation of the
Government There is no similar tax like this.
I have before me the statement of James
Guthrie, the president of those corporators.
All who remember him and know his history
know that he was a man who could be trusted
in anything. The corporators or trustees, as
I call them, are Mr. Guthrie, Mr. Speed, form-
erly Attorney General, and three distinguished
citizens of Louisville. They have carried on
and conducted this trust without charge, with-
out compensation ; but they have, year in and
year out, begged the Government of the United
States to relieve them from this responsibility.
They have no longer any pecuniary interest in
it. Nobody has any pecuniary interest in this
work except the Government of the United
States and the holders of these bonds. '
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who are the holders of
the bonds ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whatis the market value
of the bonds now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume they are worth
fully par.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you know anything
about it?
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague of the
House of Representatives, by my side, [Mr.
Eggleston,] says he does, and he says they
are at par. 1 have no doubt they are, because
they are the only lien upon a work which yields
a net revenue of over two hundred thousand
dollars. I have no doubt they are .fully at par.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is done with this
net revenue of $200,000?
Mr. SHERMAN. The net revenue goes into
the improvement, after paying the interest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it is not a net rev-
enue exactly, if it is required in keeping up
the work.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is required in the work
of the new improvement. Now, I will read
what Mr. Guthrie says on this subject. After
disclaiming all personal interest, he says:
" It is to be lamented that Congress has not here-
tofore taken the canal under the conditions stated in
the act ot 1842"—
That is the Kentucky act which authorized
the United States to take it—•
"and every day that Congress has failed to do so
cumulates the responsibility resting upon those who,
having the power to acquire the work, leave tho
interests of a vast and fertile region and of an im-
mense and growing population in thi3 important
woik to be provided for through the efforts of ' five
gentlemen,' operating with the revenues and credit
of a private corporation, instead of being cared for,
adopted, and accomplished through the boundless
revenues of tho whole nation.
"It is finally stated that having no private interest
to subserve in connection with the work in question,
having undertaken in good faith the trust ot holding
the stock acquired by purchase for the purposes con-
templated by the amended charter, the board feel
that every opportunity has been afforded to the Uni-
ted States to obtain control of the whole work and
exclusive jurisdiction over it, and that their failure
to do so has been of their own option exclusively."
Thesegentlemen are substantially designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury. They are
nominally the holders and owners of this work,
while every dollar of the stock except $500,
$100 of which is owned by each of these gen-
tlemen merely in trust, is the property of the
United States; and here is the condition of the
United States owning a property worth many
million dollars the net revenues of which are
over two hundred thousand dollars——
Mr. FESSENDEN. Net or gross ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Net.
Mr. STEWART. How much is the gross?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have here the reports
for years. Senators can examine them if they
wish. These net revenues are applied to the
improvement of our property. Now, all that
is designed is, that this obstruction may stand
like ali other obstructions. My friend from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] last night in his heated
argument—I was somewhat surprised that he
got so stirred up—compared this to the Erie
canal of Now York. The distinction is as
broad as between day and night. TheNewYork
canal is an artificial water communication.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not this?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. This is simply .
the removal of an obstruction, no more and no
less than it would be to build a dam across
