1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
there and make a lock. It is a mere contin-
uation of the river—a canal two miles long,
It is exactly like digging out the St. Clair flats.
That is a canal, only its bounds are not defined.
It is exactly like the improvement of the Sault
Ste. Marie.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Senator mean
the Saint Mary's canal? It is the same pre-
cisely. The ship-canal around the falls of St.
Mary and the canal around these falls are
precisely the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are precisely the
same, and we wish to put them on the same
conditions.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are both on the
same conditions now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, sir, if we adoptthis
section we leave it precisely as the Sault Ste.
Marie canal is, with one exception, and if Sen-
ators desire to make this exactly like that, I
shall be glad to do it; that is, the Sault Ste.
Marie canal is managed by the State of Michi-
gan substantially, in trust for the people of the
United States, upon condition that no tonnage
shall be levied upon it except enough to keep
it in repair. I believe it would be better to
amend this proposition so as to leave this
property*to Kentucky in trust for the people
of the United States in precisely the condition
of the Sault Ste. Marie canal. The reason
why the clause is introduced requiring the
State of Kentucky to cede the jurisdiction is
to give the United States complete, exclusive
jurisdiction over this work, so that it shall not,
hereafter be subject to State taxation or to any
control by State authority ; but if it is desired
to leave the management of this canal in the
control of the State of Kentucky in order to
relieve the United States from the care of it
upon the same trust that has been reposed in
the State of Michigan, well and good. That
course was not pursued in regard to the Des
Moines improvement. That is managed by the
national Government, and 1 have no doubt it
is managed just as well by the national Govern-
ment. It would cost but very little to keep it
in repair. The whole excavation is rock exca-
vation. There needs but very little repair to it.
It seems to me that if this is to be made a free
canal there can be no controversy about this
amendment. But if Senators are afraid to trust
the Government of the United States, the
Secretary of the Treasury, or some proper offi-
cer to manage this improvement, to appoint
commissioners to look after it, I am perfectly
willing, if they choose to do it, to leave it to the
State of Kentucky, within whose jurisdiction
it is, who can appoint the proper agents to
manage it. That will create feeling, I know. It
will create the feeling of State rivalry between
Indiana and Kentucky. The feeling will be in
Indiana, that the canal may be managed in the
interests of the people of Louisville instead of
the whole country. Therefore it was thought bet-
ter to leave it within the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States and under the control of the United
States, to be managed by officers of the United
States, and all the expenses of the management
to be paid by a small toll upon the improve-
ment itself; leaving, however, the commerce
of the country to be subject to no other restric-
tion, no other tax, no other restraint in the
removal of this natural obstruction, as I shall
call it, except that which is now levied upon
similar improvements in the State of Michigan
and in other parts of the country. It does seem
to me that there is a clear and strong case here
for this improvement.
Sir, if this appropriation cannot be justified
no appropriation in this bill can be justified.
How can you justify an appropriation of
§000,000 to build a canal around the falls of
the Mississippi, where the commerce is far less
than it is at this point, although in future times
it will be great? I have never opposed that.
I believe it is wise to remove that impediment
in the Mississippi river : but how can you vote
$000,000 for that and not vote $450,000 for
this, when the commerce around this obstruc-
tion is far greater than around the other? They
arc precisely alike. How can yoa justify a vote
to clean out the St. Clair flats, another natu-
ral obstruction caused by the widening of the
channel of the St. Clair river, and refuse to
remove this obstruction ? Is it because this
commerce has suffered for forty years a ton-
nage tax, and you will therefore continue that,
while you are making free all other lines of
communication? Why, sir, if the Mississippi
river improvement had bean commenced forty
years ago it would have been subject to a ton-
nage tax in the same way; but the progress of
our country and the enlightened spirit of the
age have fixed it as the settled policy of the
country that the national Government should
remove all these obstructions. Therefore it is
that I have always voted for every appropria-
tion bill to clean out the St. Clair flats, to im-
prove the Mississippi river, and for all of these
great improvements. There never has been
any reason for twenty years past, since this
policy has been adopted as the policy of the
country, for continuing this obstruction in the
navigation of the Ohio river. It would have
been cleared away long ago but for the rivalry
of interests between Indiana and Kentucky,
the Indiana people demanding the construction
of a new canal on their side, and the people
of Kentucky desiring to have theirs.
Now, sir, I believe it is economy to adopt
this proposition, because if you grant this ap-
propriation now you will not have, probably
i'or twenty or thirty years, any proposition to
build a canal on the Indiana side. I would
not myself vote one dollar of money to start a
new canal on the Indiana side ; but it is abso-
lutely necessary that this canal, which may be
enlarged by the expenditure of $1,170,000,
should be made commensurate with the wants
of commerce. Therefore it is, although this
improvement is far removed from us—one
hundred and fifty miles from Cincinnati—that
our people are deeply and strongly interested,
and feel that this tax upon their commerce,
which they have paid tor years and years,
should now finally be wiped out. Why, sir,
every barge, every boat, every steamer that
passes through tuis canal every day pays a
heavy duty. No similar duty of the kind is
levied on any commerce anywhere else. I
think, therefore, Congress would act wisely
and in the spirit of true economy in removing
this obstruction and placing the commerce of
the Ohio river on precisely the footing of com-
merce on the Mississippi river or the St. Clair
river or the commerce of the great arterial
stream that flows from Lake Superior into Lake
Huron. Then there will be no farther ground
of complaint.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to one fact which is estab-
lished by the document I have in my hand,
that these bonds, although issued by a private
corporation, were expressly authorized by the
Government of the United States. 1 read first
from a letter addressed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in 1857, to the engineer of the work,
in regard to the commencement of this work,
to show that this branch canal was undertaken
by the express authority of the United States:
Louisville, Kentuck y, March 2,1857.
Sib: You will consider the plan? for the enlarge
ment of the Louisville and Portland canal, and for a
branch thereof, with an enlarged lock or locks, as
set out in the report of Edward Watts, engineer,
adoptedforthe enlarging and branching ofsaid canal,
subject only to such changes or modifications as Con-
gress or the Treasury Department shall direct, and
that you are authorized to purchase the necessory
land for said branch in the name of the Louisville
and Portland Canal Company, and apply as much of
the tolls received as may bo necessary to secure the
same—
It was to be done in the name of this canal
company; but it was substantially done by the
authority of the Government of the United
States and for it.
and vou will apply the residue of the tolls, after
paying expenses, to the enlargement, improvement,
and extension of the canal according to said report
and plans.  
Very respectfully, JAMES GTJTHRXE,
Secretary of the treasury.
On the 24th of May, 1860, the following
joint resolution was passed by Congress:
"That the president and dfreotors of tho Louisville
andPortland Canal Company be, and they are hereby,
authorized, with the revenues andcreditsof thecom-
panyto enlarge the said canal, and to construct a
branch canal from a suitable point on-the south side
of the present canal to a point on the Ohio river, op-
posite Sand Island, sufficient to pass tho largestelass
of steam vessels navigating the Ohio river."
Now, sir, this branch canal is expressly au-
thorized by the Government of the, United
States. This company issued these bonds by
the express authority of the Government of the
United States. The Government of the Uni-
ted States owns all the stock but $500, left .in
private hands for the simple purpose of man-
aging it under the charter. The whole ques-
tion may now be summed up in this: here is a
debt contracted for the purpose of completing
this branch canal, contracted by the authority of
the United States ; and the question is whether
this debt shall be paid by the United States
itself, or whether it shall be paid by a tax levied
on the commerce of the Ohio river. All {hat
we ask is that this improvement shall be put
on the same footing with other improvements ;
that this debt, thus contracted, is uow substan-
tially the debt of the United States; that it
ought to be paid by the Government directly,
and not by a tax levied on the commerce of
that river ; that if the commerce of this river
shall be taxed for the purpose of making this
improvement, then the commerce of every other
river and every other lake and harbor should,
on the same principle, be taxed for, the pur-
pose of making all other improvements. f
insist, as 1 did last night, that this bill is incon-
sistent as it comes from the hands of the com-
mittee, because the committee recommend an
appropriation of $000,000 for the purpose of
constructing a canal around the rapids of the
Mississippi riv.er, and refuse to make an appro-
priation for this purpose here, requiring tho
commerce of the Ohio to pay the debt and to
finish the canal. I hope the action of the Sen-
ate will be consistent, that this work will be
put on the same principle and upon the same
grounds with all other works that the Govern-
ment has undertaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have
listened with a great deal of interest to this
debate. It is perfectly evident that this ques-
tion is one upon which considerable may be
said upon both sides, and with a great deal of
plausibility on each. There is one thing, how-
ever, in the debate that I a little object to ; it
is what I have noticed here in the Senate before,
and what I have sometimes suffered under, it
is that when gentlemen see fit to oppose a par-
ticular movement for an appropriation made
fiom one section of the country, at once inti-
mations are made that they would not act in
the same way with regard to their own section;
that it is not fair, and that there are some mo-
tives underlying; that motives of the public
good which have reference to the condition of
the country and the interests of the Treasury
really may not after all be the actual reason of
the opposition. I object to this, and I hope
that what I shall say in support of the propo-
sition to strike out this appropriation at the
present time will be imputed to nothing except
my opinion that at this period the appropriation
ought not to be made: that the state of the
country is not such as to permit it with a proper
reference to its financial condition and to the
grounds upon which such improvements are
ordinarily placed, and not to any wish that I
have to embarrass what seems to be a very
great public improvement.
I was struck by what seemed to be not ex-
actly the fair argumentof my honorable friend
from Indiana, which lie has just closed. Let
us look back to the history of this canal, for 1
am somewhat familiar with it. AVhen it was
first designed upon what ground was it placed ?
Application was then made to the Government,
for at that period it was very difficult to convey
the idea that Government could engage in pub-
lic works of this description at all. That policy
