1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
nation—that is"to say, when the financial Views
of my honorable friend from Indiana, if cor-
rect, are carried into effect and relieve the
Treasury and again pat the country in a state
of great financial prosperity—I think it will
then be time enough to consider whether we
can spend mofley, and so much money, upon
these great improvements which are to cost
untold millions. Until that time comes, so far
as my'section of country is coricerned, I am
perfectly willing to wait and do 110 more than
is absolutely necessary in order to keep that
which we have and see that we do not lose by
deterioration. That every prudent man would
do in the management of his own private affairs,
and! why should not a country like ours, great
as it is in extent but poor as it is in purse just
at this time, carry out the views which we ex-
press whenever we make general-speeches on
the subject, and not undertake so many things
ofsuchgreatimportance, the result of engaging
in which will be to render it doubtful abroad
as well as at home whether we ever mean to
relieve ourselves of the obligations under which
we labor.
Sir, a3 I said before, I do not know but that
the time will come—my feelings certainly would
lead me that way, perhaps it may come in my
day, perhaps not—when I shall be willing to
engage in undertaking even greater works than
we have heretofore for the benefit of any sec-
tion of the country. Nobody is prouder than
I am of the gfeat West, and I am equally proud
of the Bast, not so great, but a little nearer to
me ; but at the same time I do not think that
both of them combined can afford to render it
doubtful whether they mean to save now in
order to be able to spend hereafter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I desire to say a word upon this question. What
I would have said has been anticipated, and so
much better said than I could say it that I shall
be relieved in that respect. I believe there is
but a single point to which I desire to advert.
The honorable Senator from Indiana says that
this amendment involves an inconsistency in
f he action of the committee. It'is simply upon
that point that I desire to address myself to
the Senate, because upon that point chiefly it
is that I take any interest in the question.
i did not rise, and did not propose to address
myself to the Senate upon the general subject;
but upon the question of how it is or why it
is that the Committee on Commerce—whose
champion, I beg to assure my friend from
Michigan, I do not assume to be—struck this
measure out, I have a word to say. It is
simply because at th6 time this bill was con-
sidered I had the honor to have some connec-
tion with the committee, and it was under cir-
cumstances when I believe the whole policy
of the bill was adjusted.
I desire to call the attention of the Senate
distinctly to the character of this bill as indi-
cated by its title. It is " An act making ap-
propriations for repairs, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works." That is
the character of the bill; that is the title of the
bill; that indicates its policy. It is "for the
repairs, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works." My honorable friend from
Indiana will find, if he examines the title of
these bills of appropriations, that this is un-
usual ; it is not the ordinary phrase in which
these bills are couched. They are appropria-
tions for improvements, ordinarily, in a gen-
erally, according to specifications and plans;
but it will be seen by the Senate at a glance
that here is a departure, and a departure evi-
dently for a reason, and why ? It is a limita-
tion of the policy of the Government hereto-
fore. It is saying, " This year we will appro-
priate as we bave not been accustomed to do
heretofore ; we will limit the policy of appro-
priations this year." Why? If you can "ascer-
tain that you will ascertain why it was that the
committee made these amendments, whether
sound or not. In order to ascertain this you
must go back and look at the condition of the
finances of the country, the condition of public
affairs. You will find that in 1866-07 the
recommendations' from the engineer depart-
ment were forabout nine millions of appropria-
tions for internal improvements. The commit-
tee of the House of Representatives, in har-
mony with these recommendations, had origin-
ated a bill to that extent. When it fell upon
the ear of the House, the House was somewhat
astounded at the idea last year of appropriating
nine millions of money to the general subject
of improvements.
Now, if you look into the proceedings of the
House yon will find that some time in March
the House sent a resolution to the War De-
partment directing that the appropriations for
internal improvements for this year shotild be
limited' to such sums, in the language of the
resolution, as were necessary to keep the works
already assumed by the Government in repair
and preservation, and to carry them 011 to com-
pletion. That was the policy of the House of
Representatives. It was to say, " We will enter
under these circumstances upon no new enter-
prise, but certain enterprises we have on hand;
we will repair them, we will preserve them,
and we will complete them ; but for the pres-
ent, while the condition of our finances is as
it now is, while we are burdened with taxation,
while we are collecting these vast revenues
from the people, we cannot enter on new en-
terprises." That was the policy of the reso-
lution ; and in harmony with that came a new
and revised estimate, which, when it'reached
Congress, became, as I will say to the honor-
able Senator, the policy both of the committee
on the part of the House and of the committee
on the part of the Senate ; and the bill which
was reported to the House from the Committee
on Commerce was in harmony with this re-
vised estimate appropriating just enough to
keep the works on hand in repair, and repel-
ling the idea that the country was in a condi-
tion at the present time to enter upon any new
enterprise whatever.
Whether the action of the committee is con-
sistent with the title of this bill and the gen-
eral scope of the bill depends on what ? It
depends upon whether this is a new enterprise
or not. The committee thought it was, and I
think the history of the measure as it has
been given by_ my colleague and others shows
clearly that itisa new enterprise ; that it is not
in harmony with the revised estimates which
were sent here by the War Department in obe-
dience to the instructions of the resolution to
which I have referred; that it is not in har-
mony with the other portions of this bill, and
to adopt it is to do great injustice, I will say
to my honorable friend from Indiana, to other
portions of the country, because he will see
that appropriations for new enterprises in other
parts of the country have been stricken out of
this bill to make it in harmony with the revised
estimates. I submit to him, therefore, that to
be consistent the committee were bound to do
precisely what they recommended here. To
be in harmony with the resolution of the House
and in harmony with the revised estimates
they could do no other thing.
Now, sir, I have said substantially all that
it was my purpose to say, and with a single
word or twe in reference to the point whether
or not this is a new enterprise I shall leave the
subject. I wish to say distinctly that I do not
propose by any vote I give here to do any
more than keep myself in harmony with the
policy which I understood to be established
by the Committee on Commerce at the last
session, when I had the honor to be a member
of the committee. I do not desire—nay, sir,
I refused—to be committed to the question
whether this proposition is one which com-
mends itself to the policy of the country or
not. I very strongly suspect that it is. I will
say to my honorable friend from Indiana that
T very strongly suspect that under proper cir-
cumstances. at a proper time, I should find
myself quite willing—nay, quite anxious—to
relieve the burdens of commerce on this great
river, which has been so eloquently vindicated
by my honorable friend. But I submit to him
whether we can depart from the policy of this
bill at tlie present moment, after what has taken
place here and in the other branch of Con-
gress, without doing injustice to other portions
of the country which have been discriminated
against precisely as this has been in this bill.
My honorable friend, I know, has a deep
solicitude in the finances of this country and
in their successful administration, and he must
bear in mind that if he now insists upon put-
ting $3,000,000 on this bill—for that is what it
is substantially, and the appropriation must be
continued from time to time to keep up the
work—if he insists upon putting on this hill
$3,000,000 for this particular purpose, he will
find himself involved in this predicament:
all the interests that hare beeii discriminated
against by the policy of this bill will come back
on him and ask to be heard. And I submit, to
him whether, with ail the solicitude he has
shown and the position in which he has placed
himself before the country in regard to the
finances, he is willing to say that he' will load
this bill down at the present time by an appro-
priation of $9,000,000, for that was the ori-
ginal estimate. If he is not willing to do that,
let him be careful how he takes the first step,
because if he takes this step it leads to that.
If he takes this step it leads back to the ori-
ginal estimates. If he departs from the revised
estimate, which was based upon the strictest
economy, which was based upon the' idea of
doing no more than was necessary to finish the
works we had on hand or keep the old ones
in repair until times should be better, then he
must enter upon the old estimates to the fullest
extent; and I submit to him whether he believes
that the finances of this country are in a con-
dition to justify any such amount of expendi-
ture.
Mr. President I do not think it was neces-
sary to enter upon the question of internal
improvements which was raised yesterday
by my honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Yates.] No such question need be raised
here. The country in its policy is thoroughly
committed to the improvement of the great
public natural highways of this country, whether
they are external or internal, whether they are
the harbors of waters which are flooded by the
tides, or whether they are internal and beyond
the reach of the tides. By the judgment of
the Supreme Court all distinction between
these two classes has been annihilated; and
by the policy of the Government, and the
practice of the Government, and the untold
millions of money which have been expended
on these internal waters, commit the Govern-
ment thoroughly and conclusively to the doc-
trine that you may remove these obstructions.
My honorable friend from Indiana, with alibis
acuteness as a lawyer, will not deny that there
is an obvious distinction between the case he
presents and the ordinary case of removing
obstructions. It is quite specious, to say the
least of it, to contend that there is no differ-
ence between removing an obstruction from a
river which is under the absolute control,
authority, and jurisdiction of the Government
of the United States, and purchasing a canal
which is the property, which is the franchise
of a State, subject to its jurisdiction, authority,
and control, and over which by the terms of
this bill, when it has purchased it, the Gov-
ernment of the United States is not to have
the slightest jurisdiction; for my honorable
friends will not contend that if this appropria-
tion is made, and the Government incurs the
expenditure of some two million eight hun-
dred thousand dollars or three million dol-
lars by the terms of this bill, the Government
of the United States would have the slightest
jurisdiction or control over it except in strict
subordination to the jurisdiction and authority
of the State of Kentucky as expressed through
a private corporation.
Now, I submit that upon the ordinary doc-
trine of improvements as applicable to those
highways over which we have the absolute con-
trol there is a manifest distinction. There is
no precedent that I know of in the history of
this Government which justifies us iu saying
