1869.
TMM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that it is expedient for this Government to pur-
chase the interest of a private corporation in
a State and take control of it. Especially I
should hope the day was very far distant when
the Government of the United States would
undertake to do any such thing as that, unless
when it did it it should by the terms of the act
subject it to the absolute authority and juris-
diction of the Government
My honorable friend from Ohio says there
can be no distinction at all between cutting a
canal around a difficulty and removing the dif-
ficulty. I think the distinction is obvious. It
is that which I have just stated. To remove
the obstruction is within your jurisdiction.
The moment you go outside and go upon the
jurisdiction of the State you are outside of
your jurisdiction and you are outside of your
authority. And, sir, if you can cut a canal
two or three miles—1 believe that is the length
of this canal—can you not cut it ten? If you
can go around the Louisville falls can you not
go around Niagara Falls ? And if you can go
around fourteen miles—for I believe that is the
survey around the Niagara Falls—if to remove
or avert an obstruction you can go fourteen
miles around Niagara Falls to promote com-
merce, what prevents you from avoiding the
whole and taking a short cut, and thus pro-
mote commerce by avoiding the whole diffi-
culty ? The principle, everybody must see, is
precisely the same.
I do not argue the principle. That is no
part of my object. It was only simply to justify
myself for the ground that now, under these
circumstances, under the policy which I under-
stood Congress to adopt last year that they
would not make one dollar of appropriation
for a new enterprise, we ought not to make
this appropriation. It is not in harmony with
that policy. We refused to pass the bill last
year, and we appropriated $1,500,000, which
was enough for temporary purposes until this
session, and now we propose to make these
appropriations in harmony with the revised
estimate of which I have spoken ; and 1 say to
the honorable Senators from Indiana atid Ohio
that if they insist upon putting this new enter-
prise upon this bill it necessarily leads to a
revision of the whole estimates, which will run
up this appropriation bill to between eight and
nine million dollars—a sum beyond that which
I think the Senate of the United States would
be willing to vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill originally only
covered $7,000,000, and $1.500,OOOwereappro-
priated at the last session, which have now been
deducted from this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Seven million
dollars, exclusive of this item. This was not
in the estimates.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is in the House bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Bat it was not
estimated for. The original estimates included
in the bill were about six million eight hun-
dred thousand dollars; and this was added in
the other House, so that it would make the
whole appropriation something over nine mil-
lion dollars. My argument is that the honorable
Senators have no right to insist upon this,
unless they are willing to go the whole figure
and take all the estimates which cover all the
new appropriations in order to adjust the
whole matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the honorable
Senator takes his seat, as he speaks from the
Committee on Commerce 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I am
not on the committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator in relation to this
appropriation on page 5, lines one hundred
and two and one hundred and three:
Tor improvement of Des Moines rapids, $600,000.
Is that necessary to keep 'the work in repair,
or is that an appropriation to go on with the
work ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is for the
completion of work already begun.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Its continuation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will see that it falls within the policy indicated
by the title of the bill as the committee under-
stood id. -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This other appropria-
tion which is asked for in relation to the Louis-
ville and Portland canal seems to be in its lan-
guage the same ; that is to say, "the snm of
$450,000 is hereby appropriated toward com-
pleting the Louisville and Portland canal" in
accordance with certain estimates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. When we say
'' making appropriations for the repair, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public works,"
what public works do we mean? Public works
of the Government of the United States. It did
notcontemplate co^ipletingthe works of States.
Now, the Louisville and Portland canal is a
public work belonging to the government of the
State of Kentucky, in no sense whatever a pub-
lie work of the Government ofthe U ni ted States,
except in the sense that the Government ofthe
United States did contribute to the completion
of that work by becoming a subscriber to the
stock of the company, and that is the only sense.
The work was originated by the State of Ken-
tucky, under a franchise granted by the State
of Kentucky, was carried on by the State of
Kentucky and controlled by the State of Ken-
tucky. In 1842 the Legislature of that State
passed an act, alluded to by the Senator from
Ohio, by which it was agreed that the State of
Kentucky and the city of Louisville and the
United States Government might become sub-
scribers to the stock of the company to the
whole extent of the stock, and the president
and board of directors were authorized to
transfer the property to the Government of the
United States—not to make it free, as the Sen-
ator from Ohio supposed and stated when he
was up, but upon the conditions set forth in the
act, which, so far as the action of that State
was concerned, continued the imposition ofthe
tax of which my honorable friend complains
during all time. That was the policy of the
State of Kentucky in 1842. These were the
conditions which that State in 1842 provided
should be imposed upon the commerce of that
river, which they ask now to be relieved from.
Let me read the conditions:
"The shares so purchased by said board shall be
held in trust by it lor the purposes herein declared,
and shall be voted on by them at all subsequent
meetings and elections; and when said shares shail
be all purchased, the same shallbe transferred to the
Government of the United States on condition of
said Government levying toils for the use of said
canal only sufficient to keep the same in repair and
pay all necessary superintendence, custody, and
expenses."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what I said.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well, sir;
I will not comment on it further. I have said
all that I desired to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, proposing to strike out
the third section of the bill.
• The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell. Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden,
Frelinghuysen, Howard, Howe, Morgan. Mo: nil of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson oi New Hamp-
shire, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Williams, and Wil-
S°NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew, Cameron,
Davis, Doolittle, Drake, Fowler, Harlan, Harris.
Hendricks, McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Osborn,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pool. Eamsey, Rice, Robert-
son. ltoss, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague,
Tipton, Van Winkle. Vickers, Wade, Warner, Welch,
Willev. andYates—-32.
ABS15XT—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conness, Dixon,
Grimes, Henderson, Kellogg:,Norton, Nye, Pomeroy,
Thayer, Trumbull, and Whyte—13,
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was to strike out section four of the
bill, as follows :
Sec, 4. A.nd be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of War is hereby directed to cause examinations
or surveys or both to be made at the following points,
namely: at the harbor of Black Bock, Connecticut;
at the entrance of Cuttyhunk harbor. Vineyard
sound in view of the erection of breakwater; at the
! Washita. river, in Arkansas; at Passaic river and at
i Abseeuin inlet, in New Jersey; at the entrance of
i Rondout harbor, on the Hudson river,jxqw York;
at Christiana riv-er, Delaware; at the harbor of Ches-
ter, Pennsylvania'; at Waukegari, Illinois; at'the
Illinois river, from its mouth toward the western ter-
minus of the Illinois and Michigan canal; at th 
mouth of Oconto river, Wisconsin; at the White
river, in Arkansas* from it's mouth toBatesville, and
the Black river from its mouth to Poplar Blutf, on
Black river; at the harbor of Port Washington, in
Wisconsin; at. the Osage river, Missouri; at Reedy
Island and ListonVJCroe, in Delaware river and bay;
at and above the mouth of Schuylkill river, and at
and above the mouth of the Wabash river as far as
Lafayette, Indiana, in view of the'removal of bars;
at the harbor of Cape Porpoise, Maine; arid'a sur-
vey of Harpeth shoals, on Cumberland riyer, with a
view to the improvement of said river; at the month
of Bel river; and at the port of San Pedro, or Wil-
mington, on the coast of California, with reference
to the improvement of said harbors; #and at a point
near the mouth of the Sacramento river, known as
the " Hog's Back," with reference to removing said
bar. Ana the Secretary of War shall make full re-
port thereof to Congress, with plans and estimates
of cost, and with such recommendations in regard
thereto as the interests of navigation'require.
Mr. IlICE. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. There are. rivers in the f3tate
of Arkansas named in that section which are
proper subjects of aid from the Government..
White river, so far as water is concerned,,is
perhaps one of the best navigable streams in
the United States. There is no time but what
for about two hundred miles it is navigable for
good sized steamboats. It is different from all
other southern rivers in that respect. It never
gets so low but that good-sized steamboats can
navigate it without difficulty. But there are
some obstructions in that river in the way of
snags, and those snags ought to be cleared oat.
If they were, it would then be the best river
in the West for navigation. It runs through a
very fertile valley country, a cotton-growing
region, a section of conntry where the articles
to be transported are of great value both to
the State and to the country, and where a loss
by the sinking of a steamboat is a great dam-
age to the owners of the property transported.
That, with one and .two other rivers, is* the
only means we now have of getting the pro-
ducts of the State out upon the great highway
of the Mississippi. We have as yet tio com-
pleted railroads in that State. We bave no
other outlet except by these rivers, and unless
we can have them, in order so that the naviga-
tion may be reasonably certain, our products
cannot go to market with the facility that they
ought to get.
There is no better cotton country, perhaps,
in the South than the State of Arkansas. _ The
State has been unfortunately hemmed in in
times past for the want of, perhaps, a proper
public spirit within the State. But times have
changed very materially, and the present pop-
ulation there are not altogether responsible for
the condition of affairs that now exists.-
With a view of aiding us until we have the
necessary improvements made by the State, I
hope that the rivers will be cleared out so as
to give us that mode of outlet until a better
one can be afforded. The Washita river is
also a valuable river, but it_ is not anything
like as good a river for navigation as White
river; and yet at certain seasons of the year
every year it is navigable for good-sized boats.
The Washita valley perhaps sends out as much
cotton as any other valley in the State. They
have no other way of getting it out of the coun-
try except by way of that river. It is in bad
condition; it has never had any improvements
upon it to put it in condition for navigation,
so that losses are frequent upon it, and unless
the water is at a very good stage it cannot be
navigated at all. A little money well expended
there will make it a good navigable stream for
.perhaps one half the year; and I hope, as we
are getting very littlefrom any other appropri-
ation, that this section will not be stricken out.
I know nothing of the residue of the rivers
and harbors contained iii the section, but iu
regard to these two I am satisfied that Govern-
ment aid ought to be given, that surveys ought
to be made, and an estimate of what is neces-
sary to put these rivers in good order reported
by the engineer.
Mr. CHANDLEK. I will state that the
appropriation to carry on these surveys has
already been stricken out, and therefore "it
