220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
merit proposed by Mr..Brooks; and upon a
division there were—ayes 21,-noes 63; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Mr. Brooks were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 31, noes 82.
So the amendment was not agreed,to.
,Mr. WO0D. I move to amend the pending
paragraph by striking out the word " Turkey."
1 do so for the purpose of saying, in reply to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Jtod,] who
himself ha8 held a very high aud important
diplom&tie position, that if the doctrine be right
that this Government should be re presen ted on ly
where we have commerce, and where American
interests require protection—then I cannot see
why we should vote an appropriation to pay for
aminiater to Turkey, especially when the Gov-'
eminent of Turkey has virtually expelled the
American minister from its territory. If the
majority of this House deny to the oldest
Christian Government in the world the con-
sideration of a representative from the United
States—I refer to the Government of Rome,
the mother of Christianity, then I cannot see
why a Christian people, as we profess to be,
should continue to send a diplomatic repre-
sentative to an infidel Government such as that
of Turkey.
] want the country to understand that the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Covqde,] in the assault which he has
made upon the church of Bouie, but repre-
sents his party, it is but an intimation of
what is to couie in this country, perhaps be-
fore the coming Administration shall close.
Now, if we want to introduce a spirit of
economy in the public service I know of no
department of it that more requires it than our
diplomatic service abroad. We have reformed
evm-y department of the Government but that;
hut we still adhere to the old idea of keeping
a representative at the seat of every Govern-
ment, so that wbeu any particular question
arises there may be a minister plenipotentiary
and envoy extraordinary to settle it. We have
a minister in Switzerland. Although it is
truo that many Americans visit Switzerland,
as they also do Rome, we have no commerce
with Switzerland, and we never had a single
diplomatic question with Switzerland since the
foundation of our Government, yet wo propose
to continue a minister there, although we deny
one to Home, for which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. CovonRjhas frankly stated
his reasons.
I admire the frankness with which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has stated the lea-
sons for his action in that respect. He has
undoubtedly put the bout upon the right leg.
He says he cannot consent to send a minister
to Rome because the Government there is the
Government of the church of Rome, aud he
eousiders the church of Rome responsible for
tho votes given for the Democratic ticket in
this country. Now, if the question of religion
is to be made the criterion lor our action here,
then let us strike at infidelity aud not at Chris-
tianity; let us say that our Christian Govern-
ment shall not be represented at Turkey, while
we refuse to send a representative to the Cliris-
•tian country of Rome.
Mr. JUDD, I desire to say to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] that in my
action upon thisquestion I am governed neither
by Christianity, heathenism, or by infidelity.
1 do not think that such an element should
control our conduct here iu determining to
what places we should send our diplomatic
representatives. Do our interest and those of
our people demand the residence .of an offi-
cial clothed with the nation's sovereignty to
a certain degree, is the question that is asked
in opening diplomatic relations with another
country. But 1 would ask that gentleman, as
one of the Representatives of the commercial
city of New York, if be can see uo difference
between the iuterests of this country as con-
nected with the Government of Turkey and
the interests of this country as connected with
the Government at Rome? I would ask him
whether he intends to say to this House that
they stand ip respect to the commercial and
material interests of the country upon the
same platform? If I have rightly observe^,
they do not.
Mr. -WOOD. Does the gentleman desire a
reply ?
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. Well, 1 will reply by asking
the gentleman a question—I believe that is a
northern privilege. Whatcommercialinterests
has the port of New York directly with Turkey ?
Mr. JUDD. If I have been credibly in-
formed ships sail from the port of New York
to the Hellespont. Ships going from the gen-
tleman's own city trade in most of the port3
under the dominion of the Turkish Govern-
ment. If I am not mistaken in my knowledge
of the commerce of the country the city of
New York trades largely with different ports
under the dominion of Turkey.
Mr. WOOD. Not directly.
Mr. JUDD. Directly to a large extent,
unless T am mistaken. If the gentleman from
New York is better informed I would be glad
to have him enlighten me.
Mr. WOOD. There is an indirect trade by
English bottoms; but there is no direct trade
between the city of New York and Constanti-
nople.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Chairman, that is evading
the question. If the goods of the gentleman's
constituents go in English bottoms they need
protection just as much as if they went in
American bottoms. The point I make is that
the interests of this country in the country
governed by the Sultan are infinitely larger
than those which it has with Rome.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New York whether it is not the
Govern ment of Turkey that excludes American
vessels from the Black Sea and the Darda-
nelles until they have paid tribute and hum-
bled themselves?
Mr. JUDD. And all other vessels. The
requirement is not applicable to American
vessels especially.
Mr. Chairman, I do not suppose the gentle-
man from New York has made his motion in
earnest, but that he simply desired an oppor-
tunity to make an issue with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.] He has
charged this side of the House with opposing
the amendment because of some religious or
political fanaticism influencing its action on
this question. Why, Mr. Chairman, the Pope
has never reciprocated our civility by sending
a minister to this country. It has always been
a one-sided affair. More than that, ever since
Italy became substantially consolidated under
Victor Emmanuel, this mission to Rome has
been a sinecure and, to a certain extent, a thorn
in the side of the great nation of Italy, which
is upon friendly terms with us. This is a fact
that should be taken somewhat into considera-
tion by us ; but it is not a controlling consid-
eration. I repeat, however, lest the gentle
man from New York or any other gentleman
should make a mistake as to the position which
I occupy, and which I believe is occupied by a
majority of the gentlemen who have voted with
me upon this question, that we have thusvoted
because we believe this mission to Rome utterly
useless, simply affording a place in which to
deposit some favorite to live at his ease at the
public expense.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BUTLIiR, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by adding at the end of the pending
paragraph the following:
P< ovided. That the minister accredited to the Gov-
ernment of Nicaragua shall also bo accredited to the
Governments of Honduras, -G-uateraala, San Salva-
dor, and Costa Itica, and shall receive as compensa-
tion $9,000 a year, with a secretary of legation, who
shall receive a salary of $1,500 a year, and no more.
The minister at Hew Granada shall also be accred-
ited to the Governments of Venezuela and Ecuador,
and shall receive a salary of $7,500 a year, with a sec-
ret;! ryot' legation, who shall receive a salary of $1,500
a year, and no more.
The minister at Uruguay shall also be accredited to
the Argentine confederation, and shall receive a-sal-
ary of $7,500 a year and no more, with a secretary of
legation, who shall receive a salary ot $1,500 a year,
and no more. .
The minister at Peru shall also be accredited to the
Governments of Chili and Bolivia, and shall rcceive
a salary of $10;000 a year, with a secretary of lega-
tion, who shall receive a salary of $1,000 a year, and
no more.
Mr. Chairman, the committee will perceive
that this amendment proposes to consolidate
the missions in the Central American States,
where we now have five missions, and to give
the duty to one man. Italso proposes to consoli-
date the missionsto Venezuela, New Granada,
or the United States of Colombia and Ecuador,
where we have three missions, and to give it
to one man. It also proposes to consolidate
the missions at the Argentine confederation
and Uruguay into one. As there is a war be-
tween Brazil and Paraguay, in which the
Argentine confederation and Uruguay are
parties, it is not proposed to consolidate these
missions any further. Again, it is proposed
to consolidate the missions to Peru, Chili, and
Bolivia.
Now, sir, out of the $816,000 which we
appropriate for diplomatic salaries $114,000
are spent in these South American missions,
and by the consolidation I propose, with the
assent, I believe, of a majority of the Commit-
tee on Appropriation--, although we have had
no meeting when the whole committee was
present since the matter was up—I say the
whole business can be done, and much better
done, for $41,000 ayear, thereby saving $73,000
a year.
Mr. Chairman, the reason why we originally
established these missions was this : when any
oneot' these colonies declared its independence
of the mother country and established a repub-
lican form of government, in order to show our
sympathy with them and to give them moral
aid and support, we sent them a minister.
But, sir, that time is now passed. They are
quite as able to stand alone as Spain, their
mother country; and, indeed, she is much
nearer a republican form of government than
they are a monarchical form of government.
There is no such amount of business with these
small South American republics as will justify
us in keeping up a diplomatic force there
greater than that which we have in the whole
of Europe. It costs $114,000, as I have already
said, out of the $316,000 for the whole of our
diplomatic force throughout the world. There
can be no reason for keeping it up, except for
the purpose of giving office to some men who
are to be favored ; and, if we are to go into
any reform or any economy, I think these sal-
aries are more useless and of less consequence
to the Government than any other one of its
expenditures. And these salaries, you will
remember, are all paid in gold with the addi-
tion of the difference in exchange.
In one of the missions, where the salary is
$10,000, the minister has been absent for six
months on leave. If they can get along with-
out a minister from this country for six months
I would like to have them try whether they
cannot get along without a minister to that
country altogether.
Having explained the amendment, which I
believe has the sanction of a majority of the
committee as a measure of economy and re-
form, I will wait to hear what may be said in
opposition to it before making any further
remarks.
_ Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, I do not
rise to object to the amendment exactly, but to
express my surprise that gen tie men on the other
side, iu their efforts toward economy, should
begin at the little end instead of the great one.
The same principle would apply to European
missions that would apply to these South Amer-
ican missions ; and if we are to have a consoli-
dation of the South American missions I would
suggest to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who has undertaken this wotk of reform, that
instead of having, as this bill provides, sepa-
rate missions to the European Powers, he
should provide a distinct minister for Great
