}869.
THE. (JONG'RESSIOSA-L GLOBE.
ills
lachieola harbor and Appalachicola river to the
head of Moccasin slough."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment: in line sixteen, after
the word " .Missouri," to insert "at the mouth
of the Ompompanoosuc river, at its junction
with the Connecticut river, in Vermont." That
is the biggest river in my country, and as all
others are having their rivers surveyed, I want
this included.
'I he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I call for the yeas and nays
on that amendment. I should like to have the
Senator from Vermont go on the record.
• Several Senators. It is too late.
Mr. HO WIS. I move to amend the section
in the twelfth line by inserting after the word
"river" the words "at the mouth of the
Menomonee river."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is that?
Mr. HOWE. In Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I was about to offer an amend-
ment relating to. the Colorado river, a river
upon which improvement is more needed than
any other river in the United States ; a river
emptying into the Bay of California and rising
away above Great Salt lake. It is navigable
forsome hundreds of miles. One small steamer,
under, the command of Captain Trueworthy,
has made a successful trip, but attended with
great difficulties owing to obstructions in navi-
gation, to a distance of not far from five hun-
dred miles up that stream.
Mr. NYE. Six hundred.
Mr. COLE. Six hundred miles up the
stream. He reached a point within, I think,
two hundred and fifty miles of Salt Lake City,
from which point, that vast region of country,
containing a population of altogether, I pre-
sume, one hundred and fifty thousand souls,
would be supplied with the goods which they
need'much cheaper and much more directly
than by any route now known. This Captain
Trueworthy, in his enterprise, owing to its
difficulties brought ruin upon himself. He
expended many thousands of dollars in his
experiment. He has come to Congress for
assistance in making further examinations and
efforts for the exploration of that river. His
application was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and it has been before them nearly
all this session, with-a statement of the facts
necessary to enable the committee to act with
intelligence, with a full knowledge of the true
state of the case; but it seems the committee
have entirely overlooked the application, have
paid no regard whatever to it; and as I stated
before in reference to other points outside of
the immediate district of the chairman of the
committee, it has been entirely overlooked.
This river has been entirely disregarded. I ask
that this amendment be incorporated in the
section. I state in connection with it that the
apprepriation that was stricken out, $25,000,
will be wholly inadequate to the work of making
the examination of that river, if it were to be
devoted to that end alone; and when we come
to that portion of the bill I shall ask for a larger
appropriation than the amount which was
stricken out, in order to carry on these other
works. I move to amend the section by insert-
ing after the word "bar," in the twenty-seventh
line', the words "and the Colorado river, with
a view to removing obstructions therefrom."
The amendment was agreed to.
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is 011 the amendment of the commit-
tee, to strike out the section as amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose that these
various amendments that have been suggested
are simply initiatory steps to the expenditure
of money ; for I observe that the surveys are
to be made with a view of removing obstruc-
tions and with a view of improving harbors ;
and I suppose it will' be claimed, after these
surveys are made under this section, that the
Government is committed to the various works
designated in it;' and I am confident that it
will take millions upon "millions to carry out
the programme that is laid down in the section
as it stands.
Mr. FERRY. Suppose all that to be true,
it is certain that it is the policy of this Govern.-
menttomake necessary improvement sin rivers
and harbors. That is the whole principle of
this bill. Then, if there be improvements that
are necessary anywhere, we find ourselves un-
able to get the action of Congress upon those
improvements without a preliminary survey.
Such, at least, has been my experience. The
committee have simply asked the question,
" Has there been a survey ? " If the answer
is in the negative, they say " We can pay no
attention to your claim until there has been a
survey made so as to show whether this im-
provement be necessary or not." It does not
follow as a matter of course that if a survey is
made Congress will be called upon to make
the improvement; for the officers of the Gov-
ernment under the superintendence of the Sec-
retary of War are to report, not simply what
it will cost to make the improvement, but
whether the improvement is needful or not.
That i? what is asked for ; and if the officers
report that an improvement is needful, then
we ought to enter upon the construction of that
improvement; anu as we can only get the
information upon which Congress may act in
making the absolutely necessary improvements
in rivers and harbors by means of these prelim-
inary surveys, why do Senators insist that the
act for causing those surveys to be made shall
not be passed?
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, if the policy of
making surveys of rivers at this time is to be
adopted, I desire to say that perhaps there is
no better Held than the river alluded to by the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
California, [Mr. Cole.] The Government have
been at some expense in surveying that river.
They sentan expedition under Lieutenant Ives,
who made progress up the river about two
hundred miles from the month, and came to
what is called the Black canon, a pretty for-
midable looking place some miles in extent,
and the piesumption is that he got frightened
and declared the Colorado river unnavigable
any further.
Some enterprising gentlemen, among whom
was the gentleman alluded to by the honorable
Senator from California, and a gentleman of
prominence from the State of Pennsylvania,
made a private survey of that river by charter-
ing or buying a steamboat, and they succeeded
in getting through this Black canon, and found
it perfectly feasible for purposes of navigation,
with from fifty to one hundred and fifty feet
of water "through the canon. It is the best
part of the river, where the water is crowded
between those high rocks, and piles there to
such an extent that it averages a depth of from
fifty to one hundred and fifty feet. They went
as far as Colville, which is more than six hundred
miles from the mouth of the river, and there
they stopped with a steamboat drawing six
feet of water. Colville is in the State of
Nevada, if I dare venture to mention it. My
friend from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] is out
of the Chamber, or I would not venture to do
so. It is in that portion of the State of Nevada
taken from Utah and Arizona.
Upon further private surveys it has been
ascertained that that river is probably navi-
gable about eleven hundred miles. One of
the principal branches of the Colorado is what
is known as Green river, and that river is
crossed by the Union Pacific railroad east of
Fort Bridger. That 'river, as far as is ascer-
tained, has about the same amount of water
that the Upper Mississippi has in the dry sea-
son. Therefore an outlay of no considerable
amount, in view of the advantage it would be
to that region of the country in making an
outlet for its productions, would make a navi-
gable stream of ^ibout eleven hundred miles in
length. There would be no difficulty now, I
believe, in navigating a stern-wheel boat in
that portion of it that was heretofore supposed ^
to be entirely useless, to wit: the Green river i
ap t'o .the pointfrftere the> Unicwt Pacific rail-
road crosses that river.' ' "
It is not improper for me to'remark ri'ght
here that is one of the most productive reg'wris
of the country- lying upon the plains.  "T-he
Mormons, who hold possession of a iargfe''por-
tion of the country adjacent thereto; raise fine
cotton and almost all the tropical productions
along that river: I« is-never subject to snow,
and is really one of the most productive por-
tions of the country after you leave the Mis-
souri until yotl reach1 California.- It re very
large in extent, almost as large as the extent of
any river that h pioposed to be improved.
i do not. know what tiie policy of the Govern-
ment on thissubjeetisat this lime*;'I'do not know
that it ia politic to undertake it';'>bu£ if the gen-
eral policy is to be adopted of surveying these
rivers with a view to ascertaihing the practica-
bility of their improvement, then I sriggest-that
no river has been mentioned that has a stronger
claim to the consideration of the country, than
the Colorado. ■. . * . .
Mr. HENDRICKS. Are there- any boats
upon it? ^
Mr. NYE. I stated just before you-came in
that one boat drawing six feet of water had
gone up six hundred miles from its mouth to
a place called Colville.
The Senate will bear in mind that this river
runs through quite a portion of Arizona, and
through that portion of Atizona through -which
at the present timehaveto pass all the supplies
for our several posts along the river from Fort
Yuma. The expense to the Government in
getting supplies to the posts that are main-
tained there is very great
Mr. GRIMES. How is it-about the mouth
of the Colorado ?
Mr. NYE. Most of the improvement would
have to be probably at the mouth of the river
to admit vessels of greater draft of water.
The day is not far distant in the progress of
improvement when the mouth of the Colorado
river where it empties into the Gulf of Cali-
fornia will be one of the most important ship-
ping points upon the Pacific coast.. The Gulf
of California runs a thousand .miles or more
inland and northward.
Mr. GRIMES. How much.of this river is
in Mexico?
Mr. NYli. About two miles.
Mr. GRIMES. Is not the mouth of it ia
Mexico?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; it is in Mexico, at
Guayamas. It will be one of the most import-
ant shipping points, and the shortest route
piobably between the two oceans that can be
connected by a railroad. The SomhernPaeiMe
railroad, as it is called, is calculated uow to
cross just above the mouth of tfeis river. I
repeat, probably the greatest expense would be
in the improvement of the mouth of the river,
That is ail I desire to say on that subject. I
do not urge this policy ; but if the policy is to
be adopted I know of no river of greater
importance to be surveyed than the Colorado
river.
Mr. COLE. My honorable frieb-d-from
Nevada seems to express some doubt about the
policy of the Government touching these im-
provements. I think the policy is very well
settled, and that it is to make 
Mr, NYE. I think so, too, from the num-
ber of amendments that have been added to
the bill.
Mr. COLB. It is to make- improvements
about the .State of Michigan and the great lakes
of the West, and to ignore all other parts of
the country. That, it seems to me, is a very
well defined policy as indicated by the legis-
lation of the last half a dozen years.
Mr. HOWARD. I regret very much that
the honorable Senator from California speaks
disparagingly of the lake country. I do not
apprehend, however, that he will injure its
credit, if such is his purpose. But it isa suffi-
cient answer to make to his reflections to say
that there is more commerce annually afloat
on the lakes than is included in all our co&et
trade, by far. I wish that the honorable Son-
