1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
ater could be Upon one of the lakes of the
West during a storm, hear the roarings of the
wind, feel the tossings of the steamer or what-
ever craft he might be on, and experience the
yearnings which the love of life and safety
commonly suggests in such eases; and I think
he would make no further objection to appro-
priations for the improvement of the lake har-
bors. I hope, howevgr, that we shall proceed
to take a vote on this last section of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, .(Mr. Tillier
in t,he chair.) The question is on striking out
the fourth section of the bill as. amended.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
. The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I really do not know
how to vote on this amendment. I am quite
willing to- vote for a reasonable number of
surveys; but I do not want to vote for them if
introduced into the bill in this manner. They
ought to have the sanction of a committee that
the thing is reasonable and proper; something
beyond the individual opinion of a member
of the Senate, without communicating to us
even his- own knowledge 'on the subject. I
suppose the Government will be obliged, if it
intends to execute this section as now amended,
to employ a very large number of engineers.
Certainly it cannot be executed by the present
forceof theWar Department within any reason-
able time.
• I say, then, that my difficulty is as to the man-
ner in which this section is presented. I am,
of course, averse to voting for surveys involving
a very large outlay of public money unless the
particular surveys are each and all of them
sanctioned by some committee of the body that
has carefully examined the subject. I have no
doubt of the propriety of surveying the Colo-
rado river. That was a subject on which I
had some information previously, derived from
other than official sources; but as to nearly
all the other amendments I, and every other
Senator, must be profoundly ignorant; and yet
we are called upon to vote a large amount of
public money without any sanction at all for
it except the individual opinion and wishes of
particular gentlemen of She Senate whom we
desire to oblige.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. He says his attention has
been called to the survey of the Colorado river.
Has he obtained any accurate information or
been able to make ail approximate estimate as
to what the expenses of making such a survey
as that wcftild be—a critical survey, such as it
is necessary for an engineer to make who is
going to propose to Congress the great improve-
ment of a stream eleven hundred miles long?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator did not
understand me. My attention was not called
particularly to the survey of that river, but to
the location and general character of the river.
My interest has been excited in the subject
more as a question of geography, however,
than of navigation.
Now, Mr. President, I must express my
opinion that the Committee on Commerce, that
has had charge of this bill for months, ought to
have made inquiry on the subject of these sur-
veys and have distinguished between those
which should be made and those which should
not. and have afforded us an opportunity to
discriminate between the two classes of sur-
veys proposed. As it is, they simply report
an amendment striking out of the bill all the
provisions put into it by the House in regard
to the surveys. We are called upon in this
very unsatisfactory manner to select among
these propositions a certain number for which
we shall vote. For my part I do not see how
1 can vote to appropriate public money in this
manner.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendments of the committee
to strike oat the section. 1
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Anthony, Backalew, Chandler,
g, Corbett, Cragm, Doolittl*, Edmunds, ¥es-
Ceakling,
senden, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Sumner, Vick-
ers. Williams, and Wilson—23.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cole, Davis,
Dixon. Perry, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, McCreery, Mc-
Donald, Nye, Osborn, Rice, Robertson, Ross. Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, War-
ner, and Welch—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard,Cattell,Conness, Drake,
Henderson, Hendricks, Kellogg, Morton, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Pool, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Wade, Whyte, Willey,
and Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Am I in order now in
moving an amendment to the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
some amendments reported by the committee
not yet disposed of which were passed over
and which have precedence. They will now
be taken up.
The Chief Clerk read the first ameridment
passed over, which was to reduce the appro-
priation for the improvement of Green Bay
harbor, Wisconsin, from $35,000 to $17,500.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I have this to say about
that amendment. I wish the Senate would
hear me for three minutes; if I do not sit
down in three minutes I will in four.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senate is evidently
weary, and perhaps the merits of the Senator's
proposition will not be fully appreciated to-
night. Therefore, if he will yield, I will move
that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn; it is
Saturday afternoon.
Mr. CHANDLER. What is the motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now is that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
give us about five minutes longer. We can
get through with the amendments of the com-
mittee in five minutes.
Several Senators. Oh no; they will take
two hours.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall not insist after
we get through those amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw the motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion until five o'clock. I
think we can finish the bill by that time.
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw the motion to
adjourn?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he does I shall re-
new it.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Michigan. Two
or three of these amendments, perhaps more,
have been reserved; one that my colleague has
especially in charge, and one that 1 have, which
will lead to some discussion, and therefore it is
not at all likely that we can dispose of the bill
in five minutes, or by five o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think any of
them will lead to discussion. I shall make no
opposition to them.
Mr. GRIMES. Some of the questions that
were decided in Committee of the Whole will
have to be settled over again in the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I want to say something
about one of the amendments myself.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Oregon
wants to make a speech.
Mr. CHANDLER. His speech will keep
until some other time.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; he wants to keep
it until Monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the amend-
ments will not lead to any discission ; and if
the Senate will grant me until five o'clock I
believe we can get through with the bill. Let
us have half an hour more. I appeal to the
friends of the bill to let us try it for half an
hour longer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce. It has evidently got into such a
shape that it ought to have the further revis-
ion of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the bill and the
amendments be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will move now to
take up two or three little bills that will not
take more than five minutes, reported from
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to recommit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nebraska moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. SUMNER.- I
hope not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was.a division
called for on the question whether the bill was
recommitted or not.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not hear the call for a division. The
Chair will say to the Senator from Wisconsin
that, he listened for a call for a division, but
did not hear any. Did any Senator call for a
division?
Several Senators. No.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. None was
made.
Mr. DAVIS. _ I call for (he yeas and nays
on the proposition to recommit;
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is too late.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; it is not too lafe.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one thing which
is not too late. It is that the Senate should
act on the joint resolution for a pension for
Mrs. Lincoln; and I move that the Senate now
proceed to its consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is not in order at present.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yea3 and nays
on the motion to recommit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator from Kentucky call for the yeas and nays
on that motion ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do.
Mr. CONKLING. The question is whether
he did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator call for the yeas and nays at the time the
Chair stated the result?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; he did not, until
a motion for an adjournment was made.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote, to give the Senator from Ken-
tucky an opportunity to have the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe there is no mo-
tion before the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nebraska persist in his motion
to adjourn ?
Mr. TIPTON. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to appeal to
the Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to know whether
my motion to reconsider is not in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If Senators
will come to order the Chair will state the
question. On hearing the Senator from Wis-
consin state that a division was called for the
Chair delayed putting the motion of the Sen-
ator from Nebraska to adjourn ; because, if a
division was called for at the time, the Chair
would have felt it his duty to entertain the
call. Finding that it was not made at the time,
the Chair feels bound to recur to the motion
of the Senator from Nebraska to adjourn. He
now understands that the Senator has with-
drawn that motion.
Mr. TIPTON. No, sir ; I insist upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the adjournment.
Mr. CAMERON. I jet me appeal 
Mr. CONKLING'and others. The motion
is not debatable. ;
