222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
■ward upon the impulse of the moment. I do
not believe the gentleman entertains any grudge
against the minister to Chili, but such may be
insinuated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. I concur with the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and
hope his amendment or the substance of it will
be adopted^. I should prefer a division of the
various propositions he has submitted ; but in
the main it is an economical, a wise, and a
sound amendment.
It is intimated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] that in this matter we
might imitate the example of Great Britain.
Now, what has Grreat Britain done in Central
America, in the states of Guatemala, San
Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa
Rica, neither of them with one half of the
population of either of the three wards of the
city of New York which I represent? Great
Britain accredits to all Central America only
one man to act as consul-general, while we
send there five ministers. Guatemala and San
Salvador are represented in this country by
but one minister plenipotentiary, who resides
not in Washington, but in the city of New York.
Guatemala has half a representative, not here
but in New York; San Salvador has half a
representative, not here but in New York;
Honduras has half a representative ; Nicara-
gua has half a representative ; while Costa
Rica is represented only by a charg6 d' affaires.
Yet here in this bill, following a bad prece-
dent and a bad example, it is proposed to con-
tinue our five ministers to Central America
when one is all that Great Britain has there
and one is more than sufficient to transact all
the business of this country there, and better
qualified than would be five persons who had
the business divided among them with no one
to have the business there generally in charge,
which might be the case should all the duties
of our five ministers there be concentrated in
the hands of one person.
Mr. MAYNAliD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNAliD. Is not the gentleman
aware that these officers while absent always
have some one upon the spot to represent
them and to act in their name?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not propose to do
away with the consuls at any of these places.
Duplicate, triplicate the consulates, if neces-
sary, in the various ports of Central America,
but let us do away with the expense of minis-
ters plenipotentiary.
Mr. MAYNAliD. Docs the gentleman pro-
pose to endow tho consuls vvith diplomatic
functions?
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no. What I propose,
or rather what is proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, whose amendment I am
advocating, is to have one minister for all
Central America, with consuls in the various
stales composing it. It has been explained
that the .large number of representatives we
have had In Central America arose from the
recognition ot those states when they first
became independent of Spain. I think such
is not exactly the fact, but that these numerous
positions were created for the purpose of giving
olliecs to certain individuals at a period pre-
ceding the administration of the Republican
party, though that party has followed the bad
precedent thus established. I hope that this
proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts with regard to Central America will
be adopted.
One word in reply to the gentleman from
liliuois, [Mr. Judd.] There are in this bill
propositions for missions to Bolivia, Equador,
and I araguay, neither of which has any rep*
resentative here in the city of Washington.
One of the objections of the gentleman from
Illinois to a representation of our country at
Home was that Rome has no minister at this
capital. Whatever excellence there may be in
that argument, whatever weight it may have
had in the mind of the honorable gentleman
who urged it, I demand that he shall, as a con-
sistent man, carry out that line of argument
and move to strike out the provision for min-
isters to Bolivia, Equador, and Paraguay. And
the gentleman cannot evade the force of this
proposition by saying that we have no interests
to be cared for iu the city of Rome. Sir, we
have greater and higher interests in Rome than
in almost any commercial country in the world.
Rome is the seat of the arts, the placc where
students of art from every part of the world
must resort for the cultivation of their taste by
the study of the works of the great masters.
The sculptor must resort there, the architect
must resort there, the painter must resort there
to study the works of Raphael and others. Un-
less our artist3 resort to Rome to perfect them-
selves in their profession there can be no ad-
vancement in this country in any but the coarser
branches of industry and art. Why, sir, the
State of Connecticut makes the best clocks in
the world—clocks which should take the lead
in the markets of the world ; but those clocks
are rarely if ever seen in the parlors or sa-
loons of the rich, because of the incapacity of
the manufacturers to make for them cases at-
tractive in design and such as their value as
timekeepers demands. Artists educated in
Rome, in the midst of the best models, would
be able to design such cases for those clocks as
would give them a leading place in the markets
of the world and cause them to adorn the sa-
loons of Paris as well as those of London and
N ew York.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I propose
that after my colleague [Mr. Judd] shall be
heard, debate on this amendment shall, by the
consent of the committee, be closed.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wasiiburne?]
There was no objection.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Chairman, there may be
a question of consistency with reference to my
action upon the various portions of this bill;
but that will depend upon our progress in the
further examination of the various sections.
But, sir, I can see a broad distinction between
the young nations of Central and South Amer-
ica, infantile as they comparatively are, strug-
gling as it were for existence, with material
resources limited and bound round in every
direction. I say that I can see a very marked
difference between that class of governments
not being represented here and governments
of immense extent of territory and almost
unbounded resources.
The gentleman from New York has told us
that Rome is the seat of learning and of art.
Let us concede that, and also that our pleas-
ure-seekers and students visit that ancient cap-
ital of the world in pursuit of their profession.
But, sir, in conceding this I do not concede
that the protection and safety of our citizens
depend at all upon the fact that our representa-
tive at that court should be a minister resident,
instead of a consel. No American citizen who
goes there, cither in pursuit of pleasure or
study, needsany higher protection than can be
afforded to him by a United States consul.
But I do not subscribe to the gentleman's
doctrine that there are no other places which
students of art visit except the city of Rome.
Our students of art and literature visit other
capitals in Europe in pursuit of their profes-
sion ; and 1 will say that we have in our own
borders men who are entitled as artists to rank
with the foremost in Rome or anywhere else.
For, sir, the progress of art in this country—•
and no one knows it better than the gentleman
from New York—has kept equal pace with our
progress in our material interests. Our artists
have reputation abroad to-day, and that repu-
tation will continue to increase; and students
of art who go to study at Rome need no further
protection than can be afforded to them by our
consuls. I am, therefore, opposed to the con-
tinuance of the mission to Rome, as I am to
all other useless offices.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts ; and it was
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
At St. Petersburg, Madrid, Berlin, Florence, Vi-
enna, and Mexieo, $1,800 eich.
Mr. SCHENClL I move after the word
"Vienna" to insert ''Rio de Janeiro." My rea-
son for it is that this bill provides for dropping,
or at least does not provide for paying, for a
secretary of legation at that court. Now, sir,
in the empire of Brazil, with a population of
some twelve million inhabitants, where the
business of the legation far exceeds that of the
one at Berlin at least, and some other places
on the continent where secretaries of legation
arc allowed, this officer is needed. I speak
not unadvisedly when I say that it would be
impossible for the representative of this Gov-
ernment at Brazil to go on without some aid
of this character.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. _ I under-
stand that the Department of State is in favor
of this proposition, and I do not know that I
shall object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I notice that the bill in
another place refers to the republic of Mexico.
There was a time when that phraseology was
necessary in order to show that we recognized
Mexico as a republic, but that is now past, and
we might as well say the empire of Brazil or
the kingdom of Denmark as the republic of
Mexico. I move to strike out the words " the
republic of."
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to insert, at the
request of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding,] who is a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, under the heading of"'con-
sulates," after line ninety-three on page 5, the
words "and a consul at Valencia, Spain, at an
annual salary of $1,500." He informed me
that this was agreed to by the committee but
was left out by a mistake of the printer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
understand that the committee agreed to any
such amendment,and I donotseethe necessity
for any such consul.
Mr. KELSEY. I spoke on the authority
of the gentleman from Ohio.
The committee divided ; and there were—-
ayes 22, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Mr. Kblset, and Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-nine; noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am will-
ing to let the amendment be considered as
adopted, and we can have a vote on it in the
House.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
according!}'.
Mr. BliOOKS. I will ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether in this long list of con-
sulates any new names have been introduced?
I see some here which I do not recognize as
having been in former bills; I notice the place
of Bahia; but the gentleman can say whether
any new names have been introduced or not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not ono
new name has been inserted.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of
the bill, and read the following item ;
# Por expenses under the act of Congress to carry
into efieot the treaty between the United States and
ner m-itaanic majesty for the suppression of the Afri-
can slave trade, §12,500.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest to the chairman
of the committee that he can make something
of a saving by striking out this item of $12,500.
We are relieved from all responsibility now as
