1*809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
regards slavery and the slave trade. The treaty
to which this article refers, which I have before
me, was made for the special purpose of re-
lieving our country from the charge of being
connected with the slave trade in order to sup-
ply the southern States with slaves. No slave
is now found on our soil. Therefore we are
no longer under any responsibility of guarding
the coast of Africa, and it is quite time, it seems
to me, that we should relieve ourselves of any
connection with slavery and the slave trade by
refusing to appropriate this item, as is. here
proposed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In reply
to the gentleman I will say that the Committee
on Appropriations were not unmindful of the
suggestion he has just made. But they found
this appropriation to be required by the treaty,
which is the highest law. We are bound to
carry out its provisions, and hence we put this
appropriation in the bill. At the same time
the member from New York [Mr. KelSey]
drew up a resolution, which is to be offered as
soon as this bill is disposed of, directing the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to inquire into
the expediency of abrogating or modifying the
treaty.
Mr. BROOKS. In that case I suggest, s,s
this session is a short one and in all probability
we shall scarcely reach his bill, that we now
insert this additional paragraph:
That the Secretary of State be directed to inform
the Governmeat of Great Britain that the United
States no longer wish to continue inoperationartiele
nine of the treaty with Great Britain of Augusta, 1812.
What is the objection to that?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
prepared to do that unless I know more about
the treaty or the necessity of having it con-
tinued in force. While the Committee on Ap-
propriations were very desirous of saving this
amount if possible, still they did not wish to
act in the dark and undertake to legislate here
without full knowledge of matters which neces-
sarily belong to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Whether or not the treaty should be
entirely abrogated or modified it is certainly
not the sentiment of the American people to
neglect to do anything which is to put a com-
plete end to this blot on our nation's history.
Mr. BROOKS. I will waive the amend-
ment and allow the appropriation to go for
this year, but I give notice that I will move to
strike it out next year.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am opposed to striking
oat this appropriation, because even with the
abolition of slavery in the United btates there
yet remains the duty to be performed before
the world in pursuance of our own fixed pub-
lic sentiment on this subject in reference to
the slave trade, in no way_ touched, in no way
brought into such condition that we are re-
lieved from the obligation by the fact that
slavery no longer exists here. Ihat treaty
simply provides, as by agreement between
nations, that the slave trade shall be held_ to
be piracy, and for the purpose of enforcing
the mutual obligations of that treaty mutual
agreement is made that the ships of each
nation maybe overhauled for the purpose of as-
certaining the character of the vessel, whether
a slaver or not.
Now, I am sorry to be compelled to confess,
that within my own personal knowledge, upon
the coast of Brazil, long after the slave trade
had been held to be piracy by that Govern-
ment, as well as ours aud that of Great Britain,
cargoes were actually landed by two N ew \ oik
merchants and carried up into the mountains;
and 1 am still more sorry to add that while
one of those captains of slavers was thus en-
gaged his mother, a very excellent woman,
was delivering anti-slavery lectures m New
York. But what is true no longer perhaps in
reference to the coast of Brazil, is probably
true even at this time in reference to Cuba
and some other parts of the world, and I do
not feel like ridding ourselves of ail responsi-
bility for its existence by refusing to take oui
part in the police of the sea in order to pre-
vent this form of piracy from being continued
any longer. I hope the amendment will not
prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that there is no amendment pending.
The Clerk read the second section, as fol-
lows :
Sue. 2. And be it further unacted. That no diplo-
matic or consular officer shall receive salary for the
time during which he may be absent from his post
(fey leave or otherwise) beyond theterm of sixty days
in any one year: Provided, That the time equal to
that actually occupied in transmitting mail matter
to and from their respective posts to Washington
may bo allowed in addition to said sixty days, and
section three of act of March 30,1863, is hereby re-
pealed.
Mr. BROOKS. _ I rise rather to suggest
than to make a point of order, and I do it in
order to avoid the precedent. I submit that
this is legislation on an appropriation bill, and
that the Committee ou Appropriations had no
right to report such a provision.
The CHAIHM AN. The Chair overrules the
point ol* order, as this seems to be a limitation
upon an appropriation made, and that is in
order.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not appeal from the
decision of the Chair, because 1 do not wish to
consume the time of the House. I do not dis-
approve of this item of the biUT but I should
be very sorry to see a right thing put in the
wrong place. I think the provision's right,
but this is a very wrong place to put it in.
The Clerk then read the third section, as
follows:
Sec 3. And be it further enacied* That the fee pro-
vided by law for the verification ot invoices by consular
ofliuers shall, when paid, bo held to be a full payment
for furnishing blank forjus of declaration to be signed
by the shipper, and for making, signing, and sealing
the certificate of the consular othcer theroto ; and
any consular officer who, under pretense or charging
for blank forms, odvic.e, or clerical services in tbc
preparation of such declaration or certificate, shall
charge or receive any fee greater in amount than that
provided by law for the verification of invoices, or
who shall demand or receive for any official scrvice,
or who shall allow any clerk or subordinate to rocon e
for any such service any fee or reward other than tho
foe provided by law for such service, shall be accmcd
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall bcdismisscd from
olhce, aud on conviction bciore any court ot the
United States having juiisdiction of liko ollenses be
punished by imprisonment not exceeding onoyear,
or by fine not exceeding $2,000. And hereafter no
consul, vice-consul, oi consular agent in the Domin-
ion of Canada shall be allowed tonnage foes lor any
services, actual or constructive,/endcred any vessel
owned and registered in the United States that may
touch at a Canadian port.
Mr. BROOKS. I raise a question of order
on that section, because it creates a misde-
meanor in the fourteenth line and prescribes
a punishment of fine and imprisonment. It is
new legislation in an appropriation bill, ami it
is not in the power of the House to take the
yeas and nays on this section. It is a most
dangerous mode of legislation, and I feel it my
duty lo make the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, because this is clearly nevv legis-
lation, creating an offense and providing for the
punishment of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that this provision was introduced into the bill
at the instance of the gentleman from Ohio,.
[Mr. Spalding,] who can explain it. It may
not be in the right place, but it is certainly a
very proper thing to be done, and unless it is
done in this bill it will not be done at all.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman that when the bill goes into the House
he can offer this section there by general con-
sent, and we can then do the right thing in the
U°lfr.WWASHI!URNB, of Illinois.- I under-
stand very well that if the gentleman insists
on the point of order the section must bo
StrMr'Brooks. I must insist on it, because
it is important legislation, on which the yeas
aud nays cannot be called.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, aud the section will be stricken
°lThe Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sk<J. 4. And le it further enacted, That ?ecr(!-
tary of the Treasury shall be authorized, m his (lis
eretion, to cause examinations to be made mM the
accounts of th© consular officers of theTJnited Statos,
and into all matters connected with the businessot
their said offices, and to that end he may appoint
such agent or agents as may be necessary tor that
purpose: and any agent, when so appointed,.under
tho seal of the Treasury Department, shall, for the
purpose of making such examinations, have arutnor-
ity to administer oaths and take testimony, and snail
have access to all the books and papers of all consu-
lar offices. And any agent appointed in this benalt
shall be paid for his services a just and. reasonable^
compensation, not exceeding five dollars per day tor
the time necessarily employed« in addition to his
actual necessary expenses, the same to bo paid out
of the fund appropriated lor tho expenses of
ins the revenue, but no greater sum than $5,000shall
be expended us compensation of such'agent or agents
in any ono year. And the said Secretary, ol tho
Treasury shall communicate to Congross, at thecom-
moneement of every December session, the names
of the agents so appointed, and the amount paid to
each, togethorwith tho reports ofsuoh agents.
Mr. SCHENCK. I raise the point of order
on that section, and I will accompany it, if
the chairman of the committee will permit me,
with a suggestion. Here are three or four sec-
tions clearly of general legislation, and yet
they contain, I think, some very wholesome
matter. They might, perhaps, pioperly have
come from the Committee on Commerce; but
by whatever committee reported, I think they
are entitled to the consideration of the House
in some form, this section being one of them.
I suggest that they be withdrawn from this bill
and be introduced as a separate bill, or else,
if they are thought important, that an endeavor
be made to get them put in the bill in the Sen-
ate, where they have no such rule as we have
in regard to matters not germane to the bill;
and if they Come back from the Senate attached
to the bill we can no longer take exception to
them. I make this sijggestion because the sec-
tions are clearly out ot order as general legis-
lation. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio will suspend the point of
order for a moment I desire to make a state-
ment The third section remains in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. No ; the third sectiou
is out. . _ ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stood that only a portion of it was objected to.
The CHAIRMAN. No ; the whole of it was
objected to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
I was fully aware that a point of order could
ho taken on all the sections, and that they could
be excluded from the bill by the objection ol
any one member; but the provisions of these
sections were deemed so important to the pub"
lie Treasury that the Committee on Appropri-
ations directed them to be reported in this bill;
for, whatever we may say in regard to this mat-
ter, it is very certain that unless the sections go
into this bill they will never become a law
They are cognate to this subject of consuls, and
there is no objection except a technical one to
their being put in.
The gentleman from New York[Mr.BitooKSJ
has 'objected to the third section, which is in
regard to the verification of invoices and con-
sular fees. It is a matter in which the constit-
uents of that gentleman are more particularly
interested, perhaps, than the constituents of any
other member upon this floor. It has been
ascertained that these consuls abroad, who re-
ceive good and sufficient salaries by law for all
their services, have been in the habit of charg-
ing illegal, unofficial, and unauthorized fees.
It, is a disgrace to the officers and to the Gov-
ernment. All that we propose here to do is to ^
prevent that being done, and to fix a punish-'
ment should if be done. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bbooks] still insist upon
his point of order?
Mr. BROOKS. I must; and that shows how
disinterested I am, if, as the gentleman says, my
constituents are so interested in this matter.
But I cannot consent to create a new crime
and to fix the penalty for it in this manner.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that is
the gentleman's objection to the section, i am
entirely willing it should be amended m thai
respect as he may. think_proper; I am not par-
I ticular about the penalties.
! Mr. BBOOKS. The gentleman cafiaecom-
