1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating a copy
of the report of Brevet Major General Harney,
United States Army, upon the Sioux Indians
on the U pper Missouri; which was referred t.o
the Committee on Indian- Affairs, and ordered
to he printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the request con-
tained in its resolution of the 15th ultimo, a
report from the Secretary of State, communi-
cating information in regard to. the action of
the mixed commission for the adjustment of
claims by citizens of the United States against
the Government of Venezuela; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report, from the Secretary of State,
with accompanying papers, in relation to the
resolution of Congress approved July 20, 1867,
declaring sympa hy with the suffering people
of Crete; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of the Lake Shore Grape Grow-
ers' Association, praying the enactment of a
law to grant letters-patent on new horticul-
tural varieties; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present the memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Idaho, representing that that Territory is
producing a very large amount of gold, which
is rapidly increasing; that their circulating
medium there consists chiefly of gold dust;
that they are subjected to great inconvenience
and loss in sending their gold dust to San
Francisco to have it assayed or converted into
coin, and they pray that the biil establishing
an assay office in Idaho as it passed the House
of Representatives may pass the Senate. I
move that this memorial bo referred to the
Committee on Finance, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
the Lake Shore Grape Growers' Association,
praying the enactment of a, law to grant letters-
patent on new horticultural varieties; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 present the petition of John
J. Rogers and others, who entered some pub-
lic lands that had been previously appropriated
for the State of Illinois for canal purposes, and
had been specially appropriated by the canal
company. The petitioners of course lost their
lands by the prior right of the canal company,
and they now ask that the purchase money
which they paid for the lands be reimbursed to
them by special act, of Congress. I move that
the petition and the accompanying papers be
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial
of J. H. 0. Coffin, professor of mathematics
ill the United States Navy, praying that his
pay may be made equal to that, of a captain in
the Navy on shore duty ; which was referred
to the Committee on Xavul Affairs. >
Mr. FESSENDEN. I also present the.
memorial of James Pratt and a large number
of others, clergymen of the Protestant Episco-
pal church, urgently petitioning Congress to
take immediate action for the passage of a law
forbidding, under heavy penalties, the carrying
of petroleum or other inflammable oil in any
public conveyance hy land or water where pas-
sengers are to be transported at the same time.
A private letter from one of the memorialists
to me s'ates that two of the agents of that
religious denomination have lost their lives in
consequence of petroleum being earned^ on
board <'f vessels. I move the reterence ol the
memorial to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
40th Com 3d Bess.—No. 15
Mr. FESSENDEN. I also present the re-
monstrauce of Joseph Lanman, rear admiral,
and several captains, commanders, lieutenants,
&c., in the Navy, earnestly remonstrating
against the passage of a bill now pending to
reorganize and increase the efficiency of the
medical department, of the Navy, and giving
their reasons', not*"at great length, but suc-
cinctly. I shWSw like, before this memorial
is referred to t]MCommittee on Naval Affairs,
to whom it should go, to have it read for the
information of the Senate, and more particu-
larly as the bill is now pending in the other
House, with a view to have the contents un-
derstood. If there is no objection I should
like to have it read at the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The me-
morial will be rend if theie be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
United States Naval Station,
Portsmouth, N, it., December 25, lbGS.
To the Senate and House of licpreient'ttiv-e of the
United StatenoJ America i a Coiltrreis twemble!! :
We, the undersigned, lino oSicers of tho United
States Navy, respectfully he? leave to represent to
your honoi able body that we hav oseen the pioposo t
bill to reorganize find increase the efficiency ol' the
medical department of the Navy; that we also un-
derstand it to be asserted by the surgeons that this
b'll has tho ti p prov 11 and support of "all the {sensi-
ble line ((Dicers;'' but that on the eoiiliary, in our
opinion, tho ioe,t«ute is altogether objeetionablouud
opposed to tho bc-d interests of the service.
To any onotamiliur with the histoi.v of previous
and similar attomp s on tho part of the staff otli -eis
ot tho Navy it cannot, be suipn-ing to iind lliesc
gentlemen once mt.i e advancing tiu-ir exaggetated
pretensions and demanding an inordinate rank tor
their own™ peisonai ag-irautbzement, apparently
cither ignorant or rcgu.illcs-; "f theinjiuy done lo
tho service g< nor.illv. But hilheilo, although the
various genera! orders and enactments piocurcd by
them on tho-subject have not met, with our approval,
itb is no' seemed neeessaiy to us that our opinion
should he formn Uy expressed ; and had it not been
claimed to be tho exact reverse of what it is in the
prc ent instance we should probably have remained
silent. a-' heietoforc. We simply cannot allow the
assertion to pass current by any default of our own.
Wilh regaid to the merely peisonai aspect ot the
que-tion, tile-persistent cncroai hulents of tho staff
eoips have always proceeded npon 1 lie as-'umption
that rank is of supreme importance to them, but
have wholly ignored the fact tliat tho lino have an
ectual linerest itl tho decision, inasmu"h as the value
ot anv distinction is necessarily lessened by eveiy
addition to tho number "I those who enjoy it.
But we object to the pioposed bill unonmueh
higher ground, than these, namely, beoan.se it will
seriou«ly impair the discipline, tile cftkieney, and the
harmony ot the Na.vy; it creates an additional ex-
pense at, a time when the energies of all should be
directed to an opposite lesitlt; it gives positive in-
stead of assimilated rank, (which abme should < ver
be conceded,) and does this in a degree which is ab-
surdly out ot ait pioportiori to their duties or tolhe
requirements of the service. It is an insidious , fl'.irt
to exempt a dconrtmont trom the cgiiimat.e and ne-
eessaiy aui lioi ity and control of the I inc. n nd it amis
at an invasion ol I lie cabin by a crowd ol stall otliceis,
which ought never to be permitted.
We thereupon pray lllatyui honorable bed\ will
not pass the proposed or any simil r bill without
fiitt satisfying youiselves thatwe are mistaken in tile
amount ol suppoit given to it byline ollicei am!
al-'o tii,'t the bill itse.f is better entitled to that
suppaut than we believe it to be.
1 JOSEPH LAN 11 AN,
Hear Admiral Vr.itai A
And other naval officers.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CORBETT. I am reqnesled to present
the memoiial of the Legislature of Oregon, ask
ing Congress to extend a branch of the Union
Pacific railroad from Salt Lake by way of Snake
and Boise valleys, in Idaho Territory, Powder
river, and Grande Ilonde valleys, and soon, to
Portland m Oregon, on the Willamette, find
from thence to Puget sound, Washington Ter-
ritory, setting forth the importance of such a
road'to the community and the advantages to
the Government. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of distill-
ers and iiqnor dealers of Caltiornia, remon-
strating agn'nst the increase of the tax on
distilled spirits; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of miners ana
agents of nvners oil the Pacific slope, asking
for the passage of an act relative to duties on
the importation of carbonatc ores; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLE, I also present the petition^of
numerous influential citizens of Santa Barbara
county, in California, asking for the establish-
ment of a southern district court of the" Ufiite4
States in that State., They set forth that tl?e$
suffer great inconvenience by beiiig.com{?el],e<J
to take a long sea voyage to reach San Fran-
cisco, where the present court ia held.^ Irnpve
that this petition be referred to the SotAmittee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to. . .. - ,
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the memorial
of William T. Enstis, asking the passage, of
an act for the settlement of the depreciation
of the currency of the soldiers and officers of
the Bhode Island brigade, their heirs and
assigns, as the same were made to them and
ascertained by a committee appointed liy the
Legislature of Rhode Island at, the February
session thereof in the year 17S4, the report
whereof was received by the Legislature at
their October session in 1785, in accordance
with the principles and promises made to the
Army of tho Revolution by the resolve of the
Continental Congress of April JO, 1780, and
of the further resolve of August 12, 1780, and
subsequently embodied in an ordinance of tho
same Continental Congress of 7t h of May, 1787.
This subject has been before Congress lot' a
long time. ft. has been reported upon favor-
ably repeatedly, and I believe a bill for relief
has passed one or both branches of Congress
several times, but has never become a law. It
relates to a most interesting chapter of revo-
lutionary history very creditable to the patriot-
ism of New England, and not very creditable
to the justice of the Federal Government. I
move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKbING presented the memorial
of shipbuilders and shipowners of the United
States, protesting against the passage of the
bill providing for an increased duty oil copper,
and proposing a substitute therefor ; which
was referred lo the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of manu-
facturers of tobacco, cigars, and snuff, of
Utica, New Yiuk. praying the allowance of a
discount to puichasers of revt-uue stamps Qti
such articles ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY p"Osented the petition of
Charles B Gardner, of Virginia, praying^ to
be relieved from political disabilities; which
was referred to the Commit!eoon the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Thomas S.
Ilayiuond, of Virginia, praying to be relieved
from political disabilities; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
the petition of Mary Hodgson, of Tennessee,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of
Thomas 13. Wales &, (Jo , of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, praying that the register of the ship
Aet'-tmay be restored; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
JtKPOItT^ OF COMMITTEES.
Mr TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judicial y. to whoin was referred the bill
(S. No. S3.)) m part execution of section fom
of article four of the Cotistitu'iim, repotted
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 5'24) to facilitate
the decision of questions of conflict of jurisdic-
tion between the United States and the Stales
by the Supreme Court of the United States,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was lei'erred the bill (II. II. NTo 28o) to extend
the jurisdiction of proliu, e courts am! or jus
tices of' the peace ol the Territories of Idaho
ami Montana. lepotied adversely (hereon, and
moved its indefinite postpoiieiueut,; winch was
agreed to.
