1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
so that we may know .what theprofits of each
particular bank is or has been for the preceding
year.
I may be permitted farther to say that since
this law has been in operation no national
bank lias made to the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, or any other officer, any report showing
the profits the institution has made year by
year. In regard to this subject we are left
entirely to calculations based upon such data
as we have been able to obtain from the reports
of the Comptroller of the Currency. Now, we
want to know what these institutions are doing.
.Unless we have "such information we never
shall know with certainty whether there is any
evil requiring a remedy, or what remedy should
be applied if any wrong is being perpetrated by
these associations.
If the principle of my amendment meets the
views of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper,] although its exact wording may
not suit him, I hope he will put it in such a shape
as to carry out the object contemplated. I ask
the Clerk to read my amendment as I have
modified it. ' •
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the fallowing as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That the January state-
ment of such association in each and every year
shall state, in addition to the other facts, the gross
earnings and net profits of suoli association for the
preceding year.
. Mr. SHANKS. I suggest that the amend-
ment be modified so as to provide for state-
ments every six months instead of.every year.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingebsoll] allow
me to suggest a modification of his amend-
ment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the object of the gentleman might be accom-
plished by the insertion of a few words after
the word "July," in the twenty-fourth line of
the bill. The clause will then read:
And such reports for January and July shall con-
tain a statement of the profits of the bank for the
preceding six months, and shall be published, <fcc.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman will
adopt a part of the language used in my amend-
ment as modified, so as to provide that the
banks shall show their gross earnings and net
profits, I will accept his proposed modification.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It might
be pretty difficult for them to show their gross
earnings.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think not. I think a
bank can show its gross earnings just as well
as it can show its piofits. I have no objection
at all to the gentleman's suggestion that these
statements shall be made in January and July
of every year; but I think the words "gross
earnings and profits" should be retained.
Mr. GRfSWOLD. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] yield to me for a
suggestion ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to inquire
whether the present law does not require onee
in three months the publication of just such a
statement as the gentleman from Illinois pro-
poses to require by his amendment?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
it does not.
• Mr. INGERSOLL. The facts that there is
no such requirement in the existing law is the
reason I have offered my amendment.
Mr. PRICE. The existing law requires a
statement of the surplus, and also the expense
account of the bank. It is very easy to sub-
tract the one from the other.
The SPEAK.BR pro tempore. The Clerk
will report the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr.jKaBRSOLi,] as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following as a new seetian:
And be it further enacted, That the J anuary and J uly
statements of such association in each find every
year shall state, in addition to the other facts, the
gross earnings and profits of such association for the
preceding six months.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
amendment I suggested a moment ago will, I
think, be acceptable to the geatleman from Illi-
nois in the form in which I now propose to mod-
ify it. I ask the Clerk to read my proposition.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "July/' in line twenty-four, insert
the words "shall contain a statement of the gross
earnings and profits for the preceding six months,
and;" so as to make the clause read:
And such reports for January and July s^all con-
tain a statement of the gross earninga and profits for
the preceding six months, and shall be puSlwhed in
a newspaper where such association is established,
at the expense of the association making the same,"
&Q.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I accept that as a modi-
fication of my amendment.
The .amendment of Mr. IsgersoI-X, as modi-
fied, was adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me to ask him a question.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yield
for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. In the third and fourth lines
the bill provides that the banks shall be sub-
ject to a penalty of $100 a day for each day of
delay after a certain time. One hundred dol-
lars a day penalty for a national bank is no
penalty at all. They make that, some of them,
shaving a thousand dollar note. I suggest it
should be $500 a day.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
there are other provisions in the general bill
which will give the Comptroller sufficient power
over institutions in reference to making their
returns. This is simply to provide for careless
delay. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CKRTIFYING CHECKS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
same committee, reported a bill (IT. R. No.
1973) in reference to certifying checks by
national banks; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that it shall be unlawful
for any officer, clerk, or agent of any national
bank to certify any check drawn upon said
bank unless the person or company drawing
said check shall have on deposit iu said bank,
at the time such check is certified, an amount
of money equal to the amount specified in such
check; and it shall be the duty of the officers
of any national bank certifying any check to
enter the same to the account against which it
is drawn, as if the amount of such check had
been paid in money; and any officer, clerk, or
agent of any national bank violating the pro-
visions of this act shall subject such bank to
the liabilities and proceedings on the part of
the Comptroller as provided for in section fifty
of the national banking law, approved June 3,
1864.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. _ Mr.
Speaker, the House will perceive that this bill
covers but one subject. It prohibits the offi-
cers of banks from certifying checks when
there is no money in the banks against which
the checks are drawn. I think the House will
approve of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What penalty is attached
■to the officer who certifies a check when there
are no funds to meet it?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The law
provides a severe penalty. I demand the pre-
vious question. _
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly readthe third time, and passed.
• Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which tbe^ bill was
passed; and also moved that the. motion to
reconsidcr be laid on the table.
The lat.ter niotion was agreed,tp.
LOANS ON UNITED STATES NOTES, 'ETC.
Mr. BARNES, frpm the Committee on
Banking and Currency, reported back House
bill No. 1691, to prevent loaning money npon
United States and national bank notes, with
the following substitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
That no national banking association shall here-
after offer or receive United States notes or national
bank notes as security, or as collateral security for
any loan of mosey, or for a consideration shall agree
to withhold the same from use, or shall offer or re-
ecivo the custody or promise of custody of such notes
as security, or rs collateral security or consideration
for any loan of money. And any national banking
association otrending against the provisions of this
act shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof in any United States court
having jurisdiction, shall be punished by a fine not
exceeding $1,000, and by a further sum equal to ono
third of the money so loaned; and the president and
cashier of said bank who shall make such loan or
loans shall be liable for a further sum equal to one
quarter of the money so loaned; and the prosecution
of such offenders shall bo commenced and conducted
as provided for the punishment of offenders in an act
to provide a national currency, approved June 8,
1861; and the fine or ponalty so recovered shall be for
the benefit of the party bringing such suit.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the substitute will be considered as the original
bill.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BARNES. .The effect of this bill is
plain upon its face^ It seeks to overcome the
greatest difficulty which has presented itself in
the commercial community in regulating the
operation of the finances since the organization
of the banking system. With the fast accu-
mulation of profits in the hands of speculators
which has been afforded by the abnormal con-
dition of things for the last five years or more,
means have been devised by which the entire
banking capital of the country can now be con-
trolled by a few men. The legal reserve of
the banking institutions of the United States
by law at its minimum rate is now required to
be between one hundred and seventy-two and
one hundred and seventy-three million dollars.
It is well known to gentlemen who have watched
the operation of the error which this bill seeks
to correct, and which will be in a large degree
corrected by it, that a very few men represent-
ing a very limited amount of money in propor-
tion to the whole amount in the country can
so derange our financial affairs as to overthrow
almost every branch of industry in a very few
days.
During the month of November last, in the
city of New York, the locking up of from twelve
to sixteen million dollars of tlielegal reserve
of the banks of the United States produced a
decline of twenty-five cents per bushel m the
price of wheat throughout the entire north-
ern and western country, and a decline of from
three to four cents a pound upon the cotton
crop of the country, it stopped vessels from
loading produce at the wharves and piers of the
western cities. It reduced the price of Gov-
ernment bonds four per cent, in two days, and
it increased the rate of interest for the time
being from seven to fifty, and even one hnndred_
and fifty per cent, per annum. Such a state of
things perils the industry of the country, and
if it had been contined for a little time longer
it would have prostrated the entire national
banking system. Three gentlemen concerting
and combining together, each of whose deposits
are $5,000,000, give their checks upon the
banks and draw the money from the legal re-
serve, compelling the banks to contract, tin-n-
loans four dollars for one, or for $15,000,00'.!
drawn §60,000,000. If that is not sufficient t o
produce the effect of compelling the sacrifice of
collaterals held by the stock operators so that
-they may be bought in at a lower price, me
legal money so drawn is then taken to other
inst itutions or to otherbanks and deposited with
them as collateral for a loan, and_ then they
draw their checks upon those banks in .the same
