TBI CONCmiiSSiaMAL GLOB®.
January 7,
Navy is sent here foe a very important position
we, understand perfectly well what the question
is, aud we can reject him if we see fit; wehave
entire power over it. But if Senators think
that with reference to this class of officers it is
necessary or advisable to go further and,proj'
hibit the holding of both, I do not know, as I
said before, that I have any very great objec-
tion.
So with reference to the matter of national
and State offices, I entirely agree, with the
hon.orahle Senator from California that that
should be left to the State itself. If the State
chooses to appoint an officer of the United
States or.a man holding an office under the
United. States to a civil office in the State, or
if the people of the State choose to elect a
man under those circumstances to a civil office
in the State, what objection can there be to it
on our part? If he accepts that office, and if
by the.acceptance of that office he has not the
time or the ability to discharge properly the
duties of the office which he holds under the
United States, the power is in the hands of the
United States Government,at once to remove
hira, he having elected to hold an office under
the government of his State. If the State
thinks it will not be injured 1 see no reason
why we should interfere. If the State thinks
it will be injured, there is every reason, then,
why the State should set the matter right. It
should look out for its own interest, it is not
for us, as 1 suppose, to meddle with it, unless
we are satisfied that the holding of such a
place is not consistent with the parties holding
a place under this Government, when he can
be removed, and undoubtedly would bo iu a
proper case.
If any harm has been done heretofore, if
any injury has followed, it would be a cause
for interfering with the matter bylaw; but I
am not aware that there lias been any such
injury. The casus suggested by the honorable
Senators are such as could easily be remedied
at any moment in one of two ways: either the
officer can be removed as a United States offi-
cer or the State can regulate its own laws;
and if it dues not choose to make the neces-
sary regulations I do not see why we should
interfere with them at all.
But, sir, the principal object fur which I
rose was to request my friend fiom Vermont
to make the matter more definite, and to go
only so far as he really intends to go. At
present 1 think the bill would do a great deal
of harm. 1 wish it to be well understood how
far the malter is to be carried. As to the
danger to liberty from it, we have been in ex-
istence as a nation for a great many years
and I do not know that we have ever suffered
anything it) this way. I have heard no com-
plaiuts on the partof the people on that score ;
and I do not think that, with the number of
applicants there are for every office of conse-
quence in the gift of the United States Gov-
ernment or of the people of a State, any con-
siderable number of persons will be suffered
to hold two important offices. That, if not
contrary to the spirit of our institutions, is
contrary to the spirit of a very large portion
of our people, enough, I think, to control the
matter, so as not t.o have any very essential
injury follow from it,.
Air. GIMMES. Mr. President 
miss sun Mcr.rnuY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate, being
the bill i,S. No. 025) for the relief of Miss Sue
Murphey, of Decatur, Alabama. That bill is
before the Senate us in Committee of the
Whole; aud upon it the Senator from Kentucky
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the earn-
estness and vigor with which this claim is
pressed upon our consideration by its advo-
cates indicate to my mind a necessity that it
should be resisted with equal earnestness aud
equal vigor ; for, it is not to be denied, as I
have once, before remarked, that the bill in-
volves- a very important principle of public
law as well as a vast amount of money which
may lie claimed against the Government of
this country by persons setting up to be loy-
alists at the South whose property may have
been taken aud used or destroyed iu the course
of the war.
The compliment which the honorable Senator
from Kentucky in his gallantry—for he is
always gallant—has paid to the present claim-
ant may be very well founded. He says she
is a very fair claimant. I hope that is the case;
I shall not dare dispute that proposition of the
honorable Senator. She may be very fair;
she may be very unfortunate ; she may have
been, and perhaps is, still a great sufferer in
consequence of the damage done to her prop-
erty under the orders of General Sherman.
But it will not follow, because she is fair or
unfortunate or a great sufferer that she there
fore is entitled to the money she asks in the
bill. That is a question of law, of public law,
and we are now acting upon it.
We are nowabout to settle a precedent either
the one way or the other which will be followed
in the future. If we pass this bill upon the
state of facts on which it is introduced there
can be no reason why wo should not proceed
in the future to make similar allowances to
every person in the recently insurrectionary
States who shall make out for himself a case
of loyalty and whose property may have been
taken and used or destroyed in the regular
operations of our armies during the rebellion.
Whether it be the duty of the Government
to respond by way of indemnity in all such
cases is the great question now before the
Senate; and its importance cannot be con-
cealed. The danger to the finances of the coun-
try to arise from an allowance of such a claim
caunot be concealed. It becomes more and
more evident the moie yoa contemplate it, the
more you examine it.
Now, sir, as I remarked the other day, dis-
cuss this matter as you will, talk of it as you
please, you come back ultimately to this ori-
ginal question : what is the extent of protec-
tion which is due from a Government to its
citizens in time of war? That question em-
braces all the other questions which in their
nature are questions of law. I do not propose,
Mr. President, to read from Vattel or from
Grotius or any of the other great writers upon
public law ; 1 merely wish to call the attention
of Senators to some precedents, one particu-
larly existing in our own history which cer-
tainly will not be unfamiliar to the Senators
from Vermont and New York.
It is a historical fact that originally Vermont
belonged to the colony of New York. Toward
the close of the last century the people of Ver-
mont declared their independence of New
York and set up independence for themselves.
They succeeded by force of arms in establish-
ing and maintaining it. The government of
New York, long years previously to the con-
clusion of that contest, had issued a number
of patents for lands lying within the present
limits of Vermont, and after the settlement of
peace and the substantial recognition of the
independence of Vermont by New York the
patentees under the latter government made
application to the State of New York for
indemnity for losses sustained by them as the
results of the insurrectionary violence, as they
called it, of the Vermonters. They appealed
to New York for indemnity for the loss of their
lands, their titles, and their personal property;
and the question came distinctly and fairly
before the Legislature of that State whether
it was the duty of New York thus to indemnity
its loyal citizens who had been residents of
Vermont; and what was the result? Chan-
cellor Kent, in narrating these events, tells us:
" Tho claimants wore heard at the bur of the House
of Assembly by counsel in 1787, and it was contended
on their behalf that the State was bound, uoou the
principles of the social compact, to protect and do-
fend the rights and property of all its members"—
The exact doctrine which is now urged upon
us here by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky and other Senators—
"and'that whenever it became necessary, upon
grounds of publi •- expediency and policy, to with-
draw the protection ot government from the prop-
erty of any of its citizens without actually making
the utmost efforts to reclaim the jurisdietion ot the
country, the State was bound to make compensation
for the loss. In answer to tin,s argument it, was stated
that the independence ot Vermont was an act of
force beyond the power of tois State to control, and
equivalent to a conquest of iiiat territory, and tho
State had not tho competent ability to recover by
force of arms their sovereignty over it, and it would
have been foliy and ruin to have attempied it. All
pacific means had been tried without success; and
as the State was compelled to yield to a case of ne-
cessity, it had discharged its duty; and it, was not
required upon any ot the doctrines of public law or
principled of political or moral obligation to indem-
nify the sufferers. The cases in which compensa-
tion had been made for losses consequent upon revo-
lutions in government were peculiar and gratuitous,
and rested entirely on benevolence, and were given
from motives of policy or as a reward for extraor-
dinary acts of loyalty and exertion. , No govern-
ment can be supposed to be able, consistently with
tho weifaro of the whole community, and it is
tboreforo not required, to assume the burden of
losses produced by conquest or tbe violent dismem-
berment of the State, It would be incompatible
with the fundamental principles of the social com-
pact. This was the docrme which prevailed: and
when the act of July 14,1789, was passed, author-
izing commissioners to declare the consent, of the
State to the independence of Veimont it was ex-
pressly declared that the act was not to bo construed
to give any person claiming lands in Vermont, under
title from tins State auy right to any compensation
whatsoever from New York."—1 Kent's Commentaries,
pp. 178,179.
Mr. BICE. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Michigan a question. Did the
State of New YTork get the benefit of any of
that property ?
Mr. HO WARD. She was paid for it in the
first instance.
Mr. RICE. Did the State of New York get
the property ?
Mr. HOWARD. The State of New York
got the purchase price, for she patented the
lauds to the claimants, and of course they
could not obtain their titles without paying for
them; so that New York did get the benefit
of every foot of land she sold in Vermont.
Mr. President, the revolutionary war, from
which followed the disruption of this country
from the mother country, droveoutfrom among
our forefathers a large number of persons
known as loyalists. Many of them took refuge
in the British provinces, more still in England ;
and at the close of the war, having been dtiveti
out of the cou-tftry sometimes by means of tar
and feathers, sometimes by military force, many
of them made reclamation upon the English
Government for indemnification for iheir losses.
They were loyalists who adhered firmly to their
king. I do not say that there was any merit
in that, but such was the fact. They had been
deprived of their property as one of the results
of the war of the revolution. Some five thou-
sand of them made application to Parliament
for the passage of ail act granting them indem-
nity. Of course it is impossible for me now
to state with any particularity the nature of
their several claims. It is sufficient to say that
they established the fact that in consequence
of their loyalty to the British crown they were
deprived of their property and subjected to
heavy pecuniary losses; and nobody can doubt
it. in the discussion of the bill in Parliament
Mr. Pitt, the minister, in speaking of the claims
of these loyalists, used this language:
"He laid it down that however strong might be
the claims ot either of the beveral classes into which
they were divided neither should regard the relief
to be extended as due on principles of right aud strict
justice.
He denied that there was any principle of
right or strict justice attaching to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain which required it to
indemnify the British loyalists who had thus
been stripped of their property ; but as an act
of benevolence Parliament in the end granted
to them about fifteen and a half million dollars
by way of relief.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator, with his permission, whether that opinion
was expressed upon a case where the property
had been taken by the British commander for
the purposes of his campaigns ?
