4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL5GLOBE.
[December 9,
Senate & Ho. oe Reps.
Mes$age'vf_ the President.
40TH CbNG... .oD Sess.
the most successful devices, in times of peace
or war, of expansions or revulsions, to accom-
plish the transfer of all the precious metals
from the great mass of the people into the
hands of the few, where they are hoarded in
secret places or deposited under bolts and
bars, while the people are left to endure all
the inconvenience, sacrifice, and demoraliza-
tion resulting from the use of depreciated ahd
worthless paper.
The Secretary of the Interior, in his report,
gives valuable information in reference to the
interests confided to the supervision of his De-
£artment, and reviews the operations of'the
and Office, Pension Office, Patent Office, and
the Indian Bureau.
. During the fiscal year ending June 80, 1868,
six million six hundred and fifty-five thousand
seven hundred acres of public land were dis-
posed of. The entire cash receipts of the Gen-
eral Land Office for the same period were
$1,632,745, being greater by $284,883 thati the
amount realized from the same sources during
the previous year. The entries under the home-
stead law cover two million three hundred and
twenty-eight thousand nine hundred and twenty-
three acres, nearly one fourth of which was
taken under the act of June 21, 1866, which
applies only to the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida.
On the 30tli of June, 1868, one hundred and
sixty-nine thousand six hundred and forty-
three names were borne on the pension rolls,
and during the year ending on that day the
total amount paid for pensions, including the
expenses of disbursement, was $24,010,982,
being $3,391,025 greater than that expended
for like purposes during the preceding year.
During the year ending the 30th of Septem-
ber last the expenses of the Patent Office ex-
ceeded the receipts by $171; and, including
reissues and designs, fourteen thousand one
hundred and fifty-three patents were issued.
Treaties with various Indian tribes have been
concluded, and will be submitted to the Senate
for its constitutional action. I cordially sanc-
tion the stipulations which provide for reserv-
ing lands for the various tribes, where they
may be encouraged to abandon their nomadic
habits and engage in agricultural and industrial
pursuits. This policy, inaugurated many years
since, has met with signal success whenever it
has been pursued in good faith and with be-
coming liberality by the United States. The
necessity for extending it as far as practicable
in our relations with the aboriginal population
is greater now than at any preceding period.
While we furnish subsistence and instruction
to the Indians, and guaranty the undisturbed
enjoyment^ of their treaty rights, we should
habitually insist upon the faithful observance
of their agreement to remain within their re-
spective reservations. This is the only mode
by which collisions with other tribes and with
the whites can be avoided, and the safety of
our frontier settlements secured.
1 he companies constructing the railway from
Omaha to Sacramento have been most energet-
ically Mgaged in prosecuting the work, and it
is believed that the line will be completed
before the expiration of the next fiscal year.
The six per cent, bonds issued to these
companies amounted on the 5th instant to
$44,337,000, and additional work had been
performed to the extent of $3,200,000.
The Secretary of the Interior in August last
invited my attention to the report of a Gov-
ernment director of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, who had been specially in-
structed to examine the location, construction,
and equipment of their road. I submitted for
the opinion of the Attorney General certain
questions in regard to the authority of the
Executive which arose upon this report, and
those which had from time to time been pre-
sented by the commissioners appointed to
',n®Pect eac^ su.ccessive section of fhg work.
After carefully considering the law of the
he affirmed the right of the Executive to order,
if necessary, a thorough revision of the entire
road. Commissioners were thereupon appointed
to examine this and other lines, and have
recently submitted a statement of tlieir investi-
gations, of which the rep'ort'of the Secretary
of the Interior furnishes specific information.
. The report of the Secretary of War Contains
information of interest and importance respect-
ing'the' several bureaus of the War Depart-
ment and the operations of the Army. The
strength of our military force on the 30th of
September last was forty-eight thousand men,
and it is computed that, by the 1st of January
next, this number will be decreased to forty-
fhree thousand. ' It is the opinion of the Sec-
retary of War that within the next year a con-
siderable diminution of the infantry force may
be made without detriment to the interests of
the country; and in view of the great expense
attending the military peace establishment, and
the absolute necessity of retrenchment where
ever it can be applied, it is hoped that Con-
gress will sanction the reduction which his
report recommends. While in 1860 sixteen
thousand three hundred men cost the nation
$16,472,000, the sum of $65,682,000 is esti-
mated as necessary for the support of the
Army during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870. The estimates of the War Department
for the last two fiscal year$'were, for 1867,
$33,814,461; and for 1868 $'25,205,669. The
actual expenditures during the same periods
were, respectively, $95,224,415 and $123,-
246,648. The estimate submitted in Decem-
ber last for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, was $77,124,707 ; the expenditures for
the first quarter, ending the 30th of September
last, were $27,219,117, and the Secretary of
the Treasury gives $66,000,000 as the amount
which will probably be required during the
remaining three quarters, if there should be
no reduction of the Army—-making its aggre-
gate cost for the year considerably in excess
of $93,000,000. The difference between the
estimates and expenditures for the three fiscal
years which have been named is thus shown
to be $175,545,343 for this single branch of the
public service.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy
exhibits the operations of that Department
and of the Navy during the year. A con-
siderable reduction of the force has been
effected. There are forty-two vessels, carry-
ing four hundred and eleven guns, in the six
squadrons which are established in different
parts of the world. Three of these vessels are
returning to the United States and four are
used as storeships, leaving the actual cruising
force thirty-five vessels, carrying three hun-
dred and fifty-six guns. The total number of
vessels in the Navy is two hundred and six,
mounting seventeen hundred and forty-three
guns. Eighty-one vessels of every description
are in use, armed with six hundred and ninety-
six guns. _ The number of enlisted men in the
service, including apprentices, has been re-
duced to eight thousand five hundred. An
increaseof navy-yard facilitiesis recommended
as a measure which will, in the event of war,
be promotive of economy and security. A
more thorough and systematic survey of the
North Pacific ocean is advised in view of our
recent acquisitions, our expanding commerce,
and^ the increasing intercourse between the
Pacific States and Asia. The naval pension
fund, which consists of a moiety of the avails
of prizes captured during the war, amounts to
$14,000,000. Exception is taken to the act of
28d July last, which reduces the interest on
the fund loaned to the Government by the Sec-
retary, as trustee, to three per cent, instead of
six per cent., which was originally stipulated
when the investment was made. An amend-
ment of the pension laws is suggested to rem-
edy omissions and defects in existing enact-
ments. The expenditures of the Department
during the last fiscal year were $20,120,394,
and the estimates for the coming year amount'
to $20,093,414.
The Postmaster General's report furnishes
a full and cle£ir exhibit of the operations and
condition of the postal service. The ordinary
postal revenue for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1868, was $16,292,600, and the total ex-
penditures, embracing all the service for which
special appropriations have been made by Con-
gress, amounted to $22,730,592, showing an ex-
cess of expenditures of $0,437,991. Deducting
from the expenditures the sum of $1,896,525,
the amount of appropriations for ocean steam-
ship and other special service, the excess of
expenditures was $4,541,466. By using an
unexpended balance in the Treasury of
$3,800,000, the actual sum for which a special
appropriation is required to meet the defi-
ciency is $741,466. The causes which pro-
duced this large excess of expenditure over
revenue were the restoration of service in the
late insurgent States, and the putting into
operation of new service established by acts of
Congress,' which amounted, within the last
two years and a half, to about forty-eight thou-
sand seven hundred miles—equal to more than
one third of the whole amount of the service
at the close of the war. New postal conven-
tions with Great Britain, North Germany,
Belgium, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and
Italy, respectively, have been carried into
effect. Under their provisions important im-
provements have resulted, in reduced rates of
international postage and enlarged mail facil-
ities with European countries. The cost of
the United States transatlantic ocean mail
service since January 1, 1868, has been largely
lessened under the operation of these new con-
ventions, a reduction of over one half having
been effected under the new arrangements for
ocean mail steamship service which went
into effect on that date. The attention of
Congress is invited to the practical suggestions
and recommendations made in his report by
the Postmaster General.
No important question has occurred during
the last year in our accustomed cordial and
friendly intercourse with Costa Rica, Guate-
mala, Honduras, San Salvador, France, Aus-
tria, Belgiurn, Switzerland, Portugal, the
Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden and Norway,
Rome, Greece, Turkey, Persia, Egypt, Liberia,
Morocco, Tripoli, Tunis, Muscat, Siam, Bor-
neo, and Madagascar.
Cordial relations have also been maintained
with the Argentine and the Oriental repub-
lics. The expressed wish of Congress that
our national good offices might be tendered to
those republics, and also to Brazil and Para-
guay, for bringing to an end the calamitous
war which has so long been raging in the val-
ley of the La Plata, has been assiduously com-
plied with and kindly acknowledged by all
the belligerents. That important negotiation,
however, has thus far been without result.
Charles A. Washburn, late United States
minister to Paraguay, having resigned, and
being desirous to return to the United States,
the rear admiral commanding the South Atlan-
tic squadron was early directed to send a ship-
of-war to Asuncion, the capital of Paraguay,
to receive Mr. Washburn and his family, and
remove them from a situation which was rep-
resented to be endangered by faction and for-
eign war. The Brazilian commander of the
allied invading forces refused permission to the
Wasp to pass through the blockading forces,
and that vessel returned to its accustomed
anchorage. Remonstrance having been made
against this refusal it was promptly overruled,
and the Wasp, therefore, resumed her errand,
received Mr. Washburn and his family, and
conveyed them to a safe and convenient sea-
port. In the meantime an excited controversy
had arisen between the president of Paraguay
and the late United States minister, which, it
is understood, grew out of his proceedings in
giving asylum in the United States legation to
