1180
THS CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
February 13,
raanrier, and in that way not only twenty-five
percent,, but." fifty and even seventy-five per
cent,, of the legal tender reserve of the banks
in our eastern cities is withdrawn from use,
compelling them to contract their loans, and
deranging commerce and industry generally.
It. may be observed that when the banks are
making their usual preparations for their quar-
terly statements, thereby contracting and shift-
ing loans, the stock operators have uniformly
resorted to this means to "bear" the stock mar-
ket. The committee finds, and I am sorry that
it does find, a want of jurisdiction in Congress to
apply the provisions of this bill to private bank-
ing institutions. Hence they can only be made
applicable to national institutions operating
under Federal laws. But with the power the
national banks have ef concentrating deposits,
and with the great advantages those institu-
tions have, enabling them to engross the sur-
plus money of the country, it is believed that
the law will be effective to prevent this great
disorganizer of financial matters. I will call
the previous question, unless some gentleman
wishes to make inquiries on the subject.
Mr. GRiSWOLD. I desire to inquire
whether the language of the bill in relation to
the penalty is "president and cashier" or
"president or cashier?"
Mr. BARNES. " President and cashier."
Mr. GRISWOLD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that that language is unnecessarily severe,
and for this reason: while the penalty may be
correct and the offense should be visited upon
the officer committing it, still in the absence
of the cashier the president might be guilty,
and in the absence of the presidentthe cashier
might be guilty. I suggest a modification of
the language so that the innocent party in that
event would not be made to suffer.
Mr. BARNES. I think it would be not in-
admissible to change the conjunction from
"and" to "or," and I move that amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. Thatwould not convey
the idea.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I would like to have
the paragraph of the bill which it is proposed
to amend read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And tho president and cashier of any national
ban kins association malting such loan or loans shall
bo liable lor a further sum equal to one quarter of
tho money so loaned.
Mr. BARNES. I think the insertion of the
word "or" there in place of "and" would
make it comprehensive and entirely just.
Mr. ORIS WOLD. I think it requires some-
thing more than that amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
it is right as it stands, "the President and
cashier making the loan."
Mr. BROOMALL. No ; it is the president
and cashier of the bank making the loan.
Mr. BARNES. I think it would be more
comprehensive if we were to make it read
" the president and cashier, or either of them."
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I object
to atiy such modification as that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Blaine.)
The gentleman from New York has a right to
raodity his amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I de-
sire to make this suggestion; that the presi-
dent and cashier are the two responsible offi-
cers of the bank, and if they are both involved
in this penalty they will both be more careful
not-to make improper loans. They are, there-
fore, both properly brought within the penalty.
It does not read that the president and cashier
making, the loan shall be subject to this pen-
alty, bat that the president and cashier of the
banking association making the loan shall be
subject to it; and, as I said before, as these
a£e ui'*? principal- officers of the bank, they
should botk be included in the penalty.
. Ir. BARNES. It seems to me to be emi-
nently just, it is the-business of the president
and cashier to attend-to tbis kind of business,
and wnen one is absent he delegates to the
other .the business which- was Specially -com-
mitted to him. If it will be satisfactory I will
not object to having it read " president and
cashier, or either-of them."
Mr. BROOMALL. Add to that, "commit-
ting the offense."
Mr- BARNES. I do not think it necessary
to discriminate in that way.
Mr. ROOTS. I move to amend it so that
it will read " the president or cashier making
such loan."
Mr. BARNES. I modify the amendment
so that the words..." any officer of said bank
making such loan or loans" may be inserted
in lieu of the words "the president and cashier
of any national banking association."
Mr. PRiCE. I-object to that amendment
most decidedly, and I will state why. There
are officers of a bank who know nothing about
the lending of money by the bank at the time
the loan is made, and may not know about it
for weeks and months.
Mr. BARNES. The gentleman's assertion
is sufficient to show the necessity of the guard
which this amendment will provide. If the
bank places its affairs in the hands of an offi-
cer who is not responsible under the banking
law, then the bank should suffer the penalty.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. It would
be better to say "the officer or officers of said
bank."
Mr. PRUYN. How would the section read
as amended?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Blaine. )
The Clerk will read that portion of the section
as proposed to be amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
And any officer of said bank' making such loan or
loans shall be liable for a further sum equal to one
quarter of the money so loaned.
Mr. BARNES. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Price] after I make a
statement in reference to the necessity for just
such a provision as this.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Every-
body admits that necessity.
Mr. BARNES. Then, I will yield for one
minute to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price]
to present his views.
Mr. PRICE. I am very thankful for small
favors. A. minute contains sixty seconds, and
I will use it in saying that the amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnes]
would impose the penalty upon any officer of
the bank, no matter whether that officer makes
the loan or not. If the bank makes the loan,
according to the amendment any officer of the
bank might, be subject to the penalty. There
are those here who are presidents of banks. A
loan might be made hv the cashier of one of
the banks, yet the construction of this provis-
ion would make the president subject to the
penalty, even though the loan was made while
he was here on this floor.
Mr. BARNES. Let the sentence be read
again as it is proposed to amend it.
The Clerk commeuced to read as follows :
And any officer of said bank making such loan or
loans 
Mr. PRUYN. That is not the beginning of '
the section.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the entire section as proposed to be
amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
That no national banking association shall here-
after oiler or receive United States notes or national
bank notes as security or as collateral security for
any loan of money, or for a consideration shall agree
to withhold the same from use, or shall offer or
receive the custody or promise of custody of such
notes as security or as collateral security or consid-
eration for any loan of money; and any national
"JEKinsr association offending against the provisions
j s"all be deemed guilt.y of a mislemeanor
and upon conviction thereof by any United States
court naviner jurisdiction, shall be punished by a lino
not exceeding $1,000, and by a further sum equal to
one third ot the money so loaned. And any ofiioer
of said bank malungsueh loan or loans shall be liable
tor a further sum equal to one fourth of the money
Su l^aned. And th8 prosecution of such offenders
shall be comtncneed and conducted as provided for
the punishment, of offenders under an act to provide
for a national currency, approved June 3,1864; and
the fines or penalties so recovered shall be for the
boaefit of tho party bringing fc-uch suit.
Mr. BARNES. I think it wilt meet, the ideas I
of gentlemen around- me' makiiig suggestions
to have the amendment read "and the officer
or officers of such bank who shall make such
loan or loans," &c. I modify my amendment
accordingly, and now call the previous question
on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
myin question ordered,
The first question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Barnes ; and being taken, it was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly- read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BARNES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Speaker, I had in-
tended at this stage to report back for the con-
sideration of the House the bill (S. No. 440)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864; but my colleague on the com-
mittee, thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr.judd,]
is very desirous to bring before the House a
measure which he has had under his charge
for some time. I am willing to yield to liini if
the House will give me the right to resume the
floor should the debate upon his bill be so pro-
tracted that I shall deem it necessary to d© so
in order to obtain action upon the Senate bill
to which 1 have referred.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be no
objection that will be the understanding.
. There was no objection.
Mr. JUDD. The Committee on Banking
and Currency have instructed me to report back
a bill which I introduced, entitled "A bill to
regulate the method of converting gold into
currency, and for other purposes." I wish,
however, to make a statement to the House,
with the view of asking unanimous consent to
an arrangement which I think will be satisfac-
tory to all parties.
The Committee of Ways and Means have
reported, through the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] a bill containing two
of the sections embraced in the bill to which
I have just referred, and also two additional
provisions. That bill is now pending upon a
motion to reconsider its recommitment, and
as it contains the same subject-matter, I am
content to yield the floor to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to call up the motion to recon-
sider, so as to bring the bill before the House
for action at t.he present time.
public debt.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call up
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill (H. R. No. 1882) to prohibit the fur-
ther increase of the public debt, and for other
purposes, was recommitted to the Committee
of Ways and Means. I desire that the bill shall
be put on its passage now.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw that motion.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
- The bill was read. The first section repeals
so much of any existing law as authorizes the
issue of bonds by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury except for subsidies to railroad companies
now authorized by law, provided that this act
shall not affect any authority for the transfer
of bonds or lor the exchange of mutilated or
defaced bonds, and that the Secretary of the
ireasury may issue, upon such terms and under
such regulations as he may from time to time
