1869,
HE .CONGRESSIOMAL GLOBE.
22®
Mr. HOWARD. Itwa3 expressed generally
on the bill then before Parliament.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if
it was not a case of general indemnity because
of losses incident to the war?
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly; I said so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And not a case of- a
specific loss occasioned by an appropi^tiion
of property on the part of some on^fthat
represented the authority of the Government ?
Mr. HOWARD. Of course, I am not able
to say upon what precise point or what par-
ticular fact the remark was based; but the
rematfk applied-generally to the bill then before
the House. ■
Now, sir, the case before us must be decided
upon its own facts. We have heard much from
the honorable Senator from Kentucky and the
honorable Senator from West Virginia respect-
ing the lawfulness and justice of this claim.
We have been told in very emphatic language
that no right-minded man can vote against this
bill; that the bill can be resisted upon no rec-
ognized principles of public law or public jus
tice ; and we are almost branded as robbers for
rising in our seats here to resist it. The lan-
guage, however, is a mere matter of taste; I
shall not quarrel with that; I go to the prin-
ciple of the bill itself.
Now, what were the facts of this case, Mr.
President? I wish the Senate and country to
understand them distinctly, in order that it
may be known upon what facts this claim is
based ; and now i take the liberty of reading
a report made upon this identical claim by the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Anthony,] then a member of the Committee
on Claims, on the 9th of J uly, 1866. This report
says:
" This is n. claim for compensation for a dwelling
house, out-houses, stable, carriage-housc, &c., the
piopcrty of tbo petitioner, situated in Decatur, Ala-
bama, nnd taken for imiit;uy purposes under the
following order."
Now follows the order of the general in com-
mand ; and 1 ask the Senate to mark its date,
March 19, 1864:
[Special Orucr No. 72.]
IlKAOQUARXmS
Left Wing Stxteijxtii Army Corps,
' Athens, Ala .".am v, March llJ, 18134.
The necessities of the Arniv require the use of
every building in Decatur for Government purposes.
It is the, ofore ordered—
1. That all citizens living in Decatur, or within
one mile of the limits of the town, on the south side
of the Tennessee river, shall move ouUide of the
lines within six days from the receipt of this order.
2. They will be allowed to go North or South, as
they may deem best, and t.iko with them all their
personal and movable property.
3. As fast as the buildings are vacated tho com-
mandant of tho post will lake possession of them,
and see that they are preserved and no damage done
them. , . , .,, , ,
1 So exceptions to this order will bo made except
in the case of the families of persons in the Army or
employes of the Government.
5. Brigadier General J. D. Stephenson will cause
this order to be immediately coinoiied with.
13y order of Brigadior General G-. Vvr. Dml^e:
J, W. 'UAItXEfe,
Assistant Adjutant 6'-nieral.
The report then proceeds :
" General Sherman had previously issued an order
to fortify Decatur tor a military post."
The committee omit to state what was the
date of General Sherman's order directing
Decatur to be fortified, but it must, of course,
have been previous to the 19th March, 1804,
and during the tlagrancy of the war. The war
was still raging with all its horror and de-
structivencss m Alabama, as well as in other
portions of the confederacy. It had by no
means been brought to a close. There was
just as much necessity in Alabama at that time
for military operations as ihere had been at
any previous time, and so General Sherman
understood it, and in view of the public danger
issued this order ior fortifying Decatur, ihe
report proceeds:
"In the erection and construction of fortifications
under these orders it became necessary to remo ve the
buildings and fences belonging to the estate of Jjliss
Murpheyin tho construction of lot I No. 1. and all
the improvements on the property were either de-
stroyed or app ied to military purposes.
It* was an act of war during the flagrancy
of war in the enemy's territory, before the
enemy had become subdued, and in every sense
in which it can be viewed was as much an act
of military necessity, of war, as the movement
of General Grant against Richmond.
Mr. HOWli. Will the honorable Senator
from Michigan allow me to ask him what facts
there were which constituted Decatur enemy's
territory on the 19th of March., 1864?
Mr. HOWARD. I will. I was coming to
that. The honorable Senator puts to me the
question what facts constituted Decaturenemy's
territory in March, 1834. I will tell him. First,
the whole of Alabama was included in the
proclamation of Mr. Lincoln of 18G1. as being
in a state of insurrection ; and in his proclam-
ation of 1862, declaring the same thing; and,
if I mistake not, his proclamation of 18Go
reasserted the fact that the State of Alabama
was in a condition of insurrection. That is the
first fact that constituted it enemy's territory.
The second fact is this; that the contest iu which
we were engaged was not a mere local, iireg-
ular, loose iusuirection or mob ; it was a wai,
having its military linns as distinctly marked
as those thatevei distinguished the lines of war
between foreign nations. Tho Supreme Court
of the United States has recognized it as a war,
having thosedivisioual, jurisdictional linos, and
the State of Alabama tell witlim the enemy's
territory. All the rebel States were by our own
Supreme Couit. after solemn argument, ad-
judged to be enemy's territory, and the perrons
residing within theui and the property within
them to be eneun"S and enemy property. It
arose from the very necessity of the case.
It. was impossible for us to conduct ihat.great
contest on the one side oi the other without
recognizing the laws of war m all their ampli-
tude on each side. Foreign nations so recog-
nized iL. Fngl.uid and France and the other
Powers of the earth granted to the rebels tho
rights of belligerents, by declaring themselves
to be neutral as between the contending parties.
The whole world and our own Government in
all its a:;ts recognized that territory as being
enemy territory in respect, to us, treating it as
every hostile temloiy is tieated in the prose-
cution of a wai.
Now, sir, if there was war there at tliattime,
if it was enemy territory, if M>ss rfue Murphey
was a resident of that territory, then, by the
well-established rules and usages of warasrec-
ognized by the same Supreme Court, she was
an enemy and her property was enemy prop-
erty, liable to be taken and used in the prose-
cution of the war without any right at all to
indemnity.
But the honorable Senator from Kentucky
says it was peace then in Alabama, especially
round about. Decatur; that there was no \var
there ; that the Federal Army had got posses-
sion of a small patch of country, including
Decatur, and therefore there was no war at
Decatur; and inasmuch as there was no war at
Decatur, ergo, according to his reasoning, that
clause of the Constitution became applicable
which declares that private property shall not
be taken for public use except upon just com-
pensation. Well, sir, tho only question is, was
it a time of war and a condition of war at
Decatur where this propeity was seized, or
was it peace ? If it was peace, and this prop-
erty was taken in a time of peace and not
under ciicuiostances necessarily involving the
fact of the existence of war, then I concede
that the Constitution in the clause to which he
refers would require us to indemnify the owner;
but, unfortunately for the Senator's argument,
such was not tho fact.
The Constitution not only declares that
private properly shall not be taken for public
use except upon due and just compensation,
but also that the Government of our country
may wage and carry on war; and it it may
wage and carry on war it may do all those
acts which are necessary and usual for the
accomplishment of the end and object of toe
war, if my house is in the way ot the march
of the Army. myr house mast be removed, and
the commander who gives- the order for the
removal is only acting in the line of Ms duty
as a military man.
There is no relation at all between the ease
supposed by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky and the actual facts of this case. If
may prosecute war in hostile territory, we may
seize and remove buildings for that purpose
without incurring an obligation to compensate
the owner.
The argument of the honorable Sec&tor, it
seems to me, is a very peculiar one. If I un-
derstand him rightly, the current of his reason-
ing is this: that wherever the Union Army
went and established itself during this contest
there was peace and not war, because on tho
appearance of that Army, according to him,
peace supervened and Ihe obligation of that
clause of the Constitution to which he refers
resumed its force. Well, sir, if that be correct
doctrine, then it follows that no Union officer
had a right to seize a single particle, even of
rebel pioperty, wherever he went, for the Fed-
eral troops being in possession of the soil,
peace was ipso facto established, and a Fed-
eral officer could not be permitted under the
Constitution to seize a house or a horse or an
ox, or to forage upon the hostile inhabitants
at all, but would be bound to pay the owner,
whether loyalist or rebel, for all damage h©
might happen to do him, and for all supplies
he might take from him.
I do not understand, Mr. President, how a
war can be waged in that way. It seems to
be a very strange description of war, such a
one as is not described in any of the books. It
is not a war the object of which is to do any
person any harm or to injure the property of
the enemy. Indeed, it recognizes nobody as
an enemy and no property as enemy property.
It turns the whole object into a mere boyish
sport. It is no war, but, in the cant language
of the dav, a "slight onpleasantness" for the
moment. " I regard it very differently, sir. I
concur entirely with the rulings of the Supreme
Court as to the true character of that contest;
and i hold with them that it was a duty of
Immunity on both sides, a duty the perform-
ance of which was indispensable, to recognise
and to enforce all the usages and laws of war.
It is unnecessary for me to say that it. is one
of the laws of war that whatever may be the
feeling.-, of a resident of the hostile territory,
although he may happen to belong fo the in-
vading party, if ho has propel ty in that terri-
tory it is treated as enemy property, liable lo
be seized and used by the conquerors at their
own will and pleasure ; and such is'sirnply the
condition of Miss Murphey, whose case is now
before us.
Now, sir, I have said all I desired to say
upon this bill ; but I 'would again earnestly
call the attention of the Senate to the principle
upon which it rests. If wc pay this unfortu-
nate lady what she claims we shall be com-
pelled in the end to indemnify all persons
claiming to be loyalists at the South whose
properly has been taken by our military officers
during their operations in the field, and it will
not be long before the rebels themselves will
bring forward similar claims against the Gov-
ernment; and we shall have gentlemen upon
this floor claiming that inasmuch as it was no
war, as it was not the right, of a State to secede,
they ought to be compensated for their losses,
also. Why, sir, you would have more claim
agencies at the South than ever existed on the
face of the earth. They would be thicker than
the frogs of Egypt. The agents would be
among you and around you and upon you in
all forms. It will be next, to impossible to
legislate in this body comfortably and intelli-
gently if we invite this multiplication of 'claim
agents and shysters, who would find tat. pick-
ings out. of these claims. I hope, sir, the Sen-
ate will take care not to expose the country to
such a calamity.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President—-
Mr. TiJUM.BUi.Li. I ro.-.e to move an exe«-
utive session.
