230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
- Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
giving way for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 7, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. BoyntoU.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RACIIBL W. HUSTON.
Mr. ICOONTZ, by unanimousconsent, intro-
duced a bill (H. li. No. 1594) granting a pen-
sion to Rachel W. Huston ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
FRANKLIN OLIVER.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1595) to perfect the
title of Franklin Oliver, a soldier in the war
of 1812, to ceriain lauds which he claims to
have covered by military warrants ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
STATIONERY FOR INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ELA. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the fi llowing resolution :
llcsolwd, That the Committee on Printing be di-
rected to investiprafo the stationery contract of ttio
Interior Department, and what articles huvo been
furnished as stationery, and the manner in which
stationerysupplieshave been furnished, and whether
any aitieles have been proemed in violation of
law. and if so to what amount and by whose
order, and whether any have been paid for and not
furnisShed; arid that the Secietary be dnecteil to sus-
pend all ftu-t her payments tor stationery until further
action by tho House.
If the House wiil permit me to make a staie-
ment, occupying not more than ten minutes,
there will be, 1 think, no objection to the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ela] asks unanimous consent
to make a statement, occupying ten minutes,
before the Chair asks for objections to the
introduction of the resolution.
Mr. CHANLER. Will there be an oppor-
tunity for reply ?
Mr. ELA. I shall have no objection to a
reply.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will understand ihe House its con-
senting that the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire shall have ten minutes, and that the same
time be allowed for reply.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. Ten minutes are allowed
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, and
ten miuutes in opposition to the resolution,
when the Chair will ask whether or not there
is objection to the resolution.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Speaker, I will state briefly
the object I have in view in offering that reso-
lution this morning. In the Department of
the interior there have been contracts and
purchases in the space of thirteen months to
the amount of 818,000, made in direct viola-
tion oi' law, because the law provides that all
printing, binding, and blank books ordered by
the Senate and House of Representatives, or
by executive or judicial departments, shall be
ordered to be done at the Public PrintingOffice.
I hold in my hand a sample of books which have
been purchased by that Department at a cost
of twenty five dollars each, ltisa simple index
book ot twelve sheets of foolscap paper, with a
printed index alphabet. I am also informed
that the Department has purchased one hundred
and forty thousand tag cards at forty dollars a
thousand, of which one hundred thousand can-
not be accounted for. A large number of
1.,,'i'iit. heads, such as the one I exhibit, has
been furnished at fourteen dollars a thousand
which are now furnished at twenty-five dollars
a thousand.
There is also pending before that Depart-
ment an account, which this resolution pro-
poses to defeat, with an order of the Secretary
of the Interior to pay it, for three hundred
thousand sheets of bond paper at eight cents
a sheet. I have before me the sworn state-
ment of the acting Commissioner*of Patents,
made last July, that he had never made any
such contract while he was acting as Commis-
sioner. 1 have also hia further statement, as
follows:
" Whiloacting as Commissioner I have bought and
paid for three hundred and flity thousand sheets of
bond paper, and I have never ordered or received
any other paper,"
Now, I understand that a committee ap-
pointed for the purpose of investigating into
the contracts for supplying the Patent Office
with stationery has come to the conclusion that
that bond paper ought to be paid for, when the
acting Commissioner declares under oath that
he had never ordered it or coniracted for it.
Upon that report the Commissioner of Patents
has been ordered to pay for that paper. The
object of my resolution is to stop the payment
for those three hundred thousand sheets of
bond paper until a full investigation can be
instituted into all of these matters. In the
investigation before the Committee on Printing
last July it was ascertained that this bond paper
could be bought for thirty cents a pound or one
cent and one third a sheet. We are now asked
to pay $2-1,000 for paper that can be purchased
for $3,000.
Mr. VVELKER. What committee does the
gentlem n refer to as having investigated into
the stationery contracts of the Patent Office?
Mr. ELA. A committee of the Interior
Department.
Mr. WELKER. Not a committee of this
House?
Mr. ELA. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBUliNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New Hampshire has stated what
was paid for the book which he has exhibited
to the House. I would like to know what that
book would absolutely cost?
Mr. ELA. It might possibly cost twenty
cents. It contains twelve sheets of inferior
foolscap paper, ruled simply, and only with an
alphabet printed as an index, and twenty-five
dollars each have been paid for them.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. What com-
mittee did the gentleman refer to?
Mr. ELA. I desire the matter referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. What com-
mittee did the gentleman refer to as having
reported in favor of these purchases?
Mr. ELA. A committee in the Interior
Department-
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Appointed
by whom ?
Mr. ELA. By the Secretary of the Interior.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. Ten minutes are allowed
for opposition to the resolution.
Mr. Farxsworth rose.
The SPEAKER.. Does the gentleman rise
to oppose the resolution ?
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I do not. I wish
to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
who made the purchase ?
Mr. ELA. The resolution directs the com-
mittee to inquire into the purchase.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And by whose order
the contract was made?
Mr. ELA. That is not put in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is what I want
in—by whose order.
Mr. ELA. I will modify the resolution ac-
cordingly.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
medical department op the navy.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of the regular order for the morning hour,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1497) to reorganize
and increase the efficiency of the medical de-
partment of the Navy, pending at the expira-
tion of the morning hour of yesferday, on which
Mr. Stevens was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. ARCHER ]
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I think the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne]
aifll tb4 other gentlemen who oppose this bill
misapprehend the intention of the Navul Com-
mittee and the object of the bill. Its object
is to do away with the difficulties which exist
between t.he line and the staff officers of the
Navy. That difficulty arises principally from
the feet that the staff officers hoid their rank
by order of the Secretary of the Navy, while
the line officers hold theirs by law. This bill
therefore proposes to establish by law the
standing for the staff. The committee were
careful to investigate the relative cost under
the new bill and the cost under the present
bill, and they have found that the additional
cost by this bill would be only one or two thou-
sand dollars. The difficulty now existing will
all be settled by the passage of this bill. The
staff will then hold their rank by law instead
of by order of ihe Secretary of the Navy, who
can change it at any time by his mere volition.
Now, although the nominal rank of these
officers is changed by this bill, yet they really
occupy the same position, or almost the same.
The cost will be no greater than it. was before,
and they are entitled to have their rank and
position established in the Navy. I hope that
all opposition to the bill will be withdrawn,
and that these officers will be allowed to have
their proper rank established by law, instead
of holding it, as they now do, by so uncertain a
tenure.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman from
New Hampshire to yield to me five or ten
minutes.
Mr. ELA. I will yield five minutes.
• Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I am de-
sirous of doing anything in reason which shall
add to the comfort or honor of the members
of our Navy. Hence I have carefully examined
this bili, but my mind is brought to the conclu-
sion that we ought not at this time to pass it,
and I must, confess I am somewhat surprised
to see such a bill offered by so intelligent a
Committee as that on Naval Affairs. My re-
spected friend who has just taken his seat [Mr.
Archer] says this is only intended to settle in
a legal way the relative rank of the staff and
the line of the Navy ; that the additional ex-
pense is wholly immaterial, hardly worth our
consideration.
Now, I have examined into the relative rates
of pay for the line officers and the surgeons of
the Navy, and I can show the House in a few
words the difference. In the first place, it is
proposed to have a chief of this medical staff,
whose compensation is not set down, but he is
to regulate the whole machinery.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me a moment I will say to him, in all candor,
that it is not money that, these gentlemen de-
sire. I therefore make this proposition to him :
that he may offer an amendment to strike out
all increased pay and emoluments, and I cer-
tainly shall not oppose its adoption. I do this
at the suggestion of some of these gentlemen
that it is not money that they are after.
Mr. SPALDING. I shall be very glad to
see that amendment adopted by the House.
It will save us at least $25,000, and probably
nearer $50,000. The bill then resolves itself
into this : that our friends, the surgeons in the
Navy, are not content wiih the ohl-fashioned
title of doctor, and they want to be called com-
modores, captains, and lieutenant command-
ers. Now, 1 recollect it is not very long
since one branch of the service attached to the
Navy, the Marine corps, came forward here
and demanded for their commander, who had
the rank of colonel, the rank of a brigadier
general of the Army. I resisted it at that time
becaase I knew that he would not be content
with the rank—that the pay and endowments
would follow ; and they have followed. And
now, before we shall be one week older, there
