APPENDIX TO THE GONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 20,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Re-port of the 'Secretary of War.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Measures have been taken for tile construc-
tion of the Rock Island bridge, the sale of dam-
aged arid unserviceable ordnance stores, and
the sale of St. Louis and Liberty arsenals, all
of which were provided for by law.
Legislative authority for the sale of the
arsenals at Rome, New York, and Vergennes,
Vermont, and the lands at Harper's Perry, is
again recommended, and the establishment of
an arsenal at Omaha or other suitable point
again advocated.
Highly favorable reports of the breech-
loading converted Springfield musket have
been received from those portions of the Army
where it has been distributed. Farther sup-
plies are now in preparation.
A few smooth-bore and rifle guns of heavy
caliber are being made for trial of their power
and endurance. When the most suitable kinds
have been determined, a large number of guns
for fortifications will have to be made, and
authority to make them as fast as can be done
is asked.
The necessity of draining the extensive marsh
lands reclaimed by enlargement of the Wash-
ington arsenal grounds is set forth in the report
of the chief of ordnance.
freedmen's bureau.
Large reductions of the officers and agents
of the bureau have been made during the year,
and arrangements are in progress to close it
up by the 1st of January next-, except the
educational and claims divisions.
The abandoned lands yet in possession of
the bureau are mostly worthless for cultivation,
and will be restored at once or dropped from
the returns.
Claims of colored soldiers to the number of
nearly 2,000 have been settled through the
bureau, without cost to the claimants, and a
little more than 3,800 remain unsettled. Treas-
ury certificates and checks for settlement of
claims of colored soldiers and marines have
been collected by the bureau to the number of
1 / ,000, and to the value of nearly $3,500,000.
Transportation has been furnished to 6,418
persons—less than one third of the number
transported last year.
Over 150,000 persons have received medical
treatment Uuring the year ; 27 hospitals have
been closed, and 21 yet remain ; also 6 orphan
asylums, which are in charge of the bureau.
Efforts have been made to turn over to the
local civil authorities the charge of the sick,
the infirm, and the insane, and in some in-
stances with success.
1 he sauitary condition of the freed people
has, in general, improved.
Subsistence supplies have been issued to a
daily average of 1(5,000 persons, the number of
rations issued during the year being 2,802,478.
For a part of these supplies liens have been
taken upon the crops.
l'he schools have in the main progressed,
though in some places seriously injured by
local opposition and want of means. Private
associations have continued their liberal sup-
port, and teachers have labored faithfully,
though in many cases beset with difficulties.
Ihe number of day and night schools is 1.881,
with 2,295 teachers and 104,327 pupils. The
aggregate number of Sunday and day schools
of all kinds is 4,026, with 241,819 scholars.
The amount expended for support of schools
during the year was $942,523 j66 ; this does
not include the expenditures by benevolent
societies, estimated at $700,000, and by freed-
men, estimated at $360,000. Fifteen normal
schools and colleges have been chartered or
incorporated in different parts of the country.
Ihe total expenditures of the bureau during
the fiscal year were $3,977,041 72. The bal-
ance onhand was $8,622,067 99.
1 he Commissioner recommends appropria-
tions to continue hospitals at New Orleans,
Vicksburg, Richmond, and Washington.
To dispose of the school buildings it is pro-
posed to transfer them to the corporations and
trustees who now have them in charge, guar-
antees to be taken that they shall not be di-
verted from their proper uses. A grant of
public lands in aid of the schools of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, of all grades, is recom-
mended:
For an account of-the operations of the
bureau in the several States reference is made
to the report of the Commissioner.;' ,
Military academy.
The corps of cadets, on June 1, 1868, num-
bered 210 members, under the care and instruc-
tion of a superintendent,, eight professors, and
82 officers of the Army. Fifty-four members
of the first class were graduated June 15, and
appointed to the army. During the past aca-
demic year 96 candidates have been admitted
into the Academy, and 37 rejected. The cadets
now at the Academy number 225, which, under
existing laws, can eventually be increased to
290. The necessity of a further increase is
again mentioned, and the superiority of the
Military Academy over all other plans lately
proposed for meeting that want is pointed out
by the inspector in his rej)6rt.
The great value and importance of the annual
Board of Visitors, both to the Academy and the
Government, is referred to, and the report of
the board for 1868 is attached to the inspector's
report. The board report yery favorably upon
the discipline, instruction, administration, and
fiscal affairs of the Academy, and recommend
several appropriations as especially necessary
to be made. They highly coriimend the public
value of the institution, and ask for it a gen-
erous support. The favorable report of the
board is concurred in by the inspector from
personal observation during his semi-annual
inspections. The charges once, but now no
longer, directed against the Military Academy
of its alleged costliness, exclusiveness, and the
disloyalty of its graduates, are referred to and
refuted by facts and figures, among the most
interesting of which are the statements that
during the late war, of the graduates from all
the southern States, one half remained loyal ;
that of the graduates from the actual rebel
States more than one fourth remained loyal;
and that of the graduates engaged on the side
of the Union one fifth lost their lives.
The past honorable record of the Academy,
and its present high standing at home and
abroad, are cited as evidence of the great use-
fulness to which it will in the future attain.
artillery school.
This school was organized at the close of 1867
by order of the General of the Army, and Brevet
Major General Barry, colonel second artillery,
was assigned to its command. It was estab-
lished at Fortress Monroe, and one battery
from each of the five regiments of artillery was
ordered to that post as the instruction batteries
for the first year.
The course of instruction adopted for the
school is both theoretical and practical, embrac-
ing a variety of subjects, and is pursued both
by the officers, and non-commissioned officers
of the batteries. The practical course for the
present year has just been completed by an
examination of the officers under instruction.
The theoretical part of the course is now in
operation, and will likewise be closed by an
examination before the 1st of April next. It
embraces mathematics, military surveying and
engineering, artillery, military history,a'nd mili-
tary, international, and constitutional law.
It is believed that this school will supply a
long-felt want in the artillery arm, and prove
greatly beneficial to the military service.
expenditures and estimates.
The actual current expenses of the War
Department for the last fiscal year were
$68, ^43,094 71, to which is to be added the
sum of $9,961,406 43, old war debts paid
during the year, making the total expenditures
of the Department $78,704,501 14. The ap-
propriations for the present fiscal year were
$8-5,400,557 47 j the estimated deficiencies for
the current year are $13,975,000. It is esti-
mated that the sum of $65,682,388 85 will be
required for the expenses of this Department
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870. There
will be a surplus of $60,240,221 81 from un-
expended appropriations to be paid into the
Treasury at the close of the present fiscal
year.
the army.
The General of the Army submits, with the
following letter, the reports of commanders
of military divisions, departments, and military
districts :
Headquarters Army op the United States,
"Washington, D. U., November 24,1868.
Sir : I have the honor to submit the reports of
division, district, and department commanders for
the past year. These reports give a full account of
the operations and services of the Army for tho
year, and I refer to them for details.
1 would earnestly renew my recommendation of
last year that the control of the Indians be trans-
ferred to the War Department. I callspecial atten-
tion to the recommendation of General Sherman on
this subject. The recommendation has my earnest
approval. It is unnecessary that the arguments in
favor of the transfer should be restated s the neces-
sity for the transfer becomes stronger and more evi-
dent every day.
While the Indian war continues I do notdeem any
general legislation for the reduction of the Army
advisable. The troops on the Plains are all needed;
troops are still needed in the southern States, and
further reduction can be made in the way already
used and now in operation where it is safe, namely:
by allowing companies to diminish by discharges,
without beingstrengthened by recruits, and by stop-
ping appointments of second lieutenants.
If it should be deemed advisable, the Veteran
Reserve regiments might be discontinued, by absorp-
tion and retirement of officers and discharge of men
without detriment to the service.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
TJ. S. GRANT General,
General J. M. Schofield, Secretary of War.
abstracts op reports.
Military Division of the Missouri.
This division, commanded by Lieutenant
General Sherman, is composed of the military
departments of the Missouri, the Platte, and
Dakota, embracing the territory west of the
Mississippi river to the Rocky mountains, and
commanded respectively by Major General
Sheridan and Brevet Generals Augur and
Terry.
The war of races, which is the normal con-
dition of thing3 on the Plains, has continued
without interruption during the past year. The
Indian Peace Commission, created by act of
Congress last year to devise a practical, and, if
possible, a peaceful solution of our Indian trou-
bles, and of which General Sherman was con-
stituted a member, gave the unanimous opin-
ion that peace with the Indians east of the
Rocky mountains could only be secured by
their collection on reservations and mainte-
nance by the Government till able to provide
for themselves. Two such reservations were
selected by the commission and treaties made
with several tribes to go on them ; but the
necessary legislative action, setting apart the
reservations and providing necessary govern-
ments for them, (these being the vital princi-
ples of the plan,) was not taken, and to this
many attribute the failure of a lasting peace
and the occurrence of a costly war with four
of the principal tribes with whom treaties were
made.
Concerning the existing war, it is proved
beyond dispute that it was begun by the Indians
without any provocation whatever on the part
of the whites. Its object is supposed to be to
procure the abandonment of the Smoky Hill
route, the best hunting grounds of America;
and those engaged in it are believed to have
been instigated by the Sioux, to whom the
Powder River road had been abandoned at
their entreaty, principally because it was of no
further value; but they attributing this action
to fear, doubtless so represented to the other
tribes, thus leading them to believe that they,
too, could enforce a compliance with their de-
mands. The troops have been reenforced by
seven companies of cavalry, and a mounted
