1184
THE C OiN'GKESSION AL GLOBE.
February 13,
it printed before proceeding with ita consid-
eration.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish the gentleman would
make that motion now, and let the debate go
on when we have the bill before us in print.
Mr. POAIEROY. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Iowa.
Mr. PRICE. What I have to say will be
directed to one single point in the bill before
the House.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask the, gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] one question?
Mr. PRICE. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Wisconsin a question relating to the
question which he put to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] He asks what
is going to happen if the greenbacks are de-
clared by the Supreme Court to be unconsti-
tutional. Now, in connection with that ques-
tion I ask him, suppose he finds that the
bondholders have purchased their bonds with
unconstitutional greenbacks, in the case he
suggests, what is he going to do? Has there
been a valid consideration and are we bound
to pay them?
Mr. PAINE. I have not the floor to answer.
Mr. PRICE. I cannot yield-for.an answer.
I was ahout to say that the few remarks I shall
make will be made directly to one point in the
bill, to wit: that which refers to the winding up
of banks. I supposed until a few days ago,
when a running debate took place in the House
incidentally upon this question, that no attempt
was being made by any national banks now to
wind up until they had returned their circu-
lation.
Mr. BARNES. I rise to a question of order.
There is so much noise and confusion in the
Hall that it is impossible to hear a word said
by the gentleman from Iowa.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
will come to order.
Mr. PRICE. If I had lived in the days of
Demosthenes and had taken lessons from him
on the shores of the sea when endeavoring to
talk against the wind and the waves, I would
probably have been better qualified to deliver
my opinions in this House. [Laughter.] Not
having lived in that day, but in more modern
times, I lack that kind of education and am
not able to compete with that kind of thing.
All I want to say in reference to this matter
is simply this : that until a few days ago I was
not aware that any national bank was attempt-
ing to violate the law and evading , the tax
imposed upon national banks and assuming
that they could wind up without returningtheir
circulation. In the discussion I had with the
gentleman from Massachusetts 011 that point
the other day, I stated that no national bank'
could wind up under the law until they did
return their circulation. I am of the same
opinion now that I was then. But I have learned
since that time that some of the banks are at-
tempting to do that thing, and because I learned
that, some days since I introduced a bill pre-
pared by myself, had it referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency and entered
a motion to reconsider—as I did not then be-
lieve the committee would be called at this ses-
sion—so that I might, when the House was
not pressed with other business, call it up and
have a law passed that would punish the failure
to do what the law now in my opinion requires
them to do.
My bill, which is now pending on a motion
to reconsider, and which motion I will with-
draw- if this bill passes in a shape to cover
that point, but which I will not withdraw
unless that is done, provides that no national
banking institution shall be relieved from any
liabilities.that it incurred when it became a
national bank, until it shall have returned its
circulation. ^ And it further provides—and in
that respect it differs from the bill now under
consideration, and in my judgment it is bet-
ter than that bill, as I will try to show in a
moment—it farther provides that if anv na-
tional banking association fails to make this
return and to pay its taxes at' any period be-
fore it has returned the circulation it has re-
ceived from the Government, and has taken
up its bonds, it shall be subject to the same
liabilities that a national banking association
is under for a violation of the law ; that is, it
shall be subject to be taken possession of by
the Comptroller and to have a receiver placad
in charge of it.
I send to the Clerk's desk) and ask to hav.e
read, two letters coming from a bank in the
State of New York.
The Clerk read as follows:
Merchants' and Mechanics' National Baxk,
Troy, December 31,1868.
Dear Sir : We tliis day close up the affairs of this
bank ancl reorganize as the Merchants' and Mechan-
ics' Bank of Troy. We pass over and transfer all
our effects, including your deposit, from the national
to the State association, and if agreeable to you
please add your name to the approval at foot and
return this in the inclosed envelope by mail as early
as convenient, and hereafter strike off "national"
in drawing your checks.
Very respectfully, FBANCIS SIMS,
Cashier.
Approved.
The approval of depositors under above form has
also been obtained.
- Tkoy, New York.
It is hereby certified that a vote of the sharehold-
ers owning two thirds of the stock of the Merchants'
and Mechanics' National Bank of Troy, to go into
liquidation and be closed, has been taken.
Witness the corporate seal of said association here-
rT s -1 to affixed and the signature of its president
L S'J hereto subscribed, this 31st day of December,
D. THOMAS VAIL,
President.
To the Comptroller of the Currency, Washington, J). C. .*
Sie : Notice is hereby given to you of the fact, cer-
tified under the seal of the Merchants' and Mechan-
ics' National Bank of Troy by the president of said
association as above, that a vote of the shareholders
owning two thirds of the stock of said association, to
go into liquidation and be closed, has been taken.
By order of the board of directors:
FRANCIS SIMS,
Cashier.
Mr. PRICE. That is, to-day it is a national
bank, to-morrow it is just such a bank as that.
They assume that they are no longer a national
bank. They have the same depositors, the same
securities, the same officers, and the selfsame
national bank circulation. Yet they are relieved
from all liability and responsibility to the Gov-
ernment, except, possibly, the single liability
of a tax upon its circulation. When that fact
was brought to my knowledge I immediately
prepared and introduced the bill to which I
have referred. And if the bill now under con-
sideration shall be so arranged as to meet that
point I will withdraw the motion to reconsider
and leave the bill I introduced with the com-
mittee to which it was referred. But if that is
not done, then I give notice that 1 will call up
my bill at a very early day and press its pas-
sage, because the danger it is intended to pro-
vide against is alarming in its incidents and
consequences.
If the Merchants' and Mechanics' National
Bank of Troy, New York, can change itself
into a State bank simply by striking from its
designation the word "national," then the six-
teen hundred and forty-odd national banks in
the United States can do the same thing before
next Monday, and the Comptroller tells me
that this bank refused to make returns, and as
a matter of course refused to pay any tax that
would be assessed upon its capital and deposits.
Gentlemen here will bear me witness that I have
stood up for the national banks ever since 1
have been a member of this House; that I
have ever held that they should not be subject
to unjust legislation. But while I have done
that to the best of my ability, I am justas ready
and determined that they shall not by any act
of theirs avoid any of the responsibilities which
attached to them when they took the privilege
of becoming national tanking associations. In
other words, I propose that those interested
in these national banking associations if they
wish to get out of this national bank organiza-
tion shall go out of the same door that they
went in at, and that, they shall .take nothing
with them when they go out except what they
brought when they came in. But you could
not have made me believe in any other way
than I have been made to believe it that any
national banking association could do or would
be permitted to do what this Now York bank
has done.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts; The gen-
tleman will give me credit for having brought
this matter to his notice when he refused to
believe that any such thing could be done.
Mr. PRICE. I will give the gentleman credit
for having less faith in the honesty of those in-
terested in these banks than I have.
I contend now, Mr; Speaker, that there is
no warrant in the law for the banks to do that;
but it is equally true that there is no authority
in the Comptroller of the Currency to bring
these banks to an account when they attempt
to do it.
Mr. PRUYN. I submit that the law author-
izes them to do it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I deny
that the law authorizes any such thing.'
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] is certainly mistaken in
saying that the law authorizes it. If he would
say that the law is so worded as to allow it I
would agree with him.
Mr. PRUYN. It is the same thing.
Mr. PRICE. What I propose is that we
shall change the law so that it will neither
authorize nor allow any such thing.
Mr. PRUYN. That is a very different
matter., These banks have done that which
the law allows.
Mr. PRICE. I think that what they have
done is not allowed by a fair construction of
.the law. I think that the law never contem-
plated any such action.
Mr. PRUYN. Then the ComDtroller of
the Currency ought to have stopped it.
Mr. PRICE. The Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, as I have just stated, has no authority
under the law to stop it. He sends to those
bank officers his circulars saying "You must
make your returns." They send back the re-
ply "We will not do it;" and his prerogatives
enable him to go no further. It is for this very
reason that we need such a provision of law—•
and we ought to have it before this Congress
adjourns—tnatif a banking association fails to
make return of its circulation it shall be com-
pelled to do so.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I would like to put to
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] one
inquiry. According to his interpretation of the
national banking law, does he think its design
was that a banking association once going into
operation under its provisions shall never be
relieved from it's provisions?
Mr. PRICE. No, Mr. Speaker, I do not
think any such thing; and I must lack very
signally the ability to make myself understood,
otherwise my friend fromNew York [Mr.Gnis-
wold] would not have asked me that question.
I propose that these banks shall be allowed
under proper restrictions to go out from under
the operations of the national banking law;
but, as I have said a few moments ago, I pro-
pose that they shall go out at the very same
door at which they came in.
Mr. GRISWOLD. What is that?
Mr. PRICE. I mean that if a bank has
received from the Government of the United
States $180,000 of circulation for $200,000
of bonds deposited in the Treasury, it shall not
be relieved from the responsibilities and obli-
gations that it has incurred under the national
banking law without returning to the Govern-
ment the same money that it received or its
equivalent.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Suppose the bank can-
not get it?
_ Mr. PRICE.. If it cannot return the iden-
tical circulating notes that it received, the law
provides that it may return legal tenders or
their equivalent, so that in this way the bank
is enabled to retire from the national banking
system. But I do not prapose that any bank
shall get out until it has done this. When it
