1186
HHh CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IS,
realize the amount. That is the substance of
the Senate bill. It is not necessary to go into
the details of the manner in which it is to be
done. The Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency of the House were not satisfied with that
manner of scaling the existing banks, which is
arbitrary and applicable to all banks, small
or large, still leaving, as there are in many
of the large cities, banks with several millions
of circulation. The committee have therefore
proposed an amendment to that entire section,
and which proposes to change the rate of cir-
culation to be issued to banks as fellows': to
those of not over $200,000 capital, eighty per
cent.-; to those of over $200,000 and not over
$500,000, seventy per cent.; to those over
$600,000 and not over $1,000,000, sixty per
cent.; to those over §1,000,000,-fifty per cent.;
with a proviso that no banking association shall
have exceeding $1,000,000 capital. It pro-
poses a reduction slight on the smaller banks
and large on the larger banks, and especially
on the banks in the large cities, where circula-
tion is not needed.
The practical effect of this amendment of
the House committee, if adopted, will be that
the circulation of existing banks having under
two hundred thousand dollars capital, and
which is now, in round numbers, $139,000,000,
will be reduced from $115,000,000, in round
numbers, to $111,000,000, being a reduction
of about four million dollars on.that class of
banks; of banks of over $200,000 and under
■ $500,000 the reduction will be from $89,000,000
to $81,000,000; of banks of over $500,000 and
under $1,000,000 there will be a reduction, in
round numbers, of $4,000,000; of banks of
over $1,000,000 and under $2,000,000 there will
be an apparent rate of increase of $2,000,000;
but all those banks I believe, without excep-
tion, are located in States now having more
than their pro rata under the currency acl,
and which are not entitled to and cannot get
•another dollar of circulation. On banks with
over $2,000,000 the reduction of circulation
. will be from $19,000,000, in round numbers,
to $9,000,000, or substantially $10,000,000 of
circulation will be taken from banks of over
$2,000,000 of circulation.
Now, the difficulty we meet when we come
to this section is this: everybody will concede
that a portion of this banking capital should be
withdrawn from the States where it is in excess
.and distributed in the States which have not
the amount which they are authorized to have
under the law. And it is human nature to ask
that this amount for redistribution shall be
taken from some other than our own constitu-
encies, from some other than our own States.
Pet-haps I may be unjust to the State which I
have the honor in part to represent; but it
seems to me that more than one third of the
capital and circulation to be thus withdrawn
will be from that State.
Mr. LYNCH. I would ask the gentl em an
how much of excess does the State of New
York now have over the amount it is entitled
to under art equal division?"
Mr. POMEROY. Not so much as some of
the other States. It ought to be still larger,: if
we take into consideration the circumstance
that in the time of the country's peril, -when it
was sought to establish these national banks
for the purpose of building up the national
.credit, other constituencies and other States
held back their capital and adhered to their
State bank charters and shrunk from investing
in the bonds of the United States, while New
York stepped forward and freely gave the aid
required.
I say it is wrong now to judge of this national
banking system by the stand-pointof the nation
of to-day, forgetting the stand-point of the
nation in 1864. All these things must be
taken into consideration. Some consideration
should be paid to those who put their capital
into these national banking associations when
the system was an experiment. And we should
not at one blow cut down the capital in these
banks to the minimum to which they would be
entitled under the national bank act.
Mr. BENTON. Wasnotthisprivilege offered
to all sections alike under the national bank act?
Mr. POMEROY. It was ; but a large por-
tion was not taken until section twenty-one of
the amendatory act was passed, providing that
it should be distributed, one half in proportion
to the population and one half in proportion
to the business of the various sections. ' The
language of the act is: ".having due regard to
the banking capital, resources, and business
of such district." You cannot fix it peremp-
torily upon the standard of population, because
we all know that different sections of the coun-
try require different amounts of the circulating
medium.
Mr. CQVODE. I desire to say .that no
regard was had to the wealth and business of
the locality. In my own county, the county of
VVestmoreland, the largest county in the western
part of Pennsylvania, a county that pays more
tax on whisky than any other county in the
Union, that county was allowed only $50,000
of banking capital, while we applied for more
than a million. I say there was no justice in
the distribution that was made.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say in answer to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
that the State of New York pays, and has paid
under the internal revenue system, one fourth
of all the revenues of the country,"and paid it,
I am sorry to say, without securing the tax
on whisky, as appears from recent develop-
ments. But when that tax is fairly and hon-
estly collected, IhopeNewY orlc will pay much
more than one quarter of all the revenue of the
country. All 1 can aay is this : it is a stum-
bling-block in the way of making any amend-
ment to the existing banking law which shall
make provision for the States now wanting in
banking facilities. It is absolutely impossible
for this Congress to sit down here and by any
arithmetical calculation based upon population
or upon business or upon resources or upon
taxation, or by any arbitrary rule which they
can determine upon, distribute equitably this
circulation and banking capital. If we have
not the wisdom and spirit of self-sacrifice to
take this bill as it stands and to do what seems
to be best to be done to bring about this result,
disregarding all these minor considerations, we
shall simply achieve nothing, and shall adjourn
leaving the matter just where it now stands. •
Of course it is not a pleasant task for me
to stand here and advocate the removal of
$8,000,000 of banking capital from the State
of New York. But I think the State of New
York should submit to that rather than the
fertile fields of the South and the abounding
industries of the Northwest shall go without it.
Pennsylvania can spare $5,000,000 rather than
other portions of the country should want.
The bill provides all that the necessities of the
country for the coming year will demand to
supply those localities. I am not tenacious
for any particular system or any special plan.
1 believe that the proposition of the Commit-
tee on Banking and. Currency will remedy the
want more equitably than the plan proposed
by the Senate or any other which has yet
been proposed. If, however, the House in its
wisdom can provide, as I hope it can, some
provision more suitable than this, no man will
support it more cheerfully than myself. All I
ask is that something shall be done, and that
before this Congress adjourns ou the 4th of
March next.
I yield for a few moments that various gen-
tlemen may indicate amendments to be printed;
after which I will yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bucklaxd.]
Mr. COBUKN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as a substitute for the amendment of the
committee with reference to the same subject.
I will ask that it be read by the Clerk and
ordered to be printed in connection with the
bill.
The amendment, which was read, provides
that to secure a better distribution of the na-
tional banking currency there may be issued
circulation notes to banking associations organ-
ized in States and Territories having a less
banking circulation than their pro rata share,
a& herein set forth ; and the circulation herein
authorized shall within threeyears, if required,
be withdrawn pro rata from banks organized
in States having a circulation, except that pro-
vided for by the act entitled '' An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to provide for a national
currency seeured by a pledge of United States
bonds and to provide for the circulation and
redemptionthereof,' " approved March 3,1865;
to ascertain which the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency shall, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, make a statement showing
the amount of circulation to be retired'by each
of such banks, and shall, when circulation is
required, make a requisition for such amount
on such bank, commencing with banks in States
having the largest excess of circulation, and
reducing only the circulation of those having
the greatest proportion in eicess, leaving undis-
turbed those having a smaller proportion until
those in greater excess have been reduced to
the same grade, and continuing thus to make
the reduction in such States having an excess
until the circulation of such banks shall, as
nearly as possible, be equalized among the
States and Territories according to the ap-
praised valueof all property, real andpersonal,
within such States and Territories, the same to
be ascertained by the certified statements of
the Governors of such States and Territories,
made biennially to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. But this provision is not to. apply to
$150,000,000 of such circulation, which shall be
distributed according to representation in Con-
gress. Upon failure of any bank to return the
amouut so required within one year, it shall be
the duty of the Comptroller of the Treasury to
sell at public auction, having given twenty days'
notice in a newspaper printed in Washington
city and one in New York city) an amount of
bonds deposited by the bank as security for its
circulation equal to the circulation to be with-
drawn from such bank; and with the pro-
ceeds he is to redeem so many of the notes of
such bank as may come into the Treasury as
will equal the amount required from it. But
the circulation herein authorized is to be issued
only as circulation is withdrawn, so that the
aggregate of circulation shall not at any time
exceed $300,000,000.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, Mr. HOLMAN, Mr. LYNCH,
Mr. INGERSOLL, and Mr. POLAND, pre-
sented amendments, which, without being read,
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Buokland. ]
Mr. BUCKLAND addressed the House, but
did not conclude his remarks. During his re-
marks he said he desired to move thefollowing
amendment:
Strike out all after the word " existing," in line
nine of section four, to anil including the word
"thereof" in line thirteen of the same section, and
insert in lieu thereof " $1,250,000 for each member of
Congress from such State."
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not
now in order; but it will be printed, if no ob-
jection is made, as an amendment of which
notice is given.
No objection was made.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. "WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled an act (S. No. 499) granting a pension
to the widow and child of Martin Whitt, de-
ceased ; when the Speaker signed the same.
BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States: which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed :
To the House of IZevreKentativrs .•
In answer to a resolution of the House of Kepre-
scntatives of the 13th ultimo, requesting informa-
tion as to the expenditures of the Northwestern
boundary commission, I transmit a report from the
Secretary of State on tho subject and the papers
which accompanied it.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
WASHINGTON, February 9,1869.
