1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
indian subsistence.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, submitting the vouch-
es of J. C. D. Blackburn for subsistence fur-
nished the Wichita and other affiliated tribes
of Indians; which were refetred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
jurisdiction of court of claims.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Souse
a letter from the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, relative to limiting the duration of
the act restricting the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims ; which wis referred to the Commit-
-tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed*
employes of indian bureau.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, submitting a report of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, asking an appropria-
tion lor additional and temporary clerks in the
Indian Bureau ; which was referred to tlie
Committee on Appropriations.
The hour of half past four having arrived,
the. House, pursuant to order, took a recess
until half past- seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled pursuant' to order
at half past seven o'clock p. m., in Committee
"of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
President's message of 1867, Mr. Cullom in
cliSpir
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] obtained the floor at
the close of the last session for general debate
in Committee of the Whole. As he is not pres-
ent, the Chair will recognize the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] as entitled to the floor.
resumption op specie payments.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, I am not disposed
to discuss the desirability of gold and silver for
a currency. The fact that others are disposed
to do so indicates strongly yyhat I have for some
time supposed, and that is that we cannot re-
main stationary as we -are. We must either
make a movement toward specie, or the prac-
tice of doing without it will become chronic and
carry with it such strong momentum toward
paper as will end in the exclusion of gold and
silver. The truth is, the way toward universal,
irredeemable paper is easy, easy as any down-
hill road, and the way toward specie is up hill
and hard. We went down in a flush of money,
everybody with full pockets getting rich. We
turned about, got a little way back, and, find-
ing it hard work, stopped, and now we are dis-
cussing which way to go. It becomes plainer
to me every day that we shall not stay where
we are. We shall go one way or the other.
Which way shall it be?
I assume that it is better for the country that
we should be in the clear, bracing air of
specie on the top of the hill, rather than in the
sloughs of paper at the foot of it. I believe
that sooner or later we shall be there. We
shall probably either follow in the old method
of expanding paper to explosion, or we shall
carefully, wisely, and with foresight take the
proper steps to put the currency on a specie
basis with as little disturbance to the business
interests of the country as possible.
I fear that under any system that may lie
adopted, or without system, it will be found
more difficult to get back to specie than is
generally supposed. I have no idea thatin two
or three years we can go to specie so easily that,
in the words of the author of one of the Senate
plans, "All excitement and panic will pass
away, and the change come so gently as that
people will almost- have forgotten it when it
arrives.''
For four years our currency has been quite
steadily at about twenty-fivepereent. discount.
During the war it fluctuated so enormously and
rapidly that values could not adjust themselves
to it. And, as everybody knew that we were
in an abnormal condition that milst cease very
soon, no one Was willing to transact business
on the basis of permanency. The disposition
to wait the turn, of events grew upon the peo-
ple as gold appreciated, and prompt payments
and no long engagements became the rule
enforced by the necessities of the time.
But since the war has been over we have
become accustomed to irredeemable paper, and
all branches of business are based upon it.
Values are reckoned in it without regard to
gold, and business engagements are made on
time upon the expectation that the present state
of things will continue.
The speech of the Senator I have alluded to
[Mr. Morton] is based upon the supposition
that there will be little change in values when
wo go to specie. But in this he makes an
important mistake.
WILL VALUES SHEI5TK ON A SPECIE BASIS?
Take the leading article of iron, for instance.
We consume some two hundred and twenty-
five to two hundred and fifty million dollars'
worth of iron annually; of this ten or fifteen
millions' worth is imported. But the importer
makes up thecost to himself of his imported iron
by adding to the gold cost the premium ongold,
and offers his goods in market On those con-
ditions. If the present market price of iron in
currency were changed to gold is it not evident
that there would be an enormous margin for
foreign iron? And would it not speedily lead
to such immense importation as to glut the
market and depress the price ? It is clear that
the importer can sell on a gold basis about
twenty-five per cent, cheaper than for currency
at present rates.
The price of breadstuffs in our market is
governed in considerable measure by the Eng-
lish price-list. The Chicago merchant is always
posted on Mark Lane quotations. But who
could ship breadstuffs and take the present
foreign price unless he could add to it the
premium on the gold received? And would
not the failure to receive that premium depress
thg home price proportionately? Lumber
would be in nearly the same predicament ex-
cept that, unlike iron and breadstuff), it can-
not be produced in unlimited quantities. But
make the present price of lumber gold, and
importation from Canada, if not large addi-
tional home production, would speedily fill the
market to repletion and destroy the sale. And
so of every article in the long list of manu-
factures that now comes in competition with
foreign production.
It is easy to see that if these leading articles
decline in value in proportion to the decline
in the price of gold everything else will adjust
itself-to them. There will be a decline in the
whole list. The law of supply and demand
will of course vary in individual instances, but
the general rule is unmistakable. It will be
that of decline very nearly in proportion to the
change in the currency.
The English example affords a striking in-
stance. In 1797 England was driven by the
pressure of the French wars into suspension, as
we were driven by the war of the rebellion.
Pour years after the battle of Waterloo Par-
liament adopted the measure now urged upon
Congress, four years after the surrender at
Appomattox, In July, 1819, Sir Robert Peel's
currency bill passed, providing for a gradual
return to specie, to be complete May 1, 1823.
To show how small the undertaking was com-
pared with others I give the premium on gold
in England at different dates as I find stated
in a speech of Mr. Western on the currency
bill: 1809,16J- per cent.; 1810, 9X\ ; 1811, 24j
percent; 1812, 80 per cent; September to De-
cember, 1812,38Jpercent.; 1818,percent.;
November, 1812, to March 1813, 41 per cent.;
1814, 80J per cent. ; 1815, 18 per cent. ; 1810
and 1817, 2 J- per cent.; 1818, 5 per cent.; 1819,
GJ per cent.; and 1820, par.
But notwithstanding the small premium on
gold in 1819, the date of the act, the effect on
prices produced by the passage of Peel's bill
was enormous. The banks at once began to pre-
pare themselves for the change, and got ready
to pay specie for their bills on demand. A
reliable English writer thus describes the Sit-
uation of affairs:
"The terrible effects of the joint action of the
Bank of England and the country banks, fln the re-
duction of cireulation and discounts,) as ;ti[V,oting
both agriculture and commeroa, the reader lieed iiut.
be at a loss to conceive. In fact, the universal fall of
prices ruined thousands, as, when we look at the Ex-
tent of it, is no wonder. Wheat, in January; 1819,
ranged from sixty-four shillings to eigSjty-jtwo .*Hil-
lings per quarter, and in January, 182^, from thirty
shillings to sixty-four shillings. Mutton per stonw
(eight pounds) went from five shillings to two.s hil-
lings two pence, and beef perstonefromfourshiUingp
to two shillings.
"These are the prices of Mark Lane and Smitib 
field. In tho country prices went still lower aasd
commercial articles all partook more or, less of th®
same depressions. Iron, for instance, went from
twelve pounds ten shillings per ton to eight pounds
ten shillings per ton. Havana sugar from sixty shil-
lings per hundred weight to forty shillings per hun-
dred weight. Coffee from one hundred and fifty-
eight shillings per hundred weight to one hundred
and ten shillings. Memel deals from twenty-.two
pounds to seventeen pounds per load. The extensive
distress and ruin caused by this depression spread
consternation, asamatterof course, through thecotttf-
try. The wonderiul effects of that distress, as laid
be'fore Parliament, and the results iff this extraordi-
nary state of things we shall examine."—Doubleday'tt
Financial Ilistoi-y of England, page 289.
Parliament granted relief by allowing flife
issue of small bills, and in such great quantities
were they issued by the country banks, as stated
by Sir Iloberl Peel in his speech on the bank
charter in 1844, that the vast speculations of
1823 and 1824 occurred in consequence, pro-
ducing in their turn the revulsions of 1825 and
1826. Of course the example of England will
not "run on all fours" with ours. Our re-
sources are too great to be affected so disas-
trously by any legislation ; but still the analogy
is sufficiently marked as to confirm the con-
clusions we are obliged to come to in our own
case considered as a new proposition.
GRADUAL liASSUMPTION.
Another fallacy in the Senator's proposition
lies in supposing he can spread the resumption
over two or three years by legislation in such
manner as to distribute its effects.
Should Congress at this session provide by
law for the payment of greenbacks and na-
tional bank notes in specie on the 4th of July,
1871, the effect would be to set everybody pre-
paring for the result. Nobody would build a
house or a ship or a factory in 1869 at pres-
ent prices when by waiting two years he could
have the advantage of the shrinkage. He
would keep his greenbacks or put them at in-
terest and wait for the fall in prices. This
cessation of demand would of itself cause au
immediate decline in prices, and we should,
amid decline in values, reduction of bank cir-
culation, and general financial dismay, be
driven to specie long before the time set in the
statute. Such was the effect in Great Britain.
Bank notes went to par with gold the next
year after the passage of Peel's act, and for
the reasons I have mentioned. The fact that
specie payments were resumed before the time
fixed by law in England is sometimes cited as
an argument that the country wasvso well pre-
pared as to anticipate easily. But a moment's
thought would convince any one that the same
causes would work the same results here. In
other words, it is my belief that there is no
such thing as resuming gradually by fixing ji
day certain in the future as the time for re-
sumption.
Another portion of the plan which calls for
hoarding specie with the view of compassing
such an amount as will enable us to resume is
equally objectionable. No plan which leaves
out of view the fact that the national banks will
antagonize the greenback circulation when we
come to specie will succeed in practical opera-
tion. Amid the many opinions as to the redund-
ancy of circulation, it is quite apparent that if I
am right in supposing the return to specie will
occasion great decline in prices, it follows that
at that time we shall need a proportionately less
currency than now. This is as apparent as is
the fact that a man needs but half the money £o
buy abarrelofllour when the price is five dollar8
that he needs when the same article is ten dol-
lars a barrel.
Our currency is now furnished nearly m
