1869.
TEE COIST(tKESSKMAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. I desire,
in the first place, 10 have tlio following pre-
amble and resolution read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Wnereas the House of Representatives on the 16th
December, ISoS, referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations the letter from the Postmaster General,
m answer to tlie resolution of tire House of the 7th
ot Docembor. relative to tiie contract tor carrying
the overland mail: and whereas it appears by a
communication from I'.B. Ball,special agent of the
Post Office Department, to Hon. (xeorge McClellan,
Second Assistant Postmaster General, that Wells,
Fargo & Co., the contractors lor the transportation
of said mail, have not provided adequate facilities
for such transportation, and that express matter
has been carried to the exclusion of the mail, which
has been left upon the route "day after day and
week after week, both day andnight. entirely unpro-
tected; " and that "on the 15th of November some
six thousand pounds of mail matter lay piled up in
an open stock yard at the head of Echo canon;" and
whereas it is repot ted by ther-aid agent that"there
nro strong indications that, tho agents of Wells,
Fargo & Co. or their employes had a hand in rifling
tho letter mailTherefore,
Be it rexolved. That the Postmaster General bo
directed to make no payment to said Wells, Fargo &
Co. until a full investigation can bo made by the
llouso in regard to the charactcr of the contract made
by said Wells, Fargo & Co. with the Post Office
Department, and the truth ot the charges of the said
special agent of the Post Office Department touching
the delinquency of said firm in carrying the mail.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have nitabjeetiq
to my colleague's being heard, provided jLpau
have an opportunity to make a statemeiWTlso.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have the
floor now by unanimous consent. That is
another matter. This [louse referred to the
Committee on Appropriations a communica-
tion from the Postmaster General upon this
subject. After examining that communication,
together with other facts, including those con-
tained in the report of the special agent, the
committee directed the resolution which has
just been read to be drawn up and offered
for adoption by the House and in the mean
time ordered that a copy should be sent to the
Postmaster General, which was done. That
officer came to the room of the Committee on
Appropriations and said he had received the
resolution, and that the pay of the contractors
would be stopped. The resolution was offered
on the first day that Congress met after the
holidays, and its consideration was objected
to. Of course, a single objection prevented
action upon it by the House. 1 am now ad
vised that the Postmaster General has deter-
mined, notwithstanding all the facts which have
been made known, and notwithstanding he
notified the Committee on Appropnations that
payments were suspended, to make the pay-
ments upon the contract. Hence I a«k that
the resolution may be adopted to-day and sent
to the Postmaster General under the sanction
of the House, and then we will see whether
he makes the payments or not.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I ask for live min-
utes to reply to my colleague.
1STo objection was made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose it is known
to all the members of this House that contracts
are made by the Postmaster General with par-
ties for the conveyance of the mails in pursu-
ance of law, and that the law authorizes the
Postmaster General when the mails are not
carried in accordance with the contract to fine
the parties or to withhold such proportion ol
the contract price as it may seem to him proper
to do. But a contract, while it is in existence
between the contractor and the Post Office
Department of the Government, has the force
of law, and the Postmaster General cannot
violate that contract by refusing to pay unless
he has some authority to do so, and a mere
resolution of the House of Representatives is
not sufficient authority to the Postmaster Gen-
eral to refuse to perform his duty. Certainly
a resolution of the House of Representatives
instructing the Postmaster General so to do,
when that resolution is based upon newspaper
paragraphs or upon the outside statements or
individuals, is not sufficient.
It will probably be recollected by members
of the House who were here at the last session
of Congress that Congress amended the law
with reference to the transmission of the news-
paper and document mails across the conti-
nent, opening the mails for the transmission by
land of all the newspapers and heavy docu-
ments. This, of course, added very largely to
the weight of the mails. I sta-tgd at that time
what the bids were for the conveyance of these
mails, and how that some of the parties had bid
widi reference to carrying the letter mails as
the law then stood, aud other parties had bid
with reference to carrying the entire mails if
we should amend the law and open the mails
for the transportation of all the papers. It
turned out as I stated to the House. In conse-
quence of the passage of that law parties who
had bid for carrying the letter-mails only re-
fused to carry the mails, aud did not execute a
contract. The Postmaster General fell back
upon Wells, Fargo & Co., and made a contract
with them. The manner of doing so and the
reasons for making the contract he has reported
to the Hojise by special communication as well
as in bi-annual report. The whole amount
for t)re conveyance of' the mails in pursuance
oLnhat contract will probably not exceed
00,000 at the time the railroad is completed
across the continent. One quarter or less than
a quarter is now due.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Will my
colleague yield to tne for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I had
some hesitation in bringing this matter up,
because I did not believe really that the report
winch came to mo was true, it was so extraor-
dinary ; but a letter has just been laid upon my
desk from the Postmaster General which I
desire to read to the House with the leave of
my colleague.
Mr. FAR MS WORTH. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is as
follows:
Post Office Department.
Washington, ,/a„.fWTy 7,18G9.
Put: An indefinite delay in payment for mail ser-
vice by Wei is, F.n-go Co. will work detriment to
tho postal service. The compensation is being so
rapidly reduced, and the expenses of the company
are so great, that 1 li.ivo detoriuiucdto revoke the
ordersuspeiulnig payment for scrviee lor the quarter
just ended. Tho amount due tor perloi'iniiia about
five eighths of the wtiole seiviec is about two hun-
dred and ninetv-sevei) t hoiis.tnd dollars. If thorail-
roadsarecomoloted w;.inn the timonow anticipated
the whole expense ol this strvice will not probably
exceed fcUOO.OOO, which is lc<3 than was anticipated
when the contract was made. A full report is in
preparation and a thorough investigation invited.
Very rcspecttully, your obedient servant,
ALEX. W. RANDALL,
Poblmmler General.
Hon. E. I). WasiwiChairman Committee on Ap-
proj)riatiowi haute ot ttrpmncutativeu.
With the consent of my colleague I desire
to call the attention of the House and the coun-
try to this extraordinary conduct of the Post-
master General. There has been no investi-
gation of the charges that have been made.
Notice has been given him that the payment
ought to be suspended. He came in person
to the Committee on Appropriations and said
he had made the oider; and now,_ without
any investigation, when parties in this House
have refused to have an investigation made, lie
has made a payment to these contractors ol
$280,000. I denounce the conduct as unworthy
of an official. 1 believe it is such as should sub-
ject a man to impeachment. There are strong
allegations of fraud in the first instance, and in
another instance his own agent comes in and
reports that the service has not been performed ;
and yet m defiance of this, in advance of any
action by the House, he makes this payment ot
$280,000. T , .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a
word in reply to what my colleague has said.
I do not object to an investigation. I did not
object the other day. I desire that an investi-
gation shall be made. I am no champion ot
the Postmaster General or of v\ ells, bargo
& Co., but I do not believe in the right ot the
House of Representatives to interfere with
the performance of a mail contract, and upon
the mere statements of some outside parties,
the ex,parte statements of outsiders or a mere
letter of a post offioe agent, without explana-
tion, to postpone indefinitely the payment of
the contract price for carrying the mails in
accordance with a contract which has been
properly made.
The SPEAKER. The fivfl minutes o.f the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Faekswosth]
have expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask five minutes
additional time.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
granting the gentleman from Illinois five
minutes more V
There was no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Tho House must
understand—if members from the eastern part
of the country do not understand from con-
versation with members from the Pacific slope
and Delegates from the Territories, they will
understand in a very short time—somethiug
about the expense of equipping and running
stages in that country. They will readily per-
ceive the importance, the absolute necessity,
of paying tho contractors for conveying the
mails as the money becomes due, in order to
secure the proper transmission of the mails.
The failure of the Department for one quarter
to pay what is due to a contractor for carrying
the mails in that country will pretty certainly
insure the dropping of the mails and the ces-
sation of the running of the stages. It is, I
understand, in view of this fact that the Post-
master General has revoked, as he has stated
in his communication to my colleague, the or-
der refusing to pay the contractor for carrying
tho mails. And I confess, sir, that I approve
the conduct of the Postmaster General in this
particular. 1 think he iuisdone perfectly right.
In taking this action he, of course, knows better
than I do whether there has been any fraud in
making this contract. He has taken this action
in full view of the fact that an investigation of
the matter will probably be ordered by this
House. The whole thing will be investigated ;
aud if be is paying out money from the Treas-
ury in pursuance of a contract which is fraud-
ulent, and which shall hereafter be so proved,
he, of course, takes the lisk upon his shoulders.
But if he is conscious that he has committed
no fraud, and that these parties are in good
faith performing their contract, I certainly ap-
prove aud justily his course in paying them the
contract price, for carrying this mail, notwith-
standing my colleague may have interposed
a request, that the contractors should not be
paid. If I were a contractor for the Govern-
ment and were performing my duties I should
think it exceedingly hard that the Department
should refuse to pay me for doing what 1 had
agreed to do upon the mere request of a mem-
ber of Congress, basing his request upon the
11} ing newspaper reports that he might have
cut from some of the public journals.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
colleague yield to rae for a moment.?
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. ' My time has nearly
expired ; but 1 will yield for a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league says that I base my action upon mere
newspaper reports. The fact is, as the gentle-
man should know from the preamble which has
been read at, the Clerk's desk, that my resolu-
tion is based upon information furnished by an
agent of the Post Office Department—an agent
of this very Postmaster General.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was just going to
speak of that.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thisagent
comes here and tells us and tells the country
that, this mail service has not been performed.
And, sir, let me say to my colleague, who ap-
pears here to-day as the defender of the Post-
master General in this matter, that I could tell
him other things in regard to this transaction
which I think would make him hesitate tointer-
pose his influence here to prevent an examin-
ation of tins matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. . Mr. Speaker, so far
as regards the information.obtained from
