12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[December 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
40th Cong....3d
time with ample collaterals, is comparatively
scarce and dear in the agricultural districts,
where longer loans on commercial paper are
required. Prudent men hesitate both to lend or
to borrow for any considerable period by reason
of their inability to determine the value of the
medium in which the loans are to be paid.
With currency now worth seventy cents on the
dollar, and which within six months may ad-
vance to eighty or decline to sixty, is it strange
that the flow is to the business centers, wher§
it can be loaned " on call," leaving the interior
without proper supplies at reasonable rates
for moving the crops and conducting other
legitimate business ? Is it strange that, in such
an unsettled condition of the currency, gam-
bling is active while enterprise halts, trade stag-
nates, and distrust and apprehension exist in
regard to the future ? It is not supposed that
such a measure as is recommended will cure
the financial evils which now afflict the coun-
try, but it will be a decided movement in the
right direction, and the Secretary indulges the
hope that it will receive the early and favorable
consideration of Congress.
The legal-tender acts were war measures.
By reference to the debates upon their passage
it will be perceived that by all who advocated
them they were expected to be temporary only.
It was feared that irredeemable Government
notes, in the unfortunate condition of the conn-,
try, could only be saved from great deprecia-
tion by being made a legal tender—the great
fact not being sufficiently considered that, by
possessing this character, their depreciation
would not be prevented, but merely disguised.
Hence it was declared that they should be
" lawful money and a legal tender in payment
of all debts, public or private, within the
United States, except duties on imports and
interest on the public debt." They were
issued iu an emergency, for which it then
seemed that no other provision could be made.
They were, in fact, a forced loan justified only
by the condition of the country, and they were
so recognized by Congress and the people. By
no member of Congress and by no public
journal was the issue of these notes as lawful
money advocated on any other ground than that
of necessity; and the question arises, should
they not now, or at an early day, be divested of
the character which was conferred upon them
in a condition of the country so different from
the present. The Secretary believes that they
should, and he therefore recommends, in addi-
tion to the enactment by which contracts for
the payment of coin can be enforced, that it
be declared that after the 1st day of January,
1870, United States notes shall cease to be a
legal tender in payment of all private debts
subsequently contracted ; and that after the 1st
day of January, 1871, they shall cease to be a
legal tender on any contract, or for any purpose
whatever, except Government dues, for which
they are now receivable.
The law should also authorize the conver-
sion of these notes, at the pleasure of the hold-
ers, into bonds, bearing such rate of interest as
may be authorized by Congress on the debt
into which the present outstanding bonds may
be funded. The period for which they would
continue to be a legal tender would be suffi-
cient to enable the people and the banks to
prepare for the contemplated change, and the
privilege of their conversion would save them
from depreciation. What has been said by the
Secretary in his previous reports on the per-
nicious effects upon business and the public
morals of inconvertible legal-tender notes, and
what is said in this report upon the advantages
which would result from legalizing coin con-
tracts, sustain this recommendation. It may
not be improper, however, to suggest another
reason for divesting these notes of their legal
tender character by legislative action. Although
the decisions of the courts have been generally
favorable to the constitutionality of the acts
by which they were authorized, grave doubts
are entertained by many of the ablest lawyers
of the country as to the correctness of these
decisions ; and it is to be borne in mind that
they have not yet been sustained by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The illustrious lawyer and statesman, whose
language upon the subject of irredeemable
paper money has been quoted, in the Senate
of,the United States on the 21st day of Decem-
ber, 183,6, expressed the following opinion
"Most unquestionably there is no legal tender in
this country, under the authority of this Government
or any other, but gold and silver, either the coinage'
of our own mintsor foreign coins at rates .regulated
by Congress. This is a constitutional principle, per-
fectly plain and of the very highest importance. The
States areexpressly prohibited from making anything'
but gold and silver a legal tender in payment of
debts, and although no such express prohibition is
applied to Congress, yet, as Coflgress has no power
granted to it in this respect but to coin money and to
regulate the value of foreign coins, it clearly has no
power to substitute paper or anything else for coin
as a tender in payment of debts and in discharge of
contracts. Congress has exercised thispower fullyin
both its branches, It has coined money, and still
coins it; it has regulated the value of foreign coins,
and still regulates their value. The legal tender,
therefore, the constitutional standard of value, is es-
tablished and cannot be overthrown. To overthrow
it.would shake the whole system."
It is by no-means certain that, the Supreme
Court will differ from Mr. Webster upon this
(juestion, and no one can fail to perceive how
important it is that the legislation recommended
should precede a decision (from which there
can be no appeal) tkat United States notes are
not, under the Federal Constitution, a legal
tender.
The receipts from customs for the last three
years have been as follows:
For the fiscal year ending June 30,1866...$179,040,651 58
]?orthefiscalyearendingJune30,1867... 176,417,810 88
For the fiscal year ending June30,1868... 161,464,599 56
While it appears from these figures that the
customs receipts since the commencement of
the fiscal year 1865 have been, in a revenue
point of view, entirely satisfactory, the ques-
tion naturally arises, what do these large re-
ceipts, under a high tariff, indicate in regard
to our foreign trade and to our financial rela-
tions with foreign nations.
It is impossible to ascertain with precision
the amount of our securities held in Europe,
nor is there any perfectly reliable data for
ascertaining even what amount has gone there
annually since the first bonds were issued for
the prosecution of the late war. In his report
of 1866 the Secretary estimated the amount
of United States securities of different kinds,
including railroad and other stock, held in Eu-
rope at $600,000,000. He soon after became
satisfied that this estimate was too low by from
one hundred to one hundred and fifty millions.
It would be safe to put the amount so held
at the present time, exclusive of stocks, at
$850,000,000, of which not less than $600,-
000,000 are United Status bonds, nearly all of
which have left the United States within the
last six years. The amount is formidable ; and
little satisfaction is derived from the considera-
tion that these securities have been transferred
in payment of interest and for foreign com-
modities ; and just as little from the consid-
eration that probably not over §500,000,000
in gold values have been received for these
$850,000,000 of debt. In this estimate of our
foreign indebtedness railroads and other stocks
are not included, as they are not a debt, but
the evidence merely of the ownership of prop-
erty in the United States. Fortunately, for
some years past individual credits have been
curtailed, and our foreign and domestic trade
in this particular has not been unsatisfactory.
In addition, then, to the stocks referred to and
the_ individual indebtedness, of the amount of
which no accurate estimate can be made,
Europe holds not less than $850,000,000 of
American securities, on nearly all of which
interest, and on the greater part of which in-
terest in gold, is being paid. Nor, under the
present revenue systems, and with a depreci-
ated paper currency, is the increase of our
foreign debt likely to be stayed. With an
abundant harvest, and a large surplus of agri-
cultural products of all descriptions, United
States bonds are still creating, to no small
extent, the exchange with which our foreign
balances are being adjusted. We are even
now increasing our debt to Europe at the rate
of sixty or seventy million dollars per annum
in the form of gold-bearing bonds.
The gold and silver product of California
and the' Territories since 1848 has been up-
wards of $1,300,000,000. Allowingthat $100,-
000,000 have been used in manufactures, and
that the coin in the country has been increased
to an equal amount, the balance of this im-
mense sum—§1,100,000,000—has gone toother
countries in exchange for their productions.
Within a period of twenty years, in addition
to our agricultural products, and to our manu-
factures, which have been exported in large
quantities, we have parted with $1,100,000,000
of the precious metals; and are, nevertheless,
confronted with a foreign debt of some eight
hundred and fifty millions, which is steadily
increasing; and all this has occurred under
tariffs iu a good degree framed with the view
of protecting American against foreign manu-
facturers. But this is not all. During the
recent war most of our vessels engaged in the
foreign trade were "either destroyed by rebel
cruisers or transferred to foreigners. Our ex-
ports as well as our imports are now chiefly
in foreign bottoms. The carrying trade be-
tween the United States and Europe is almost
literally in the hands of Europeans. Were it
not for the remnant of ships still employed in
the China trade, and the stand we are making
by the establishment of a line of steamers on
the Pacific, the coastwise trade, which is re-
tained by the exclusion of foreign competition,
would seem to be about all that can, under
existing legislation, be relied upon for the em-
ployment of American shipping.
There are many intelligent persons who enter-
tain the opinion that the country has been ben-
efited by the transfer of our bonds to Europe, on
the ground that capital has been received in
exchange for them, which has been profitably
employed in the development of our national
resources, and that it matters little whether
the interest upon the debt is received by our
own people or by the people of other countries.
This opinion is the result of misapprehension
of facts, and is unsound in principle, it is
not to a large extent true that capital, which
is being used in developing the national re-
sources, has been received in exchange for the
bonds which are held in Europe. While many
articles, such as railroad iron, machinery, and
raw materials used in manufacturing—the
value of which to the country is acknowledged
—have been so received, a large proportion of
the receipts have been of a different descrip-
tion. Our bonds have been largely paid for
in articles for which no nation can afford to
run in debt, for articles which have neither
stimulated industry nor increased the product-
ive power of the country, which have in fact
added nothing to the national wealth. A ref-
erence to the custom-house entries will sub-
stantiate the correctness of these statements.
Two thirds of the importations of the United
States consist of articles which, in economical
times, would, be pronounced luxuries. The
war and a redundant currency have brought
about unexampled extravagance, which can
only be satisfied by the most costly products
of foreign countries. No exception could be
taken to such importations if they wore paid
for in our own productions. This, unfortu-
nately, is not the fact. They are annually swell-
ing our foreign debt without increasing our
ability to pay it. How disastrous such a course
of trade, if long continued, must be, it requires
no spirit of prophecy to predict.
