1869.
Tip CONCESSIONAL GLOBE,
28t
act to-day that will deprive Wells, Fargo. &
Co. of their rights under the contract.
Mr. LOGAN. The-geutleman does not quite
understand my question. Suppose Wells, Fargo
& Co. had made a contract to carry the mails
but had not carried one ounce of mail matter
under it, do you think he would be authorized
to pay the contractors anything?
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course not. He would
not be authorized to pay them one cent.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, then, the princi-
ple is the same. If there has been a violation
of the contract on their part it is his duty as
agent of the Government not to pay them until
he is directed to do so by law.
' Mr. FARNSWORTH. Whose duty is it to
find out the violation?
Mr. LOGAN. His own agent, I understand,
has reported the fact. It is the agents of the
Department who find out whether the contracts
are performed or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Postmaster Gen-
eral exceeds his authority or fails to perform
his duty I have no objection to his conduct be-
ing investigated—none in the world. But I
do not wish that the proper pay, whatever it
may be, should be withheld from Wells, Fargo
& Co., which would have the effect to deprive
the people of the Pacific coast of their mail
facilities. If we say to the Postmaster Gen-
eral do not pay, and he follows our direction,
Wells, Fargo & Co. will cease to carry the
mails and we shall be deprived entirely of that
mail service on the Pacific coast.
One word more and I have done. The Post-
master General informs the House in his let-
ter, which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, that the sum paid to Wells,
Fargo & Co. is not adequate to defray the
expenses incurred by that company in the
transportation of the mail by some $'200,000;
in other words, that that company are losing
$200,000 by the contract, made with the Gov-
ernment. Now, I do not know whether there
is any fraud in it or not.
Mr. ELA. I ask for five minutes to make
a reply to the gentleman from California.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none,
Mr. ELA. My curiosity in this matter grew
out of the fact that I happened to board for
some time last summer with one of the bidders
for this contract, and he declared to me that
as soon as he had left for the California coast
there would be some way contrived by which
this-bidder (Spaids) would begot out of the
way, and Wells, Fargo & Co. would get the
contract, and when 1 saw that his prediction
had been verified. I had some little curiosity
to look into the matter.
The gentleman says the Postmaster General
was reluctant to make this contract with Wells,
Fargo & Co., and yet what will you find? You
will find Unit when there was a necessity for
making a contract for carrying these mails with
somebody, Mr. Spaids, a contractor, was in
this city in communication with thePostmaster
General, and informing him that aletter would
reach him addressed to S. P. Brown & Son, of
this city, and yet when it came to the making
of the contract, instead of inquiring of the man
here in this city whether he was getting ready
to do this business, they went off telegraphing
after Oakes Ames to find out where General
Dodge was, to inquire whether any prepara-
tions were being made to stock the road! So
much for that.
Now. if you will look into this document
yon will find, I think, on page 69, an agent of
the Post Office declaring that Wells, Fargo &
Co. are getting twelve and a half cents express
on each letter, and hence their reluctance to
supply the post offices. You will find this doc-
ument full of interesting reading in relation to
this matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Do J understand the
gentleman from New Hampshire to charge that
Wells, Fargo & Co. refuse to supply the post
offices ?
Mr. ELA. I say that the agent of the Post
Office Department, in this document submitted
to the House by the Postmaster General, de-
clares that Wells, Fargo & Co. are charging
twelve and a half qenta for the delivery of each
letter, and henoo their reluctance to supply
the post offices.
Mr. FA.RNS WORTH. Does the gentleman
mean to say that they charge twelve and a half
cents for delivering letters through the mail?
Mr. ELA. No, through their express ; and
hence their reluctance to supply the post offices
with mails.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire again
whether the gentleman charges that Wells,
Fargo & Co. refuse to leave the mails at the
designated post offices ?
Mr. ELA. I simply repeat what is stated in
this document, that Wells, Fargo & Co. left
the mail-bags, the letter-bags, and everything
of that character, piled up, week after week,
in front of their office, which is pretty good
evidence they did not mean to furnish the post
offices.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not the
point. I do not suppose that the linn ol'
Wells, Fargo & Co. is composed of loafers or
very mean men. I believe they have some
character in the LTuited States; and when 1
hear a gentleman upon this floor charge by
innuendo that Wells, Fargo & Co. refuse to
deliver the mails to the designated post offices,
I want to know what his authority is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and Mr.
ELA. This report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no such
report.
Mr. ELA. I cannot yield to the gentleman
any longer. I have made no innuendo against
Wells, Fargo & Co. I have simply stated
what the Postmaster General has sent to this
House as a fact in the case, and if the defend-
ers of Wells, Fargo & Co. have any quarrel
with anybody they have it with the Post-
master General and not with me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman permit me to make a single state-
ment in regard to the document which he has
before him ?
Mr. ELA. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It con-
tains a copy of a dispatch sent to the honor-
able Senator from Veimont, Mr. Mojimll,
who was invited to come down here to see
the parties, but there is no answer to that
dispatch given. The dispatch inviting him to
come here is given, but the answer of the
Senator is suppressed.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My eolleagueis mis-
taken ; the answer is there in the document.
Mr. "WASHBURNE^ of Illinois. If it is
there it has been put in since the Senator
complained to the Postmaster General that it
was suppressed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was in the docu-
ment as it came in in answer to my colleague's
request several weeks ago, and my colleague
has overlooked it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Sen-
ator from Vermont told me—I do not know
but that he was mistaken—that he saw the
dispatch which was sent to hiiu given without
his answer, and he complained to the Itast-
master General that the answer had not Ufeen
sent in, and the Postmaster General gave'as
an excuse for not having sent it in that 6c
considered it an unofficial letter, but he saifi
he would send it. If the gentleman has others
information let him give it to the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The answer is in the
document.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The an-
swer, which will speak for itself if it is here,
was putting the Postmaster General upon his
guard against making such a contract; just such
an answer as might have been expected from
the Senator.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to correct a
statement made by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mo:. Ela,] and f ask to be allowed
three or fottr .miijutes to do so.
No objection was made. .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before the gentle-
man from Montana [Mr. Cavanal'Sii} pro-
ceeds 1' desire to.correct a statement of my
colleague. It is unfair to the Senator from
Vermont and to the Postmaster General to
allow the statement to go uncontradicted. The
answer of the Senator from Vermont, as I saw
it yesterday, is in that document pretty nearly
in these words: " I cannot leave at present."
I do not understand how that can put anyone
on his guard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was
the answer to the dispatch by telegraph. But
the Senator wrote a letter to the Postmaster
General, going into this whole subject. This
letter, which was semi-official, was suppressed
by the Postmaster General, of which the Sen-
ator from Vermont complained.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague didmot
before say anything about a letter; he spoke
about the ansvvor to the dispatch.
Mr. WASHBURE, of Illinois. The auswer
was contained in the letter.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to correct a
statement made by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] and I think I can do
so, for i had the contradiction from the mouth
of Mr. Spaids himself. When Mr. Spaids bid
$350,000 for carrying this mail across the con-
tinent he went to New York for the purpose
of trying to enter into an arrangement with
Wells, Fargo & Co. I was present in the office
of Wells, Fargo & Co. at the time. There
was no agreement made between the parties.
Mr. Spaids then said to me, using a profane
adjective, that he was not fool enough to take
that contract only for the letter mail and to
leave the printed matter out entirely. That
statement 1 had from him.
I know there has been a great deal of fault
found with Wells, Fargo & Co. for the manner
in which they have carried the mails. I know,
from my own experience, that heretofore these
mails have not been carried properly. I know
that mail-bags have been piled up along the
route. I know these parlies have failed fully
to discharge their duty in this respect, but I
believe they have fulfilled their obligations as
far as it was in their power to do so. They
have delivered the mails as well as they pos-
sibly cuuld under the circumstances and at
this season of the year. 1 care nothing about
where they got their supplies. In my own
Territory all their supplies along the line of
road where they travel are furnished in the
Territory. We have some complaints to make
of them in Montana, but not such as are
made by the gentleman from New Hampshire.
I believe that Wells, Fargo & Co., are doing
the best they possibly can. In the winter
season, as you are aware, Mr. Speaker, it is
not as easy to carry the mails from Echo caSoti
to Salt Lake City as it is from here to Balti-
more. But I will not dwell upon this matter
any further. I rose merely to correct the
statement of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the resolution be now voted upon.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent for the resolution to be received and
acted upon at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
ESTIMATE OF DEFICIENCIES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous.consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting an estimate of
deficiencies of appropriations for the Govern-
ment building at the corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1869; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
purchase op land, omaha, nkbiuska.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimonsconsent.
laid before the House a couununieasiou from
