1869.
TBfi J0ON"G®lSSIOFAiy GEO
$7 GO, find so iii'cre&se the'Shm frofri trfotfttr'td
month ftritii some y&rts in the futurVthe Gov-
e'friment will redeem its promise and pay, as it
agreed to do, ten dollars in gold for a ten-dol-
la'rnotp."
• 16tiject to Government discounting its paper
iu'"ttiis 1 way, lilte a broken merchant. If it
really cannot pay now, let qs wait until we can
pay." ' "My own judgment is ttiat' w£-' can' pay
nOw". But if the Congress determines that we'
cannot, then let uS see if on some' other day
in .the future we may not be able'to pay. The
n.tite, flike all Government obligations, means
tha-f we will pay if we are able and when we
ar'e'able. ' Theexperionco of the World is that
G-overnments never oppress themselves for the
benefit of their creditors. But 1 am- surprised
that any gentleman on this floor should pro-
pose any plan looking so much like repudia-
tion as this. If we pay but $7 50 in jrold this
mdnth for a ten dollar note, why should we pay
any more next month? If we should take tip
half our notes for seventy-five cents on the
dollar, what justice calls specially for paying
the other half dollar for dollar? Are one set
of'holders of .notes any better than another?
Nor is 'it warranted by the- English'example,
for in that case outstanding notes were pay-
a'ble nxtt by (he Government., but By the banks,
and gradual payment did .not pertain to Gov-
ernment paper at all.
Otlier propositions, such as that of my col-
league [Mr. Lynch] and the gentleman from
Indiana, [M'r. WiXuams,] prefer the'gradual
issue of gold notes payable in the future. But
to whom shall they be issued? Government
disburses over three hundred millions annu-
ally to the Army and Navy, civil officeholders,
anil to the public creditor. Shall contractors
and officeholders be favored in this way ? The
gold note of the Government payable in a year
must bear a premium in the market. Shall the
Government sell the note and take the pro-
ceeds to pay salaries and contracts, or shall it
pay directly to the recipients and let them make
the profits? The gentleman from Indiana pro-
poses to pay out a million a' month of these
not^sl To whom'will he pay them? He must'
either use favoritism-and pay them to some
small portion of the public creditors, or sell
them and let the proceeds go into the Treasury.
If be favors^ome, who will be selected ? Shall
Congressmen or the poor clerks be designated ?
If the notes be sold in the market, how far
have we advanced toward specie? Govern-
ment issues gold notes now payable on demand.
He would base the issue on a year and give a
new species of paper to be gambled over in
Wall street.
Mv colleague would issue $15,000,000 a
month, and so close the whole thing up by July,
1871. This, meansbusiness. The result would
be, I think, what he anticipates. Paper would
appreciate-—not only Government notes, but
bank notes. I think my colleague would see
more than he anticipates. If the banks be-
lieved the policy would be carried through they
would fortify themselves with his gold notes'
as rapidly as possible. In order to- become
strong against the day of resumption they would
call in their own notes and lessen all their
liabilities as much as possible. As I have
already shown, less circulation would be needed
arid contraction would proceed with great ra-
pidity. Prudent men out of abundant precau-
tion would shorten sale in all directions more
tlmn was apparently necessary. Their desire
would be to protectthemselvesandthemoneyed
institutions with which they were connected.
Of course prices Would fall and business enter-
prises of all kinds be checked. No moneyed
man would invest" in any new operation. He
would wait until the whole thing touched bot-
tom.
The result of this would probably be, that
if thd experiment began the"-1st- of July the
stringency of the summer and fall would be so
gVeat that Congress would duplicate-its'vote
of December, 1867; and by a btSlI'mdre over-
whelming majority grant relief to the suffering
constituency
the pbtfot of waittffg. ' - 1
If, as I have endeavored to show, gradual
resumption will, in the language of the'st're'et,
be "discounted," and have the contracting
effects of immediate resumption, and if, how-
ever desirable immediate resumption fnay be,
Congress will not adopt it because of its tempo-
rarily disastrous business effects, there rtemains
but the other policy of waiting.
That this will be tlMi policy pursued there is'
no dbubt. - Th^ dangers arrising from it are
from a discontent with the three currencies-
actually in use.- - One set of creditors is paid
in orre currency ahd another' in an inferior one.
Tajces which were paid cheerfully during the
war became burdensome when assessed year
after year during peace, and discontents, out
of which may arise strong and controlling sup-
port for injurious financial heresies, are not
irii probable.
In addition to this continual cause of uneas-
iness is the fact that a statc of financial disor-
der is always profitable for the capitalist. For-
tunes were riever made so rapidly in Wall street
as since the suspension in 1861; and all over
the country capital is reaping an enormous
harvest. The national banking system is prof-
itable* beyond all precedent. No returns have
been made of the dividends paid, but it is
believed that the whole immense capital of the
national banks is earning an average of twenty
per cent, clear of all expenditure and taxation.
This state of things will continue as long as
suspension continues. But it cannot be well
for the productive labor of the country to pay
such enormous gains to capital; and if Con-
gress consents to a prolongation of the reign
of these money gods discontents more or less
noisy must prevail.
Itis very well that whatever system offinance
or revenue may be adopted no permanent in-
jury may be expected. The situation and re-
sources of the country rise superior to all bad
legislation, and will continue to do so. But
still it is our duty to legislate so as to produce
the best possible result, and in order to this
to guard against all the evils which may be
avoidable.
Another danger of waiting arises from the
cloud of schemes which hang over State and
national Legislatures, asking for the issue of
further evidence of indebtedness. They all ask
for bonds which, issued now on paper, are to
be paid on a gold basis. And towns, coun-
ties, States, and the nation are urged into fur-
ther labyrinths of debt. Of course a return to
specie would act like a " nipping frost"_upon
the bulk of these enterprises. But while we
are waiting for the return to specie there_ is
serious danger that we may yield, and so in-
volve our constituencies under still greater
burdens. We have now one railroad to the
Pacific built with great Government liabilities.
Projects are now before Congress for railroads
«three times the length of this great road, and
all ask for Government assistance. The for-
tunes that have already been made in the
Union Pacific stimulate other enterprisinggen-
tlemen "to go and do likewise."
And these great schemes are not limited in
their effect to a depletion of the public Treas-
ury. In consequence of the immense Govern-
ment gratuities they are able to pay large inter-
est for the use of money, and they gather it
from all quarters. Every newspaper in my
remote district is filled with the Pacific railroad
advertisements. The spare money of every
school district is asked for weekly, and gold
interest promised. Thus every local enterprise
is driven to pay exorbitant interest or be de-
prived of all assistance from the local accu-
mulations. And in this way development is
retarded or postponed, because every business
operation calling for money comes in competi-
tion with the great Government beneficiaries.
The Pacific railroad is now" nearly complete.
I should be quite content with it, although I
voted against it, if subsidies would stop here.
But in tfie flush of speculative feeling caused
by a redundant currency who can sa.y what
scheme may not-be forced on Congress?
Such- are the dangers-of waiting. ■ The beip -'
efits to be derived fr'o'Wi it would be that ftiftfier
discussion may cleat' the fhiblie niind of-fin an* •'
cial error. We may'cofne-to the KKMi-eluUon
that it is best to make a vigoroilsre®)1rt to' go Atr
a Specie basis. When Wodo th*at#(/sfialWl^i]
come to the conclusion that it is be^to, con-
tract the currency. And then we may conclude
that it' is jw well to' contract before ipe. g4i.ig,
specie, voluntarily as it is to. contract ihvol^ijr
tarily upon resumption. "Wheu we do tKipVjro
shall go back and adopt the discarded policy.'
of contraction, and thus by easy'stagei g<5t rj|,.
of our demand debt, and so come to specie.5.
If the policy of Waiting shall bring about tins
result perhaps it would be well to wait". ' ■ '
In addition to moderate and steady contrsic--
tion I would also accustom "our people to the
uso of gold again by allowing contracts to be'
made in gold. The experiment seems to me'
well worth trying notwithstanding the ,fear'?-'
expressed by some. And a continuation of,
the policy ot' the present Congress in thdreduc"-
tion of expenditures should be rigidly adhered.,
to. Lessen the every day out go. Cut o(£
every unnecessary appropriation. ltedueeth&
force that spends money. The new adminis-/
- (ration will aid the legislative branch of th$
j Government in this, and so the present prac-
I tice can be continued under the most favorable
| auspices. And honesty in the collection of
the revenue will be a new feature, and one that
will mark the advent of the new men to power.
Thus the receipts should increase and expend-
itures diminish and a better balance-sheet be'
exhibited yearly. It may be that in this way
in the course of years we may get to specie'as
well as if we made the effort and did it at once.
I hope it may be so. But I fear not. Ho w-
ever we may twist and turn paying debts in-
volves sacrifices, and a small, long-continued;
annoyance is harder to be borne than severe'
momentary affliction. But as it is evident just
now that the prevalent feeling is " to put far-
off the evil day,"we may as well take that fact
for granted and legislate accordingly.
counting tub electoral votes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Chairman, the events
of the present week have revived some old ques-
tions connected with the powers of the Seuate
and the House of Representatives in counting
the electoral votes for President and Vice Presi-'
dent of the United States, and they have slso
suggested at least one new question. Two of
these questions are of such importance that I
have not felt willing to allow the occasion to go
by without expressing the views which I enter-
tain. I may say, however, that the importance
of the events through which we have just passed:
is, in my mind, not due to the manifestation^
that, took place on the floor of this House.
The excitement here, disagreeable as it was,
is of no considerable importance with refer-
ence to the public welfare. 11 is true, however,
at least it seems true to me, that what took
place here and was complained of by us as
occurring through the instrumentality of the
Senate, was due chiefly, if not wholly, to errors-
and mistakes which did not involve any pur-
pose upon the part of anybody to invade the-
rights or to impair the privileges of this House,
The difficulty,'! think, was largely due to tho
circumstance that when objection was mado
to the counting of the v'ote of Georgia, and
when the Senate had relired to its own Cham-
ber, this House did not comprehend tb<; im-
pose for which the Senate had retired ; ' *
this is to be inferred from the fact thai ,i
Senate passed upon one question and •
House upon another. The resolution adopted
by the Senate during its absence from this Hall
was in these words :
''Resolved, That under tbospocia! order of the two
Houses respecting the eloetoral vote from the Stats
of Georgia* the .objections made to the counting of
the vote of the electors tor the State of Georgia a'ro not
in order*"
This was the result reached by tho Senate,,
and it appears to have been the chief subject*"
matter of its deliberations. But in this House
we voted upon the question whether the elect-
