288
THIS COMPRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January
the' Secretary of War, transmitting copies of
correspondence between the War Department
and Lieutenant General Sherman, relative to
the purchase of certain land at Omaha, Ne-
braska, for military purposes; which was re-
ferred to. the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
sroox INDIANS ON UPPEft MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of
Brevet Major General Etarney, United States
Army, upon the Sioux Indians on the Upper
Missouri; which was referred to the Commit-
tee oil Indian Affairs, and ordered to beprinted.
OBSTRUCTIONS AT HELL GATE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the-Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with House resolution of the 14th
ultimo, a report upon the removal of obstruc-
tions to navigation at Hell Gate, Long Island
sound; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM F. TA YLOIl.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting the petition
of V\ ilbam F. Taylor, auditor of public ac-
counts of the State of Virginia, for the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
K. IV. ANDERSON
ThcSPEAKErtal so, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting the petition
of IS. W. Anderson, formerly a cadet of the
United States Military Academy, for removal
of political disabilities; wlich was referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
president's message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state ot the Union upon the President's
message of 1807.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. CitIjI,om in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the President's
annual message of 1807.
FINANCES AND OUtUUiN'CV.
Mr. COBUIIN. Mr. Chairman, there are
subjects discussed in Congress within the scope
of legislation, and some beyond it. At this
time many believe that a return to specie pay-
ment can be accomplished by the passage of a
law ; others think that such an object can no
more be secured in this way thau a change
of the seasons, a plentiful crop, or a standard of
prices; that legislation can no more determine
the value of gold a year or two hence than it
can establish the price of wheat, corn, cotton,
or merchandise; that something beside the
phrase "'be it enacted" is needed to give or
take from values; mid, in fine, that the most
dangerous heresy in political economy is the
assertion that legislative power can override
the great laws of trade, and make that which is
worthless valuable, define prices as it would
ofienses, and put limits to business as it would
to human conduct.
J he fact is, we can no more pay debts by
legislation than we can forgive sins; and we can
no more make by law a greenback equal to a
gold dollar, now or at any future time, than
we can make a bushel of wheat or a yard of
cloth equal to the same coin by the same pro-
cess. The object of legislation is to .remove
obstructions, to regulate the channels of trade,
and not to fix prices or dictate values. Sup-
ply aud demand governed bv the changing sea-
sons, by peace and war, health and sickness,
by fashion, whim, and the caprice of mankind,
by migration, by the thousand social influ-
ences beyond and below the reach of law,
which modify or rule men, all go together to
fix values and prices.
All efforts to determine by arbitrary power
a day on which a paper dollar shall be equal
to a gold dollar must result in failure. That
day will come, but not as the result of a law
of Congress. That, day will come, but it will
be when the confidence of men in the stability
of this Government rests unshaken; when we
have repaired the ravages of war; when the
whole nation has gone again peacefully and
heartily to hard work ; when, as a consequence,
our wealth has vastly increased, our supply of
gold has trebled or quadrupled; when our
credit as individuals and as a people is founded
upon the rocks of prosperous thrift. Teil me
that, day, and I will tell you when to put into
your law the date of return to specie payments.
Till then the people will be well pleased with
greenbacks, "depreciated," "debased." And,
having confidence in the Government, they are
glad to get the "depreciated," "debased,"
"dishonored," "irredeemable" stuff in ex-
change for labor and property. And many are
so much deluded with it as to believe that it is
the very best paper currency we ever had. Bet-
ter surely than wild-cats and shinplasters ;
better than individual notes ; better than the
promises of local corporations, good only within
the range of personal acquaintance or district
business; better than free banks founded on
State stocks; better than State banks whose
credit was limited by State lines; better than
the old United States Bank ; having at. least
one value all over the land, and passing enr-
rent cheerfully every where. Goodenough for
the laborer, good enough forthe capitalist, good
enough for the officer, good enough for the mer-
chant, good enough in market, goodenough on
'Change, good enough at present everywhere
at home, except in payment of interest on
our debt. And good enough there but for our
honorable and ever-binding promise to pay it
m gold.
And now, before entering upon a discussion
of these questions, let me protest against the
moral lectures of our opponents in debate.
Their arguments for certain measures pro-
posed in aid of an early resumption of specie
payments are accompanied by a long homily
upon an honest compliance with our contracts
and upon the importance of national integrity.
Just as if there could be no sincere difference
of opinion as to the methods of resumption ; as
if it were a question of morals and not of policy;
and that all who do not favor instant or early
resumption were stained with a disregard of the
public faith. To such let it be said that the
true friends of resumption may yet be found
among those who think the day of its complete
accomplishment still distant and indefinitely in
the future, and who have little faith in making
efforts in that direction which they think can
but result in disastrous failure—in a collapse of
our credit and a general suspension of busi-
ness. He who with inadequate forces would
rashly storm the breastworks of the enemy can
have no higher claim for patriotism and devo-
tion than tliatother man who delays, at the risk
of ceiyiure, till he has gathered strength and
foundfhis opportunity, and thereby made suc-
cess^certain.
et it, then, be conceded by both sides that
hq(fiorable men may disagree upon these grave
estions, and that each are striving, as best
ey can, to put the credit of the Treasury where
ey have put the prowess ofotir arms—beyond
the reach of doubt or inquiry.
The question then arises, what can Congress
do to aid in the appreciation of the currency?
Contraction has been tried and failed. The
experience of the three pastyears has demon- !
strated that a contraction of one fourth of our
paper currency has not diminished the differ
ence between it and specie one cent. J t would
seem to be madness to press such a measure
further with falling prices, stagnated trade, and
paralyzed enterprise. Our paper currency at
this time amounts to about the sum of six hun-
dred and eighty million dollars in actual circu-
lation. while the bank reserves, amounting to
$150,000,000. are to be doducied from the cir-
culation, leaving for active use about five hun-
dred And thirty million dollars. This ex-
ceeds the amount we had before the war but
$40.00f>,000 on a specie basis, nearly three
fifths of it being coin. This is not. as large a
volume as the same population in Prance and
England have, with the additional advantage
of a very fimitad territory and compact settle-
ment, with large commercial and manufactur-
ing cities and great accumulations of capital in
banking institutions. Our scattered popula-
tion, their agricultural pursuits, their lack of
moneyed centers conveniently located, their
growth, their changing and enlarging currents
of business, all would seem to require more
currency in the hands of the people and at their
command, as borrowers at moderate rates,
instead of less than the people of the Old World.
The effects of a too long-continued contrac-
tion of the currency areas detrimental as those
of a commercial panic. The one is like the
exhausiion of a slow fever ; the other like the
dread effects of epilepsy; both drawing near the
gates of death; both ending in bankruptcy and
ruin ; both often the result of artificial or tem-
porary causes—not consequent upon a loss or
diminution or destruction of capital, but merely
a locking up of the means and tools to handle
it. Solvent men. solvent firms, solventb'jnks,
guilty of no mismanagement or dishonesty, are
thus crushed, and the truest and best managers
of business broken down. No man dure write
any harsher term than "bad luck" opposite
the names of thousands thus shipwrecked. An
unreasonable, though gradual, diminution of
the currency, like the drawing off of the blood
through a small vein, may be just as fatal as
cutting the jugular itself.
When peace was made there was one natural
mode of reducing war prices, and that was by
an increase of production. More than a million
and a half of vigorous men laid down their
arms and entered the fields of labor, thronged
their old shops and factories and places of
merchandise ; sought out farms and fisheries
again, or deployed amid the mines of the far
West. Every way in life found these active
men pressing forward. From being merecon-
sumers, they now began to add to the stock on
hand, and values must decline.
But this was not deemed sufficiently effective
in bringing them down, and the additional
method of a reduction of the currency was
adopted. Pow men had reasoned upon this
system or its effects. It was an experiment
without a parallel. True, other nations had
incurred vast debts, but none other had such
unlimited energies, such growth, such enter-
prise, such recuperative power; in none other
was capital so valuable, was labor so well
rewarded, was invention so much stimulated,
were moneyed adventures so successful. Here
was a land in which the real estate was as
much in market as were the grain and live
stock, the products of the plantation or the
fishery, as manufactures or merchandise. Not
so in England and European countries, where
monarchs, noblemen, capitalists; laws of en-
tail, and a barbarcus system held out of market
all or nearly all the land, and whatever was
added to it required never to be lifted by a
currency, butwas laid down and cemented, like
the rocks in the pyramids, to be handled no
more forever. Here was a people making
railroads into and over vast tracts of unsettled
country, adding yearly many millions to values,
and opening to culture, settlement, and suc-
cessful use that which had been worthless till
then. Here was a people who could, and who
did by thousands, talke the chopping-ax, the
blacksmith's hammer, the hoe and plow, the
simplest tools, worth butafew dollars, and in a
short time build up happy, valuable homes, and
even great fortunes ; a thing utterly unheard
of and impossible to the mas-.es in Europe.
^ And yet to guide us we took the rules which
should govern the plodding, cramped, fettered,
