1180
THE .(GONGRESSIQNAL- GLOBE.
February 13,
oral vote of Georgia should be counted. The
declaration of the Speaker after the vote was
taken here was in these words;
'■" Upon the question, shall the vote of Georgia bo
counted, notwithstanding the objections of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, the yeas are 41, thenays
are ISO."
As a matter of fact, there was a difference
of understanding between the two Houses as
to the particular course tijat should be pursued
upon the question raised by my colleague ; and
if there had not been that difference of under-
standing, which did not imply any improper
pii'rpose on the part of anybody, I have no idea
that any considerable excitement would have
occurred.
I do not, however, discuss this matter now
for the purpose of considering the events of
the past week in this particular. My honor-
able friend from the seventh district of Ohio,
Silr. ShBI/Labargeb,] in the very able speech
at he made in the recent debate, took and
maintained with great force a position from
which I wholly dissent, although I am bound
to say that he did not, as I understand him,
irrevocably commit himself in opinion to that
position; but the peculiarities of his state-
ment and the course of his argument, as I
understood it, will make upon those who may
come after us, and in' similar .circumstances
may be called upon to examine what was done
upon this occasion, an impression that he was
of the opinion upon the whole that the duty
of counting the votes of the electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President is committed exclu-
sively to the President of the Senate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In the absence
of legislation.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Well, I differ from my
friend on that point; and it is chiefly on ac-
count of this difference of opinion that I seek
this opportunity to state the views I entertain,
that they may stand for whatever they may be
worth. I am greatly impressed with the neces-
sity of making some sort of protest, however
weak or inefficient, against tnat proposition.
I cannot concede that we have a Constitu-
tion that has confided to one man the custody
of the fortunes of this country when it ispassing
through the most critical moments of its exist-
ence—when it is taking upon itself for a period
of fouryears anew life, which under our institu-
tions is to be continually reproduced through
all the successive stages of our national exist-
ence. I cannot concede that at such a time it
is ia the power of any one man to destroy or
impede or even to interfere with this renewed
existence at the very moment of its birth.
Now, sir, I remember (for I was then on
this floor) that eight years ago, on the second
Wednesday of February, 1801, John C. Breck-
inridge, then Vice President of the United
States and President of the Senate, sat in that
chair. His heart was then already filled with
the pernicious influences of treason ; and there
is causeto believe that it was contemplated by
a large portion^ of those with whom he was
associated to seize the capital of the country
and arrest various members of the Government
on the night preceding the day on which the
electoral votes were to be counted. I remember
the circumstances under which membersof Con-
gress and others came here, anticipating pos-
sibly a declaration on his part inconsistent with
the perpetuity of this Government. When I
reflect that this country has passed through
such a trial I cannot conceive of any doctrine
more dangerous in its inculcation than the
doctrine that to the President of the Senate is
confided the duty and the power of counting
the electoral votes. Therefore, on this view
of tie circumstances of the case, I hold it to
be just, to be necessary, to give to the Constitu-
tion such an interpretation as will place this
great power in safer hands. If under the Con-
stitution this great power is confided to the
President of the Senate, then we must seek
an alteration of the Constitution as the only
remedy.
Mr. S H1 j L LABARGL R. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly,- for correc-
tion.
Mr. SHELLABAGER. I ask that my state-
ment shall not be taken out of the time of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
There was no objection ; and.it was ordered,
accordingly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My friend from
Massachusetts has done me the kindness to
allude to the position I occupied on this ques-
tion, and that is the only reason why I wish to
make a statement now. I did not know this
matter was to come up to-night, and am here
to-night by accident. I wish to restate what
I meant to say, and the result of what I meant
to say, as to who should do the counting in the
absence of legislation. I meant to state, with
caution and hesitation, that my convictions
were that Chancellor Kent had rightly con-
cluded that, in the absence of legislation on
that subject-matter, the Constitution meant to
leave the doing of the counting to the Presi-
dent of the Senate in the presence of the two
Houses, those two bodies being entitled to see
that the counting was fair—to adopt the exact
word of the authority. The only statement I
desire to make in addition to that is this: my
expression of opinion was to go to this extent,
that there was a casus omissus in the Constitu-
tion; thatitdidnotin terms provide the method
of making the count, or by whom it should be
done, and that from that fact legislation is
needed. As in every case of that character
where there is a casus omissus it is competent
for legislation to supply the omission, and in
this case to provide the very instrumentalities
that shall do the counting, and the regulations
by which the result and legality of the election
shall be determined.
The jiext thing I desire to state is this:
this is in fact a recognized infirmity or over-
sight in the Constitution itself; that it ought
not to have left the thing as it seems to have
left it to be done, as a mere ministerial act of
the counting officer. That is the defect of the
Constitution j and it is because that defect
exists my friend very properly says that we
ought to^ have legislation. In the absence of
that legislation, therefore, it would seem, I
say, the Constitution did look upon this as a
mere ministerial act; one to be exercised by the
President of the Senate fairly in the presence
of the two Houses. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask my friend from Mas-
sachusetts to yield to me, with the understand-
ing that it shall not be taken out of his time.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Chairman, I was about
to say that I had heard the subject once elabo-
rately discussed, not in open session of Con-
gress and not in a mode that has left any rec-
ord behind it; and it may aid in reaching a
right conclusion as to what is needed in the
future to state the prevailing opinion in both
branches of Congress at the time I alluded to
yesterday. The opinion then entertained is
utterly incompatible with the idea that the
President of the Senate alone should be author-
ized to count the votes in the presence of the
Congress of the United States. The belief
was that the declaration of the Constitution
that the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent were to be counted carried with it the
idea necessarily that the character of the votes
must first be inquired into, the validity of the
votes must first he inquired into, the legality
of the votes must first be inquired into. The
sources from whence they came must first be
inquired into belore you can count them as
votes. By what process could the President
ot the Senate reach the elucidation of that
difficulty ? Where is he clothed with the neces-
sary power? The law-making power, and the
law-making power_ alone, can prescribe the
mode and manner in which the inquiries are
to be which lie necessarily in your path before
you can count the vote. Could the Vice Pres-
ident go behind and inquire into the character
of the laws of the several States where the
electors are chosen 1 Has he the right to
inquire-whether the electors have voted in con-
formity to the Constitution of the United States
as to the time the returns were sent here ? All
these difficulties standing in the way led to the
conclusion at that day that necessarily when
we spoke of counting the votes it was the duty
of the law-making power, under the Constitu-
tion, to establish rules for the guidance of the
Senate and House in joint meeting. And it
would be the duty of the presiding officer of
the joint,meeting to see that those rules were
obeyed and followed.
It was on this account that I threw out the
idea to the gentleman from Ohio that I did
not think he could sustain so strong a position
as that he advanced. I will take occasion to
say that the House and the country are in-
debted to the .gentleman from Massachusetts
to come on so calm an occasion to reopen this
question. It was understood at the time to
which I have referred that it was the duty of
Congress to take the matter in hand and pre-
scribe by joint resolution the manner of pro-
ceeding in counting the votes in joint meeting.
The two Houses are composed of different ele-
ments. The Senate is composed of two'Sen-
ators from each State, and the House is com-
posed of member's elected by the people, and
it is no easy task to prescribe the precise pow-
ers of two bodies thus constituted when in
joint session ; and if the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will in the next Congress follow np
this subject, and by law deliberately guard
against a recurrence of such scenes as we re-
cently passed through, he will render a great
service to the whole country.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to have the opin-
ions expressed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sheli. ah auger] precisely as he presents
them, for my object is nottoengagein, much less
to provoke any discussion with him or anybody
else upon this point, but to do something, if I
may, to enable the country to arrive at what
seems to me to be safe conclusions upon this
great question.
I will, however, make a passing remark upon
the danger—I think that not too strong a word to
use—of rely ing for a practical interpretation of a
greatpowerinthe Constitution exclusively upon
men who have been students of constitutional
law solely, or who have been students in a much
larger degree than they have had «pportunity
to participate in the practical development of
its provisions and powers. I do not hesitate to
say that in my opinion Judge Story and Chan-
cellor Kent would have been able to discuss
with much greater clearness and power, with
reference to the practical workings of the Gov-
ernment, the various provisions of the Consti-
tution if they had had a larger opportunity to
deal with the practical business of the Govern-
ment in its political branches.
But, sir, to approach more nearly the great
question which we have been called to consider,
namely, the constitutional power of the Senate
and House of Representatives to count the
electoral votes of the several States. The pro-
vision of the Constitution is very simple. It
says merely that the President of the Senate in
the presence of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives shall open the certificates and they
shall be then counted. There is a specific dec-
laration of the power which the President of the
Senate has. It is made the duty of the electors
to return their certificates to him ; it is then
made his duty in the presence of the Senate and
House of Representatives to open the certifi-
cates, and the votes shall then be counted. Can
there be any doubt that when he has exercised
the power which is'specifically conferred upon
him his power is exhausted; that he has nothing
further to do except to announce the vote?
AMember. How could he announce it with-
out counting?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will show how he could.
The votes shall then be counted. First, what
is counting the vote? Is it merely looking at
the certificate of the electors and ascertaining
what is written upon those certificates and for
whom the votes of the electors have been given?
Sir, I do not put such an interpretation upon
