14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I December 1,
Ho. of Reps.
lieport of the Secretary of the Treasury.
40th Cong, ... 3d Stfss.
decrease of interest to be annually applied to
the payment of the debt. If large additional
expenditures should he unavoidable they should
at onee be provided for by additional taxes.
What is required, then, at the present time, is
a-positive limitation of the annual outlays to
$300,000,000, including $50,000,000 to be- ap-
plied to the payment of the principal of the
debt, and such modifications of the revenue
laws as will secure this amount, without unwise
restrictions upon commerce, and with the least
possible, oppression and inconvenience to the
tax payers. In the foregoing estimates of
resources miscellaneous receipts and receipts
from sales 6f public lands are omitted. The
miscellaneous receipts heretofore have been
derived from sales of gold and of property
purchased by the War and Navy Departments
during the war and no longer needed. On a
return to specie payments there will be no pre-
miums on coin, very little Government prop-
erty will hereafter be sold, and under the
homestead law and with liberal donations of
the publicdomain, which are likely to be made
as heretofore, no considerable amount can be
expected from lands. Whatever may be re-
ceived fiom these sources will doubtless be
covered by miscellaneous expenses, of which
no estimate can be made.
The act of March 81, 1868. exempting from
taxes nearly all the manufactures of the coun-
try other than distilled spirits, fermented
liquors, and tobacco, was sudden and unex-
pected. It not only deprived the Treasury of
an immense revenue, but the reduction was
so great as to leave an impression on the pub
lie mind that it would be only temporary, and
that a tax in some degree equivalent to that
which was removed would of necessity soon
be resorted to. It is, perhaps, for this reason
that this measure has failed to give relief to
the public by a diminution of prices, and
has benefited manufacturers rather than con-
sumers. The frequentand important changes
^vhich have been made in the internal revenue
laws, the ease with which exemptions from
taxation have been obtained, and the sudden-
ness with which taxes have been greatly aug-
mented or reduced, have constituted one of the
greatest evils of the system. Sudden changes
in the revenue laws are not only destructive of
all business calculations, but, they excite—not
unreasonably—a feeling of discontent and a
sense of injustice among the people, most
unfavorable to an efficient collection of taxes.
While it is admitted that in a new and grow-
ing country like ours modifications of the
taxes will be frequently necessary, some defi-
nite policy should at once be inaugurated in
regard to our internal revenues, the general
principles of which should be regarded as
finally established.
Assuming that the receipts from customs
will be reduced by a reduction of duties or by
the effects of a return to specie payments upon
importations under the present tariff, and that,
consequently, there must be an increase of
internal taxes, there are three sources of rev-
enue which are likely to be considered.
1'irst. An increase of taxes upon distilled
sjiii its.
The idea of deriving the bulk of the revenue
from this article is a very popular one; and
even our uufoitunate experience has only par-
tially convinced the public of its impossibility.
The late exorbitant tax on distilled spirits,
intended, perhaps, not merely as a revenue
measure, but as an encouragement to temper-
mice, proved to be the most demoralizing tax
ever imposed by Congress, corrupting both the
manufacturers and the revenue officers, and
familiarizing the people with stupendous viola-
tions oi the law. The restoration of it, or any
considerable increase of the present tax, would
lead to a repetition of the frauds which have
brought the internal revenue system into such
utter disgrace.
Second. A restoration of the tax on manu-
factures abolished in March last.
The objections to the restoration of this tax
are, that it* would indicate vacillation on the
part of Congress, and that this tax, principally
o;i account of numerous exemptions, was par-
tial and unjust. It is also apparent that, if
restored, it would fail to ,be permanent by
reason of the persistent and united hostility of
a class of citizens influential and powerful, and
whose influence and power are rapidly in-
creasing.
Third. An increased and uniform tax on
sales ; and this the Secretary respectfully rec-
ommends.
Under the present law wholesale and retail
dealers in goods, wares, and merchandise of
foreign or domestic production, wholesale and
retail dealers in liquors, and dealers in tobacco
are subject to a similar but unequal tax upon
sales. This inequality should be removed, and
a tax levied upon all sales sufficient, with the
revenues from other sources, to meet the wants
of the Government. The reasons in favor of a
tax upon sales are that it could be levied gen-
erally throughout the country, and would not
be liable to the imputation of class legislation ;
that it would be so equally distributed as not
to bear so oppressively as other taxes upon
individuals or sections; and. that no depression
of one branch of industry which did not in-
juriously affect the business of the entire coun-
try could greatly lessen its productiveness.
As has been already stated, the receipts from
customs for the fiscal year ending June 30,
18(56, were $179,046,051 58; for the year end-
ing June 30, 1867, $176,417,810 88; and for
the last fiscal year, $164,464,599 56. These
figures show that the tariff has produced large
revenues, although it is in no just sense a rev-
enue tariff. In this respect it has exceeded
the expectations of its friends, if, indeed, it has
not disappointed them. It lias not checked
importations, and complaint is made that it
has not given the anticipated protection to
home manufactures, not because it was not
skillfully framed to this end, but because an
inflated cuireney—the effect of which upon
importations was not fully comprehended—has,
in a measure, defeated its object. It has ad-
vanced the prices of dutiable articles, and, by
adding to the cost of living, has been oppress-
ive to consumers without being of decided
benefit to those industries in whose interest it
is regarded as having been prepared. In his
last report the Secretary recommended the
extension of specific duties, but did not rec-
ommend a complete revision of the tariff, on
the ground that this work could not be intelli-
gently done as long as business was subject to
constant derangement by an irredeemable cur-
rency. Hie same difficulty still exists, but as
decided action upon the subject of the currency
ought not to be longer postponed the present
may not be an unfavorable time for a thorough
examination of the tariff. It is obvious that a
revision of it is required, not only to relieve it
of incongruities and obscurity, and to harmo-
nize it with excise taxes and with our agricul-
tural and commercial interests, but also to
adapt it to the very decided change which must
take place in the business of the country upon
the restoration of the specie standard. Large
revenues are now derived from customs, be-
cause a redundant currency produces extrava-
gance, which stimulates importations. If the
currency were convertible, and business were
regular and healthy, the tariff would be se-
verely protective, it not in many instances pro-
hibitory. Indeed, of some valuable articles it
is prohibitory already.
I here will be in the future, as there have
been in the past, widely different opinions upon
this long vexed and very important subject,
but the indications are decided that the more
enlightened sentiment of the country demands
that the tariff shall hereafter be a tariff for rev-
enue and not for protection, and that the rev-
enues to be derived from it shall be no larger
than, in connection with those received from
other sources, will be required for the eco-
nomical administration of the Government, the
maintenance of the public faith, and the grad-
ual extinguishment of the public debt. While
the-country is not at present, and may not be
for many years to come, prepared for the ab-
rogation of all restrictions upon foreign com-
merce, it is unquestionably prepared for a rev-
enue tariff. The public debt is an incumbrance
upon the property of the nation, and the taxes,
the necessity for which it creates, by whatever
mode and from whatever sources collected, are
at last a charge upon the consumers. Taxes
should not, therefore, be increased, nor will
the tax-payers permit them to be permanently
increased, for the benefit of any interest or
section. Fortunately, or unfortunately, as the
question may be regarded from different stand-
points, the necessities of the Government will
be such for many years that large revenues
must be derived from customs, so that a strictly
revenue tariff must incidentally benefit our home
manufactures. According to the estimate
made by the Secretary, an annual revenue of
$300,000,000 will be required to meet the
necessary demands upon the Treasury, and for
a satisfactory reduction of the public debt.
How much of this amount shall be derived
from customs it will be for Congress to de-
termine.
In examining this difficult question, the mag-
nitude of our foreign debt, and the necessity
not only of preventing its increase but of rap-
idly reducing it, must be kept steadily in view.
It may be necessary that a large portion ofour
bonds now held in Europe be taken up with
bonds bearing a lower rate of interest, payable
in some European city, in order that they may
be less likely to be returned to the United
States at unpropitious times. Whether this is
accomplished or not, it is of the last import-
ance that our tax laws, and especially the
tariff, should be so framed as to encourage ex-
ports and enlarge our commerce with foreign
nations, so that balances may be in our fa^or,
and the interest, and in due time the principal,
of our foreign debt may be paid by our surplus
productions. Many of the investigations of
the Revenue Commissioner have been made
with the view of furnishing Congress with the
data necessary for a thorough examination and
a wise determination of this most important
question, and it is fortunate that the subsi-
dence of political excitement removes many
of the difficulties heretofore in the way of an
impartial consideration of it.
The public debt on the lstday of November,
1867, amounted to §2,491,504,450, and con-
sisted of the following items :
Debt bearing coin interest $1,778,110,991 80
Debt bearing currency interest  426,768,040 00
Matured debt not presented for pay-
ment  18.287,538 83
Debt bearing no interest  404385.677 39
„ Total  2,625,502.818 02
Cash in the Treasury  133,998 39S 02
Amount of debt less uash in the
Treasury  $2,491,504,430 00
On the 1st day of November, 1868, it
amounted to $2,527,129,552 82, and consisted
of the following items:
Debt bearing coin interest  $2,107,577,950 00
Debt bearing currency interest  114,519.000 00
Matured debt not presented for pay-
ment  9,753,723 64
Debt bearing no interest  409,151,89s 42
Total   2,641.002.572 06
Cash in the Treasury  113,873,019 24
Amount of debt less cash in the
Treasury  $2 527,129,552 82
By a comparison of these statements it ap-
pears that the debt, between the 1st day of
November, 1867, and the lstday of November,
