,1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
3.191
the words. For if that be the case, it would be
in the power of various parties—the messenger
.that might convey the returns to the President
of the Senate, or the custodian of an unknown
key of a safe in which these certificates might
•be deposited—to change the written certifi-
,Cate or to substitute a forged one for- it. Sir,
■I take it that this, power wherever vested
.-is, wit!) reference to the subject-matter, an
lomnipotent power; that is to say, a- power
^sufficient to enable the party authorized by the
Constitution: to count these votes', to explore
the history of the whole transaction, from the
.people who have declared their voice through
■,-their suffrages, and to ascertain whether all the
.proceedings have been right, or whether by
isotne fraud or misconduct or error the certifi-
.eate has been vitiated. If there be not this
power somewhere, then, of course, this court
.is at the mercy of whoever may choose to be
guilty of a fraud or who may inadvertently
.commit an error.
If, then, this be the nature of the duty im-
posed iu the matter of counting the votes, the
next inquiry is, upon whom is this duty im-
posed? I say, first, by the language of the
Constitution it is not imposed upon the Presi-
dent of the Senate. I say, in the next place,
that there is given to the- President of the Senate
by the Constitution no power by which he could
^institute the necessary inquiries and the proper
scrutiny by which he could ascertain whether
•everything was fair and proper from the begin-
ning to the end of this transaction. Then, if it
be not in the President of the Senate, where by
the necessity of the ease must it be? It must
be iu the two Houses of Congress. This work
.of opening the certificates is to be in the pres-
ence of the Senate and the House, and the
vote is then to be counted. For what purpose
are the Senate and the House here? Do gen-
tlemen say that it is to see whether the work
is properly done? Is that enough? What
work properly done? To see whether the
President of the Senate reports to the Senate
and to the House of Representatives correctly
what is written upon the papers called cer-
tificates which he opens in their presence? Is
.that enough to secure the people of this coun-
try against fraud, wrong, accident, or mistake?
•I think not.
The counting of the votes unquestionably is
to be " in the presence of the two Houses."
-Have the two Houses power to do what by the
Constitution is unavoidably made the duty of
somebody to do—to see that the votes which
are counted are real votes? By that I mean
whether what is written upon the paper ex-
presses the opinion which the people have
given. Not only have the Senate and House
of Representatives the power, but there is no
other department of the Government that is
clothed with that.power. The President is not
clothed with the power by any possible con-
struction of the Constitution. The Supreme
Court is not clothed with'the power. There is
no governmental instrumentality that can be
named that has this power except the Senate
and the House of Representatives. We all
agree that under some circumstances this power
ought to be exercised. We all agree that the
Constitution contemplates purity,, justice, not
fraud or wrong.
Next, what has been the practice of the
Government from the beginning? What was
the course of proceeding on Wednesday last?
Why that a Senator selected by the Senate and
two members of this House appointed, to be
sure, by the Speaker—but the Speaker of the
House does nothing as Speaker which the House
jnight not without the agency of the Speaker
do for itself—actually counted those votes.
So it has always been. The tellers represent
the two Houses. The President of the Senate
did nothing but hand down to the tellers the
certificates which he had received after having
opened them in the presence of the Senate and
House, and the tellers, who represented, not
the President of the Senate, but who repre-
sented the Sentate and the House ofRepresenta-
tives, actually counted the votes. It has been-
the uniform practice, as I understand, 'from
the beginning of the Government, that the
Senate and the House of Representatives have
actually counted the votes.
Now, then, what has been the course of the
two branches of the Government in another
particular ■phich bears distinctly upon the
powers and duties of the two Houses in refer-
ence to this business? In 1821, on the occa-
sion alluded to by the venerable and honorable
gentleman from Slaryland, [Mr. Thomas,] un-
der the lead of Mr. Clay a resolution was.
passed in reference to the State of Missouri
in terms precisely like that which we passed
in reference to the State of Georgia. If you
will analyze the resolutions you will see that
they contain an assertion of power to investi-
gate the circumstances attending the elections
in Georgia and in MissSuri, for both of those
resolutions declare that the return certificates
of those States should not be Counted in the
manner in which the certificates returned from
other States were to be counted. The asser-
tion of that power is an assertion of all the
power for which I contend; which is, that the
Senate and House of Representatives in exer-
cising the power and performing the duty de-
rived from the Constitution, and sanctioned by
the uniform practice from the beginning of the
Government till now, of counting the electoral
votes through officers appointed by the Senate
and the House, may institute an inquiry into
every proceeding that has taken place from
the depositof the ballots by the people through
all intermediate proceedings to the opening of
the certificates by the President of the Senate
in the presence of the Senate and House of
Representatives for the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether the proceedings have been right,
or whether they have been vitiated by error or
fraud.
It may be said that this is a great power. It
is a great power to, institute an inquiry into
proceedings touching so vital a matter as the
exercise of the right of the people to be heard
in the election of a President and Vice Pres-
ident of the United States. But it is a power
which must be lodged somewhere. It would
be a dangerous doctrine to maintain that any
paper coming here through the customary or
authorized channels between the State and the
.national Government is to be received without
any inquiry. That would be a most dangerous
doctrine. I cannot conceive of anyplace where
this power could be so safely deposited as in
the Senate and in the House of Representa-
tives. Hence I cannot agree with the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabakger] that there
is a casus omissus in the Constitution. It being
established, as I think it is established, that the
Senate and the House of Representatives are
authorized and required to count the electoral
votes, it follows, from the nature of the case,
that the Houses are clothed with power to
make such rules as are needed to enable them,
to perform the duty in a proper manner. But
if this be not so, then the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution clothes Con-
gress with ample power. The provision gives
to Congress power "to make all laws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or in any De-
partment or officer thereof." This power is
ample for every exigency. Farther, the wis-
dom of the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution is shown in the omission to prescribe
the details of duty or to set forth specifically
the means by which powers granted are to be
executed. It was assumed that there would be
wisdom and patriotism in those who would be
called to execute the powers granted, and that
successive Congresses would prescribe such
modes of proceeding as experience should sug-
gest or require.
• And this brings me to the consideration of a
circumstance which occurred on the floor of
this House, and which when it occurred dis-
turbed me more than any other circumstance
iti-my political experience. Upon objection to
the vote of Georgia being made by my col-
league, [Mr. BtrfLER, J the Speaker, acting un-
der the twenty-second 'rule, put this question
to the House, "Shall the vote of Georgia be
counted?" By that rule, as it Stands in the
Manual, the vote of Georgia was not tQ "be
counted if either House declared that it should
not be counted.
When the resolutions submitted by my col-
league [Mr. Butler] ' were under considera-
tion, containing or implying a censure upop an
officer of another" branch of the Government,
I reached the conclusion that I could not vote
for them. But when he modified them by
accepting a resolution authorizing a commit-
tee to inquire whether any amendment to the
joint rules was needed, I was ahxious that the
resolutions should pass, for the purpose of
bringing before sucn a committee the danger
in which we stand to-day and the evils that
may in some future time be brought about by
and under the twenty-second joint rule of the
two Houses of Congress.
In my opinion, when the counting of the vote
of a State is objected to the question to be put
to the Senate and to the House should be,
not "shall the vote of the State of be
counted?" but " shall the vote of the State of
   be rejected?" In my judgment, this dif-
ference in the form of the question is all the
difference between peace, harmony, and quiet
in some future difficulty like that through which
we have just passed, on the one side, and dis-
order, anarchy, and revolution on theother. If
in a great political excitement the vote of a
State should be rejected by the action of one
House of Congress, the other House not con-
curring in that action, no man can foretell the
results that would flow from the proceeding.
The trouble would not arise necessarily because
the rejecting vote had been a wrong vote. All
these evils might happen if the rejection of the
vote of the State was right.
In this country it is especially necessary that
there should be unity of opinion and of action
in those departments of the Government that
under our system are expected to cooperate in
the execution of a great power. If the people
find the Senate and the House agreeing in the
rejection of the vote of a State, that harmony
of opinion between the two Houses carries
great weight with the country. And even if
that decision were wrong, I know not if it would
not be better for the country that it should be
made erroneously by the two branches of
Congress thau that the vote of a State should
rightfully be rejected by the power of one
branch exercised against the judgment of the
other.
Mr. SEIELLABARGER. I would ask my
friend if I understood him correctly to contend
that this counting of the electoral votes can be
done by the separate action of the two Houses
of Congress? If so, or even if not so, then I
wish to ask his attention to this considera-
tion: the gentleman says that that thing called
"counting," investigation, exploration of the
legality. &c., of this proceeding from the peo-
ple up, is a thing about which the mind of the
two Houses can be and must be exercised in
coming to a conclusion. Now, I understand
the gentleman to say that the only question to
be put to the separate Houses is whether the
vote of the State objected to shall be rejected.
Mr. BOUIWELL. I'say that, as antago-
nizing the question which was put here, the
question ought to be—I do not say it is the
only question, but I say that the question
which should be put as the alternative of the
question put the other day is, " Shall the vote
of be rejected?"
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now, perhaps,
understand the gentleman better. That par-
ticular form of putting the vote is an import-
ant matter, arising, as I understand the gen-
tleman, out of the twenty-second joint rule
and the practice under it. But the Constitu-
tion does not drive us to such a method of vot-
ing nor confine us to that way of finding out
whether the vote of a State ought to be counted
in the constitutional sense. Tke suggestion I
