TIB COtf&it$SSK)N AL G-L9BI.
February 13,
was going .to make was, that if it be true that
under the Constitution th'o only-question that
,ca .i taken, is whether (he vote of a State
"shall be rejected, tben^ the position of my
"ifiend would result in'this: that nobody, nei-
ther the President of the Senate nor the House
;of Representatives nor the Senate, would have
;tlie~ power to 'act affirmatively and say that the
vote, of a State should he counted. The only
question would be. whether the vote should be
rejected.
,'t Jlr: BO'UTWELL. Mr. Chairman., I do npt
Q!nd i'n'the Constitution any declaration, as" to
the questions- that are to be proposed to the
two' Houses, much less any declaration as to
what shall be the form of questions; but I find
in the Constitution a declaration that the votes
slsall be counted. I find that the Constitution
provides for the two Houses meeting together.
I find that it is necessary for the safety of the
Republic that, the power of the two Houses
sbali be-exercised, and that from the beginning
of the Government it has been exercised, in
regard to the mutter of counting the votes, and
that as early as 1821 Air. Clay, who was the
'Author of the resolution from which our con-
current.,resolution with reference to Georgia
was copied," led in the assertion of a principle
which is sufficient to include all that X claim ;
that is, tlia.t the two Houses have power under
jtHe Constitution, to institute a scrutiny to ascer-
tain- whether the will of the people as expressed
at tHe ballot-box is honestly expressed by the
certificates upon the table of the President of
the Senate.
Upon this basis I maintain that it is the
duty of the two Houses, under the Constitu-
tion, to proceed in such a manner as honestly to
execute the duty which is imposed upon them
by the Constitution. I say further that the
duty imposed upon them by the Constitution
cannot be executed safely under this twenty-
second rule if the question is to be put as it
was put by the Speaker of the House on Wed-
nesday, and, as i think, fairly put under the
rule. Hence it is, in nay judgment, necessary,
if w,e would leave a proper precedent for our
successors, that this rule, should be modified
so that the vote of a State objected to shall not
be excluded except by the voice of the two
Houses.
This brings mo to the consideration of the
question how shall the voice of the two Houses
be expressed; I say at once that they are not
to act together as a joint body. The reason
for separate action is to be found in the nature
of "the case. If there should be a failure to
"led a President, the power to elect devolves
upon the House of Representatives. Now, if
the House_ of Representatives, for example,
were constituted with as large a majority in
favor of one political party as is found in this
House to-day, and if the Senate at the same
time were constituted with as large a majority
in favor of the opposite party as is the political
majority in the Senate to-day—should the two
Houses act together the majority in the House
would be able to control the antagonistic ma-
jority in the Senate, and thus decide the matter
for itself. Hence in su6h a case the question
might as well be left to the. House alone as to
be left to the two Houses. Then again we have
to consider that in no other particular is there
any ground to assume that the two Houses are
to act as one body. In addition to that, no one
can fail to see that there is greater security for
the public peace, for the safety of the nation,
if the concurrent action of the two Houses be
required than there would be if the question
were left to the two Houses acting jointly. It
is said in the Constitution that "thevotes shall
'i6 comlt-ed:" meaning undoubtedly that
they shall be counted in the presence of the two
Houses. ButthejudgmentoftheHousesas to
whether a particular vote shall be counted may
be made up when those Houses are separate.
If the Senate retires and decides that the vote
of Georgia shall be counted, the vote is not then
coun ted when merely theSenate has so decided
But when the President of the Senate comes j
in and says the judgment of the Senate is that I
the vote of Georgia shall, be counted, a>nd alfeo
that the judgment-of, jtlia-flouse of IJejjrfisent-
atives is that the vote of Georgia shall be
counted, the vote of Georgia is then, to be
counted in the presence of the two llouses.
When the certificate of the electoral votes ctf
a State is laid upon the table of the President
of the Senate, that so- many-votes were o:ist for
a.certain person for President .and so many, far
a certain, otter, person, for Vice, President,, the
prima, facie case, as we say, is that the trans-
action was, an honest transaction, and.the cer-
tificate is afaitkfulieportof the result reached.
.It is for those who deny it to overthrow, the
prima fade- case made out by the presentation
of the certificate under the Constitution, and
that can only be overthrown by the opinion
of the Senate, expressed, independently that
, there is fraud or error s;o as to vitiate the cer-
tificate, and- the opinion of the House of Rep-
resentative, expressed independently, that
there is fraud or error which vitiates the cer-
t'ficate. If either House says the vote of the
State objected to shall be counted or shall not
be rejected, it must be counted. I think there
is no safety in any other rule.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The result is
this. Although i.t might be known, that the
vote was fraudulent,.still the fact could not be
depided in that way, if the House of Represent-
atives- refuses to decide it.
Mr. . BQ.UTWBLL. How do we know
whether tbe vote is.frattdulent? Only by the
decision of those who are to judge of it.. The
right of judgment is-in the Senate and in the
House, and their concurrent action is required
to overthrow the prima facie case made out
by the presentation of the certificate. The
two bodies are like any other tribunal. We
may pass a bill in the House and may think it
an important measure ; but if the Senate does
not concur, although the people may suffer
from want of it, it is not the law. So if we
object to the vote of a State and think we
have sufficient reasons for so doing, and the
Senate refuses to concur, the vote must be
counted. Nothing can be done without, the
concurrence of the two branches of Congress.
Under the Constitution and for the safety
of the country the vote of every State must
be counted unless the Senate and House by
a concurrent vote declare that it should be
rejected.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION 01? 1S6S.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Chairman, I have
obtained the floor for the purpose of putting
on record a few thoughts which have been
mainly suggested by a speech made on this
floor on the 10th of December last by Hon.
Jajif.s G. Blaine, entitled " The issues settled
by the election of General Grant to the Presi-
dency of the United States." While I have
no word of reproach to offer the gentleman
from Maine for the self-congratulatory spirit
in which he is pleased to amuse himself and
the House by assumptions of results which I
humbly conceive are at war with the facts in
the case, I hope I shall be pardoned while I
take a brief survey of his positions. I am aware
that men equally honest ofttimes come to vefy
different conclusions from the same premises,
and this is allowable in this free age of thought,
if not really desirable, for purposes of truth as
well as mutual instruction.
Mr. Blaine says, first:
" In the victory of 18S0, as shown by the election
of Mr. Lincoln, slavery propagandism received its
aoath'-bloiT."
Let us examine this proposition for a mo-
ment. Had he simply stated that in the elec-
tion of Mr, Lincoln slavery received il;j fatal
blowperhaps history and fact would have been,
on liis side. He, however, gives his.languag#.
a " double shufBe," in the fact that he violates
history in the implied statement that s-lavery
propagandism was the object of the reeeirt war.
Where does he. find any respectable authority
outside of Republican ranks for tliis.ass.ertion ?
No well informed man who went into, the re-
bellion ever made any on going to-
-grps!«.. tlas.;. o  the other hand, they always
disclaimed any such purpose, and only sought
protection for slavery, where it existed by law.
Onerof. tb*e mostrelied on arguments in favor
of secession used by them was the threatened
purpose of some of the free Statesof theNorth
jo make-warijpon the institutions of the South,
as indicated, by,-the passnge of their eivil.rights
".personal lib.erty bills" in, their various
State Legislatures, and when--, this object was
charged on the. northern States over and over
it w-as as often denied,, and.the purposeof inter-
fering with slavery- in the.States disavowed per-
sistently by them; and for the truth of: this
proposition iiis.oitly necessary.for meto refer
to two sources which I regard high authority,
and which I, apprehend wili not'be questioned
in this presence.. I quote from the inaugural
address'of Mr. Lincoln in 1861, who not only
States bisposition upon this question,, but quotes
from the platform of the Republican party upon
which he was elected, to satisfy the southern
mind and conviuce the country thai such was
not the purpose of the Republican party, to
wit: to interfere with the domestic institutions
of the States. Mr. Lincoln's inaugural 4th
March, 1861, McPhersou's Manual, page 105,
reads:.
"Apprehension seems to exist among the people
of the southern States that hy t'heacoession of n Re-
publican Administration their property mid their
peace and-personal security are to be endangered.
'J.'he re has never been any reasonable cause tor such
apprehension. Indeed, the most ample evidence to
the contrary has all the while existed and been open
-to their inspection. It is found'in nearly all the
published speeches of him who now addresses you.
1 do but quote from one of those speeches when I
declare that' I have no purpose, directly or indirectly,
to interfere with the institution of shivery in the
States where it exists. I believe I have no lnwlul
right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so.'
Those who nominated and elected me did so with lull
knowledge that I had made this and many similar
declarations, and had never reoanted thein. And
more than this, they placed in the platform for my
acceptance, and as a law to.theinseivesaudto me, the
clear and emphatic resolution which I now read:
"' Hesolved, That the maintenance in violate of the
rights ot the States, and especially the rigtitof each
htate to order and control its own domestic institu-
tions according to its own judgment exclusively, is
essential to the balance of power on which the per-
fection and endurance of our political fabric depend,
and we denounce the lawless invasion by armed lorce
of the soil of any State or Territory, no matter under
what pretext, as among the gravest of crimes.'
'*1 now reiterate these sentiments: and. in doing
so, I only press upon the public attention the most
conclusive evidence of which the case is susceptible
that the property, peace, and security of no section
are to be in anywise endangcredby the now incoming
administration. I add, too, that all the protection
which,-consistently with- the Constitution and the
laws, can be given, will be cheerfully given to all the
States when lawfully demanded,lor.whatever,cause—
as cheertully to onesection as t& another.
" There is much controversy about the delivering
up of fugitives trom service or labor. The clause I
now read is as plainly written in the Constitution as
any other of its provisions:
'Jto person held to service or labor in one State,
under the laws thereof, escaping into another,shall,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged from such service or labor but shall be
delivered up on claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due/
_ " It is scarcely questioned that this provision its
intended by those who made it lor the reciaiiningof
what we call tugitive slaves; and the intention of tho
law-giver is the law. All members of Congress twear
their support to thewhole Constitution—to this pro-
vision as much as any other. To the proposition,
then. that. slaves, whose eases come within the'terms
ol this clause, 'shall be delivered up,' their oaths
are unanimous. Now, it they would make the effort
in good temper, could they not, with nearly equal
unanimity, frame and pass a law by means of which
to keep good that unanimous oath?"
Can language be plainer than this? Mr. Lin-
coln not only commits himself and his party, in
the extract-from,their platform, but he goes fur-
ther, and makes an argument by quoting from
the Constitution in favor of the fugitive slave
la.w, which, if indorsed by a Democrat of to-
day,.would subject him to the anathemas and
denunciations of our Republican friends.
I quote again from an authority which will
not be objected to, perhaps. On the 11th day
of February, 1861, (McPherson's Manual, page
77j) I find tliat Mr, of .Ohio, intro-
duced the following resolution in this House:
licaolved, Th&t neither tho Congress of the United
otates nor the.people or goveriiinenis of tho nor^-
siayeholding btates, have tlie constitutional right to
iesrisjate or interfere with slavery in any of the slave-
holding Stages of the Union."
