242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
are discussing is only calculated to aggravate.
One of the evils to be dreaded in a return to
specie payment, by debtors in the appreciation
of their indebtedness, would, in a great meas-
ure be avoided by permission to settle at a
premium in specie, but the attendant evil of
the permanent establishment of the discredit
of paper money—the very thing sought to be
remedied—would overbalance any good that
might result to individuals. Specie would not
become a part of the currency; its price would
go up; paper would be dishonored; specula-
tions in gold would go on ; debtors would be
compelled to get it at a sacrifice and at any cost,
or be driven to the wall by execution; all new
contracts would necessarily recognize the dif-
ference between specie and paper. The sys-
tem once begun must be continued, and while
old debtors could move on much more nearly
upon their old basis than in case of a complete
restoration of specie payment the effect upon
new transactions would be almost the same as
if contracls payable iu specie were directly
authorized, which we have already seen is a
tremendous measure of contraction, accom-
panied by a rise in the value of specie, by a
large virtual increase of indebtedness, and by
the possible bankruptcy of the debtor class.
Diametrically opposed to all these shirting
and temporary expedients to gain a brief holi-
day of credit stands the great measure of fund-
ing the public debt upon a long time at a low
rate of interest—a measure that will relieve
the enormous annual drain of gold for interest
a third or fourth ; that will give time for the
establishment of confidence in our integrity and
ability; that will give time for the growth of
the nation, so that when the debt falls due wo
can with ease pay it oil'. To return to specie
' payment before funding the debt at a lower
than the present rate of interest will render
that measure an impossibility. Who that, holds
a six per cent, bond, which is as good as gold,
will surrender or exchange it for one which is i
no better and brings but, four percent., while, i
on the contrary, he who holds a six per cent. ;
bond payable in greenbacks might willingly j
surrender it for a four percent., payable in gold?
Specie payment and a funding bill are the an-
tipodes, and by what game of legerdemain the
politician thinks he can advocate both—can ride
both hobbies, going in opposite directions, at
the same time—I am at a loss to see. J f I were
a candidate for national honors, and expected
to obtain by humbug the support of the labor-
ing poor who want constant employment, ready
pay, and active business, 1 would whisper in
the ear of the bondholder my support of a re-
turn to specie payment by compulsory mens
ures in tones so low that the laborer would
never hear it. 1 would not dare to come upon
the floor of Congress and blow hot and cold at
the same breath and expect nobody to find it
out. [ would not dare to-come here and say I
was in favor ot a system to reduce the annual
interest thirty, forty, or fifty millions, and at
the same time advocate measures which would
make the bondholder grasp his contract with
greater vigor and read practically upon its face
that it was payable in gold. But if I were not
in favor of reducing the interest ; if I wished
to keep up the annual stream of $120,000,000
of gold from the Treasury; if I thought a fund-
ing bill unwise; if I believed the contract in
the live-twenty bond called for gold, both for
principal and interest, then 1 would advocate
in all earnestness a return to specie payments
if such a thing were otherwise practicable or
possible, or within a remote range of possibility.
But some one will say: "Suppose we have
come to specic payment? Then we can fund
our debt by issuing a bond which the commer-
cial world will take at par with a low rate of
interest." Would such a thingbe possible while
more than sixteen hundred million offive-twenty
bonds stood in the way? Is it to be supposed
that these bonds will go above par? Can we
by magic put our credit,, which now lags twenty-
five per c*1 (it. behind, at once, or in a few short
months, at such a premium as that a four per
cent, bond will be at par? How eise can you
take six per cents, with four per cents. ? Or do
gentlemen propose to go into the market and
again hawk about our promises at a discount,
and thus save the people's money?
'That the funding of our debt at a lower
rate of interest is desirable can hardly be seii-
ously questioned. There are but two other
alternatives beside repudiation, and these are
its gradual extinguishment or its continuance
at its present volume, with a regular payment
of six per cent, interest in each case. No one
thinks seriously of repudiation. No one thinks
seriously of issuing greenbacks for the whole
of the debt, thereby saving interest. Very few
are so confident in the ability and willingness
of the people to pay heavy taxes as to desire
now to increase them in order to pay off the
debt, while a larger number are satisfied with
a continuance of the debt, drawing its present
interest, and leaving its adjustment to some
future contingency. But by far the greater
portion of the people feel that now is the time
to fix upon a permanent basis the great sub-
jects of the debt and the currency, dependent
as both are, after all, on their capability to meet
the demands of the tax-gatherer; for, place
this matter where you will, it all inevitably
comes back for its basis upon the will and
ability of the people to supply the revenues.
The interest-bearing debt once adjusted per-
manently, its payment put off, its interest re-
duced, its n Hi mate security madegood by thirty
or forty years of national growth and progress,
and the question of paying specie for green-
hacks will be but a trivial one. When the
$1,000,000,000 are laid quietly away the $350,-
000,000 can easily be handled.
Suppose an individual having a large landed
estate and no ready money to owe $10,000, for
which lie had given his notes, some without
interest, the most of them with interest; some
payable in produce, some in cash, some at, no
deiinite time; the bulk of the debt, $8,000,
being payable in produce, the interest, alone
payable in cash. He cannot payat present; his
property is rising in value ; all he lea'tly needs
is time. His creditor, who wants money for
his debt, and nut produce, will give him an
extension at a lower rate of interest if the
whole will be made payable in cash. What is
the debtor's policy? Surely it is to get time
to gain the rise in value of his property, to
make the arrangement to let his creditor feel
that he is safe and will get cash when it falls
due. Both are interested in such a settle-
ment, and both will be satisfied in making it.
This done, the small unadjusted balance not
bearing interest can soon be disposed of and
paid oil', or made as good as gold.
'The great burden by the funding arrange-
ment has been lifted, the small one will give
no trouble. The creditor who was annoyed at
the thought of getting eight out of ten thou-
sand dollars in produce, now that he has the
promise of money, is well pleased; and the
debtor, with the liberty of action which a long
extension gives, goes to work cheerfully and
builds up bis fortune, accumulates, prospers,
and inspires faith in his ability to pay. Sup-
pose the debtor while he had no money would
declare he would pay cash, who would believe
him? Surely nof, the creditor. Surely not the
shrewd man of business. Credit has never yet
been obtained by empty boasts or rash promises,
but by provident forethought, by hard work, by
sterling, straight-forward honesty, and practical
common sense.
Among other reasons to be given in favor of
funding our debt at a lower rate is the one
that by this means a greater portion of it may
be taken in foreign countries, leaving all of
our means to be employed in legitimate busi-
ness at home, thus giving an impulse to that
healthy national growth which alone can re-
store our credit completely. The value of
money in this country is greater than six per
cent.; as a rule it is loaned at higher rates.
Millions can be borrowed in Europe at a lower
rate. Why should it not be done? Is it not
better that our people should use their means
in improving and building up our own posses-
sions and developing our own resources than
to be engaged in loaning their money to the
Government, silting idly with folded hands?
We can use our own means to better advan-
tage than in mere money lending, and can
do no better than borrow every dollar of the
public debt from the Old Word at three to
four per cent. No greater calamity could
befall us than to become a nation of money-
lenders.
The active employment of our capital at
home will return us again to specie payment.
A return effected by the revival of business, the
extension of trade, the development of the
mineral, manufacturing, and agricultural re-
sources of the country, the increase of popula-
tion, the completion of great public works—
in fine, by the growth in power and wealth of
the nation.
This is the broad road to resumption which
the people can and will travel, slowly it may
be, but surely and safely. It may be the work
of years, but once restored nothing again ex-
cept the overthrow of the Government can
shake it. In the ten years preceding the war
the values of all property had more than doubled
in the United States.
The following statement, condensed from
the reportof'Commissioner Wells, very recently
made, shows some of the elements of our
national growth singe the war :
i "From the 1st of July, 1805. to the 1st of December,
1853, about one million natives of tore.gn countries
i have sought a permanent homo in the United Stales.
I Investigations made tome years ago (since wh n the
| character of the immigration lias greatly unproved.)
| showed thattheseimmigrants bringwitli theinspecio
I or its equivalent to trie average amount of eighty uot-
1 lais per head; while their average value to thecoun-
j try as prouucei ■ cannot be estimated at less than hatt
i the aver fgo value ot an ordinary laborer in the South
r.nor to the war, namely, 81,000 each. Immigration,
I then, since the termination of the war may be
regarded as having added g8u,000,000 directlj, and
; $5un,ul)0,000 indirectly, to tho wealth andiesouic^sof
theeountiy. In referring to the general increase in
1 the products of domestic industry he asserts that ail
! the available data tend to .establish the following
; conclusions, namely, that within the last live years *
! more cotton spindles have been put in operation,
] more iron furnact s erected, more iron smelted, more
! bars lolled, more steel made, more coal and copper
mined, more lumber sawed and hewn, more boosts
i and shops constructed,more manut'actoiiesof dilter-
| eut kinds started, and more petroleum eoikoitd,
! refined, and expoited, than during any equal period
] in the history of the country; and that this i. crease
i has been gieater both os legards quality and fluaii-
I tity, and greater than the legitimate increase to o s
' expected lrom the normal increase ot wealth and
| population.
! "The following figures are given : number oi'cot-
j ton bpindles in I860. 5,235,727; in lSti7, 7,000,(100 a
I gam of 31.78 per cent, m tiom tour to tu « years.
[ and mainly since the termination of the war.
I "Number ot woolen manufacturing, establish-
i menta m .Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, VVirunn-
: sin, Iowa,, and Minnesota ill ISoO, 2o9, with a capital
of il 616,710; in 1868, 557, with a capital ot S5,4-!8,0(M.
"The recent average annual increase in the p.u-
duetion of pig iron is reumrkab.y umwrui and
greatly in excess of the ratio ot increase of popula-
tion. for the seven ye.us iioin 1860 (when ti;e pio-
duction was 913,770 tons) to 1-67, the average annual
increase has neon 8.35 per eent.
" The product of the copper mines of Lake Supe-
rior in 186!) was 6,OOU tons, andm 1867,11,/do tons.
" In 1862 the export of petroleum was. returned at
10,887,701 gallons. During the years 1861 and 1865.
with the advantage ot a high premium on gold, tno
export increased to an averago of about oO.OOO.OUO
gallons. In lb67 the export was- 67.052,020 gallons,
and tor 1868 the export to December 18 is returned
at 04,774,201 gallons.
"The recent increase in the production of anthra-
cite coal, which may be taken as a measure of tho
product, of all American eoal, is repoited as fol-
lows: 1862, 7,490,550 tons; 18!®, 12,379,400 tons; 18t>7,
12,650,571 tons; 1868, to Decembei 12,13,500,000 toils,
"The aggregate crops of the northern States for
1S67 were believed to be greater than those of any
previous year, while the crops lor tho past year are
known to exceed in quantity and quality those ot 1807.
"The present ratio of the increase of the crop of
Indian corn for thewhole country is put by the best
a uthorities at an average of three and one half per
cent, per annum. Tho crop of 1859 was returned by
the census at 830,451,707 bushels, and adopting tlie
above ratio of increase, the crop of 1868. acknowl-
edged to be a full one,must, be estimated at 1,100,000,000
bushels, and if sold at the assumed low average of
forty-six cents per bushel, would net over £500,000,000.
"The following are the estimated cotton crop* of
the South since tho termination of the war: 1865-06,
2,1,",4,476 bales; 186,1-67. l,95f,9S6 bn Ics; 1867-68,2,4'.)8,8(j5
bales; 180S-GO, estimated 12,70j,000 bates.
"The culture of'rice at the tiouth, which at the
termination of the war practically amounted to
nothing, has also so far been restored that the prod-
uct of the present year is estimated at seventy thou-
