18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1,
Ho, oi? Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
40th Comg....3d Sess.
and their undivided profits—of $100,000,000,
the withdrawal from circulation often or fifteen
millions of legal-tender notes, by combinations
for speculative purposes, can create a money
stringency, by which not only the stock market
is broken down, but the entire business of the
city, and to some extent the business of the
country, is injuriously affected? If the banks
■were no more extended than they ought to be,
or had proper control over their customers, no
such combinations would belikely to be formed,
or if formed they would utterly fail of their
object.
These remarks do not, of course, apply to
all of the banks in New York, for some of
them are strictly commercial institutions, and
are under the control of men who are distin-
guished alike for their talents and their con-
servatism. They are, however, applicable to
them as a class, and they undoubtedly apply in
some measure to many banks in other cities.
The recommendation of the Comptroller,
that all national banks bo prohibited by law
from certifying checks which are not drawn
upon deposits actually existing atthe time the
checks are certified to be good, is heartily con-
curred in.
The Secretary has long entertained the opin-
ion that the practice of paying interest on
deposits — tending, as it does, to keep the
banks constantly extended in their discounts—
is injudicious and unsafe. He therefore ap-
proves of the recommendation of the Comp-
troller that national banks be prohibited from
paying interest on bank or individual bal-
ances.
The Secretary also agrees with the Comp-
troller in his recommendation that authority
be given to him to call upon the banks for
reports on days to be fixed by himself. If a
reserve is necessary, it should be kept con-
stantly 011 hand, and the business of the coun-
try ought not to be disturbed by the prepara-
tion of the banks for the quarterly reports.
The views of the Secretary in regard to the
necessity of a cent.al redeeming agency for
the national banks have been frequently pre-
sented, and it is not necessary for him to
repeat them.
There are other suggestions in the Comp-
troller's report deserving the attention of Con-
gress which the Secretary lacks the time to
consider. There is one subject, however, not
discussed by the Comptroller, to which the
Secretary invites special attention.
Although the national banking system should
be relieved from the limitation now imposed
upon the aggregate amount of notes that may
be issued, this cannot safely be done as long as
the suspension of specie payments continues.
Nevertheless, measures should at once be
adopted to remedy, as far as practicable, the
inequality which exists in the distribution of the
circulation. As the Government has, by the
tax upon the notes of State banks, deprived
the Stares of the power of furnishing facilities
to their citizens, it is obviously just that those
States which are thus deprived of these facili-
ties, or which do not share equally with other
States in the benefits of the national banking
system, should bo supplied with both banks
and notes. There are two modes by which
this may be accomplished: one by reducing
the circulation of the banks of large capital
only, the other by limiting the amount of notes
to be furnished to all the banks, say to seventy
per cent, of their respective capitals. The
latter mode is preferable, as by it no discrimi-
nation would be made between the banks, and
all would be strengthened by a reduction of
their liabilities, and by a release of a part of
their means now deposited with the Treasurer,
which would be of material service to them in
the preparation they must make for a return to
specie payments. Ifaredeemingagency should
be established, the reduction of the circulation
of the existing banks could be effected as rap-
idly as new banks can be organized in the west-
ern and southern States where they are needed.
The new Territory of Alaska has been the
object of much attention during the past year,
but its distance and the uncertainty and infre-
quency of communication with it and our imper-
fect knowledge of its condition have somewhat
embarrassed the Department in organizing
therein a satisfactory revenue system.
Under the authority of the act of the last
session the Administration, by special agency,
(which in the absence of the regular machinery
was of necessity resorted to,) has been super-
seded by the appointment of a collector to
reside at Sitka, who left for his post in Sep-
tember last, and has probably ere this entered
upon the discharge of his duties.
A gentleman from this Department accom-
panied him to assist in establishing the collec-
tion service on a proper foundation, and in
perfecting arrangements for the prevention of
smuggling.
Recognizing also the vast importance of
reliable information on matters not imme-
diately connected with these objects, but hav-
ing nevertheless a most important beariag
upon them more or less direct, another agent,
long familiar with that country, was at the
same time dispatched with directions to apply
himself to the ascertainment of its natural
resources, the inducements and probable chan-
nels of trade, and the needs of commerce in
the way of lights and other aids to navigation.
He was also particularly intrusted with a super-
vision of the fur interests and the enforcement
of the law prohibiting the killing of the most
valuable fur-bearing animals.
The existence of coal at numerous points
has been known for years, and some of the
beds were worked by the Russians with indiffer-
ent success ; none, however, has been hitherto
procured on the North American Pacific coast
equal to that from the Nanaimo mines, on
Vancouver's Island ; and this, though raised
from a considerable depth, is not of superior
quality. The officers of the cutters were there-
fore instructed to explore the coast as far as
practicable for the purpose of ascertaining the
supply and the quality of coal in the Territory.
A number of localities producing coal were vis-
ited, including the abandoned Russian mines,
but at none did the outcroppings exhibit any
flattering promise except on the coast of Cook's
inlet. There, near Port Kenay, about seven
hundred miles from Sitka, were found upon the
cliffs numerous parallel veins extending many
miles along the shore. Some of the coal taken
from them proved to be superior to that from
the Nanaimo mines. The indications are that
the supply is abundant and the quality fair.
The protection of the fur-bearing animals is
a matter of importance hardly to be overrated.
In consequence of information received last
spring, the captain of the Wayanda wasdirected
to visit, as early in the season as practicable,
the islands in Behring's sea, where the fur seal
chiefly abounds. On his arrival at St. Paul's
and St. George's Islands he found there sev-
eral large parties engaged in hunting the ani-
mals indiscriminately, and in traffic with the
natives in ardent spirits and other forbidden
articles. Quarrels had arisen, and the natives
complained that the reckless and unskillful
movements of the new hunters had already
driven the animals from some of their usual
haunts. The captain of the cutter instituted
such measures as he felt authorized to insti-
tute for the maintenance of the peace and the
protection of the animals from indiscriminate
slaughter.
The preservation of these animals, by the
observance of strict regulations in hunting
them, is not only a matter of the highest im-
pel ranee in an economical view, but a matter
of life or death to the natives. Hitherto seals
have been hunted under the supervision of the
UitsM.m company, and exclusively by the na-
tives, who are trained from children to that
occupation, and derive from it their clothing
and subsistence. They have been governed by
exact and stringent rules as to the time of
hunting and the number and kind of seals to
be taken. It is recommended that these rules
be continued by legal enactment, and that the
existing law prohibiting absolutely the killing
of the fur seal and sea otter be repealed, as
starvation of the people would result from its
strict enforcement. The natives (with the ex-
ception of the Indians in the southern part of
the Territory, who are fierce and warlike) are
a gentle, harmless race, easy to govern, but of
great enterprise and daring in the pursuit of
game, many of them passing annually in their
skin canons from the main land and Aleutian
Islands to the islands of St. Paul and St. George,
a distance of about one hundred and fifty miles,
through a strong sea, and returning with the
proceeds of their hunt.
The seals are extremely timid and cautious.
They approach their accustomed grounds each
year with the greatest circumspection, sending
advance parties to reconnoiter, and at once for-
saking places where they are alarmed by
unusual or unwelcome visitors. They have
been in this way driven from point to point,
and have taken refuge in these remote islands,
whence, if they are now driven, they must
resort to the Asiatic coast. There can be no
doubt that, without proper regulations for
hunting, these valuable animals, and the more
valuable but less numerous sea-otters, a very
profitable trade will very soon be entirely
destroyed.
The United States cannot of course admin-
ister such a trade as a Government monopoly,
and the only alternative seems to be to grant
the exclusive privilege of taking these animals
to a responsible company for a series of years,
limiting the number of skins to be taken annu-
ally by stringent provisions. A royalty or tax
might be imposed upon eacli skin taken, and
a revenue be thus secured sufficieqt to pay a
large part of the expenses of the Territory.
Our relations with the Hudson Bay Com-
pany, and the regulation of the transit of mer-
chandise between their interior trading posts
and the sea-coast, by way of Stikine river, will
doubtless require early attention, but at present
the Secretary is not sufficiently advised to offer
any recommendations upon the subject.
The recent political changes in Spain, and
the indications of a more liberal commercial
policy on her part, before the revolution took
place, add force to the remarks and recom-
mendation of the Secretary in his last report
in regard to our commercial relations with that
country. He again strongly recommends the
repeal of the acts of July 13, 1882, and June
30, 1834, so that Spanish vessels may be sub-
ject to our general laws, which are ample to
afford protection against unfriendly Spanish
legislation, and are free from the innumerable
difficulties of administration which exist under
these special enactments.
The Secretary asks attention to the necessity
of more exact and stringent laws respecting the
carriage of passengers, and also of such legis-
lation as shall settle, so far as they can be set-
tled in this manner, some of the vexed questions
arising under steamboat laws.
It is necessary merely to repeat, what has
been at other times stated, in regard to the in-
sufficiency of the tax fund to meet the necessary
expenses of the marine hospitals, notwithstand-
ing the economy which, during the past year,
has reduced the expenditures more than twelve
thousand dollars. It is impossible to ignore
the fact that these hospitals are and must be,
unless the rate of the tax is largely increased,
a constant drain upon the Treasury.
The revenue-cutter service now comprises
twenty-five steamers and seventeen sailing ves-
sels. Of the six steamers 011 the lakes all but
one are at present, agreeably to the views of
