1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
40th Conu....3d Sess.
E&port of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. op Reps.
Congress, out of commission, the Sherman
alone being in active service.
Five of the steamers on the sea-coast are
small tugs, from forty to sixty tons burden, the
utility and efficiency of which at the leading
ports—as substitutes for the ordinary row-
boats on the one hand, and for the light cut-
ters on the other, both in the harbor duties of
inspection and police, and in the prevention
and detection of smuggling—have been so
thoroughly tested by experience that it is
thought they should be employed still mere
extensively than they are now. Upon the
lakes in particular they would be of the great-
est value, and they should be substituted for
the large steamers now there, which should,
with one exception, be said, as they are depre-
ciating in value and are a useless expense.
The exception is the S. P. Chase, which is of
such dimensions that she might be brought to
the sea-coast, where she could be used to
advantage. This would probably be prefer-
able to a sale of her where she lies. The
schooner Black, being old and notfit for further
service, has been sold. The Morris, also, is
about to be disposed of for the same reason.
The steamer Nemaha, stationed at Norfolk,
has been destroyed by accidental fire.
On the Pacific coast are the Wayanda, in
Alaska, and the Lincoln, at San Francisco,
both in excellent condition; the schooner
Reliance, recently ordered to Sitka, is also in
good order. The schooner Lane, at Puget
sound, is old and unfit for the requirements
of that station.
The addition of several thousand miles of
sea-coast, by the purchase of Alaska, renders
the cutter force in the Pacific inadequate for
even the ordinary duties pertaining to the ser-
vice, without regard to the additional demands
upon it for the protection of the fur-bearing
animals. The recommendation heretofore
made that two first-class steamers be built or
purchased for the western coast is therefore
renewed. A steam cutter is also needed for
Charleston, and one for the coast of Texas.
In his report for the year 1866, the Secre-
tary culled the attention of Congress especially
to the condition of the shipping interest of
the United States. In his report of last year
he again referred to it in the following lan-
guage :
" The shipping interest of the United States, to a
great degiee piostrated by the war, has not revived
daring the past year. Our ship-yards are, with rare
exceptions, inactive. Our surplus products arobeing
cbiclly transported to foreign countries in foreign
vessels. The Secretary is still forced to admit, in the
language of his last report, "that with unequaled
facilities for obtaining the materials, and with ac-
knowledged skill in ship-building,with thous&ndsof
miles ot sea-coast, indented with the finest harbors
in the world, with surplus products that require in
their transportation a large and increasing tonnage,
we can neither profitably buildshipsnorsuccessiully
compete with English ships in the transportation of
our own productions.'
"3STo change for the better has taken place since
that report was made. On the contrary, the indica-
tions are that the great ship-building interest of the
eastern and middle States has been steadily declining,
and that consequently the United States is gradually
ceasing to be a. great maritime Power. A return to
speciepaymentswill do much.butwill notbesufficient
to avert this declension and give activity to our ship-
yards. The materialswhieh enterinto theconstrue-
tion of vessels should be relieved from taxation by
means of drawbacks; or if this may be regarded as
impracticable, subsidies might be allowed as aa
offset to_ taxation. If subsidies are objectionable,
then it is recommended that all restrictions upon
the registration of foreign-built vessels be removed,
so that the people of the United States, who cannot
profitably build vessels, may be permitted to pur-
chase thorn in the cheapest market. It is certainly
unwise to retain upon the statute-books a law restrict-
ive upon commerce when it no longer accomplishes
the object for which it was enacted."
What was said by the Secretary in 1866 and
1867 upon this subject is true at the present
time ; and he therefore feels it to be his duty
to repeat his recommendations. The shipping
interest was not only prostrated by the war,
but its continued depression is attributable to
the financial legislation and the high taxes
oonsequent tipon the war. The honor and
the welfare of the country demand its restora-
tion.
Accompanying this report there is a very
accurate and instructive chart, prepared by
Mr. Nimmo, jr., a clerk in this Department,
which presents, in a condensed form, the pro-
gress of ship-buildmg in the United States
from 1817 to 1868.
Since the abrogation of the treaty of June
4,1854, between the United States and Canada,
no favorable opportunity for a reconsideration
of the commercial relations of the two coun-
tries has been presented. Canada has yet to con-
solidate a political confederation with the other
English colonies and possessions on this con-
tinent, and until the hostility of Nova Scotia
to that measure is removed, and the concur-
rence of NorthwestBritish Amerieais secured,
the authorities at Ottawa are in no situation
to make an adequate proposition to the United
States, in exchange for the great concession
of an exceptional tariff, on our northern fron-
tier, in favor of the leading Canadian staples.
On the other hand, until the United States
shall have fully matured a satisfactory system
of duties, external as well as internal, the
Secretary would be indisposed to favor any
special arrangement which would remove any
material branch of the revenue system from
legislative control. Meanwhile a Canadian
policy for the enlargement of the Welland and
St. Lawrence canals to dimensions adequate
to pass vessels of one thousand tons burden
from the upper lakes to the Atlantic, will
doubtless be regarded as indispensable to any
substantial renewal, by treaty or legislation,
of the former arrangement. The discussions
and experience of the last twelve months are
regarded by the Secretary as warranting an
authoritative comparison of views between the
representatives of Great Britain and Canada
and the Government of the United States, and
in that event this Department will cheerfully
contribute, by all appropriate means, to com-
prehensive measures which shall assimilate the
revenue systems of the respective countries,
make their markets mutually available, and
for all commercial or social purposes render
the frontier as nearly an imaginary line as
possible. There certainly seems no just rea-
son why all the communities on the American
continent might not imitate the example of
the Zollverien of the German States.
The progress of the Coast Survey has been
satisfactory and commensurate with the appro-
priations, as will be seen from the annual report
of the Superintendent of that work. During
the past year surveys have been in progress in
the following localities, named in geographical
order, namely: on the coast of Maine, in Penob
scot bay and on the islands lying within its
entrance; on the shores of St. George's and
Medoniak rivers; in Muscougus bay: on the
estuaries of Quolog bay, and in the vicinity of
Portland ; completing all the in shore work be-
tween the Penobscot and Cape Elizabeth ; in
Massachusetts, between B,unstable and Mono
may, completing the suivey of Cape Cod; m
Rhode Island, on the western part of Narra-
gansett bay ; in New York, at Rondout and in
the Bay of New York ; in New Jersey, on the
coast near the head of Barnegat bay; in Mary-
land and Virginia, on the Potomac river and the
southern part of Chesapeake bay ; in North
Carolina, in Pamlico sound and on its western
shore, including Neuse and Bay rivers, and off
the coast north of Hatteras ; in South Caro-
lina, on the estuaries of Port Royal sound ; in
Georgia, on St. Catherine's, Doboy, and St.
Andrew's sounds : in the Florida straits and in
the bay between the keys and main shore of
Florida ; on the coast between Pensacola and
Mobile entrances ; at the passes of the Missis-
sippi, and in Galveston, Matagorda and Corpus
Christi bays, on the coast of Texas; in Cali-
fornia surveying parties have been'at. work on
the coast between Buenaventuraand Santa Bar-
bara, at Point Sal, and on the peninsula of San
Francisco: in Oregon,on Yaquinna bay, Colum-
bia and Uehaleur rivers ; in Washington terri-
tory, on Fuca straits and in Puget sound.
In the Coast Survey Office forty-eight charts
have been entirely or partially engraved during
theyear, of which nineteen have been published.
Regular observations of the tides at seven prin-
cipal stations have been kept up, and tide tables
for all parts of the United Statesforthe ensuing
year have been published. A new edition of
the Directory or Coast Pilot for the western
coast has been prepared, and a preliminary
guide for the navigation of the northwestern
coast has been compiled.
This brief glance at the operations of the
Coast Survey during the past year shows the
great scope of that work, which has justly
earned a large measure of public favor. Its
importance to the commerce and navigation
of the country are now well understood, nor
can its incidental contributions to science fail
to be appreciated by the representatives of the
people. The work should be pressed steadily
forward, with means sufficient for the most
effective working of the existing organization,
so that it may embrace, at no distant period,
the whole of our extended coast line within its
operations, including the principal harbors in
our newly-acquired territory of Alaska.
The report of the Light-House Board is, as
usual, an interesting one. No bureau of the
Treasury Department is conducted wi h more
ability or with a more strict regard to the public
interests than this.
In view of the extension of the light-house
system, consequent upon the increase of the
commerce of the country and ttie acquisition
ofsea coastterritory, itis respectfully submitted
that some authoritative definition of the limit
to which aids to navigation shall be extended
by the General Government should be estab-
lished.
It may well be doubted whether the General
Government should be called upon to do more
than to thoroughly provide the sea and lake
coasts with lights of high order, both station-
ary and floating, and so to place lights of in-
ferior order as to enable vessels to reach secure
anchorages at any season of the year.
The act of Congress, approved August 31,
1852, establishing the Light-House Board,
directs that the coasts of the United States
shall be divided into twelve districts. It is
recommended that authority be given to in-
crease the number of districts to fourteen.
The business of the bureau would be facili-
tated if Congress should confer the franking
privilege upon the Light-House Board in the
same manner and upon the same terms as it is
now exercised by the several bureaus of the
Treasury Department.
The attention of Congress is called to the
annual report of the Director of the Mint,
which contains the usual statistics of the coin-
age of the country, and various suggestions
and recommendations which are worthy of
consideration.
The total value of the bullion deposited at
the Mint and branches during the fiscal year
was $27,166,318 70, of which $25.472.894 82
was in gold, and SI,093,423 88 in silver. De-
ducting the redeposit, the amount of actual
deposit was $24,591,325 84.
The coinage for the year was : in gold coin,
$18,114,425: gold bars, $6,026,810 06; silver
coin, $1,136,750; silver bars, $456,236 40;
nickel, copper, and bronze coinage, (one, two,
three, and five cent pieces,) $1,713,385; total
coinage, $20,964,560; total bars stamped,
$6,483,046 54.
The gold deposits of domestic production
were: at Philadelphia, $1,300,338 ?>3 ; at San
Francisco, $14,850,117 84; at New York,
$5,409,996 55; at Denver, $357,935 11. The
silver deposits were: at Philadelphia, $67,-
700 70; at Sail Francisco. $651,239 05 ; at
New York, $262,312 96; atDenver, $5,082 07.
The gold and silver deposits of foreign pro-
