1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
itm
whole people. There is this alternativeand no other;
ponder it well, equalized taxation or repudiation."
Blaine vs. Butler. Good faith with Blaine
is gold for bonds, principal and interest', and no
taxation. Butler says taxation or repudiation.
Which is orthodox. Which has the election of
General Grant settled, I would'ask the gentle-
man from Mai,ne? It will be observed that
General B utler recognizes the right and power
of the people to relieve themselves from op-
pression by repudiation in a contingency. Mr.
Blaise says that contingency is upon us by
tfie election of General Grant It follows
then, if General Butler, be right in his state-
ment of alternatives, that repudiation is inev-
itable. It would not bo fair or just to.argue
that General Butler was in favor of repudi-
ation.a priori simply because he reasons to a
fact and states his conclusions upon his predi-
cate of them, any more than it would be to
call me a repudiator when I say, with General
Buteer, you cannot resume Specie paymefits,
because you have not got the coin ; that you
should pay all your debt or noBe; that you
should not recognize the principle of repudi-
ation by repudiating any part of your debt and
then in horror cry out repudiator, because
I tell you plainly with your policy you can
never pay your debt at all. You will be com-
pelled to pay such of your bonds as have gone
abroad and are owned by foreigners, and your
policy of paying gold is well calculated to in-
vite all your bonds in that direction because
of the profits of investment in them.
But rny friend goes too fast when he assumes
that the election of General Grant settles the
question of, paying our bonds according to the
" letter and spirit of the contract," or in other
words, as we know he understands it and in-
tended us to understand him. If he will but
take the trouble to consult the sentiment of
some of his party friends whose standing in the
party is not less respectable than his own he
will find that some of them hold very different
views. The late Thad. Stevens, on the 17th
July last, spoke on this floor as follows;
. "X want to say that if this loan was to be paid
according to tho intimation of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr, Ross :1 if I knew that any party in this
oonntry would go for paying in coin that which is
payable.in money, thus enhancing it one half; if I
knew there was such a platform and such a determ-
ination this day on the part of any party, I would
vote for the other side, Frank Blair and all. I would
vote lor no sqch swindle upon the tax-payers of this
country. I would vote for no such speculation in
favor of the large bondholders, the mercenaries who
took advantage of our folly in granting thom coin
payment of interest. And! declare—well, itis hard
to say it—but if even Frank Blair stood upon the
platform of paying the bonds according to the eon-
tract and the Republican party stood upon the plat-
form of paying b!oa.ted speculators twice theamount
we agreed to pay them, then I would vote for Frank
Blair even if a worse man than Seymour headed the
ticket. That is all I want to say."
I assert, first, that you cannot resume specie
payments, in my judgment, now or at any
future time, with your policy ; second, that you
will never pay the debt you owe with your
polity; third, that it. will be an entailment
upon our posterity which they in time must
and will repudiate in self-defense, having no
such party lash as good faith, sacredness of
debt, &c. When the speeches of our Repub-
lican friends in Congress and elsewhere are
examined we not uufrequently find the idea
conveyed, if not the statement, that we are
indebted to the negro for our victory rather
than the white man; and few Republican
speakers on this floor have failed at some time
to indulge in extravagant eulogies of the fight-
ing qualities of the negro at the expense of the
white, and in magnifying their importance as
soldiers in our armies. If the means taken by
the strong hand of the Government alike from
loyal and disloyal were so efficacious in put-
ting down the rebellion—nay if, as has been
argued, were indispensable to it—how much
more sacred the claim for consideration created
thus than for a few paltry dollars! Soldiers
were indispensable to fill your armies; we of
Kentucky, Missouri, and Maryland had them.;
you took them by force and encouragpd them
to leave their homes, and iu many instances
paid large subsidies to the negro as substitutes i
for some northern drafted feather-bed soldier,
who snuffed the battle afar off; and now with
his cohorts of peace soldiers during the war,
but of belligerent proclivities ip peace, they
fight over the battles of the war, and become
such doughty knights that even Bombastes Fu-
rioso would lower his plume and bow humbly
at the feet of prowess anil valor so wonderful.
Mr. Chairman, 1 take it, then, that my friend
from Maine has failed iu every particular to
show.that the election of General Grant has
established any point made by him, and least
of all, the great financial question that now
shakes this whole .country. He. may shout
good faith in the interest of the bondholder and
claim as a foregone conclusion that the elec-
tion of a Republican President settles the pay-
ment of principal and interest of our five-twen-
ties in gold until his notes are as hoarse as the
raven; he will find that the men who labor
and toil and constitute t}ie industry of the
country cannot see it in that light; andthe sol-
diers, who furnished the material of the war,
and who returned maimed and disfigured for
life, or with their lives and ruined health, or in
poverty, will grow.tired of the recognition of
a principle, which binds them to poverty in
order to pay more fortunate men who hold
bonds, and if taunted with a want of faith can
proudly point to four long years of service, and
challenge the lordly bondholder to compare
notes and records with them. Methinks I
hear one defiantly answering the challenge,
and here he is: What have you done for your
country in her dark hour of war? I lived in
the State of Maine wheu the war broke out;
I hated every secessionist; I spoke against
them ; I abused them soundly ; I threatened
vengeance and death to the rebels; the war
raged in all its fury and the cry of death and
blood washeard on all sides, and it was doubt-
ful which side would win ; I began to have
some respect for Davis, some admiration for
General tee, and some considerable fear of
that thunderbolt of war, Stonewall Jackson,
and I became a little more quiet; a draft came
in my State, and, horror of horrors, my name,
with many of my neighbors, was drawn ; we
got together and consulted what to do for the
best so as to keep out of the range of shot and
balls; it was finally agreed that I should go to
Kentucky to hire substitutes for some ten or
fifteen of us; I went and got Colonel ,
who was from our State also and stationed in
Kentucky near , to send out a squad of
colored recruits to go into several counties and
press every able-bodied colored man that could
be found until our substitutes were found or
obtained, which he did for and in consid-
eration of $100 each to him in hand paid.
When I saw the men I selected, sound an d
able-bodied ones, by stripping and examin-
ing them carefully after agreeing to pay them
$400 each, with one exception. I found one
who seemed to be a leader among thera, and
very strong and hardy. He I selected for my
own substitute, and agreed to advance him
$100 extra at once on condition that he would
keep the others all true. This is no fancy
sketch. I learned afterward from some of our
boys thatthis fellow was shot through the head
with a two-ounce mimiie-ball and fell dead at
the fight at Nashville. So you see I was con-
structively killed for my country. I returned
home, sold out everything I had and invested
in United States bonds at a heavy discount,
say forty to fifty cents on the dollar, being the
value then. I have now about $50,000 worth
of bonds drawing me a semi-annual gold in-
terest. I then went down South after peace
was declared, and the Federal soldiery made
it healthy to be there, and after a good deal of
good, money pickings in the way of cotton
bonuses, speechifying, &c., I got myself elected
to Congress, and I tell you a man who has
made all of those sacrifices for the Union is
entitled to some consideration at the hands of
his Government, and for her to repudiate my
bonds, or their payment in gold would be an
infamy and want of good faith that would for-
ever datmi her in the estimation of all mankind,'
and especially myself." Methinks I see a tall
Indiana Republican who is being addressed,
very quaintly, scratch his head, give his quid
of tobacco another motioa, then turning on his
heel and walking off with some language, I do
not now remember, say "You audyour t>on$s
may go to for me, .When I vote to tax:
my comrades in arms for the benefit of such
creatures as you may I become palsied..
My friend, in his fourth division of hissubjecst,
says further: ' " With the election of General
Grant comes, a higher standard of American
citizenship." What does this mean? A higher
standard of American citizepship! Does he
mean the white man is to be elevated t.o a higher
standard because of the acquisition of negro
voters ? I suppose he does, as he regards itj
his argumentthia election of General Grant as
securing negro suffrage throughout the United
States. Now, I submit to the white pitizens
and voters of the country, as well as the men
who for four Jong years submitted to the dan-
gers and deprivations, the fatigue and suffering
of war for tho preservation of the Union, if
they are thus to be snubbed by one of the
leaders of the Republican party and their hard-
won laurels to be snatched from their brow to
decorate that of the negro and the loving ad-
mirers of this new citizenship. There can be
no mistake from this corollary of the.gentle-
man's argument. He does not say a higher
standard of statesman or statesmanship, but a
higher standard of citizenship. Inasmuch as
the negro alone is to be superadded to the
list of citizenship, and our whit? citizens are
the same, it follows as a consequence that the
author of this statement assumes that the white
race is to be improved and elevated by,the
negroes, and that the negro being of a higher
standard of man, then the white citizenship of
the United States is to bo improved by more
intimate and equal relations. Whether my
friend meant to say the improvement consisted
in the mere association, or in his new-grown
zeal and love for the negro, he meant to advo-
cate the doctrine of miscegenation, and in sup-
port of his position means to give this as the
reason for the statement, I cannot tell; but it
is certainly the more logical sequence, as for
instance: in both the animal and vegetable
kingdoms we advance the standard and improve
the breed or kind by,a judicious admixture or
cross, selecting both male and female, with
reference to certain qualities, size, form, spirit,
comeliness, and even scent, in the vegetable
world.
I will not say that rny friend did really have
in his mind's eye the idea of improving the
"standard of citizenship" by the improved
scent this propagation is to have upon the white
race ; but as that is the only possible improve-
ment from such association I commend both
his taste and his scent to those of the Cauca-
sian race whose political and personal idiosyn-
cracies sympathize with these sentiments, and
to all of the descendants of Ham who are am-
bitious of improving the standard of American
citizenship by a process so novel and delect-
able. Our friend goes even further than this,
and assumes that '' our diplomacy will be res-
cued from the subservient tone," &c., and that
Europe will even wonder, admire, and fear us,
all because we will by the election of-General
Grant and the addition of a million negro voters
improve the diplomacy of our country. Heaveu
defend us from such improvement! Was ever
fanaticism so wild? Can the honest Repub-
licans of the land who advocate the universal
suffrage of the negro race be made to adopt a
theory so fantastic and wild ? Will not his own
self-respect make his gorge rise at a proposi-
tion so monstrous? Is he willing for the sake
of party to sacrifice not only all the laurels won
by our common country for nearly a century,
but to ignore the white soldiery in the recent
war of the rebellion and sacrifice even his race
to the African in violation of the laws of God,
for God has made the colored race inferior to
the white? 1 tell you, Mr. Chairman, and I
proclaim it to the Representatives on this floor,
this thing will one ot these days have an end.
