20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
duction were $1,686,602 35. The amount of
gold coined at Philadelphia was $3,864,425;
at San Francisco, $14,979,558 52; of silver,
at Philadelphia, $314,750; at San Francisco,
$822,000; of nickel, copper, and bronze, at
Philadelphia, $1,713,385. Total number of
pieces struck, 49,735,840.
The branch mint at Denver has never coined
money, and its expenses are entirely out of
proportion to its business. The law under
which it was organized should be repealed, and
the institution reorganized as an assay office.
During the past year thff branch mint build-
ing at Carson City, Nevada, has been com-
pleted, and the necessary machinery and fix-
tures have been forwarded. It will be ready
for work early next season.
The Mint at Philadelphia and the branch
mint at San Francisco have the confidence of
the people and of the Government, and when
the new mint building in San Francisco is
erected these mints will be of ample capacity
to supply coinage for the whole country. The
business of coinage requires large and ex-
pensive establishments, under charge of men
of science and of undoubted integrity; and
such can be successfully maintained only at
commercial centers, where bullion of different
degrees of fineness is continually offered for
manipulation. The establishment of additional
branch mints is, therefore, unnecessary, and
would be injudicious.
The entire deposits at the branch mint in
San Francisco were formerly in unparted bul-
lion ; now nearly two thirds of the amount is
deposited in bars, refined by private establish-
ments. The law requires that the parting
charge shall equal the actual cost of the pro-
cess ; but the experience of the past four years
shows that not less than $30,000 annually may
be saved to the Government by discontinuing
the business of refinitjg upon the Pacific coast;
and it is, therefore, recommended that the
Secretary be authorized to exchange the un-
parted bullion deposited at the mint for refined
bars whenever in his opinion it may be for the
public interest to do so.
_ It is also recommended that authority be
given for the redemption of the one and two
cent pieces by the Treasurer, under such rules
and regulations as may be prescribed by the
Department.
On the 1st day of April last Mr. R. W. Ray-
mond was appointed commissioner of mining
statistics, in place of Mr. J. Ross Browne, now
commissioner to China.
Mr. Raymond was instructed to continue
the work so ably commenced by his predeces-
sor, and his report will show with what dili-
gence and ability lie is performing the duties
assigned to him. The Secretary invites the
attention of Congress to this report, and asks
for the recommendations which it contains due
consideration.
The following extract from the Secretary's
report of 1867 presents, in language which he
cannot make more explicit, his present views:
" Tho Secretary respectfully recommends the reor-
ganization of the accounting offices of the Treasury
Department, so as to place this branch of the public
service under one responsible head, according to what
seems to have been designed in the original organ-
ization of the Department, and followed until the
increase of business led to the creation of the office
ot Second Comptroller, and subsequently to that of
Commissioner of Customs. There are now three offi-
cers controlling the settlement of accounts, each in-
dependent of the others, and, as a consequence, the
rules and decisions are not uniform where the same
or like questions arise. In the iudgment of the Sec-
retary the concentration of the accounting-offices
under one head would secure groa.ter efficiency, as
well as greater uniformity of practice, than can be
expected under a divided supervision, Itis believed,
a lso, that it would be advantageous to relieve the
Commissioner of Customs of the duty of settling ac-
counts, and to confine his labors to the supervision
ol the revenue from customs, now sufficiently large
to demand his whole time. It is therefore recom-
^ i! that the office of Chief Comptroller be cre-
ated, having general supervision of the accounting
officeis and appellate jurisdiction from their decis-
ions) to which should be transferred the duty of ex-
aiming and countersigning warrants on the Treas-
ury, and of collecting debts due tho Government,
now constituting a part of the duties of the First
Comptroller; and that the adjustment of accounts
pertaining to the customs be restored to the latter
office.
"The Secretary also renews tho recommendation
contained in his last annual report, of a reorganiza-
tion of the bureaus of the Department, and most re-
spectfully and earnestly solicits for it the favorable
action of Congress. The compensation now paid is
inadequate to the services performed, and simple
justice to gentlemen of ability and character ofthose
employed in the Department, requires a liberal ad-
dition to their presentcompensation. Since the rates
of compensation now allowed were established, the
duties, labors, and responsibilities of the bureaus
have been largely increased, and the necessary ex-
penses of living in Washington have been more than
doubled."
The Secretary also again recommends that
a change be made in regard to the adjustment
and settlement of accounts in the office of the
Third Auditor ; that a period be fixed within
which war claims shall be presented, and that
measures be adopted to perpetuate testimony
in cases of claims that are disallowed.
The able report of the Treasurer gives a de-
tailed account of the operations of the Treas-
ury during the last fiscal year, and contains
many valuable suggestions for the considera-
tion of Congress.
The report of the supervising architect gives
full and detailed accounts of the progress that
has been made in the construction of public
buildings.
The reports of the heads of all the respective
bureaus will be found to be of unusual inter-
est, containing, as they do, accurate informa-
tion in regard to the affairs of the Government
in this interesting period of its history.
Mr. S. M. Clark having resigned the office
of superintendent of the Bureau of Engraving
and Printing, Mr. G. B. McCartee has been
placed temporarily in charge of it. As the
past management and present condition of this
bureau are now under investigation by the
joint Committee on Retrenchment and Reform,
the Secretary feels at liberty only to say, at
this time, that, from the examinations which
he has caused to be made by officers and clerks
of this Department, he feels justified in re-
marking that the reports which have been at
various times put in circulation in regard to
overissues of notes or securities, and of dis-
honesty in the administration of the bureau,
are unfounded.
A systematic effort is being made to reduce
the expenses of the administration of the cus-
toms service, and with considerable success.
The process is necessarily slow and beset with
difficulties; but material reduction has been
already made, and still greater is in progress.
During the war the business of the Treas-
ury Department was so largely and rapidly in-
creased, and so many inexperienced men were
necessarily employed, that perfect order and
system could not be enforced. Many accounts
were unsettled, and some branches of business
had fallen into confusion. Much attention has
been given by the Secretary "to straightening
up" the affairs of the Department. He is now
gratified in being able to say that order and
sysfem have been introduced where they were
foundto be needed; that the bureaus are in good
working order; and that the "machinery" of
the Department is in as satisfactory condition
as perhaps it can be under existing laws. The
result of the examinations which lie has caused
to be made has excited his admiration of the
wisdom displayed by Mr. Hamilton in the sys-
tem of accounting which he introduced, and
most favorably impressed him with the value
of the services of the men who, poorly paid,
and little known beyond the walls of the Treas-
ury building, have for years conducted, with
unfaltering fidelity, the details of a business
larger and more complicated than was ever
devolved upon a single Department by any
Government in the world.
In concluding this communication it may
not be inappropriate for the Secretary, in a
few brief words, to review some points in the
general policy of the administration of the
Treasury for the past four years.
The following statement—published in the
last Treasury report—exhibits the condition
of the Treasury on the 1st of April, 1865 :
Bunded debt .".$1,100,361,241 80
Matured debt   349,420 09
Temporory loan certificates  52,452,328 29
Certificates of indebtedness  171,790,000 00
Interest-bearing notes  526,812.800 00
Suspended or unpaid requisitions  114,256,548 93
united States notes, legal tenders  433,160,569 00
fractional currency    24,254,094 07
2,423,437,002 18
Cash in the Treasury  56,481,924 84
Total $2,366,955,077 34
By this statement it appears that, with
$56,481,924 84 in the Treasury, there were
requisitions waiting for payment (the delay in
the payment of which was greatly discred-
iting the Government) to the amount of
$114,256,548 93; that there were $52,452,328 29
of temporary loan certificates liable to be pre-
sented in from ten to thirty days' notice, and
$171,790,000 of certificates of indebtedness
which had been issued to contractors for want
of the money to pay the requisitions in their
favor, and which were maturing daily. At the
same time the efforts to negotiate securities
were not being attended with the usual success,
while the expenses of the war were not less
than $2,000,000 per day. The vouchers issued
to contractors for the necessary supplies of the
Army and Navy—payable one half in certifi-
cates of indebtedness and the other half in
money—were being sold at a discount of from
ten to twenty per cent., indicating by their
depreciation how low was the credit of the
Government and how uncertain was the time
of payment.
The fall of Richmond and the surrender of
the army of Virginia under General Lee
(which virtually closed the war) had not the
effect of relieving the Treasury. On the con-
trary, its embarrassments were increased
thereby, inasmuch as it seemed to leave the
Government without excuse for not paying its
debts, at the same time that popular appeals
for subscriptions to the public loans were
divested of much of their strength. As long
as the Government was in danger by the con-
tinuation of hostilities the patriotism of the
people could be successfully appealed to for
the purpose of raising money and sustaining
the public credit, without which the war could
not be vigorously prosecuted. When hostili-
ties ceased, and the safety and unity of the
Government were assured, self-interest became
again the controlling power. It will be remem-
bered that it was then generally supposed that
the country was already fully supplied with
securities, and that there was also throughout
the Union a prevailing apprehension that finan-
cial disaster would speedily follow the term-
ination of the war. The greatness of the
emergency gave the Secretary no time to try
experiments for borrowing on a new security of
long time and lower interest, and removed from
his mind all doubts or hesitation in regard to
the course to be pursued. It was estimated
that at least $700,000,000 should be raised, in
addition to the revenue receipts, for the pay-
ment of the requisitions alreadydrawn and those
that must soon follow—preparatory to the dis-
bandment of the great tJnion Army—-and of
other demands upon the Treasury. The anx-
ious inquiries then were, by what means cam
this large amount of money be raised? and not
what will be the cost of raising it. How can
the soldiers be paid and the Army be disbanded,,
so that the extraordinary expenses of the War
Department may be stopped? and not what rate
of interest shall be paid for the money. These
were the inquiries pressed upon the Secretary.
He answered them by calling to his aid the
well-tried agent who had been employed by his
immediate predecessors, and by offering the
seven-and-three-tenth notes—the most popular
