im
THE 00:NeEiSSW'NAL:' &LOM
Februarf lS,f
Justice and common sense, I had almost said
common decency, will one of these days pre-
vail, and.all such1 monstrous' teachings be
scouted witli contempt and contumely that,
mrist and will overwhelm its propagandists.
Men cannot always.be mad. Elections and
p'ublie'sentiment cannot always bei controlled
by partisans whose stock consists" mostly >n
fighti rig over the battles of the late war and in
yioleiit and antt-Christian' appeals to the'bad
passion's and prejudices of the. peorite:_
My friend felicitates himself anil his party
tliat "'t he approaching census' of 1870 will dis-
close the fact that the,ten rebel States, viewed
as" one compact power, will no longer have suf-
fibeirtstrertgth to offer temptation to the Dem-
ocratic party of the North to sacrifice its loy-
iffty and-its pride'for the profit of an alliance
itfith them and that " the election of 1868 is
the lastin which t he late'r'ebellious section, even
if it could be wholly controlled by rebels, will
haire sufficient. power to make it the object of
hope or fear," &c.
The disfranchisement of the whites in the
ten soutHerti States and in Tennessee.and Mis-
souri cahhot tastal#ays, and rio one knows bet-
ter thati my friend that when all are thus en-
franchised, includirig'the negro, nothing is more'
certa-m thati that theSe twelve States wiligoover-
wh't?1'mlt%ly against liis- party; "hence the; alarm
<3ftWpar!yfrrenUs and their opfiOsitifcm when-
ever any proposition is matte looiti ng Wuniversal"
amnesty anduniversalsnlfrage. A distinguished
Republican Representative now on this floor
expressed to me the opinion, within a few days,
that Missouri won Id go seventy thousand for
Democracy with all the whites enfranchised.
Tennessee, I am confident, will go by as many ;
then add to these twelve States Kentucky, West
Virginia, Maryland, New Jersey, Connecticut,
New York, and Delaware; then consider the
close race 111 other States at the' late i'all elec-
tions, and I submit that the Democrats of the
North will see, feel, and know that they hold
the power in their own hands, and spurn, and
scorn, and spit upon all such imputations as
herein made of "sacrificingits loyalty and its
pride for the- profit of an alliance with them,"
as charged by the gentleman.
Mr. Chairman, itseemstomewholly unprofit-
able to go over the grounds of the late presi-
dential canvass, and to discuss the errors or
folly of the one or the other party, either in
their platforms or their' candidates, or even in
the manner of conducting the canvass, and I
shall not now be guilty of such act of superer-
ogation ; nor shall I speak of the amount of
frauds or money used by the one or the other
party; but in view of all these things, the fall
elections of 1808 showed a contest so close and
makes the popular result ofthe election so uncer-
tain that it were folly in the accidental victor
to crow over the result. High over and above
all these things stands preeminent the fact of
General Grant's great popularity, to which
alone the Republican party are indebted for
their seeming party triumph. The Democracy
in this contest were overwhelmed by that fact,
and as loyal, peaceful, and law-abiding Citizens
they yield gracefully to the fiat of themajority
of the American people; nay, they even look
with hope and confidenceupon the election of
General Grant, and offer him a generous sup-
port, in all proper measures to relieve the
country and preserve the Union of our fathers,
with the Constitution, their great legacy, pre-
served. I yield to no one in a proper admira-
tion' and- appreciation of General Grant as a
military hero and as a man of great kindness
and generosity of sentiment, but I must confess-
to a want of that'confidence expressed by many
ot our Democratic friends in what General
Grant will do. While I am prepared to approve
any good thmj -he may do, and to laud even to
t he echo anything great from him, I yet feel
that, reasoning fro m-a-prineiple of human nature
and precedent, I am prepared to Expect from
him only an unqualified-approval and coBpera-
tion with'the past, present, atwf future acts of
the party claiming him as their-candidate.
in mv judgment he has no power to do the
good'that some o,f our'ffi'&ids hdpe'for.' if tie'
had the will. He will not be ambitious to
attempt the role of Andrew Johnsort, after the
terrible failure which has attended that man's
honest and patriotic sacrifices that bis country
migtit be restored to peace, happiness, and
prosperity ti'nder'the Constitution and'Govern-
rnent of our fathers. Whe,n tiiriean'd events
prove this opinion wrong ' 1 will bow to the
result and confess thy error. And now, in
conclusion, let rtie'SSy to the Democratic party,
bide ^out time, stand to your guns, contest
every inch of ground' in defense of liberty and
law, denounce all legislation at war with the
Constitution; and if it be the will of Provi-
dence that you have to go down before- tire
centralizing despotism now menacing our re-
publican institutions, let the genius'.of liberty
inspire your hearts, and let your last rallying
cry be for the restoration of the Constitution
of our fathers, and amid the expiring embers
of our Republic generous hope and prayer,
still lingering, shall long for the day when*
"truth shall be omnipotent and public justice
certain," and the policy ofthe party who seek
the centralization and despotism of our Gov-
ernment by a radical change' of it shall yet go
down before the blaze of an awakened public
indignation, and our common country will be
Redeemed from the political Goths and Van-
dals who now batten oh her heart's best blood
that party and individuals may be perpetuated
in power' at the expense of her* very existence.
I f all shall fail, and it is our destiny to go down
like the republics of the past by our Own mad-
ness and folly, let us make the fast stand under
the Constitution of our father's; that failing,
we will wrap around us politically the flag of
a once happy, free people, and seek the last
intrenchment of liberty for graves.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, addressed the com-
mittee. [See Appendix. J
COUNTING THE ELECTORAL -VOTES.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Chaiwnan, I agree
with the gentleman from Massachusetts who
has just addressed the committee [Mr. Bout-
well] that the questions which the resolution
of his colleague [Mr. Butler] of Wednesday
last indirectly brought before the House and
into the discussion can hardly be overestimated
in their importance to our national future. The
substitution ofoneExecutiveforanother, which
our system of government requires to be done
so frequently, must always be a dangerous opera-
tion unless the mass of the community believe'
it to be done fairly and in conformity with pre-
existing laws. Hence the necessity of foreseeing
every possible question that may arise upon
which there may be honest difference of opiniou
and providing for its settlement beforehand by
legislative enactment or by constitutional pro-
vision.
If the right of a State to have its electoral
votes counted at any election should be a ques-
tion upon which the thinking men of the coun-
try are nearly equally divided, if the counting
of those votes should elect one candidate and
throwing them out another, then to leave that
question unsettled until the counting of the
votes is to invite—more than that—it is to pro-
duce civil war. This case has not happened
within the three quarters of a century of our
national existence. It may never happen. But
we incur the risk of it once in four years, and
prudence requires us properly to appreciate
the danger and to guard against it if possible.
I have purposely limited my view of the
danger to the case of an honest difference of
opinion. I have no fear that the dominant
party in the Government will ever", without at
least a show of reason, throw out the electoral
votes of sufficient States to elect a favorite can-
didate. Such a proceeding would be treated
as a nullity by the people, and so few tfould
be found to uphold it that even a resort to
force would be unnecessary. Civil wars are
always upon debatable questions. Whatever
selfish motives the leaders may havei the masses
of the people upon each side honestly believe
their cause just. Our re'eent' civil wat- wag not
an exception to ttijs; If the Sfates are sot-'
ereign and the Union a mere agency for the
performance of certain licpited. functions, the.
South had a right to secede at any time"; and
this doctrine was the teaching of the dominant
party of the country for more ihan half a cen-
tury. I shall, therefore, limit myself to such
questions as may fairly divide the community
in,opinion, and shall inquire what they are and
what means the Constitution has,placed in our
hands for providing a mode of settling them'
before the -time of counting the votes, and in a
manner to be acquiesced in by the people:
The questions naturally divide themselves
into two c'asses ; first, those which touch the
right of the alleged State to cast an electoral
vote at all; and second, those which affect the,
legality of the proceeding which furnishes the
certificate of the alleged electoral votes.
The provisions of the Constitution are :
"Each State shall appoint, in.sueh m pner astha
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to which theState may be entitled in Con-
gress. The electors shall meet in their respective
States and vote by ballot for President and Vice
President, one of whom at least shall not be an in-
habitant of the same State with themselves. They
shall name in their ballots the person voted lor as
President and in distinct ballots the person voted
for as Vice President; and they shall make distinct
lists of all persons voted for as President and of ail
persons voted for as Vice President, and of the num-
ber of votes for each; which lists they shall sign and
certify and transmit sealed to the seat of Govern-
ment of the United States, directed to the President
ofthe Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in
the presence of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, open all the certificates, and thervotes shall
then be counted,"
It is apparent that there is much left here
for legislation. In the first place, what is or is
not a'State is not determined by the Constitu-
tion either in the clause quoted or anywhere
else. Every State is entitled to its electors,
and the question what is a State meets us at
the very threshold of our inquiries, with the
question who shall decide it. The case of
Luther vs. Borden (7 Howard, 1) furnishes an
answer to both these questions. It is there
held that the former question is a political and
not a judicial one. It is a question which per-
tains to the enacting of laws, not to the ex-
poundingof them ; that is to say, the status of a
State is fixed by legislation. That, therefore,
is a Statewjiich Congress admits and recognizes
as such by law, and it would seem to follow
logically that a State once recognized by law
must retain its status until the law is changed.
In the recent case we refused to decide,
whether Georgia is or is not a State, but by
concurrent resolution declared in effect that
inasmuch as her vote could not change the re-
sult it should neither be counted nor rejected,
but simply stated. In doing so we followed
the precedent set in 1821, and repeated in 1833.
It is much to be regretted that such precedent
was ever established. It would have been
better to meet the question in the case of Mis-
souri in 1821 boldly, aad give it a legislative
decision. Such questions are liable to be pre-
sented at every presidential election, and we
do not know how soon the settlement of one
of them may turn the scale in favor of a par-
ticular candidate. When such a question will
not affect the result it is much more likely to
be determined justly, without party prejudice
or partiality than when it is vital. Every such
settlement affords a precedent for future sim-
ilar cases, and many such will familiarize the
people with the principles upon which they are
determined; and when a case shall arise in
which the decision shall affect the result, it
vlrill be much more readily acquiesced m by
the 'losing: party if it follows a line of former
precedents.
Setootidly, granting the existence of the State,
the eltectors are to be appointed in the man-
ner directed by its Legislature. They may be
named directly by the Legislature, or they may
be elected by the people uader State laws. The
latter plan is now almost universal. Here
an important question arises. By whom and
in what manner are contested elections of elect-
ors to be determined? By Congress? I have
