1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the 'Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. oi? Reps.
loan ever offered to the people—in every city
and village, and by securing the advocacy of
the press throughout, the length and breadth
of the land. In less than four months from
the time the work of obtaining subscriptions
was actively commenced the Treasury was iri a
condition to meet every demand upon it.
But while the Treasury was thus relieved the
character of the debt was by no means satis-
factory. On the 1st day of September it con-
sisted of the following items:
Funded debt $1,109,568,191 80
Matured debt   1,503,020 09
Temporary loan  107,148,713 16
Certificates of indebtedness  85,093,000 00
Five per cent, legal-tender notes  33,954,230 00
Comp'd.-interest legal-tender notes... 217,024,160 00
Seven-thirty notes  830,000,000 00
United States notes, legaltenders  433,160,569 00
Fractional currency   26,344,742 51
Suspended requisitions uncalled for... 2,111,000 00
Total  2,845.907,626 56
Deduct cash in Treasury  88,218,055 13
Balance $2,757,689,571 43
From this statement it will be perceived that
$1,276,834,123 25 of the public debt consisted
of various forms of temporary securities;
$433,160,569 of United States notes—the ex-
cess of which over $400,000,000 having been
put into circulation in payment of temporary
loans—and $26,344,742 of fractional currency.
Portions of this temporary debt were matur-
ing daily, and all of it, including $18,415,000
of the funded debt, was to be provided for
within a period of three years. The seven-
thirty notes were, by law and the terms of the
loan, convertible at maturity at the will of the
holder, into five-twenty bonds, or payable like
the rest of these temporary obligations in law-
ful money.
It was of course necessary to make provision
for the daily maturing debt, and also for taking
up, from time to time, such portions of it as
could be advantageously converted into bonds,
or paid in currency, before maturity, for the
purpose of avoiding the necessity of accumu-
lating large sums of money, and of relieving
the Treasury from the danger it would be ex-
posed to if a very considerable portion of the
debt were permitted to mature, with no other
means for paying it than that afforded by sales
of bonds, in a market too uncertain to be con-
fidently relied upon in an emergency. In addi-
tion to the temporary loan, payment of which
could be demanded on so short a notice as to
make it virtually a debt payable on demand—
the certificates of indebtedness, which were
maturing at the rate of from fifteen to twenty
millions per month, the five per cent, notes
which matured in January following, and the
compound-interest notes, which were payable
at various times within a period of three years
—there were $830,000,000 of seven-thirty notes
which would become due as follows, namely:
August 15,1867 $300,000,000
June 15,1868  300,000,000
July 15,1868  230,000,000
As the option of conversion was with the
holders of these notes, it depended upon the
condition of the market whether they would
be presented for payment in lawful money or
to be exchanged for bonds. No prudent man
intrusted with the care of the nation's interest
and credit would permit two or three hundred
millions of debt to mature without making
provision for its payment; nor would he, if it
could be avoided, accumulate large sums of
money in the Treasury which would not be
called for if the price of bonds should be such
as to make the conversion of the notes prefer-
able to their payment in lawful money. The
policy of the Secretary was, therefore, as he
remarked in a former report, determined by
the condition of the Treasury and the country,
and by the character of the debt. It was sim-
ply, first, to put and keep the Treasury in such
condition as not only to be prepared to pay all
claims upon presentation, but also to be strong
enough to prevent the success of any combina-
tions that might be formed to control its man-
agement ; and, second, to take up quietly in
advance of their maturity by payment or con-
version such portions of the temporary debt as
would obviate the necessity of accumulating
large currency balances in the Treasury, and
at the same time relieve it from the danger of
being forced to a further issue of legal-tender
notes or to a sale of bonds at whatever price
they might command.
In carrying out this policy, it'geemed also to
be the duty of the Secretary to have due regard
to the interests of the people, and to prevent,
as far as possible, the work of funding from
disturbing legitimate business. As financial
trouble has almost invariably followed closely
upon the termination of protracted wars, it was
generally feared, as has been already remarked,
that such trouble would be unavoidable at the
close of the great and expensive war in which
the United States had been for four years
engaged. This, of course, it was important
to avoid, as its occurrence might not only
render funding difficult, but might prostrate
those great interests upon which the Govern-
ment depended for its revenues. It was, and
constantly has been, therefore, the aim of the
Secretary so to administer the Treasury, while
borrowing money and funding the temporary
obligations, as to prevent a commercial crisis,
and to keep the business of the country as
steady as was possible on the basis of an irre-
deemable and constantly fluctuating currency.
Whether his efforts have contributed to this
end or not, he does not undertake to say; but
the fact is unquestioned, that a great war has
been closed'; large loans have been effected;
heavy revenues have been collected, and some
thirteen hundred million dollars of temporary
obligations have been paid or funded, and
a great debt brought into manageable shape,
not only without a financial crisis but without
any disturbance to the ordinary business of
the country. To accomplish these things
successfully, the Secretary deemed it neces-
sary, as has been before stated, that the
Treasury should be kept constantly in a strong
condition, with power to prevent the credit of
the Government and the great interests of the
people from being placed at the mercy of ad-
verse influences. Notwithstanding the mag-
nitude and character of the debt, this power
the Treasury has-for the last three years pos-
sessed ; and it has been the well-known exist-
ence, rather than the exercise of it, which has,
in repeated instances, saved the country from
panic and disaster. The gold reserve, the
maintenance of which has subjected the Sec-
retary to constant and bitter criticism, has
given a confidence to the holders of our secur-
ities, at home and abroad, by the constant
evidence which it exhibited of the ability of
the Government, without depending upon pur-
chases in the market, to pay the interest upon
the public debt, and a steadiness to trade, by
preventing violent fluctuations in the convert-
ible value of the currency, which have been a
more than ample compensation to the country
for any loss of interest that may have been
sustained thereby. If the gold in the Treas-
ury had been sold down to what was absolutely
needed for the payment of the interest on the
public debt, not only would the public credit
have been endangered, but the currency, and
consequently the entire business of the coun-
try would have been constantly subject to the
dangerous power of speculative combinations.
Of the unavailing effort that was made by
the Secretary to contract the currency, with
the view of appreciating it to the specie stand-
ard, he forbears to speak. His action in re-
spect to contraction, although authorized, and
for a time sustained, was subsequently disap-
proved (as he thinks unwisely) by Congress.
This is a question, however, that can be better
determined hereafter than now.
Complaint has been mado that, in the ad-
ministration of the Treasury Department since
the war, there has been too much of interfer-
ence with the stock and money market. This
complaint, when honestly made, has been the
result of a want of reflection, or of impcrfeet
knowledge of the financial condition of the
Government. The transactions of the Treas-
ury have from necessity been connected with
the stock and money market of New York.
If the debt after the close of the war had been
a funded debt, with nothing to be donein rela-
tion to it but to pay the accruing interest, or
if business had been conducted on a specie
basis, and consequently been free from the
constant changes to which it has been and
must be subject.—as long as there is any con-
siderable difference between the legal and
commercial standard of value—the Treasury
could" have been managed with entire inde-
pendence of the stock exchange or the gold
room. Such, however, was not the fact.
More than one half of the national debt, ac-
cording to the foregoing exhibits, consisted of
temporary obligations, which were to be paid
in lawful money or converted into bonds; and
there was in circulation a large amount of irre-
deemable promises constantly changing in their
convertible value. The Secretary, therefore,
could not be indifferent to the condition of the
market, nor avoid connection with it, for itwas
in fact with the market he had to deal. He
would have been happy had it been otherwise.
If bonds were to be sold to provide the means
for paying the debts that were payable in law-
ful money, itwas a matter of great importance
to the Treasury that the price of bonds should
not be d epressed by artificial processes. If the
seven-thirty notes were to be converted into five-
twenty bonds, it was equally important that
they should sustain such relations to each
other, in regard to prices, that conversions
would be effected. If bonds were at a dis-
count the notes would be presented for pay-
ment in legal tenders; and these could only
be obtained by further issues or the sale of
some kind of securities. For three years,
therefore, the state of the market has been a
matter of deep solicitude to the Secretary. If
he had been indifferent to it, or failed carefully
to study the influences that controlled it, or
had hesitated to exercise the power with which
Congress had clothed him, for successfully
funding the temporary debt by conversions or
sales, he would have been false to his^ trust.
The task of converting a thousand millions of
temporary obligations into a funded debt, on_a
market constantly subject to natural and arti-
ficial fluctuations, without depressing the
prices of bonds, and without disturbing the
business of the country, however it may be
regarded now when the work has been accom-
plished, was, while it was being performed, an
exceedingly delicate one. It is but simple
justice to say that its successful accomplish-
ment is, in a great measure, attributable to the
judicious action of the Assistant Treasurer at
New York, Mr. Van Dyck.
Similar complainFhas also been made of the
manner in which gold and bonds have been
disposed of, by what has been styled " secret
sales;" and yet precisely the same course has
been pursued in these sales that careful and
prudent men pursue who sell on their own
account. The sales have been made when
currency was needed, and prices were satis-
factory. It was not considered wise or pru-
dent to advise the dealers precisely when and
to what amount sales were to be made, (no
sane man operating on his own account would
have done this,) but all sales of gold have been
made in the open market, and of bonds by
agents orthe Assistant Treasurer in New York,
in the ordinary way, with a view of obtaining
the very best prices, and with the least possi-
ble disturbance of business.
In the large transactions of the Treasury
agents have been indispensable, but none have
been employed when the work could be done
equally well by the officers of the Department.
Whether done by agents or officers the Secre-
tary lias no reason to suppose that it has not
been done skillfully and honestly, as well as
