246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1,
indeed, it is our sacred duty, to place the seal
of our reprobation upon such a gross outrage
upon civilization, upon suck a terrible crime
against Christianity and humanity.
But for all lhat, this is not the question
which we are called upon to determine. The
gist of the question is this: whether a people
that conquered its freedom, which after this
had been treacherously stolen from it, recon-
quered its independence with a heroism worthy
of the days of Marathon and Missolonghi,
and is in full possession of self-government
and asks us to recognize its independence—
whether this people, the Cretan people, is not
entitled to this recognition ou the part of the
United States? I say it is, and I wish you to
declare so formally without fear of the frowns
of the Mormon sultan or of (he French emperor
or of the conquerors of Hindostan. I askyou
to settle this question upon its own merits,
as I have explained them, without regard to
what is called the European balance of power
and the Eastern question, with which we have
nothing to do. All we, the Ameiican people,
have to deal with is another people that strug-
gled for its old liberty against, formidable odds,
and that having successfully established a pro-
visional government of its own choice*is en-
titled to our recognition. Indeed, we cannot
withhold it without justly incurring the re-
proach of depriving other struggling nations of
that moral and political support which was
accorded to us, and which wo accepted so
gratefully at the time when our now powerful
nation was in the throes of its creation. For
us as a great people to say, as some money-
market, publicists prompt us to sav, '• We have
enough business ou hand in paying our debt
and attending 10 our own jobs," would be the
height of meanness and injustice, and indeed
place us in the same humiliating category
with the Anglo Saxon islanders, whose creed
lias always been that of the same unmitigated
pagan selfishness which is now commended to
Our emulation. No, Mr. Chairman, if we can-
not get rid, even in these days of the Celtic
and Teutonic preponderance of blood in the
American masses, of the mythological rem-
iniscence of the mother country, let tis at all
events shun the selfishness of this our hypo-
thetical mother; let us emulate and let the
Greeks, too, emulate liergeniusof self aggran
disement; lint let us not imitate that selfish-
ness which, whenever another people throws
ofF thi) shackle^ of despotism and calls for
recognition of its independence, repeats in
fine plausible diplomatic and business like
phrases the murderous cry of Cain: "Am 1
my brother's keeper?"
And what will bo the dangers of our formal
recognition of tin Cretan provisional govern-
ment? The danger I anticipate is that certain
journalists, including many hirelings of the
.Mussulman and his imperialistic and Tory
upholders, will revile your action as they re-
viled it ou so many other occasions. Wo arc
generally little addicted to trouble ourseh cs
about foreign countries, hut whenever a noble
and heroic Christian people like that of Crete
knocks at our doors for recognition we are
more apt than the mother country gentry to
grant it; not because wo are their inferiors
in culture and statesmanship, but because we
are I heir superiors in severing from culture
and statesmanship all that in their case ad-
heres to it from the oki feudal times, so that we
ictam of these attainments and accomplish-
ments only what is consistent wiih humanity,
ami pmge them from all that is irreconcilable
with us sacred duties. So, Mr. Chairman, in
this question of the recognition of Crete 1
r<j'vt. ail the callous sophistries and all the
h.'ar: less mummeries which a perverse diplom-
;v luMf n upon it.
>-ee only a people who fought like lions for
is liberty from 1821 to 1827, who conquered
tin., l.berty and possessed it till 1830, and
wiih h was then resold against its will into
OeoiJage. rising again mid again upon its usurp
ers, and tiua.ily, ui 1835-69, rebap.ized its in-
dependence in its nt?w Tar for national life,
and entitled to our recognition of its provis-
ional government as fully as the colonies were
entitled to the recognition of Holland and
France.
it is said that in taking this action we are
unfriendly to the Ottoman, and that during onr
civil war the Moslem would not allow the Ala-
bama to come to his ports. Neither Semmes
nor any other rebel commodore ever thought
of going to Levantine ports, well aware that
they would not be there a day withoct being
burnt by the Greeks, who to a man were our
most enthusiastic friends during our war. But
I tell you, Mr. Chairman, that if a rebel craft
had been silly enough to run the risk of Greek-
fire, the Turk, whatever he may have promised
to do on paper, and he is notorious for his lib-
erality on paper, would in reality have acted
as he would have been bid to act by the English
and French ministers at Constantinople; for
you are all aware that the Sultan does not hold
sovereign power as it is held by Christian
monarchs. Witness this present contest with
Greece. Europe does not ask the Sultan whether
he. wishes to have a conference held, but orders
it. to take place. What would have been
thought of the sovereignty of the American
people if European Powers had, without our
knowledge and consent, decreed to hold a con-
ference to settle our conflict with the rebel
States.
That the Sultan holds power only contingent
upon the support and consent of Christendom
is manifest throughout history from the moment
of the invasion of these Asiatic hordes up to the
present day. When the religious fervor of
the Crusades had been impaired bv the spirit
of material enterprise engendered by the mari-
time discoveries and adventures of the fifteenth
century, and when no further violent measures
were taken to drive the Mussulman from his
encampment on Greek and Christian soil he
was even in those days of the demoralization of
the Cnristian nations permitted only to claim
jurisdiction over Mohammedans, while the
entire Christian population, with inconsider-
able exceptions, was protected by special
treaties against the Moslem and placed under
the jurisdiction of the foreign Powers or
thgir consular and diplomatic representatives.
Hence it follows that even if the Sultan had
not usurped in Crete a power that had been
conquered by the people in the Greek war of
independence, even if he hau been a lawful
ruler, and even if the late revolution had not
occurred, culminating in the establishment of
a provisional government, he would still be
an unsovereign ruler, limited in his jurisdic-
tion. In the case of Crete, where the small
minority of nominal Mussulman are of the Hel-
lenic race and tongue, his jurisdiction would
have been at best nominal, even if he ever hud
been since 1821 the lawful sovereign, and if
whatever remained of his pretensions had not
been annihilated by the recent revolution and
by the efficient vindication of the popular and
Christian rightsof the people on the part of the
provisional government.
Wo were not afraid to incur the displeasure
of Queen Isabella of Spain, though her sov-
ereign power was not contingent and condi-
tional and hemmed in by all sort of treaties,
as is that, of the Sultan everywhere, not to
speak of Crete, where, since 1821, it never had
a right to be in any form whatsoever, absolute
or limited. You will sny that Isabella fled from
Spain,^and that Abdul-Aziz never ran away
from Crete. My answer is that he never went
there; he never dared go there; his predeces-
sors, who, previous to 1821, lorded there, were
laid low by the Greek masters of the country. I
say the present Sultan, who never had a lawful
sovereign right over Crete, acknowledged this
fact by refraining from showing his face there,
while Onier Pasha and Ali Pasha were sent
back under protest and amid the execrations
of an indignant people. That the Turk does
not like, our recognition of the Cretan provis-
ional government is possible, nay probable.
But our recognition of the independence of a
free people, of a de,facto Christian Government,
is an act authorized by our sovereign power as
a people. The English opposed Holland and
France for recognizing the American colonies,
nor did Spain and Portugal indorse the recog-
nition of the independence of their former
American colonies. In the progress of nation-
alities towaid emancipation from alien domina-
tion those stripped of their ill-gotten power do
not like it. Europe is full of royal princes
fretting over their dispossession.
But if republican America does not weep
over the misfortunes of these fallen Christian
princes, why should we over the agonies of a
Mormon Asiatic Moslem autocrat because he
loses a power which he never had a right to
possess? If we are to display emotions at all
let us reserve them for the victims and martyrs
of the Cretan war of independence; for those
sainted women who, rather than be dishonored
by the Mussulman, blew up the monastery of
Areadi, and were buried in its ruins. The Turk
may have a great mis-sion of his own to fulfill.
I think that as soon as his encampment in
Europe is broken up, and the hallowed old
Christian ilag of the Greek empire again
hoisted upon St. Sophia at Constantinople,
and upon the walls of Jerusalem, as soon as
the benighted Moslem receives his passports
from the Christian Powers, he may expand
into the Asiatic wilderness, from whence he
came, anil there diffusa somewhat of that civ-
ilization which he ought to have learned from
his long contact with the highly cultured Hel-
lenic race.
I shall rejoice to see the Greek empire re-
stored in all its ancient splendor, wiih Con-
stantinople for its capital and Jerusalem fonts
holy city. In the mean while, however, let us
not be forgetful of our duty as far as the recog-
nition of the provisional government of Crete
is concerned.
Crete, under the Greek empire and in the
days of her connection with Venice, was the
most flourishingcenter of the trade ot the Med-
iterranean and the East. The island abounds
with the choicest silk, fruits, wine, honey, olive
oil, and other fine products. Under the Mos-
lem usurpation these great commercial and
industrial resources were paralyzed and nearly
destroyed. Under the auspices of national
independence the same marvelous result which
manifested itself after the Greek war of inde-
pendence in the development of enterprise
among the Greek merchants and navigators,
so as to give them at this day a place not in-
ferior in the commercial world with that in
former times held by the Hanse town. Gen-
oese. and Venetian merchants ; the i-atne re-
sult will also show itself in Crete as soon as
the example wnich 1 ask you to set in accord-
ing your recognition to its Christian Govern-
ment shall be, as 1 have no doubt it soon
will be, followed by other Christian nations.
Cretan merchants will then become as omnip-
otent in the Mediterranean and Black sea trade
as at present the Greeks are ; and American
commerce and industry in those important
regions will have acquired in the Cretan mer-
chant an ally and customer whose cooperation
may help us to compete successfully with the
English and Frencii traders and manufacturers
who^at present monopolize this great eastern
traffic.
I propose, therefore, that the recognition of
the provisional government of Crete shall be
formally accorded by this Government, and
that the present American consul at Canea
shall be accredited as American representative
near the government of Crete.
_ It is not the first time in our lu.-tory that we
display such generosity toward a fellow-Chris-
tian people. We have sent aid to Ireland in
the hour of her distress; we sent a fleet to Asia
Minoj to bring the great Hungarian Kossuth to
the United States ; and under the eloquent in-
fluence of Clay and Webster have shown our
sympathy for the Greeks in their first war of
independence. We have done all this while
our country was comparatively feeble and still
Shall wo
e have at-
