1868.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Coxa.... 3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Beps. '
and made a totir to the north, passing through
London. York, Newcastle, Edinburgh, and
Glasgow, and rejoined the Franklin in July.
On this tour he received every attention from
the authorities of the respective places visited,
and inspected the dock-yards and other estab-
lishments of interest to naval officers.
On the 10th of July the Franklin was visited
officially by the Duke of Edinburgh, captain
of her Britannic Majesty's ship Galatea, and
on the 12th Admiral Farragut and other offi-
cers dined with him, many distinguished per-
sons of England being present. The Prince
of Wales and his brother, the Duke of Edin-
burgh, visited the Franklin on the 14th. On
the 17th Admiral Farragut caIIed.:.on her
Majesty the queen, at Osborne House. On the
18th the corporate authorities and others of
Southampton visited the Franklin, and on the
19th she sailed from Cowes for Syra, at which
place she arrived on the 4th of August. .
Here Admiral Farragut transferred his flag
to the Frolic and proceeded to Constantinople.
The Franklin sailed for Smyrna. He reached
the Dardanelles on the 6th of August, and
having receiv-ed a firman from the Sultan, an-
chored in the Bosphorus, off Constantinople,
on the 8th. On the 13tli of August, accom-
panied by a large number of officers of the
Navy, he was received by his Majesty the
sultan, Abdul Aziz, in his palace on the-
Asiatic shore, and on a subsequent day called
on the viceroy of Egypt, then on a visit to
Constantinople. The Franklin having been
detained several days at the Dardanelles await-
ing a firman, anchored off Constantinople on
the 21st. Here he was entertained by the
grand vizier and other officials. He left the
Bosphorus on the 29th, and anchored in the
harbor of Piraeus, Greece, on the 3-lst of August.
At Athens he was presented to the king and
queen, and upon invitation of the king was
present at the baptism of the young prince,
and attended a banquet at the palace. The
Frannlin was visited by the king, the Grand
Duchess Alexandra Josephina, and the Grand
Duke Constantine, (mother and brother of the
queen,) with their respective suites; also by
the Greek officials and the diplomatic corps.
On the 10th of September he left Piraeus,
and on the 14th arrived off Trieste, where
official calls were exchanged and other courte-
sies extended. He sailed from Trieste on the
27th, anchored off Gibraltar October 9th, and
left for New York on the 18th.
Thus terminated one of the most marked
and interesting cruises in naval history, which
cannot fail to prove of national benefit, during
which extraordinary courtesies and entertain-
ments were everywhere received and recipro-
cated.
The principal points of the west coast of
Africa, as far as St. Paul de Loando and the
neighboring groups of islands which lie within
the limits of the European squadron, have been
visited by the Swatara. She left Lisbon Feb-
ruary 5, and returned to that port April 27,
having touched at Porto Grande, Porto Praya,
Grand Canary, Teneriffe, Madeira, Monrovia,
Cape Palmas, El Mina, Fernando Po, Jella
Coffee, and St. Thomas. Commander Jeffers
reports that the slave trade is entirely sus-
pended.
The vessels of this squadron have, during
the year, in addition to the ports mentioned,
visited Valencia, Tarragona, Barcelona, Mal-
aga, Leghorn, Palermo, Civita Vecchia, Ta-
ranto, Ancona, Venice, Brindisi, Candia, Scio,
Marseilles, Havre, Cherbourg, Brest, Bor-
deaux, Pauillac, Basque Roads, Cadiz, Forrol,
Hamburg, Bremevbaven, Antwerp, Plymouth,
and various ports on the Irish coast. *
ASIATIC SQUADRON.
Rear Admiral Henry H. Bell, who was in
command of this squadron at the date of my
last report, was drowned at Osaka ou the 11th
of January by the upsetting of a boat in which
he was crossing the bar. The command de-
volved upon Commodore John E. Goldsbor-
ough, as senior officer, until the arrival of Rear
Admiral S. C. Rowan, who sailed from New
York in the Piscataqua oa the 16th of Decem-
ber, and assumed command at Singapore on
the 18th of April.
The squadron is composed of the following
vessels:
Piscataqua. (flag-ship) 23 guns.
Oneida..    8 "
Iroquois  6 "
Ashuelot. 10 "
Monocacy   10
TInadilla  : !  5 "
Aroostook :   5 "
Maumee  8 **
Idaho, (store and hospital ship)  7 "
The Sheftandoah is on her way home from
this squadron under orders issued in June last.
The Hartford arrived at New York in August.
The United States minister, Mr. Yan Valken-
burg, was of opinion that our Government should
be represented by a strong naval force on the
occasion of the opening of the ports of Osaka
and Hiogo. Rear Admiral Bell concurred in
this opinion and assembled as many vessels of
the squadron off Hiogo as were available, inclu-
ding the Hartford, Iroquois, Monocacy, Aroo-
stook, Oneida, and Shenandoah. The latter
vessel conveyed the United States minister
from Yokohama to consummate the terms of
thetreaty. No serioustroublewasapprehended,
but certain discontented factions were known to
exist. It was thought, therefore, that the dis-
play of foreign power would prove a wholesome
restraint on the turbulent and disaffected.
Agreeably to arrangements, Osakaand Hiogo
were quietly opened to foreigners on the 1st of
January. The event was celebrated by the
American and British vessels at those places,
their mastheads being dressed with the respect-
ive national flags and the Tycoon's flag at
the main. Every vessel simultaneously fired a
salute of twenty-one guns, which the Japanese
promptly returned at both places.
Although the opening of these ports had been
harmonious, affairs bore an aspect so unsettled
that Rear Admiral Bell determined to delay his
departure, and three days after sending dis-
patches to the Department announcing this
purpose he was drowned by the swamping of
his boat off Osaka.
This melancholy event, made the more afflict-
ing by the drowning at the same time of Lieu-
tenant Commander J. H. Reed and ten of the
crew of the admiral's barge, occurred on the
morning of January 11. His communication
with the shore had been interrupted for several
days by a storm, and he left his ship as soon
as it abated for the purpose of visiting the Uni-
ted States minister. But his barge was cap-
sized by a strong wind and heavy sea on the
bar in sight of most of his command. Every
effort was made by boats dispatched from the
vessels present to rescue the unfortunate party,
but only three of the boat's crew were saved.
The bodies of the lost were all subsequently
recovered.
The harmony which prevailed at the opening
of the new ports was of short duration. Diffi-
culties, originating in the innovations oil an-
cient customs and opposition to intercourse
with foreigners, appeared among the Japanese,
and soon broke out in hostilities.
On the 27th of January the contending par-
ties came in conflict at Osaka. The Tycoon,
who favored the extension of commercial in-
tercourse, was defeated; and during the night
of January 31 sought shelter with some of his
principal adherents on board the Iroquois,
which was in the harbor. Protection was
given him until daylight, when he was trans-
ferred to one of his own vessels of war.
On the 1st of February the several foreign
ministers were compelled to abandon Osaka,
and were received and conveyed in the Iro-
quois to Hiogo, where they established their
legations. On the 4th of February an assault
was made in the streets of Hiogo by a detach-
ment of Japanese troops on the foreign resi-
dents, during which one of the crew of the
Oneida was seriously wounded by a musket
ball. In consequence of these outbreaks, which
threatened the safety of the foreign population,
the naval forces present made a joint landing
and adopted measures to protect the foreign
settlement. But on the 8th of February an
envoy from the Mikado arrived at the United
States legation with information of a change
of Government. , Assurance was given that
foreigners would be protected, wlhereupon a
settlement was made and the forces withdrawn.
The Japanese officer who had command of the
detachment of troops, and ordered them to fire
on the foreigners at Hiogo, was subsequently
executed in the presence of a number of the
officers of the vessels of war.
Rear Admiral Rowan reached Yokohama on
the 24th of June, and found the open ports in
possession of the Mikado party. The foreign
naval forces, in pursuance of agreement in
conference, have jointly occupied Yokohama
for the defense of the foreign settlement. No
serious disturbances had taken place there at
the date of the last accounts, ana Rear Admi-
ral Rowan was awaiting the progress of events
between the contending parties.
After the death of Rear Admiral Bell, Com-
modore Goldsborough transferred his flag to
the Hartford, and left Nagasaki on the 1st of
February for Hong-Kong, on his way to Sin-
gapore and the United States. At Hong-Kong
he paid an official visit to the Chinese viceroy
at Canton, who rules over the two extensive
aud populous sea-coast provinces, Kwantung
and Foukien. The reception was cordial and
gratifying; and to check,in some measure, the
frequent piracies the viceroy promised to issue
a proclamation prohibiting fishing junks from
carrying an extra number of men, or arms, or
munitions of war.
Thelimits of this squadron are extensive, and
the service required is of a varied character. In
December the Monocacy examined the track of
steamers between Nagasaki and Osaka through
the inland sea, the waters navigated by the
auxiliary steamers of the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company, for the purpose of determining
on the proper sites for light-houses. During
the same month the Ashuelot west to Taku,
where the passage of the United States minis-
ter, Mr. Burlingame, had been obstructed by
the rebels. The minister and family were re-
ceived on board and conveyed to Shanghai.
In June the Unadilla visited Bankok. in Siam,
and delivered a present of arms to the prime
minister. Courtesies were exchanged with the
king, the crown priuce, the prime minister, and
other officials.
In April the Shenandoah was sent to Corea
to make another attempt to rescue the crew of
the schooner General Sherman, which had been
destroyed by the Coreans some eighteen months
previously, ithavingbeen stated upon apparently
good authority that some of them were still
alive and in captivity. From all the informa-
tion that Commander Febiger could gather he
concluded that none of the crew or passengers
of the schooner were living. He succeeded,
however, in obtaining a fair survey of the Ping
Yang river and its approaches, and in securing
other useful data.
• The Aroostook, Lieutenant Commander
Beardslee. conveyed the consuls for Amoy and
Foo-Choo to Formosa in April, to enable them
to visit the various ports on that island coming
under their charge. The savages inhabiting
the lower part of this island, it will be recol-
lected, murdered the shipwrecked officers and
crew of the American bark Rover. Satisfied
from inquiry that no foreigners were in cap-
tivity on the island, Lieutenant Commander
Beardslee obtained assurances from the natives
of kind treatment to, and restoration of,' any
persons who may hereafter be shipwrecked
upon the island. Thisarrangementwas effected
mainly through the instrumentality of General
Le Gendre, United States consul at Amoy, who,
