1869.
THE COjStGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
tained to transcendent power after our triumph
over slavery and the inauguration of our new
am! grander era of freedom? You will agree
with me that we are expected, as we can afford,
to do more than we did in the old slavery era.
The Republican Chicago platform of last year
appropriately decreed that sympathy with op-
pressed nationalities is among the first duties
of our regenerated Republic.
This is the time to give a substantial inter-
pretation of this sacred decree. Let us show by
our recognition of Cretan independence that
we are alive to our duty of gratitude toward a
race to the intellectual glories of which we,
together with all civilized nations, are indebted
for our noblest, culture. Let us show that we
practically support the progress of liberal Gov-
ernments among men, the only hope of the
advancement of mankind. Let us show that
as a Christian nation we favor the resumption
of power of the great Greek race in the regions
where they formerly held it, and which are
endeared to America by their sacred and his-
torical associations.
My proposition is not what is called an
intervention. It simply implies an act of
justice on our part toward Crete. Interven-
tion, on the other hand, implies au active co-
operation of our armed forces in the contest
in the East. Such an intervention I do not
propose ; but the granting of Cretan recogni-
tion I do propose as the free offering of this
great Christian people to another Christian peo-
ple, which deserves all our moral and generous
support in its heroic attempt to regain its for-
mer power and to free Christendom from that
Moslem domination which has but too long
disgraced its annals.
Let the Turks say, if they please, that we act
in cooperation with Russia. Mr. Chairman,
with all ray regard for Russia, and particularly
with myadmiration for her humane act of serf-
emancipation, I do not hesitate to say that we
have as little to do with Russia as with England
in this matter. If Russia sympathizes, as we
do, with the progress of the Christian empire
ot the Hellenes in the East I am glad ot it.
But my proposition in favor of Cretan inde-
pendence is prompted by my own appreciation
of the virtues and the destinies of the Hellenic
race, and submitted to you without desiring
the applause of one or without fearing the
censure of another foreign Power.
We have nothing to do with England's jeal-
ousy against Russian progress in Asia. Russia
is a better friend of the United States than is
Great Britain; and if Russia should gain pos-
session of Hindostan and emancipate the Hin-
doo serfs, us she emancipated the Muscovite
serfs, humanity will be the gainer, although the
British aristocracy and plutocracy may be the
loser; and we shall all say, ''Well done,
Czar! Hail to Russia! "
But however this maybe, this much is certain:
that the propositions which I make in behalf of
Crete and Greece reflect only American and cer-
tainly not Russian opinion ; and I am sure you
will consider them in the same spirit, and not
be deterred in the exercise of your interna-
tional justice and mercy by those critics,
trained in the old Tory schools, reechoing on
these free shores the worn-out European com-
monplaces about balance of power, and en-
deavoring to stifle your generousaction by hold-
ing before you the powers of emperors and
suTtans, but which I dare say have no terrors for
the American mind, and will not arrest the
course of justiceand magnanimity toward Crete
;>n 1 Greece which I have the honor and privi-
lege to propose to this House.
Mr. Chairman, it is with reluctance that I
occupy the time of this House, and have done
so only because the case is urgent and the
cause i plead is just. I come before the Rep-
resentatives of a great people to speak for the
rights of man, and, sustained by the importance
of the subject, I felt determined for the work ;
and yet I trembled at the responsibility it in-
volved and recognized my inability to discharge
the trust. Prom my childhood having wit-
nessed the barbarism of human slavery, the
cries of the oppressed ever awaken in my heart
a sympathy and respect. I will espouse the
cause of the oppressed and scorn the uncer-
tain friendship of the oppressor. Having
lived a free man under laws and institutions
that guarantied to me life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness, my only earthly ambition is
to secure the same to others. Having wit-
nessed the treason to my own country of every
son and daughter of the Republic who was in
favor of anarchy, monarchy, aristocracy, or
slavery, and having seeu them, sustained by
crowned heads of foreign lands, wage a trai-
torous and murderous war against their own
Government and people for their destruction,
and having seen every slave and outcast from
the national protection faithful to liberty and
law, remaining the friends of the Government
and its defenders through a storm of treason
and a maelstrom of crime, 1 have renewed cause
to love the oppressed and to hate the oppressor.
With pride remembering our ancestors, who in
wisdom founded and in their blood cemented
this Republic, and having witnessed the self-
sacriliee of our people, who recently struck
down the armed and treacheious oppressor,
drove the foreign minions from our shores,
saved from the usurper's grasp a sister repub-
lic, let the oppressed go free, gave to the slave
his manhood, opened the door for his educa-
tion, secured a protection for his wife and
children, made sacred the social relations of
life, which had been so long set at defiance by
semi-barbarians who infested the southern
States and denominated themselves the priv-
ileged classes, claiming an inherent right to
own and dispose of the persons and property
of others, my confidence in our race is strength-
ened and my hopes of free government renewed.
This country having furnished food and cloth-
ing to the distressed of every eliine, and sus-
tained thousands of wives and children while
their husbands and fathers waged a bloody,
treacherous, and relentless war against liberty
and the nation's life ; having pardoned mil-
lions of criminals who by their treason had for-
feited their lives to the law; having provided
for the immediate wants of five millions of an
unfortunate and helpless race who by the ne-
cessity of war emerged from a slavery of two
hundred and fou.y years, in which the heavy
hand of the oppressor had borne upon them with
cruel severity; and having seeu this country
made by law and practice the home of the op-
pressed of all lauds who have sought protec-
tion on our shores, I am well assured of the
magnanimity of the Government and the char-
ity of our people.
Witnessing the glorious triumph of this Re-
public, as she stands to-day the political high
school of the world, in which nations and peo-
ples are learning the great truthsso long con-
cealed, that "man is capable of self-govern-
ment,'' setting at naught that deceptive and
infamous doctrine, ''the divine right of kings,"
opening a free and better civilization, I believe,
sir, that the time has come and now is when
we must—1 repeat it, when we must—foster
the rise and progress of free governments every-
where, and thus maintain the character we
have so nobly earned and fulfill a great destiny
set before us. The promulgation of correct
political doctrines, which set free^ both the
minds and bodies of men, is of infinitely more
value to those who adopt them than the arts,
manufactures, and commerce; for it brings all
these, and makes the people great and pros-
perous while producing them. Then, sir, as
we would render a service and duty to God,
Christian civilization, the progress of free insti-
tutions, and to a common humanity, let roe
again urge you to encourage the independence
of Crete.
Mr. LOGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] will yield to me, I will
move that the committee rise.
Mr LOGAN. I will yield for that motion.
Mr. ALLISON. I move, then, that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Cobb having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Cullom reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state ot the Union
had, according to order, had under considera-
tion the state of the Union generally, aud par-
ticularly the President's annual message of
18G7, and had come to no resolution thereon.
commercial intercourse.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1597) to
facilitate commercial intercourse between the
several States and Territories of the United
States and with foreign countries; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Territories, aud ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEWART moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
adjouru.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House,
at lour o'clock p. in., adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the lules, aud referred to the appropriate
committees :
By the SPEAKER, : The petition of M. B.
ILickettand others, citizens of Apulia, Onon-
daga county, New York, for a modification of
the naturalization laws so as to protect the
elections from frauds.
By Mr. BCJCKLAND : The petition of W.
F. Day and 42 others, citizens of East Norwalk,
Ohio, fora post route from Berlinville, Ohio, to
Norwalk, Ohio, by way of East Norwalk.
Also, the petition of E. J. Kellogg and 70
others, citizens of Erie and Huron counties,
Ohio, upon the same subject.
By Mr. GARY : A resolution of the city
council of Cincinnati, asking for the selection
of a more eligible site and the erection of more
suitable buildings for custom-house, post office,
and United States court rooms in said city.
By Mr. CIIILCOrf: A petition from to-
bacco dealers in the city of Denver, Colorado,
praying the repeal of certain sections of a bill
regulating the tax on tobacco and whisky.
By Mr. COBB : The petition of A. J. High
and others, of Monroe, Wisconsin, in favor of
Mr. Jenckios's civil service bill and other meas-
ures of relief.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of Alex-
ander McClean and James W'haley, of Penii;
sylvania, soldiers of the war of 1812, for relief.
By Mr. EARNSWORTH: The petition of
T. B. Wakeman and others, of Harvard, Mc-
Ilenry comity, Illinois, for pensions to soldiers
of the war of 1812.
By Mr. GAREIELD : The petition of citi-
zens of Ashtabula, Ohio, for an appropriation
to improve the harbor at, that place.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of Freder-
ick Dail, praying confirmation of title to cer-
tain lands in the State of Michigan, under
treaty stipulations.
By"Mr. KELLEY: The petition of George
D. Gravely, of Virginia, asking to be relieved
from disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of the Constitution.
By the KENTUCKY delegation: The peti-
tion of General Joseph H. Lewis, for removal
of disabilities, &c.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
j The p"tition of Charles Arnois, for pay as sec-
ond lieutenant company K, thiid Indiana vol-
unteers, from September, 1862, to January,
1863.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of
Alpheus C. Gallatine, for the extension of a
i patent. , . ,
| By Mr. SCHENCK: A memorial, with an
i accompanying bill, from James White, assist-
