1888.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
valuable assistance on the occasion. The ves-
sel soon broke up, but liear Admiral Thateher,
who was at the time at Esquimault, made the
best practicable terms for saving the engines
and otlier articles.
The Lackawanna, which had been at the
Sandwich Islands more than a year, was in
Slay relieved by the Mohongo. Our com-
mercial and whaling interests fully justify the
constant presence of one or more of our ves-
sels in that quarter—a fact which will be ap-
preciated when it is known that at one time
in November, 1867, forty-two American flags
were flying from that number of whaling and
merchant vessels in the harbor of Honolulu,
while but six flags of all other nations could
be seen. In July last his Majesty the king of
the Sandwich Islands, attended by a portion
of his cabinet and his personal staff, visited
the Mohongo, and was received with the hon-
ors due to his position.
SOOTH PACIFIC SQUADRON'.
Bear Admiral Thomas Turner succeeded
Rear Admiral Dahlgren in command of this
squadron on the 14th of July last. It is com-
posed of the following vessels:
Powhatan, (flag-ship) 17guns.
luscarora  10 "
ICcarsarge  7 "
Dakota  7 "
Jfyack  6 "
Onward   — "
The vessels of this squadron have carried
the flag into all the principal commercial ports
from Panama to Valparaiso, and have rendered
such protection to American interests as was
needed. On the night of the 10th of January
last General Prado, ex-president of Peru, and
other officers came alongside the Nyack and
requested asylum from personal violence, which
he apprehended from the revolutionary party.
He also requested transportation to Chili. His
requests were complied with, and he was safely
landed at Valparaiso.
Australia and ihe various groups of islands
in the South Pacific have not been visited, the
disturbed condition of political affairs and disas-
ters from physical convulsions in South Amer-
ica having rendered it advisable that the ves-
sels of the squadron should remain on that
coast.
Two vessels, the Wateree and the Fredonia,
have been lost by earthquake.
INJURY AND DESTRUCTION OF VESSELS BY EARTH-
QUAKES.
A violent earthquake, which occurred in the
harbor of St. Thomas and in that vicinity on
the afternoon of November 18, 1867, caused
the stranding of the United States steamer
Monongahela, and two other vessels of the
squadron barely escaped serious injury. The
De Soto, in the harbor of St. Thomas, was
swept from her moorings by the force of the
waves, both chains snapping, and was thrown
violently upon the iron piles of a new wharf,
but fortunately the next wave carried her again
into deep water, and she sustained but little
injury. The Susquehanna, in the same harbor,
succeeded in getting away from her dangerous
position without damage.
The Monongahela, which at the time was an-
chored off FredericUstadt, Island of St. Croix,
was carried by a wave over the warehouses and
into one of the streets of the town. She came
back with the returning sea and was left on a
coral reef at the water's edge. Fortunately but
five of her crew were lost, and no very serious
injury was sustained by the ship. As it was
deemed practicable to re-launch tier, the officers
and crew remained by the vessel. On learning
the facts the United States bark Purveyor was
put in commission at New York, provided with
all necessary appliances for launching, and on
the 17th of January left for St. Croix, where
she arrived on the 31st, and the party, under
the supervision of Naval Constructor David-
son, commenced preparations for getting the
Monongahela afloat. The first attempt failed,
but on the 10th of May a successful effort was
made. She was safely launched, and left St.
Croix on the 13th of J une,arrived atNew York
the 29th, and was put out of commission July 8.
On the 13th of August last a violent earth-
quake visited the western coast of South Amer-
ica, by which two of the vessels of the South
Pacific squadron were lost to the service. The
store-ship Fredonia had, inconsequence of the
prevalence of yellow fever at Callao, been
moved up to Arica, and was there with the
Wateree quietly riding at anchor. A short
time after the shock of the earthquake was felt
the sea receded, leaving the Fredonia on the
bottom, and a moment after the waters rolled
in with such power as to break her to frag-
ments. Twenty-seven officers and men were
drowned,-three officers who were on shore and
two seamen whq were rescued being all that
were saved.
The Wateree was thrown ashore and left
high and dry about five hundred yards from
high-water mark. She was badly strained,
and her position was such that the expense of
any attempt to launch her would have exceeded
the value of the vessel. Under these circum-
stances it was deemed for the best interests of
the Government to sell her, and the necessary
directions were accordingly given. But a sin-
gle man was lost from the vessel, a seaman in
charge of the captain's gig on the beach, who
was carried out to sea by the waves.
Rear Admiral Turner was at Callao, in his
flag-ship, the Powhatan, when this calamity
occurred, and as a matter of security steamed
out of the harbor until the next morning. On
learning of the disastrous results of the earth-
quake at Arica, he proceeded to that point.
The Powhatan, on application of the authori-
ties of Peru, was permitted to convey surgeons,
nurses, &c., for the relief of the thousands of
sufferers at Arica. The commanding officer of
the Wateree also furnished such aid as he could
to the destitute inhabitants, with provisions
from the ship's supply. The senior officer at
Valparaiso promptly responded to an applica-
tion of the Chilian Government, by placing the
Tuscarora at the service of the authorities to
convey provisions and other necessaries to the
sufferers along the coast.
NAVY-YARD FACILITIES.
In the event of a war with any maritime
Power our battles are to be fought upon the
sea and not upon the land—by our fleets, not
by our armies. No nation of Europe can trans-
port any considerable military force to our
shores, but should it be attempted, they would
be met upon the ocean and there arrested by
our Navy, if it is maintained in a condition at
ali commensurate with our maritime ability,
and such as common prudence admonishes us
to have always ready to be put in commission.
Our floating bulwarks, not less than our harbor
fortifications, should receive attention ; • for,
though peace now prevails, and we hope and
expect its continuance, there may be war in
the not remote future, for which a wise and pru-
dent Government should be always prepared.
We are also admonished by the experience
of the past that among contending belligerents
the rights of neutrals are not always respected;
and the best guarantee against aggression is a
timely exhibition of our ability to maintain
the honor and rights of the country.
Unfortunate would be our condition should
the country be suddenly involved in hostilities
with one of the principal maritime Powers were
we no better prepared than when the late rebel-
lion commenced. Our navy-yards and estab-
lishments were then wholly inadequate to our
wants, and a large portion of the work was
consequently executed, often at great disad-
vantage and with great delay, by private par-
ties. This defect has been but partially reme-
died, for, notwithstanding our experience and
the improvements which have been made, none
of the navy-yards possess the area and ap-
pliances, nor have they the necessary establish-
meets and machinery for manufacturing en-
gines and armature, nor are we providing from
the abundant means which the country pos-
sesses the materials that should be collected in
anticipation of the national wants.
In none of our navy-yards is there more than
a single dry-dockland there are,but six in all—
three built of stone and three floating docks.
In the event of a maritime war this deficiency
would be seriously felt—perhaps to a greater
extent than any other of our pressing wants—
and it is worthy of consideration whether steps
should not be taken without delay to place our
naval establishments in this respect in a con-
dition approaching, at least, our relative im-
portance with other naval Powers. The dock-
yards at Cherbourg and Toulon in France, and
at Portsmouth in Great Britain, each contain
a greater number of dry-docks than ali our
yards combined; and some of the other dock-
yards of these Powers are but slightly inferior
to those named. While Great Britain, France,
and other maritime Powers are increasing their
dry-dock facilities, already far greater than
ours, we are doing nothing in this direction.
These and kindred subjects have been ad-
verted to in preceding reports, and need not
be recapitulated in detail, but could not be
wholly omitted.
REDUCTION OF THE FORCE IK NAVY-YARDS.
A reduction of the working force in the navy-
yards was commenced soon after the close of
the war by gradually dismissing the most in-
efficient and unreliable mechanics and laborers,
and retaining only the experts and most faith-
ful hands for continued permanent employ-
ment. This arrangement, while it relieved the
Department of the least profitable employes,
secured a body of skillful mechanics on whom
the Government could alwaj's depend, and who
would form a nucleus to initiate others in any
emergency. Hulls which had been commenced
in the navy-yards during the war were in
progress of construction and yet unfinished at
its close, for which engines were building under
contracts. To employ a small force of the best
mechanics to complete in due time the work
on these vessels was considered true economy,
and for the best .interests of the Government
in all respects. But the action of Congress
has necessitated a further reduction, so that
but a remnant of that body of superior me-
chanics who were employed during the war
remains, and they are engaged almost exclu-
sively in the repair and refitment of vessels.
These reductions have introduced changes,
and suggestions for improvements in other par-
ticulars have led to reforms, and a reorganiza-
tion of the management and government of the
several navy-yards. Of the -large gangs of
workmen that were employed in each of the
mechanical departments so few are retained
in any of the branches that masters to super-
vise the workmen are no longer required, and
they have accordingly been gradually dispensed
with as the work has diminished. Foremen
and quarter-men, who are skillful mechanics,
now perform the service which was assigned
to masters when the yards were filled with
mechanics.
These reforms, and a more correct distribu-
tion of navy-yard duties among the several
bureaus, which constitutes an essential feature
in the reorganization, whereby a more close
and rigid accountability prevails, have saved
annually many thousand dollars to the Govern-
ment at each of -the navy-yards.
Congress, by reducing the day s labor of
those who work for the Government to eight
hours instead of ten, has imposed on the De-
partment, as a necessity, the employment of a
larger number of hands to execute the same
amount of work; and if it was intended that
the per diem compensation for a working day
of ten hours in outside establishments should,
under the statute, fix the rate of wages in navy-
yards, twenty per cent.-is added to the cost of
labor.
