1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Iur. SHERMAN. I should like to know
what changes are made in the existing Jaw by
tins bill? la the only effect of it to provide
that the President shall not appoint the warden
of the jail, but that the supreme court of the
District shall appoint him?
Mr. HARLAN. That part has been stricken
out which relates to the change of the mode
of appointing the register of deeds. It now
changes the title of the office from register to
recorder, and fixes definitely the fees that the
recorder may receive, and also legalizes the
acts performed by the then incumbent, Mr.
Mood, after the decease of the old officer, in-
tervening between the date of his death and
the date of the appointment of the present
incumbent.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not transfer the
appointing power from the President to the
supreme court?
Mr. HARLAN. Not of the register.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does it transfer?
-Mr. HARLAN. It transfers the appoint-
ment of the warden of the jail from the Presi-
dent to the supreme court of the District.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the whole bill;
the substance of it? \
Mr. HA.RLAN. Yes, $r; that is the sub-
stance of it. ^ '
Mr. SHERMAN. It seenJs tp-me that the
President ought to appoint an dfficer of that
kind, an executive officer having in charge the
execution of the law. It seems to me that a
jailor or a sheriff ought never to be appointed
by a court. Formerly in all the States the
sheriffs wore appointed by the courts; but I
think the constitutions of all the States now
require them to be elected. In my opinion, a
jailor or a sheriff ought not to be appointed
by a court; but still, if the committee have
examiued the subject, I do not wish to inter-
pose. I think it bad policy to allow a court to
have any patronage whatever except the mere
appointment of 'a clerk—a person who dis-
charges a portion of its duties; but those who
are in custody of prisoners, such as a warden
or a jailor, are executive officers, and it seems
to me their appointment should be left to the
Executive. Still, if the committee have given
the matter attention, as I know very little
about it except in regard to the general prin-
ciple, I shall not interpose.
Mr. HARLAN. Ordinarily I would agree
with the Senator from Ohio. I think the
principle he has announced is correct; but in
this case I differ from him in opinion, having
observed the practice for a number of years
and the effect of it. Formerly the warden was
an appointee of the marshal of the District,
but by legislation it was made an independent
office. There is now no supervisory control
over that officer except that which the Presi-
dent of the United States may see proper to
exercise, and every Senator will perceive at
once that it is impossible that he should take
a personal supervision of the duties of that
office; and it was thought by the committee
that the best supervision we could establish
by law would be that of the supreme court of
the District. ' The jailor is in constant com-
munication with the court, and Ihey would be
very likely to know whether he is performing
his duty or not.
The bill wasieported to the Senate as amend-
ed, arid the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
thitd reading; and was read the third time,
and passed. Its title was amended to read,
"A bill to define the fees of recorder of deeds,
and to provide for the appointment of warden
of the jail in the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes."
WAGON-ROAD IN OREGON. \ J
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to take up Sfe
consideration of Senate bill No. 167.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 167) granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military wagon-
road from the navigable waters of Coos bay to
249
Roseburg, in said State, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with two amendments. Thefirstamend-
ment was to add at the end of the first section
the following words:
Or any lands to whieh homestead or preemption
rights have attached.
So that the proviso will read :
And provided further, That the grant hereby made
shall not embrace any minora! lands of the United
States or any lands to which homestead or pre-
emption rights have attached.
The amendment was agreed to.
# The next amendment was in section four,
line five, to strike out" ten,J aud insert "six;"
so that it will read :
That the State of Oregon is anthorized to locate
and use in the construction of said road an additional
amount ot public lands notpreviously reserved to the
United States nor otherwise disposed of, and not ex-
ceeding six miles in distance from it, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and was read the third time.
Mr. MOIllilLL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator from Oregon whether this will
obligate the United States to make up else-
where any deficiency on the line of the road,
provided there is not the full complement of
lands provided for ? I have not had time to
read the bill. It provides for a certain quan-
tity of land for ten miles. Now, if those lands
should be taken up and already settled and
paid tor, I want to know whether there is any
provision that the United States shall not be
compelled to make up the deficiency else-
where?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Senator
that the bill provides that only three alternate
sections on each side of the road shall be
granted ; and if those three sections have been
appropriated in any other way, then the defi-
ciency may be made up within six miles of the
road. That is all that the bill provides. It
does not provide, as many of the bills have
heretofore, that the road may go ten miles oti
each side, but it is confined, in the first place,
to three miles on each side of the line. If any
portion of the alternate sections within these
three miles have been taken up by settlers then
they may go out six miles on each side of the
road to make up the deficiency. That is the
provision of the bill.
Mr. MERRILL, of "Vermont. I suppose
that the principle upon which lands have here-
tofore been granted for railroads has been that
it would increase the price of those remaining
to the Government. If all the lands have been
taken up on the line of the road I can see no
more propriety in giving lands elsewhere to
build a road in a particular locality than there
would be to give lands to an old State. The
Government is to receive no benefit from it;
there is to be no doubling of the price of the
remainder of the lands held by the Govern-
ment ; and if the principle is to be adopted
here of giving lands in land States anywhere
without any regard to increasing the value of the
remaining lands in those States, it would seem
to me just as proper to give them to the old
States for building railroads as to the new
States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not favor any such
principle as the Senator opposes. He will see,
by looking at this bill, that the State can only
go six miles on each side of the road. The
land which they take, under any circumstances,
must be on the line of the road. In the first
place, they are only allowed to go three miles
on each side of the road; and if they do not
■jiiid the land then they are to go six miles on
each side of the road; so that the land is
located, in any event, on the line of the road.
I would not favor the passage of any bill that
authorized a State to take vacant lands in the
State wherever they could be found, to be ap-
propriated for the use of any particular locality.
I have a map here, and can exhibit the
condition of the country and the situation of
the points referred to if the Senator desires
to look at it; but I will state to the Senator
that Roseburg is the county seat of Douglas
county, and the chief town of the Umpqua
valley. ^ It is surrounded on all sides by mount-
ains. _ This bill proposes to assist in the con-
struction of a road from Roseburg to the nav-
igable waters of Coos bay through the Coast
Range of mountains, so that there may be
access to the ocean from Roseburg through
the mountains. It is a very difEcult and ex-
pensive road to construct, and it is very neces-
sary to the people there that they should have
this way of egress and ingress. The distance
is little more than fifty or sixty miles.
_ There are some small valleys in these mount-
ains in which the land may be worth some-
thing, and it is possible that there may be some
timber on the mountains that may be used by
the State in the construction of this road with
advantage. But it is a very short road. It
runs through a range of mountains which shuts
in Umpqua valley from the ocean. It will be
of great value to the people of the valley, and
enhance the price of the lands selected in the
neighborhood of Coos bay. There is a con-'
siderable quantity of land there that is available
for agricultural purposes, as I am informed,
a.nd if they can get into the interior of the
State across these mountains and back again
people will go there and settle on those lands,
and in that way it will be of advantage to the
Government. The grant is a very limited one,
and in view of the great advantages to the
people of the State I hope there will be no
serious objection made to the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is proper
that the Senate should know wherein this bill
is different from bills that are ordinarily passed
to aid the construction of military roads. It is
in the provision to which the Senator from Ver-
mont has called attentiou. 1 do not recollect
of any other Bills in which the deficit is alio wed
to be made up outside of the limits of the
grant. This is the adoption in regard to wagon-
road grants of the principle that applies to
railroad grants. Grants are made to railroads
of the alternate sections either six or ten miles
on each side of the road ; and if any portion
of the granted lands have been sold by the
Government or otherwise disposed of then the
deficiency is made up by the selection of lands
within a limited distance outside. Ordinarily
the grants to wagon-roads have been simply
the lands within a specified limit without this
right to make up the deficiency. I believe the
committee was induced to favor this bill in
consideration that the road passes through a
mountainous country to a very considerable
extent. If the road be well made it would
perhaps require very nearly fhe amount of land
that is granted. The road will be a costly one
to build, and the lands for a very considerable
distance in the mountains will not be of value.
Therefore, I believe, upon that reason the com-
mittee was willing that this provision should
be in the bill.
I think in this class of bills there ought to
be some requirement as to the character of the
road to be built. Congress makes a grant of
land for the construction of a wagon-road or a
military road, and there ought to be some
provision securing a road of value. But that
has seemed to be impracticable. We have not
been able yet to specify any plan. Thus far
Congress has left it to the States or Territories
in which the lands are grauted to secure a
suitable road.
I have stated the only difference in this grant
from the ordinary grants that have been made.
The committee supposed that the road will be
a useful one if it can be constructed. It will
be mainly through a region of country that is
not now inhabited, and that it will ba difficult
to settle perhaps, but it will connect a desir-
able part of the country with the coast.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish simply to correct
the honorable Senator from Indiana in sup-
posing that this bill inaugurates a new princi-
