1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to *be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time ; and passed.
order of business.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up for consideration the
bill (S. No. 871) to authorize the transfer of
lands granted to the Union Pacific Railway
Company, eastern division, to the Denver Pa-
cific .Railway and Telegraph Company, and to
expedite the completion of railroads to Denver
in the Territory of Colorado. I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I object until I make
some reports.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Reports are in order.
president and vice president-elect.
Mr. MORTON. The joint committee ap-
pointed by the two Houses to notify General
Grant of his election as President of the United
States and Schuyler Colfax of his election as
Vice President of the United States on Saturday
performed that duty, in reply to which General
Grant submits to Congress the following writ-
ten acceptance, which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Gentlemen : PI ease notify the two Houses of Con -
gress of my acoeptance of the important trust to
which I have been elected, and of which you have
just notified me, and say to them that it will be my
endeavor to so discharge it that they and those who
elected them shall have no reason to regret their
action."
Mr. MORTON. Mr. Colfax, on being
notified, directed me to report the following,
which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Gentlemen: Please convey to the two Houses of
Congress my acocptance of tho office to which I have
been elected by the people of the United States, and
assure them that I shall endeavor to prove worthy
of this mark of confidence by fidelity to principle
and duty."
reports op committees.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 699) for the relief of the daughters of
General Charles F. Smith, deceased, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 211) for setting apart a
portion of the Fort Snelling military reserva-
tion for a permanent military post and the
settlement of all claims in relation thereto ;
reported it without amendment.
Mr. NYE. I desire to call up Senate bill
No. 860; and I assure Senators it will not take
one minute to pass it.
Mr. STEWART. I want to pass a bill
removing disabilities, if possible.
Mr. NYE. I had an opportunity to call up
this bill on Saturday, but I yielded to allow a
report to be made and lost the opportunity.
Mr. CRAGIN. I shall be compelled to
object to the taking up of any bill until the
morning business is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
bill be read by its title for information.
Mr. CRAGIN. I believe reports of com-
mittees are in order now.
Mr. NYE. I will give way to reports.
The Chief Clerk. The title of the bill pro-
posed to be taken up is a bill (S. No. 860) for
the relief of Wright Duryea.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there any objection ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I object until I can
make my reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
at this time. Reports are in order.
Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
iern tones, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 42) to provide for the registration of elect-
ors in the i erntories of the United States,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up House bill No.
1746. It is a bill to remove political disabili-
ties, and it will take but a moment to pass it.
Mr. MORTON. I trust the Senator will
wait until the morning business is disposed of.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to taking up the
bill now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 790) for the relief of Mrs. Sarah E.
Brooker, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 910) granting pen-
sions to the minor children of Martin N. Slo-
cum, deceased, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
svas referred the bill (H. R. No. 1749) grant-
ing a pension to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of
North Carolina and a soldier of the war of
1812, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 859) granting a
pension to Ann E. Russell, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No.1741) grant-
ing an increase of pension to Emily B. Bid-
well, widow of Brigadier General Daniel D.
Bidwell, and to Sarah Hackleman, widow of
Brigadier General Pleasant A. Hackleman,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, reported
adversely thereon:
A petition of Samuel Cleveland, praying to.
be allowed a pension;
A petition of John Woodworth, praying to
be allowed arrears of pension ;
A petition of Cyrus E. Baker, praying to be
allowed a pension ; and
A petition of John Sias, praying to be
allowed an increase of pension.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Richard Mangan,
praying to be allowed a bounty, asked to be
discharged from its farther consideration and
that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitious, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to :
A petition of citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that a pension be granted to Miss Mary
McGinnis; and
A petition of Daniel Cole, praying to be
allowed a pension.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel B. Lewis,
reported a bill (S. No. 937) granting a pen-
sion to Daniel B. Lewis ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Hodgson,
reported a bill (S. No. 938) granting a pension
to Mary Hodgson; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Agnes Ellen Kleiss,
reported a bill (S. No. 939) granting a pension
to Agnes Ellen Kleiss; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Augustus W.
Punchard, reported a bill (S. No. 940) grant-
ing arrears of pension to Augustus W. Pun-
chard ; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred thepetition of Benjamin C. Stone,
reported a bill (S. No. 941) granting a pension
to Benjamin C. Stone; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah E. Haines,
reported a bill (S. No. 942) granting a pension
to Sarah E. Haines; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elmira Scott,
reported a bill (S. No. 943) granting a pension
to Elmira Scott; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Roswell W. Silsber,
reported a bill (S. No. 944) granting a pension
to Roswell W. Silsber; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whorn-
was referred the petition of Eliza Shelton,
Nancy Shelton, Cesena Metcalf, Nancy King,
Patsey J. Shelton, Sarah Metcalf, Cloa Shel-
ton, and Mary Franklin, reported a bill (S.
No. 945) granting pensions to Eliza Shelton,
Nancy Shelton, Cesena Metcalf, Nancy King,
Patsey J. Shelton, Sarah Metcalf, Cloa Shel-
ton, and Mary Franklin, and their children
under the age of sixteen years; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred a resolution ro pay
the extra messengers and clerks to committees
employed and on duty in the Senate at the re-
cess of Congress July 27, 1868, for the period
embraced in the said recess, have had the same
under consideration, and instructed me to re-
port it back with the recommendation that it
be indefinitely postponed. I ask for the pres-
ent consideration of the recommendation of
the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be con-
sidered now. Let it go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. HOWARD. The joint Committee on
Ordnance have instructed me to make a re-
port, accompanied with testimony and also by
a bill (S. No. 946) to establish an ordnance
commission and to consolidate the ordnance
department with the artillery. I ask that the
report and testimony be printed.
The bill was read a first time by its title,
and passed to a second reading.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to print the report
and testimony.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to suggest
that I think that is simply an addition to the
printing expenses of this country without a
sufficient return. I do not suppose any Sen-
ator will ever read that report with a view of
deciding whether he ought to vote for the bill
or not. I shall not vote to print that mass of
matter. I believe it is somewhat of a personal
controversy. I move that the question of print-
ing the report and testimony be referred to the
Committee on Printing to decide.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
it shonld be referred to that committee under
the rule.
Mr. HOWARD. I can assure the Senator
from Indiana that the testimony is of great in-
terest in the science and practice of gunnery,
perhaps the most scientific testimony that has
ever been produced before.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion of printing will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
bill recommitted.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to recommit to the
Committee on Foreign Relations the bill (S.
No. 45) to provide for the defense of the north-
western frontier, which was reported as long
ago as March 12, 1867.
The motion was agreed to.
evening session on tuesday.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Committee on
Pensions have reported on all the matters re-
ferred to them by the Senate except one case,
which they will be ready to report upon by to-
morrow; and I am informed by the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions of the House
that Friday is set apart in that body for the
consideration of pension bills, so that they
can take up our pension bills and pass them if
