250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
pic. I am very confident that since I have been
here several bills have been passed providing
for wagon-roads that allowed the deficiency to
be made up from lands contiguous to the line
of (he road. And I know that one or two bills
of that kind have been passed at my instance
since I have been in the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to be
understood as saying that this is the only bill
of that kind. I say it is substantially a new
feature in this kind of legislation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should be perfectly
willing to have the three miles stricken out,
and the State allowed to go six miles on each
side, without any provision for the deficiency.
But this bill is remarkable in this respect, that
the State is confined to three miles in width
on each side, and, if I am not mistaken, here-
tofore these grants have extended six or ten
miles on each side. This is simply a provision
extending the right to the State to lake each
alternate section of land for three miles on
each side of the road, and if land is not found
in the three miles, then it may go six miles.
There is a provision in the bill that this road
shall be constructed " with such width, gradu-
ation, and bridges as to permit of its regular
use as a wagon-road, and in such other special
manner as the State ol Oregon may prescribe
and it is further provided that if it is not com-
pleted within five years no further sales shall
be made, but the lands remaining unsold shall
revert to the United States.
The bill was passed.
MESSAUB FROM THIS IIOUSH.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhkkkox, its Clerk, announced
that the llou.se had passed the following bills
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. It. No. 281) for the relief of
Edwin 15. iloag ;
A bill (II li. No. 0G7) to provide for the
removal ol the remains of Hon. W. T. Cogge-
shall, late minister of the United States at Ecua-
dor, to the United States ; and
A joint resolution (II. li. No. 380) for the
relief of Lewis I). Smith.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives bad passed the bill (S. No.
174) ibr the relief of Emma Wilson, of the
State of Indiana.
NATIONAL CURIUiNCY ACT.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Commit-
tee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 122) to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
by extending certain penalties to accessories,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment and recommend its passage. It is
a very short bill, to which I presume there will
be no objection, and there is some necessity for
its passage. I ask, therefore, that it may be
considered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is an
amendment reported merely to make the refer-
ence to the law accurate.
The amendment was read. It was, in line
five, to strike out "fifty-live" and insert "fifty-
two and in line eight, after the word
" thereof," to insert " approved February 25,
180" so as to make the hill read:
Tlmt every person who shall aid or abet anyofficer
or agent of any association in doing any of tbo acts
(•numerated in section fifty-two of an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currcncy secured by a
I 1o^bo of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation nud redemption thereof," approved Fob-
rua i y 25,18(3.}, with intent to defraud or deceive, shall
be liable to the same punishment therein provided
for the pi incipal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
say, in explanation, that recently a very great
fraud was committed in Boston, whereby either
a bank or the United States will suffer a loss
of $600,000 ; and it was found that while the
law enabled the officers of the bank to_ be
punished, it did not provide for the punish-
ment of those outside, not officers of the bank,
who had aided and abetted in the fraud. This
is merely to correct that, so that parties who
aid and abet such officers may also be punished.
I take it there will he no objection to the pas-
sage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third timo,
and passed.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution, re-
ceived from the House of Representatives,
were severally read twice by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of
Edwin B. Hoag—to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 967) to provide for the
removal of the remains of Hon. W. T. Cogge-
shall, late minister of the United States at
Ecuador to the United States—to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. S89) for the
relief of Lewis 1>. Smith—to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
land titles in nebraska.
Mr. THAYER. I move to take up, for con-
sideration, Senate bill No. 730.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a bill which was
reported this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
having been reported to-day, it will require
unanimous consent for its consideration.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
730) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to confirm the titles to certain lands in the
State of N'biaska," was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It declares that the
provisions and benefits of an act to confirm the
titles to certain lands in the State of Nebraska,
approved in I860, shall be extended to the east
half and northwest quarter of the southeast
quarter of section nine, township fifteen, range
thirteen, east sixth principal meridian, in
Douglas county, Nebraska; and confirms the
title thereto to the parties holding by deed
from the patentee.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
to fill the first blank with "25th," and the sec-
ond with "July sons to read, " approved the
25th day of July, A. D. 1868."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POME HOY. I will only say that this
bill relates to forty acres of land, the title to
which was not confirmed at the last session
because it was in litigation, but the matter has
now been settled, and this bill is merely to
confirm the title to the party that the court
gave it to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and was read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to a<k the Seii-
ator from Nebraska, so that there shall be no
doubt about it, whether he knows the fact that
the litigation in dispute between the claimants
in regard to this land has been settled ? This
piece of land was left by the committee out of
the bill of last year because there was a pend-
ing dispute, and some of us thought Congress
ought not to undertake to settle law suits. I
understand, though I have no satisfactory in-
formation on the subject, that that litigatiou
is at an end ; and that being so, it is proper to
settle the title so far as the Government of the
United States is concerned.
Mr. THAYER. As the Senator from Indi-
ana has stated, this tract of land was left out
of the bill passed last year, so as not to be
affected by it on account of the litigation then
existing. The parties to that litigation have
settled the question iti dispute, and all parties
now ask for the passage of this bill. I have
that information from the parties themselves.
It is the desire of all parties interested that
this bill shall pass.
The bill was passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following hill
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1598) to relieve from dis-
abilities R. W. Best and Samuel F. Phillips,
of North Carolina; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the
relief of Henry S. Gibbons, late postmaster
at St. John's, Michigan.
miss sum mckphey.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
625) for the relief of Miss Sue Murpliey, of
Decatur, Alabama.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mi^Presideiit, it was
not my purpose yesterday^when I obtained the
floor to make any extawed remarks upon the
bill now before the^Senate. I was surprised
when hostility shelved itself to this bill. It
seemed So nie so/obviously right that I could
not undenkancwhy Senators i'or whose judg-
ment I havefcso much respect should object to
it. Now, the facts are simply these, as 1 under-
stand them : these two girls owned a tract of
land near Decatur, in the State of Alabama,
on which there were houses and other improve-
ments. After that section of the State of Ala-
bama had come within the lines of the United
States Army, and was no longer under the con-
trol or within the lines of the confederate forces,
the commanding general found it to be import-
ant, with a view to future military necessities
and movements, to fortify the town of Decatur
and to make a strong position at that point.
Willi that view he made the order referred to
yesterday by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] and a further order was made direct-
ing the occupancy of the lands owned by these
two girls. The lands were taken possession
of, the house was removed, and upon the very
locality of the house Fort No. 1 was built.
Other parts of the land were occupied with rifle-
pits and other defenses. All the improvements
were removed, and the committee finds that
those improvements were of the value at least
of $7,000. The simple question is, whether
this property thus appropriated by the authority
of the United States ought to be paid for by
them; and upon a question like that there is
no room for doubt in my mind.
There are two objections urged. The first
will not do, in my judgment, in the Senate of
the United States. It is said that we cannot
afford to pay this class of claims ; that the
Treasury cannot bear the burden. Mr. Presi-
dent, this is an argument for repudiation ; and
if I am prepared to-day to say that these girls
have a just claim, a legal claim, a moral claim
against the Government of the United States
for their property wlvch it has taken, and if I
am prepared to say that that just and legal
claim shall not be paid because the Govern-
ment cannot well afford it and because the
people cannot well afford to pay it, then I am
prepared to say that the bondholder shall not
be paid, because I hold that the obligation of
the Government to pay for property which it
takes from the citizen is of as high a grade as,
if not a higher order of obligation than, that
resting simply on contract. There is no con-
stitutional obligation that the Government shall
always and in every instance observe its con-
tracts ; but there is a constitutional obligation
resting, as I hold, upon myself as a Senator
thjit the property taken by the Government
for public use shall be paid for.
And I think, sir, it will not do to say that
the Government is not able to pay its debts.
This property was worth $7,000. The com-
mittee so finds. It was taken from these girls
in 1864. There was a promise at that time by
