1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 15,
that there was no pretext for violating the law
in such a case.
Now, at some time we have had this ques-
tion up, and no investigation of this kind
has either been had or directed. It was once,
I know, before the Committee on Commerce,
of which I was then a member, and my friend
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] will recollect it
also; and it was then thought by that commit-
tee that in a particularly enumerated number
of cases, where the names were given and the
amounts due and the circumstances under
which the services were performed were known,
equity might require us to pay.
This bill is a sweeping one, which covers all
cases of that kind without a limitation, when
you take it altogether. I think a bill of that
kind had better be further considered; and I
think we ought to further consider this ques-
tion about the violation of law by the President
and his Cabinet, as it is called, which my friend
from Maine [Mr. Fessendek] it seems to me,
defends in rather too unlimited a way. If the
President and Cabinet are to be the dispensers
of statutes according to their own sense of
absolute and irresponsible discretion, where is
to be the end of that discretion? Which par-
ticular set of laws is it that they are to obey;
and which set is it that they are to dispense
with?
This was not a question of mere pay, as the
Senator from Maine supposed; but it was an
absolute prohibition, passed in 18G2, "that
hereafter every person elected or appointed to
office, except the President of the United
States, shall, before entering upon the duties
of said office, take and subscribe the following
oath or affirmation," which then proceeds to
declare that he has not been engaged in the
rebellion, and so on; absolutely disentitling the
citizen from performing the functions of office.
It is probably true, as the honorable Senator
from South Carolina says, that the logical
result of that would be that the money collected
by them was illegally collected, and it might
be recovered back by an action.
But the point to which I wish to draw the
attention of Senators is the question how far
are we to go in acquiescing in a known and
willful violation of the statutes of the United
States, passed within the pale of the Constitu-
tion, by the President or any head of a De-
partment, or all of them put together. How
long is it to be, when we are traveling in the
line of that precedent, before every law will be
executed or not executed, obeyed or not obeyed,
as it may suit the discretionary convenience
of the head of some Department ? This is not
the only instance. If it were, we might say that
we could retreat from one precedent; but you
willfind,ifyou examine thecourse of various of
the Departments—and I have two or three of
them in my eye—that it is coming to bo rather
the fashion than otherwise for a Department to
set itself up as the judge, not only of the con-
struction ot a statute, but whether it is wise
and expedient to put it into force. I think there
is some point where we ought to stop, and at
least protest against that usurpation of author-
ity ; and I find no better opportunity now than
this one for me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow mc to make a remark.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This bill is evi-
dently going to occupy some time, and after
fte notice 1 gave some days ago I fee! justi-
fied in asking the Senate, and I make that
motion, t,o postpone all prior orders and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to go at length
into the discussion of the bill now before the
Sena,te ; but I wish to call attention to the mag-
nitude ot the question involved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator will
permit me to suggest that this subject will be
up to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator to indulge
me for one moment. What I shall say will be
legitimate on the question which he has pre-
sented, which is of proceeding to the other bill.
I wish to make a remark on the magnitude of
the question involved in the bill under discus-
sion. So far as I understand, the act of Con-
gress which the President and his Cabinet under-
took to set aside was the first great measure
of reconstruction. It was the corner-stone of
reconstruction. The President undertook to
set it aside; and he found as his agent in that
the Secretary of the Treasury. Now, sir, I am
about to make a remark which I made often at
the time, and which I think I shall be justified
now in repeating. In my opinion, the Presi-
dent of the United States ana the Secretary of
the Treasury ought to have been forthwith im-
peached for that act. They undertook to set
aside, deliberately, an act of Congress, a great
measure of public policy, one of the most im-
portant measures ever enacted. The powers
of the other House slumbered too long. They
ought to have been invoked at once for the
prosecution of the President and of his agent.
That was not done. And now, thus tardily,
we are called upon to pay the men who were
enlisted in this service through the contumacy
of the Secretary of the Treasury. That is all I
have to say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for a vote
on my motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say one word—
I shall not occupy a moment—as I have been
referred to. Had I not been, I should not,
perhaps, have uttered a word. This neces-
sity, as it was supposed, was discovered in
1865, immediately after the rebellion termin-
ated, and before Congress could convene. The
question arose how the Secretary of the Treas-
ury should enforce the revenue laws in those
States that had been recently in rebellion. He
reported that he had been unable to find re-
sponsible persons, qualified persons, to dis-
charge this duty. There was at the time a dif-
ference of opinion among the members of the
Cabinet whether sueh persons could be found
or not; but there was no difference of opinion
as to his duty to enforce the law; and it was
believed by all that if he did find it impossible
to enforce the revenue laws without employing
persons who could not take that oath, it was
liis duty, nevertheless, to have the laws enforced
and collect the revenues; that it was not for
the interest of the people in those States to
collect the revenues, but it was to the interest
of the Government of the United States that
they should bear their proportion of the public
burdens. It was, therefore, in the interest of
the people of the whole country that the tax
laws should be enforced ; and it was believed
at that time by the President, and I think every
member of the Cabinet, that if the necessity
really existed Congress would, as soon as it
convened, so modify the law as to enable the
head of that Department to enforce the rev-
enue laws, which enforcement was a burden
on those people and not a privilege. The Sec-
retary proceeded with that understanding, that
he would report the fact to Congress as soon
as Congress should convene, believing that the
proper remedy would be provided by Congress
in its wisdom when they should afterward come
together. That is the whole history of the case.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the Senator from
Maine will allow us to have a vote on this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator cannot expect
to have a vote on this question now. It must
be discussed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine to postpone the present and all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Indian
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 25, noes 16.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Attorney General,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 5th instant, corre-
spondence and papers relative to the case of the
United States vs. Yincente P. Gomez, involving
the title to the land called " Panoche Grande.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe those papers are
not very voluminous. I therefore move that
they be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore, also laid be-
fore the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, relative to the division of the tribal
funds of the Pottawatomie Indians, as provided
in the third article of treaty of November 15,
1861; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
evening session on wednesday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from Maine to allow me to ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to take up a
private bill, which will not occupy a moment,
and which it is rather important should be
passed. It is a bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lauds, relative to some lands
in Michigan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
proposed to be taken up will be read for in-
formation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the suggestion of
the Senator from Maine, I waive the motion
for the present.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Maine
to give me a single moment to make a request.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will hear what
you have to say.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to set apart
Wednesday evening next for the purpose of
considering bills reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs. There are some fifteen or
twenty bills that I should like to have con-
sidered.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. It is moved
that Wednesday evening next be set apart for
the purpose of considering bills reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. Has not that evening
already been set apart for other business?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore I think not.
Mr. WILSON. That evening is not engaged;
but all the other evenings of the week are, as I
understand.
The motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1738)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending 80th June,
1870.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations will be consid-
ered as they are reached in the reading of the
bill. No objection being made, that course
will be pursued.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was in section one,
line eleven, to strike out the word "eight"
and insert the word " nine," and after the word
"agents" to insert " for the fiscal year ending
June 80, 1870," and in line thirteen to strike
out the word " thirteen " before "thousand "
and insert "fourteen," and after the word
'' thousand'' to strike ont the word " two " and
insert "seven so that the clause will read:
For tlio pay of eleven superintendents of Indian
affairs and of fifty-nine Indian agents for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1870, $114,700.
Mr. HARLAN. The text ought to be amend-
ed so as to read, " twelve superintendents " in-
stead of' 'eleven," an d the appropriation should
be $116,700. I move so to amend the amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line two hundred and
twenty-three to strike out "four" and insert
" five" before "hundred."
The amendment was agreed to.
