1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
tana, Idaho, and Washington. It was stated
that in consequence of Indian hostilities on
nearly the whole of the line the service was
unreliable, of no value to the Department, and
would be discontinued in the spring unless a
marked improvement occurred. As there was
no improvement, the service was discontinued
from March 80, 1868; but at the last session
of Congress a resolution was adopted, as fol-
lows :
"Remlvfd.&c., That the Post master General is here-
by authorized to change the character of the mail
gei vice from Port Abercrombie, Dakota Territory, to
Helena, Montana Territory, to post-coach service."
No service existed on the route at the date
of this resolution, and the resolution is not
mandatory in its terms; but, considering it as
indicating that the legislative will required
that the mail should be carried, and on post-
coaches, and acting on the supposition that a
special appropriation would be made to meet
the expense, an advertisement was issued July
28, 1868, inviting proposals for service from
January 1, I860, to June 30, 1872, three times
a week, in four-horse post-coaches. Th'e low-
est bid received was that of Leach, Piper, and
Montgomery, of Kittaning, Pennsylvania, at
$194,000 per annum, which was accepted Oc-
tober 2, 1868, and contracts have since been
executed.
The service on the route from Sheridan (on
the eastern divison of the Union Pacific rail-
road) to Santa F6 lias been increased from
three to six trips a week, and the schedule
lime reduced to four days in summer. The
service is well performed, though still occa-
sionally interrupted by hostile Indians.
The important route from Salt Lake City to
The Dalles, Oregon, has been relet from 1st
October last for six-times-a-week service, at
the rate of $149,000 per annum, a saving, as
compared with the last contract, of $164,000
per annum.
KEADJUSTlir.XT OF PAY OX RAILROAD ROUTES.
The 80th June, 1868, being the period for
the expiration of the term of contracts for
transporting mails in the States of New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland,_ and Ohio",
the Department, in anticipation of the close
of the term, entered upon a systematic revision
and readjustment of the rates of pay on rail-
road routes in those States, based upon re-
turns of the weight of the mails conveyed and
the accommodations provided for mails and
agents of the Department, received in response
to the "railroad weight circular" referred to
in the last annual report, (page 11.) Wherever
the returns required or justified a change from
the former rate a circular (a copy of which is
annexed) was addressed to the proprietors of
the route, submitting the offer of the Depart-
ment and explaining its purpose. In many
instances the terms offered have, after con-
siderable correspondence, been accepted, and
contracts made accordingly. In others, though
format'contracts are not executed, the Depart-
ment has proceeded to settle for the service
for the first quarter of the new term at the
rates offered. Many routes in other States
than those above named have been brought
np for review, upon application made by the
proprietors of the railroads interested, and in
every case where the returns showed a read-
justment to be proper it has been ordered.
Thus the rates have been changed upon seventy-
one routes in all, as appears in the annexed
"table showing the readjustment of the rates
of pay per mile on certain railroad routes,
based upon returns of the weight of the mails
conveyed and the accommodations provided
for mails and agents of the Department.'' The
routes are arranged, as in table E in the last
annual report, not by States, but according
to the rate of pay. the highest being first, and
those of equal pay according to the average
weight carried the whole distance, and the
table is accompanied by an alphabetical index,
for easy reference. The total amount of the
annual pay upon these routes, tinder the re-
adjustment, it will be seen, is $926,043 20,
and the total amount of the farmer annual
pay §775,722 50—an excess of the present
over the former of $150,320 70. In reaching
this result the rates on more than one hun-
dred and fifty routes, being more than one
third of the whole number of railroad routes
in the service of the Department, have passed
under review.
In connection with this subject it may be
proper to state that at different times within
the months of January, February, and March
last, while Congress was in session, there were
submitted to the Department, in behalf of a
"committee on mail service" appointed at a
national railroad convention previously held,
several schedules of proposed changes in the
rates of pay for the transportation of mails on
railroad routes, and finally the draft of an
act oil the subject, to be submitted, if approved
by the Postmaster General, to the Post Office
Committees of the House and Senate. The
proposed act provided that in all contracts
hereafter to be made with railroad companies
for the transportation of the mail the rates of
compensation should be, at the option of the
Postmaster General, in proportion either to the
weight of matter to be transported or to the
number of cubic feet of car space which the
Department might require for the accommoda-
tion of its mails and agents. The schedule'of
rates prescribed in the act allowed upon every
mile of actual transportation seven cents forcar
space per day not exceeding 25 cubic feet, or
weight per day not exceeding 250 pounds; 12
cents for car. space per day exceeding 25 and
not exceeding 50 cubic feet, or weight per day
exceeding 250 and not exceeding 500 pounds;
and so on, ascending, by a similar sliding scale
until for 2,600 cubic feet, the largest amount
of " car space'' found upon any route reported,
the rate reached 115 cents for every mile of
transportation. The proposed act provided
further that an additional sum of one dollar
should be allowed for every mile run by a train
specially required to be run for the transporta-
tion of the mail, and twovcents per mile for
transporting in the passenger cars any agent
traveling on the business of the Department,
route agents to be transported free, but at their
own risk.
Among the other papers was a "compara-
tive statement," purporting to show the effect
of the adoption of the committee's rates upon
the whole cost of the railroad mail service in
operation, by which it was made to appear that
a diminution of thirty-eight per cent, would
result, leaving out of the account all car space
beyond the amount required to transport the
mails as freight, allowing a cubic foot for
every ten pounds' weight; and this thirty-
eight per cent., it was suggested by the com-
mittee, would probably be more than sufficient
to cover the cost of extra car service required
for the use of route agents and postalclerks.
It was found, however, upon estimating the
car space used upon the first seven routes in
table E in the last annual report, (pages 72-
85,) allowing six and a half feet for the height
of the car ceiling, as suggested by the com-
mittee, that the thirty-eight per cent, would be
insufficient to cotfer the amount of transporta-
tion shown upon those routes alone at the
committee's rates. To ascertain, therefore,
the real effect which the adoption of the pro-
posed rates would have upon the annual cost
of mail transportation on railroad rates, a state-
ment was made up in the Department, predi-
cated upon the "car service" and actual
transportation already in use, as shown in
table E in the last annual report, by which it
was found that the increase of expense would
be enormous. , '
Thus, for illustration, on the Philadelphia,
Wilmington, and Baltimore railroad mail apart-
ments of eight different sizes were repo'ted,
which were estimated to average 1,750 e.ibic
feet. For this amount of "car space" the
schedule prescribed in the proposed actallowed
81 cents per mile. The number of trips on the
route was reported at 28 per week. Bach trip
including the run forth and back, the number
of trips must be doubled to find the amount of
transportation per week on each mile of the
road's length, making 56 miles, and .this again
multiplied by 52 to find the amount per annum,
making 2,912 miles, which, at 81 cents per
mile, would give §2,358 72 as the pay per an-
num for every mile of the road's length. The
present rate is $375. The disparity on some
other routes would be still greater, the rates
running up from $75 to $2,000 and more, and
from $200 to $3,000 and more. On the whole
amount of railroad mail service in operation
on the 30th of June, 1867, the effect would be
to increase the annual expense from $3,812,600
to $21,710,023, an cxcessof $17,897,423. The
Department forbearing, upon such a showing,
to take any part in presenting the proposed act
to the Post Office Committees of the two Houses
of Congress, has proceeded with the work of
readjusting the rates of pay on railroad routes
upon a scale within the limits of existing laws
and much more compatible with the resources
at its command.
POST-ROUTE MAPS.
During the past year an engraved post-route
map, in four sheets, has been completed by
the topographer, and copies issued for the use
of the Department, representing the post offices
and mail service in the State of New York and
its connections with adjacent States and with
the Dominion of Canada.
This map, along with that previously pub-
lished, representing the northeastern States,
has been found of great use in the several
branches of this Department in its current work
to postmasters and others, and especially to
the clerks of the traveling (railroad) post
offices, in sorting and distributing letters.
A similar map of the States of Pennsylva-
nia, New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland was
expected to have been issued before tliis, but
the large amount of work required in compila-
tion from insufficiently surveyed State- and
county maps, and the very extended and min-
ute scrvice in those States to be represented,
have delayed the issue. The plates are expected
from the engraver within three months. _
The map of the State of Maine and adjacen-
cies is also well advanced in the engraver s
hands, and will be completed about the same
time.'
Drawings are being prepared for the map of
Ohio and Indiana; and those of other States,
in groups, will be taken up as fast as the peculiar
nature and the magnitude of this work will
allow.
B'lXES AND DEDUCTIONS.
The amount of fines imposed on contractors
and deductions made from their pay,_ on ac-
count of failures and other delinquencies, dur-
ing the year ending June 30,1868, was $116,609,
and the amount remitted duriug the same pe-
riod was $70,795, leaving the net amount of
fines and deductions $45,814.
MAIL-BAGS, MGKS, AND KEYS.
A table herewith shows the number, descrip-
tion, and cost of mail-bags, locks, and keys
purchased during the year, the amount ex-
pended for new mail-bags being $58,016 87,
or nearly 28 per cent, less than the expenditure
for like objects during the previous year, when
it amounted to $80,440.
During the fiscal year last ended new con-
tracts for mail-bags were made, after due ad-
vertisement for proposals, according to law, at
prices averaging, for those ot canvas about
twenty per cent, less, and for those of leather
about twelve and a half per cent, more, than
the prices of the last contracts.
