1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
The next amendment^was, after line fifteen
hundi-ed and fifty-one, to add:
"VVyandotts:
To pay tor the services of three persons, to bs ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior, to ascer-
tain and report the amount of money, if any, duo by
the United States to said Indians under existing
treaties, Ac., per thirteenth article treaty February
23, 1867, $3,000.
Tbe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line fifteen
hundred and fifty-eight, to add the following :
Ott^was:
So pay the claim of J. T. Jones, being for destruc-
tion by fire of his dwelling and other property by
whites in 1856, per eighteenth article treaty Febru-
ary 23,1867, $6,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line one
thousand five hundred and sixty-four, to insert
the following:
Peorias, Ivaskaskias.Weas, ,^nd Piankeshaws :
To amount to be paid per capita from the sum of
$169,686 75invested for said Indians, per act of Con-
gress July 12, 1862, per twenty-fourth article treaty
February 23,1867, $25,000.
For this amount to be taken from the invested
fund of said Indians and to be paid to the tribe pur
..etipita, to assist tiieaa in establishing themselves on
.their new homes, per twenty-fourth article treaty
February 23,1867, $30,000.
- For tliis amount, being the balance of interest, at
five percent, per annum on 839,950 held by the United
States from July, 1857, till vested in Kansas bonds
in December, 1861, per twenty-fourth article treaty
February 23,1867, $3,700.
For first of, six installments for pay of blacksmith,
and for necessary iron and steel and tools, per
twenty-seventy article treaty February, 1867, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line fifteen
hundred and eighty-eightto add, the following:
Sac and Fox Indians of the Mississippi:
For amount necessary to pay to the Sac and Fox
Indians, at the rate of one dollar per acre for one
hundred and torty-seven thousand threo hundred
and ninety-three and thirty-two one hundredth
acres of land (being the residue of one hundred and
fifty-seven thousand acres ceded to the United States,
after deducting the amount of land set apart for
individuals) per third article treaty February 18,
1867, $147,393 32.
For erection of a dwelling-houso for the agent of
said tribe, a house and sbop for a blacksmith, and
dwelling-house for a physician, per sevonth article
treaty February 18,1867, $6,000.
For first of five installments for the support of a
physician and purchase of mcdicines,per tenth article
treaty February 18.1867, $1,500.
For first of five instal lin ents for supplying said tribe
with tobacco and salt, per tenth article treaty Feb-
ruary 18, 1867, $350.
To pay tho claim of theSaes andFoxes against the
United States for stoaling of stock, per fifteenth
article treaty February 18,1867, $16,400.
For amount necessary to pay the expenses of ne-
gotiating this treaty, per nineteenth article treaty
February 18,1867, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after, line
sixteen hundred and twenty-one, the following:
Tabequache, Muaeh(v; Capote, Weeminuche,
Yampa, Grand River, and Uintah bands of
U las:
For construction of a warehouso or store-room
at each of the agencies, for the use of the agent in
storing goods belonging to tho Indians. $1,500 each,
per fourth article treaty March 2,1868, $1,5U0.
For erecting an agency building lor the residence
of the agent at each of the agencies. 43,000 each, per
fourth article treaty March 2,1868, $3,000.
For construction of four buildings, for carpenter,
farmer, blacksmith, and miller, at each of tho agen-
cies, $2,600 each, per fourth articlo treaty March 2,
1868, $8,000.
For pay of two carpenters, two millers, two farm-
ers, and one blacksmith, per fourth and fifteenth
articles troaty March 2,1868, $4,500.
For purchase of iron and steel and the necessary
tools for the blacksmith shop, per ninth article treaty
March 2,1868, $<J20.
For first of thirty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of tho Interior,
Tor clothes, blankets, and such other articles as he
may think proper and necessary, per eleventh article
treaty March 2,1868. 830,000.
. For annual amount to be expended under the di-
rection of tbe Secretary of the Iuterior, in supply-
ing said Indians with beef, mutton, wheat, flour,
"®ai}s' apd potatoes, until such time as said Indians
snail round to be capable of .sustain ing themselves,
twelfth article treaty March 2,1868, $30,000.
ior this amount, to be expended under the direc-
1 , i Secretary of the Interior in providing
each lodae or head of a family in said confederated
panels with onegentle^jxieriean cow, as distinguished
from the ordinary Mexican or Texas breed, and five
1&8 $°45 000ep' per tmmenth artiole treaty March 2,
Mr. HARLAN. The Comthittee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to move to amend
the amendment by striking out in line sixteen
hundred and twenty-nine " $1,500" and insert-
ing " $3,000." There are two agencies, I will
remark, and two houses to be constructed.
This will give $1,500 for the construction of
each house.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
objection to that. It is only a change of the
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line sixteen hundred
and thirty-one, I move to strike out " $3,000"
and insert " $1,500." In that case there arc
two buildings to be erected instead of one. '
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line sixteen hundred
and thirty-five, between the word "the" and
"agencies," I move to insert the word "two,"
and after the word "agencies" to strike out
"$2,000" and insert " $1,500," and in line
sixteen hundred and thirty-seven to strike out
the word "eight" and insert "twelve;" so as
to make the clause read :
For tho construction of four buildings, for car-
penter, farmer, blacksmith, andmiller, attach of the
two agencies, $1,500 each, per article treaty March
2,1868, $12,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have also instructed me to move to
amend line sixteen hundred and forty by strik-
ing out " $4,600" and inserting " $7,000."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have also instructed me to move to
amend by inserting after line sixteen hundred
and thirty-three:
For the construction of two school-houses as per
fourth article treaty March 2,1868, $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I doubt whether
that is a fit thing to do. I beg to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Iowa, who is more con-
versant with this service than I am, to the
phraseology of the treaty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from
Maine was kind enough to say awhile ago that
he would let me interrupt him to call up a pri-
vate bill. With his permission I ask unanimous
consent to take up Senate bill No. 896.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
only be done by unanimous consent. Is there
any objection to taking up tbe bill mentioned
by the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a bill I have been
trying for a couple of weeks to get considered.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think in a very few minutes
this bill can be progressed with to a point where
the Committee on Indian Affairs will ask to
have it go over I think in time for the Senator
from Indiana to call up his bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is the pro-
vision under which this amendment is pro-
posed :
"Also a school-house or a mission-building sosoon
as a sufficient number of children cau be induced by
the agent to attend school."
The Committee on Appropriations had no
information that the time had arrived when
there were sufficient scholars to justify the
appropriation. It will be seen that it depends
upon the contingency of there being a sufficient
number of children. If the Committee on
Indian Affairs have knowledge on that subject,
very well ; but I should doubt whether it is
worth while to make the appropriation until
that contingency, on which it is evidently made
to depend, shall occur.
Mr. HARLAN. The fact that induced the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move this
amendment is this: the Indian appropriation
bill for the next succeeding year will probably
not be acted upon in the Senate until a year
from next June; in the mean time these
Indians will have been moved to their reser-
vation, and it was thought that while they were
engaged in the erection of agency buildings the
school-houses could-be provided for and put
up at a much cheaper rate than they could be
erected afterwards, and we only propose one
half the amount provided for in the treaty.
The treaty, I think, says "not to exceed $10,000
each." The committee thought if an appro-
priation of $5,000 should be made now for each
of these school-houses while the other build-
ings were going up they could be erected for
that sum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg to correct
my friend. The treaty says the school-houses
shall pot cost over $5,000 each.
Mr. HARLAN. Then it was _ some other
matter I had in my mind for which the esti-
mate was $10,000. This is for two Indian
tribes. It is true they are to live on the same
reservation, but a considerable distance apart;
and it was thought these school-houses ought
to be put up where the other buildings were
going on. I am told there are seven thousand
of these Indians in the aggregate, and they
ought to have a school-house large enough to
contain a small per cent, of their offspring at
least.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This I know is
in harmony with the estimates, but as the
Committee on Appropriations really had no
information that the contingency had trans-
pired upon which this appropriation was to be
made, of course we did not propose it. Now,
if the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, whose business it is to know the par-
ticular demands of that service, thinks the
estimates are right, I do not know that we
ought to oppose his amendment.
The amendment to tho amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment, to insert
after line sixteen hundred and thirty-seven :
For the erection on said reservation, near each
agency, of a good water-power saw-mill, with grist-
mill and a shingle-machine attached, as per fourth
article treaty, March 2, 186S, $16,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not sure
that that is quite justified by the provision of
the treaty. I will read it:
"The United States agree further to cause to be
erected on said reservation, near to each agency
herein au'horized, respectively, a good water-power
saw-mill, with grist-mill and shingle-machine at-
tached, at a cost not exceeding $8,000 each."
Then there is this proviso:
' 'Provided, That the same shall not be erected until
such time as the Secretary of the Interior may think
it necessary for the wants of the Indians."
I inquire whether the Senator has any in-
formation on that subject?
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs supposed that the Secretary of the In-
terior had given that information by making
the estimate for the appropriation. Then it
will strike the common practical sense, I think,
of every one that a saw-mill ought to be built
among the first structures that go up, for they
will have to rely on the work of the saw-mill
for material out of which to erect the other
buildings.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in line seventeen
hundred and fifty-nine to strike out " fifteen "
and insert "thirty-seven" before the word
"thousand," and after the word "thousand"
to insert "eight hundred ; " so that the clause
will read :
For the Witchitas and other affiliated bands:
For the sipenses of colonizing, supporting, and fur-
nishing said bands with agricultural implements and
stock, pay of necessary employes, purchase of cloth-
ing, medicines, iron and steel, and maintenance of
schools, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, $37,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen
hundred and sixty-three to strike out " forty"
and insert" sixty;" so that the clause will read:
For the purchase of eattle for beef and milk, to-
gether with clothing and food, teams, and faming
tools Tor Indians in California, $60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
