2ot>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
how that is. The subsequent events do not
change the status of tiie locality when it was
seized. The point is, whether at the time the
occupation of this locality was made it was
"enemy territory." One cannot be made a
wrongdoer by events that occur or do not occur
weeks after the act being considered was done
and completed.
Another point is taken on the facts of the
case, namely, that this property was taken for
the use of the Army, and is therefore distin-
guishable from ail other classes of claims for
the destruction of property. I submit that
there is no proper distinction between the use
made of this property and the damage which
was done generally to the property of the South.
This was the property ot' a loyal lady taken for
the erection of a fortification. A few doors
from her is another house belonging to another
loyal citizen, and this is taken for the occupa-
tion of our troops, and is by them injured.
Another house of a loyal citizen it is necessary
to tear down that our artillery may have free
play. The cattle of another are driven off to
keep them from being used for the support of
the enemy.
Mr. President, property that is destroyed in
the enemy's couutry to weaken the enemy is
just as truly devoted to the use of the nation
as is that which is taken and used to strengthen
and support our own forces. There is 110
difference.
in the fall of 1804 General Grant ordered
General Hunter to enter the Shenandoah val-
ley, and, using the words of the order, "to take
all provisions, forage, and stock wanted for the
use of your command, and that such us you
caniiotconsumedestroy." The Army marched
thiough tlmt beautiful valley, ravaged all their
field-!, and destroyed their crops. Afterward,
in October, 1 think, Sheridan marched through,
and reported that he had burned two thousand
barns tilled with grain; had burned seventy
nulls filled with flour ; that he had taken four
thousand head of cattle, and three or four
thousand head of sucep, and a large number of
horses, and that he had laid that whole valley
waste. According to the doctrine insisted on
that winch the troops could not in their waste-
ful use consume, is not to be compensated for,
but that which they could so consume we are to
pay for. Was not that which was destroyed so
that rebels could not harbor in that valley
devoted to a public use as well as that which
whs prodigally consumed? Whatever weakens
the enemy is taken for purposes of war just as
much as what strengthens our own forces.
\V hoover before heard the doctrine avowed that
a nation must pay for what itused in an enemy's
country? it is sustained by no authority.
Here J leave this subject. The truth is, war
is a terrible calamity, and all the people have
ft-H its burdens ; and are we to step in now and
say that Uie southern loyalists alone shall be
exempt Irom its inflictions? Ilave they done
more than their duty? The North have been
lavish m their expenditure of blood and treas-
ure, and are now borne down by taxal ion. The
Congress of the United States should hesitate
long before making all the evils which natur-
ally lail upon the whole country the burden
o( the tax paying portion of the nation. It ia
contrary to law and it is contrary to justice.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
I icsident, there used to be a saying when I
was a boy that some things could be done as
well as others, it seems to me that some
things can be done a great deal better than
others if, as my gallant friend from Kentucky
said the other day, there happens to be a fair
lady in the case. Now, i happen to know
that there is a case before the Committee on
Claims of this nature: the citizens of Loudoun
county, or a portion of the citizens of Loudoun
county, Virginia, came to the House of Rep-
resentatives last session with a bill askin" for
damages to the extent of over $250,000 for
property taken by General Sheridan in his pas-
sage through the valley. That bill passed the
House and came here to the Senate, and was
lost just at the lust hour of the session, I be-
lieve through the influence of the Senator
from Iowa. Those people were perfectly loyal.
They are Quakers, non-combatants. When
the question of secession was agitated in Vir-
ginia they opposed it; and when the act passed
they were seized, many of them, and put into
prison ia Richmond. One of the claimants
who came here last session and asked dam-
ages was a colonel in the Union Army; his
old gray-headed father, a man of great intelli-
gence and integrity, was taken from his home
and hung by the rebels; and then the Union
officers took his property and used it for the
Army ; and that man, with others, came here
and asked to be remunerated for the losses
which he and they suffered, and as yet we have
refused to listen to their request.
I know, sir, of another instance. When
Early made his attack upon the city of Wash-
ington the rebels entered a house just out of
Seventh street, some two or three miles be-
yond the suburbs of the city, entered the sec-
ond and third stories, fired upon our troops,
and President Lincoln, who happened to be
there at the time, ordered our soldiers to fire
hot shot into that building, and they did so,
and destroyed it. Mr. Lay, the owner of the
house, came to the War Department and asked
damages, and they were refused.
These cases certainly are as strong as the
case which has been brought before the Sen-
ate by the Committee on Claims. It seems to
me, therefore, that this is a matter of great
importance. Shall we establish a precedent;
bccausc if we do we must pay all the other
claims that will come before Congress.
1 have anotherinstanco in mind. There was
a Mr. Graham, who did business m the city of
New Orleans at the time the war broke out,
although himself a resident, of Boston, in Mas-
sachusetts. When the war broke out he fled
from New Orleans to Boston, but his partner
being a lame man, and not liable to military
duty, remained in the city and carried on the
business. Months alter the Union forces had
taken possession of New Orleans, and when
the city was under the command of General
Banks, Mr. Graham returned to New Orleans,
and then, by a general order issued by General
Banks, one hundred and fourteen barrels of
sugar belonging to Mr. Graham were taken
for the use ot the Army. He came here to the
War Department and asked to be paid for the
loss of that sugar which was appropriated by
the United States Government to the use of
the Army, and was refused. It cannot be said
that that was taken in enemy country or
enemy's territory, because it was under our
own flag, and we had a military governor in
New Oneans at that very moment.
Ihere is another instance of a gentleman at
Mobile, a loyal man, who was taken by the
rebels after the war broke out and put in prison
and his property confiscated; be was afterward
liberated by the rebels, but refusing to give any
aid or comfort to the rebel cause he was again
imprisoned, and finally securing his liberty, and
the rebels having paid him in confederate money
for the property which they had confiscated, ia
order to save a little from the wreck of his for-
tune he purchased a draft of $15,000 upon the
Bank of New Orleans in this rebel money. He
could not get to New Orleans until after the
city was taken by our forces; and when he went
there to get his draft cashed he found that the
money had been confiscated and covered into
the United States Treasury, He prepared his
case and put it on file at the Department, and
he has not got a dollar from that day to this.
He was a thoroughly loyal man.
Mr. AN THONJ. May I ask the Senator
one question?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does not the Senator
think the man ought to have that money? Is
he not entitled to it?
Mr. PATTEliSON, of New Hampshire. The
question is whether, in a time of war, he being
in a State that is in rebellion and where the
work of putting down the rebellion is not com-
pleted, he is not in the same condition with
the rebels themselves.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator one other question, and that is, on
what grounds the War Department refused to
pay for the sugar that was taken in New Or-
leans?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
believe there was a resolution or an act passed
by Congress that such cases should not be set-
tled, and the Departments refused to settle
them. Now the question is whether Congress
hero shall vary from this rule which has been
established and allow the claim of Miss Mur-
phey. I cannot see that her claim is any
stronger than the case of Mr. Graham, whose
sugar was taken and appropriated to the use
of the Army.
Mr. FOWLER. Was it not rather on the
ground that there had been no legislation on
the subject, and that therefore there was no
authority in the War Department to make the
allowance ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
know that in one case that came to my per-
sonal knowledge, of a lady whose property
had been taken by the direction of General
Sherman, and who came here for damages for
the loss of the property, the War Department
refused to allow the claim on the ground that
Congress had forbidden the allowance of those
claims, and I suppose this was upon the same
ground. This lady was a perfectly loyal lady
like Miss Murpbey. She was a friend, and, 1
believe, a relative of Mr. Stockton, the former
Chaplain of the House ofRepresentatives. Her
property was all swept away by the authority
of the commander-in-chief of the loyal forces.
She was not able to get one dollar in damages
for the loss of her property. It is a parallel
case with this. Now, the question is whether
we shall establish a precedent in the case of
Sue Murpbey which will cover millions, will
swamp the Government, will bankrupt the
country.
Mr. DA"V IS. I do not wish to disturb my
honorable friend, but I ask him to allow me
the courtesy of putting a question to him.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Certainly.
Mr. DAYIS. I ask the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, or the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, or the honorable Senator
from New Jersey, or the honorable Senator
from New York, to tell the Seriate distinctly
upon what law they rely to authorize the tak-
ing of this property of Miss Sue Murphey.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
suppose that in time of war, under military
law, either party to the war has a right to Uke
property in order to carry forward the objects
of the war. It is under military law.
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend
indulge me in another question? I concede
that in a war between na'ions, for instance, a
war hetween the United States and Great Brit-
ain, if the property of asuhject of Great Britain
is found in the United States, Congress may
pass a law to_ confiscate that property, which
would authorize its seizure and the disposses-
sion of the owner; but I ask the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire if the property
of the present President of the United States,
who was a citizen of the State of Tennessee,
or the property of Judge Wayne, who was a
citizen of the State of Georgia, those men
being within the Union lines and having prop-
erty here, was subjected to be seized during
the war as the property of Sue Murphey was
in the State of Alabama? I will thank the
honorable Senator to answer me that question.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
case which the Senator has put is parallel to
the case of Mr. Graham, which I have already
stated, and I know no reasou why Andrew
Johnson should be treated otherwise than Mr.
Graham was treated, especially when the War
Department, which is under his supervision,
has refused to pay Mr. Graham for the piop-
erty which was taken that belonged to h"n
And now I will ask the Senator from Ken-
