32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Postmaster General.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
THROUGH MAILS.
The method used by the Department to as-
certain the speed and regularity with which
through mails are conveyed is shown in a cir-
cular, issued in January last, (copy herewith,)
referring to the routea from New York to St.
Louis,Cincinnati, and Chicago, and from Wash-
ington and Baltimore to St. Louis and Cincin-
nati ; and appended hereto are tables exhibit-
ing the state of the service on these and other
routes.
With regard to Nthe service on the south-
western route from New York and Washington
to New Orleans, via Lynchburg, Virginia,
Knoxville, Chattanooga, and Grand Junction,
Tennessee, and Canton, Mississippi, it was
remarked in the last annual report that the
records to October 31,1867, exhibited a marked
improvement. This improvement was main-
tained going south during the months of No-
vember and December of last year; but fail-
ures and delays going north in those months,
and in both directions in January and part of
February following, were so frequent that the
Department ordered the mails to oe transferred
to the western route—a route never before
used for the transmission of the great northern
and southern mails, except for a few days in
the spring of 1867, and then in one direction
only, namely: frcj New York, via Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, Columbus, Ohio, Indianapolis,
Indiana, Louisville, Kentucky, Humboldt and
Grand Junction, Tennessee, and Canton, Mis-
sissippi, to New Orleans, the route from Wash-
ington, via Cumberland, Maryland, uniting
with it at Columbus. The western route was
used for the Washington mails to and from New
Orleans from February 9 to March 16, 1868,
and for the New York mails from February 10
to May 17, 1868. The Washington mails were
restored on the 17th March, on the adoption
of a quicker schedule and the promise of im-
proved service, and the New York mails on
the 18th May, to the southwestern route, on
which they still continue.
Since the 13th of June last two mails a day
have passed between New York and Memphis—
one by the western and the other by the south-
western route. The comparative speed and
regularity of the two routes will be seen by
examining the tables.
RAILWAY POSTAL SKKVICE.
There are now in operation in the United
States twenty-six railway postal lines, subdi-
vided into thirty-four routes, extending in the
aggregate over 7,019 miles of railroad and
steamboat lines, upon 1,571 miles of which
twice-daily service is being performed, making
a total equal to 8,090 miles of railway postal
service daily each way, and an increase of
3,276 miles over the service in operation in
1867. There are employed in this service 279
men as head clerks, clerks, and assistant clerks,
at salaries ranging from nine to fourteen hun-
dred dollars per annum, making an aggregate
cost of $329,700 per annum—an increase of
119 men at a cost of $141,800 over the pre-
vious year. It would require to perform this
same service in the ordinary way, by slow mail
trains, 141 men as route agents, whose com-
pensation at the rate now paid to such agents
on first-class routes would amount to $152,280
per annum. This shows the increase in the
cost of the postal service over the route agent
service, on the twenty-six lines upon which this
service is in operation, to be $177,420 per
annum. To ascertain to how great an extent
this apparent increase in the cost of the one
service over the other was offset by saving in
clerk-hire, a circular was addressed in June
last to all the larger offices in close connection
with the railway postal service, inquiring,
among other things, how many more clerks, if
any, would be required with the natural increase
in the size of mails, to perform the labor in
their offices if the railway postal service should
be abandoned, and the old system of route
agents and direct mails restored. Answers were
returned by most of those addressed, admitting
and fully indorsing the great superiority of the
railway postal over the route-agent service,
stating that their mails both in coming and
going were facilitated in their transmission
from twelve to twenty four hours, and, in cases
where they would, under the old route-agent
system, be obliged to go through the process
of redistribution, from thirty-six to forty-eight
hours; but many could not state definitely the
amount of clerical force saved to their offices,
they having been appointed postmasters since
the introduction of the railway postal service.
From the reports of those who responded fully,
however, it appeared that the.number of clerks
saved in local post offices amounted to one
hundred and forty-two, whose compensation,
at the average rate allowed to good distributing
clerks, would amount to $142,000 per annum.
Full returns would doubtless show the number
of clerks saved to be still greater. About the
same time that the circular above referred to
was sent to postmasters, a circular was ad-
dressed to all head clerks in railway post
offices, requiring them to keep, for one
week, as nearly as possible, an accurate
account of letters received at the postal cars for
mailing, and the number of stamps canceled.
Most of the head clerks responded to this cir-
cular, and it was found that the average num-
ber of stamps canceled by railway postal clerks
in that week, upon the routes that made a full
report, (19 in number,) amounted, on each
line, to 2,321, which, multiplied by the 26
lines, would amount to 60,340 per week, or,
in the aggregate, to 3,137,992 per year. Count-
ing each stamp at three cents, the value of
stamps canceled by railway postal clerks in
the year would amount to $^4,139 76. This
count is exclusive of newspaper stamps can-
celed, or the stamps on foreign letters, which
sometimes amount to four or five times as
much. Forty per cent, on the amount of
stamps canceled being the average amount of
commissions, or the amount allowed in the
adjustment of salaries to postmasters, this
amount saved in salaries to postmasters should
be credited to the railway postal service ; and
forty per cent, on $94,139 76 being $37,655 90,
the financial result, exclusive of the extra
compensation allowed to some railroads for
the use of postal cars may be recapitulated
as follows:
Salaries to 279 railway postal clerks $329,700 00
141 route agents at uresent salaries,
$1,080 $152,280 00
142 clerks saved to locat post
offices, $1,000  142,000 00
Saving in salaries of post-
masters  37,655 90
  331,935 90
Net saving  $2,235 90
It is proper to state that the service is being
performed, not as formerly by route agents,
on the slow way or accommodation trains, but
upon the fastest express trains, and that, by
means of Ward's mail-bag catcher, the clerks
are exchanging pouches at all offices on the
line once, and in many eases twice, daily each
way. On the Hudson River and New York
Central railroads, for instance, the postal car
leaves New York at 8 a. m., performing service
at all stations to Syracuse, where they arrive
at 6.30 p. m.; and from Syracuse to Buffalo,
where they arrive at 12 midnight, at all express
stops. The night line leaves New York at 11 p.
m., performing service for all offices at express
stops to Albany, leaving Albany at 7.15 a. m.,
performingthe service at all post offices to Buf-
falo, where they arrive at 8.30 p. m., so that
every office on the line from New York, via
Albany, to Buffalo, that chooses to exchange
mails twice, is served twice daily with mail
each way. Under the old route-agent system
this same service was performed as follows:
route agents left New York in the morning and
ended in Albany in the afternoon ; other route
agents left Albany in the morning and arrived
in Syracuse in the eveningand still other route
agents, leaving Syracuse in the morning, ar-
rived in Buffalo in the afternoon—requiring
from two to three days to send a letter from
one point to another and receive an answer.
Now letters can be sent and answers returned
between almost any two offices on the line within
twenty-four hours. This is simply an illustra-
tion ; the same improved facilities for the rapid
transmission of mails obtaining on most other
lines of railway postal service.
Another feature of marked improvement in
this service is the fact that letter mail, which
under the route-agent system was required to
go into a distributing office for distribution,
is now distributed on the railway postal cars
while they are in motion. For instance, on the
New York Central and Hudson River railroads
letters from the 'interior towns for the New
England, southern, or western States, instead
of being sent to the Albany, New York, or
Buffalo distributing post office, causing a delay
of from twelve to twenty-four hours, are now
distributed while in transit, pouched, and for-
warded on connecting railway postal routes
with no delay. And still another is the large
increase of mails on all railway postal routes.
The chief clerks on the Brie and Lake Shore
postal cars report that since the introduction
of the service on those routes the letter mail
has increased from thirty-three to fifty per cent.
Though part of this may be a natural increase,
it is believed that a large proportion of it is
due to the increased facilities for sending a mail
from and to every office on the line, however
insignificant it may be. These remarks apply
equally well to all other railway postal routes
where the full way-service is performed.
FOREIGN MAIL SERVICE.
Statistics.
The aggregate amount of posfage (inland,
sea, and foreign) upon the letter correspond-
ence exchanged with foreign countries was
$2,153,690 66. 0fthisamount$l,706,467 76
accrued on the letter mails exchanged with
European countries, $309,516 43 on letters
exchanged with the Dominion of Canada, and
$137,706 47 on the letters exchanged with the
West Indies, Mexico, Brazil, Central and
South America, the Sandwich islands, Japan,
and China.
The total letter postages on mails exchanged
with countries of Europe, during the first six
months from July 1 to December 31, 1867,
inclusive, under the provisions of the postal
conventions then in force, amounted to $1,057,-
612 99; and on mails exchanged with the same
countries during the residue of the fiscal year
from January 1 to June 30, 1868, at the re-
duced rates established by existing conventions,
amounted to $648,854 77, being a reduction to
the advantage of correspondents during said
six months of $408,758 22, on an increased
correspondence amounting to 626,548 letters
per annum.
The postage collections in the United States
on the correspondence exchanged with Great
Britain and countries on the continent of
Europe amounted to $1,090,244 03, and the
postages collected in Europe amounted to
$616,223 73. Excess of collections in the
United States, $474,020 30.
The estimated amount of United States post-
age upon the letter mails exchanged with Great
Britain and the continent of Europe was
$793,700 64; with Canada and the British
North American provinces, $176,179 55; and
with the West indies, Brazil, Mexico, Japan,
and China, and Central and South America,
$128,098 87; making in all $1,097,979 06, a
decrease of $93,425 61, compared with esti-
mate of previous year. Adding the amount
of United States postage upon printed matter
