1868.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
40ra Cong. ..3d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
exchanged in United States and European
mails, calculated at §90,000, and $10,529 40,
the reported amount of United States postage
on printed matter exchanged with the West
Indies, Mexico, South America, China, &e.,
the total United States postages on foreign
mails (exclusive of printed matter interchanged
with the British North American provinces, of
■which no separate account is kept) was
$1,198,508 46.
The number of letters exchanged with for-
eign countries (exclusive of the British North
American provinces) was 11.128,532, .of which
5,900,807 were sentfrom and 5,228,225 received
in the United States; increase pver number
of previous year 830,298. Of this number
10,068,659 were exchanged with. European
countries, an increase of 626,548, compared
with the previous year. Estimating the num-
ber exchanged with the British Provinces
at 2,476,000, the total number of letters ex-
changed in the mails with foreign countries
was over 13,600,000.
Ocean Mail Transportation.
Prom the 1st of January, 1868, the date on
which the new postal conventions with Great
Britain, North Germany, Belgium, &c., came
into operation, the arrangements made by this
Department for the transatlantic mail steam-
ship service have been restricted to the out-
ward mails, in accordance with thenewsystem
adopted in said conventions, that each office
shall make its own arrangements for the mails
which it dispatches, and shall at its own cost
remunerate the owners of the steamships em-
ployed for the conveyance of the same; and
in like manner, the sea transportation of
mails received from Europe sine® the 1st of
January, 1868, has been provided and paid for
by the respective foreign post departments
dispatching the same to this country.
From July 1 to December 31, 1867, inclu-
sive, the steamers employed by this Depart-
ment in transporting mails in both directions
conveyed mails the total postage on which
amounted to §491,534 13; andthoseemployed
in same service by foreign post departments con-
veyed mails during the same period the total
postages on which amounted to $566,078 86.
During the last half of the fiscal year from
January 1 to June 30, 1868, inclusive, the total
postages on mails sent to Europe under the
new arrangements amounted to $340,835 54,
and the total postages on mails received from
Europe during the same period amounted to
$308,019 23, these reduced amounts resulting
from the reduced rates of international postage
charged on and after the 1st of January, 1868,
under the provisions of the new postal con-
ventions, which came into operation on that
date.
The cost of the United States transatlantic
mail steamship service from July 1 to Decem-
ber 31, 1867, under arrangements then in force,
allowing the sea postages as compensation,
was $282,017 42. and from January 1 to June
30, 1868, under the new arrangements, $139,-
760 02; a reduction of over one half from the
cost of the same service during the previous
six months. Total cost of transatlantic service
for the year, $421,777 44, being $129,560 57
less than the preceding year. The amount
paid for the transportation of mails to and from
the West Indies, &c., by steamers receiving
various rates of compensation within the limit
of the postages, was $70,287 67, andthe cost
of sea and Isthmus conveyance of mails to and
from Central and South America, via Panama,
was $27,334 33, making a total expenditure
for ocean transportation of $519,399 44, ex-
clusive of payments amounting to the sum of
$497,916 67, made during the year to the
steamship lines to Brazil, to Japan, and China,
and to t'ne Sandwich Islands, respectively,
receiving subsidy grants fixed by special acts
of Congress.
40th Co\"g. 3d Sess.—No. 3.
POSTAL CONVENTIONS WITH COONTBIES OF EUEOPE.
New postal conventions with Great Britain,
the North German Union, Belgium, and the
Netherlands, respeetifely, the leading provis-
ions of which were briefly stated in my last
report, were carried into effeftt on the 1st of
January, 1868; and those_ concluded with Swit-
zerland and Italy went into operation on the
1st of April, 1868. Under the provisions of
these conventions important improvements
have resulted, not only in reduced rates of-
international postage; butin greater uniformity
of postal details and enlarged facilities of mail
accommodation. The detailed regulations
arranged and adopted for the execution of each
of these conventions are annexed.
On the 13th of December, 1867, before the
new convention, with the United Kingdom of
18th June, 1867,"went into operation; notice
was given by the British post office to terminate
the same on the 31st of December, 1868, in ac-
cordance with the power reserved in the twenty-
first article thereof; which notice was accom-
panied by the announcement that Mr. Anthony
Trollope would be dispatched to Washington
in the spring of 1868 with full powers to nego-
tiate a new convention better calculated to
afford satisfaction to the people of the two
countries. The provisions of a new conven-
tion to supersede the present one on the 1st of
January, 1869, were accordingly arranged with
Mr. Trollope at Washington in July last; and,
after adjusting by direct' correspondence be-
tween the two post departments certain modi-
fications on which Mr. Trollope did not con-
sider himself authorized to treat, the modified
convention was formally executed on the 24th
of November last. Its general provisions are
substantially those of the present convention.
The only change in the existing rates of inter-
national postage is a reduced charge on small
pamphlets, book packets, and patterns, not
exceeding two ounces in weight; the British
post office having declined to assent to a further
reduction of the international letter rate, but
agreeing to consider the question of such reduc-
tion at the expiration of twelve months from
the commencement of the convention. A copy
of the new convention and detailed regulations
for carrying the same into execution is annexed.
The French Government having communi-
cated, through its minister at Washington, an
invitation to this Department to send a special
delegate to Paris authorized to negotiate and
arrange in person the details of a new postal
convention between the United States and
France, Hon. John A. Kasson was, on the
5th of April, 1867, appointed a special com-
missioner on behalf of this Department to pro-
ceed to Paris, and there to negotiate and ar-
range the conditions of agreement between the
respective post departments of a new-conven-
tion, subject to the approval of the Postmaster
General of the United States. Mr. Kasson's
mission was primarily and specially to the
French post department, with authority, also,
to negotiate and settle the details of new postal
conventions with the postdepartments of Great
Britain, Prussia, and Belgium, respectively,
and conclude postal conventions with other
European Governments, subject to like ap-
proval of the Postmaster General of the United
States. While Mr. Kasson succeeded in ne-
gotiating improved postal arrangements with
Great Britain, Belgium, and North Germany,
and advantageous conventions with the Neth-
erlands, Switzerland, and Italy, his mission to
the French post department failed to accom-
plish any revision or modification of the postal
convention ^vith France.
It being thus made apparent to me that the
French post department was indisposed to con-
clude a new convention modifying the provis-
ions of the convention of March 2, 1857, in
conformity with the more liberal and improved
arrangements concluded between the United
States and other countries on the continent of
Europe, this Department was constrained to
ayail itself of the power reserved in the pres-
ent convention to .terminate it by a previous
notice of one year, and notice was accordingly
given on the 8th of January last to .terminate
the same on the 1st of February, 1869. Sub-
sequently negotiations .were opened with the
French office for a new convention, this De-
partment submitting for its consideration and
approval a statement of the modifications of
the convention of 2d March, 1857, considered
necessary for the amelioration of the postal
service between the two countries. The French
department has submitted counter propositions
based on so widely different, views of the lead-
ing principles and features of an international
postal arrangement, and claiming so unequal
and unjust a proportion of the rates of postage,
that there seems to be, in the present state of
the negotiations, little probability of. harmon-
izing the conflicting views of the two offices.
POSTAL CONVENTION WITH CANADA.
The postal convention between the United
States and the Dominion of Canada was modi-
fied, to take effect onthelstof April, 1868, by
reducing the single rate of international letter
postage to six cents if prepaid, and continuing
the ten-cent rate for all unpaid or insufficiently
paid letters; and the like modification has
been extended to letter correspondence ex-
changed with Prince Edward Island.
POSTAL CONVENTION ESTABLISHING AN EXCHANGE OP
MAILS WITH BRITISH EAST INDIES.
A postal convention has been concluded with
the British post department, establishing and
regulating an exchange of mails between the
United States and the Straits settlements and
the British East Indies, by means, conjointly,
of the United States mail packets plying be-
tween San Francisco and Hong-Kong, China,
and the British mail packets plying between
Hong-Kong and Singapore, Calcutta, Madras,
Bombay, and Aden, a copy of which is an-
nexed. Its provisions are similar to those of
the postal convention concluded between this
Department and the colonial government of
Hong-Kong, China.
MAIL STEAMSHIP SEBVICE TO JAPAN AND CHINA.
During the year ended June 30, 1868, seven
round voyages between San Francisco and
Hong-Kong were completed by the United
States mail packets of the Japan and China
line, and two round voyages were completed
between said ports during the quarter ended
September 30, 1868. The average actual run-
ning time on the outward voyages between San
Francisco and Hong-Kong, during this period,
(omitting the trip during which the steamship
Great Republic was disabled by a serious acci-
dent in mid-ocean,) was 29 days 21 hours, and
30 days 19 hours on the inward voyages. The
Great Republic on her outward trip in March
last, when distant 3,327 miles from San Fran-
cisco, and 2,100 miles from Yokohama, broke
one of her paddle-shafts, but was neverthe-
less able to proceed on her voyage, reaching
Yokohama by the use of one wheel, and attain-
ing, under these adverse circumstances at one
of the stormiest seasons of the year, the re-
markable speed of 173 nautical miles a day.
The steamship New York, prudently stationed
at Yokohama, to guard against possible acci-
dents, completed the voyage of the disabled
ship, and thus, notwithstanding the outward
voyage was by this accident protracted eight
days, the round voyage to Hong-Kong and
return was terminated at San Francisco within
two days of the regular schedule time. The
timely precaution of the contractors in provid-
ingaspare ship at Yokohama, to guard against
the possibility of an interruption of the service,
and the energy which they manifested on this
occasion in completing the round voyage with
as little delay to the mails as possible &rf
worthy of commendation.
The new steamer Japan, four thousand thrftS
