186#.
THE CONCESSIONAL' GLOBE;
tucky a question, I want to know if the prop-
erty of Andrew Johnson'had been .destroyed
fey a battle during the war in Tennessee he
could claim of the United States Government
damages for the loss of his property during
that battle ? ,
If r. DAVIS. Sly honorable friend, with the
adroitness of bis section, evades my question
■arid .puts another question to me. [Laughter. ]
He does .not answer my question as I pat it at
all.' The question that 1 put to ray most re-
sp.ected friend "was whether the property o'f
AntlreWJohiison or .of Judge Wayne, within'1
the District of Columbia, could be seized here
by the authorities of the United States for
military purposes as Miss Murphey's property
in Alabama was seized ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not think that the case put is parallel to the
'case of Miss Murphey, because that was in
enemy's territory and the District of Columbia
is not and never has been 
Mr. DAVIS. Now, if my honorable friend
will permit me, I will put another question to
him ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
gentleman can occupy the floor if he pleases.
I have said all that I wish to say.
Mr. DAVIS. Go on, sir; T beg pardon.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. No,
sir ; I have no further remarks to make.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am obliged
to the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire for his courtesy in having given me the
floor. I shall not abuse that courtesy nor the
patience of the S,enate beyond a few minutes.
The question that I put" to the honorable Sen-
ator was most pertinent. Andrew Johnson
was resident in the District of Columbia during
a portion of the period of the war, and he was
a citizen of the State of Tennessee. Judge
Waynewas a citizen of the State of Georgia,
and was a resident of the District of Columbia
during the whole period of the war. The ques-
tion which I propounded to my honorable
friend, though no more to him than to the other
gentlemen who assume his position, was
whether the property of Andrew Johnson and
of Judge Wayne situate within the District of
Columbia was subject to be seized by the au-
thorities of the United States. If my honor-
able friend, or any other gentleman, will give
me a categorical answer to that question, I
shall be obliged to him.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose the interroga-
tory of the honorable Senator from Kentucky
includes me as well as the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask for a categorical answer.
Mr. HOWARD. If I understand the ques-
tion it is this 
Mr. DAVIS. I give way for the Senator
from Michigan to give a categorical answer to
my question. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. That is what I propose to
do, Mr. President, if I am able. The question
is, if I understand it rightly, whether the prop-
erty of Andrew Johnson, he being a citizen of
Tennessee, andthat property being situatednot
in Tenuessee, but in the District of Columbia,
was subject to forfeiture upon the ground that
he was a public enemy, being a citizen of Ten-
nessee, as the Senator from Kentucky says.
Do I state it correctly?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. I included Judge
Wayne, also.
Mr. HOWARD. That is very easily an-
swered,then, it seems to me, by patting another
question, whether the District of Columbia was
hostile or enemy country, whether it was de-
clared to be in insurrection under a statute of
the United States and a proclamation of the
President of the United States? I take it the
honorable Senator from Kentucky can answer
that question. Certainly no such state of things
existed in the District of Columbia, and the
property of Mr. Johnson, if he had had any
here, would have been as secure as the prop-
erty of any otherperson against military seizure.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator's answer to my question I compre-
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 17.
hend; but I comprehend, its error and not its
trutli ; and for this reason : the honorable
Senators who oppose the passage of this bill
assume the ground , that the law of nations
which regulates the rights and the liabilities
of citizens and subjects of nations at war with
each other applies to the case of the insurrec-
tion of some of the people of the southern
States against the Government of the United
States. The honorable Senator from Michigan
answers the question so as to abandon that
ground. If a declaration of war was to be
made, by the Congress of the United States
against Great Britain to-morrow, and there
Wjfesubjectsof GreatBritain resident, as there
are thousands, in the United States, it would
be competent for Congress immediately to pass
a law confiscating the property of every sub-
ject of Great Britain who was resident any-
where in the United States.
Now, the .honorable Senator admits that if
Andrew Johnson had property in t.liis District
so long as he remained in this District his
properly would be as secure as the property
of any other citizen in the District. Sir, no
such qualification or exception as that applies
to public enemies. No such qualification or
exception as that can apply to the subjects or
citizens of any country with which the United
States are at war, because every subject of any
foreign country with which the United States
are at war, resident anj'where in the United
States, though he may have millions of prop-
erty, holds that property subject to confisca-
tion by a law of Congress whenever Congress
chooses to pass such a law.
Now, 1 will present this principle in another
aspect to the honorable Senators. A mere
declaration of war by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States with England would not of itself
produce such a confiscation of the property
of subjects of England resident in our country.
There is a case of Brown vs. The United
States, in which that was expressly ruled by
Chief Justice Marshall many years ago. That
case embraced these facts: a subject of Eng-
land was in the United States at the time of
the embargo and the declaration of the war of
1812; under the force and effect of the act of
Congress simply declaring war his property
was libeled and seized by the action of the dis-
trict attorney for the district in which he re-
sided ; the circuit court, held by Mr. Justice
Story, decided that the declaration of war of
its own force amounted to a confiscation of the
property of all enemies resident in the United
States. From that judgment an appeal was
taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and the case was heard, most elabo-
rately argued, and Chief Justice Marshall de-
cided that the declaration of war had no effect
whatever to confiscate the property unless in
the act declaring war there were provisions
expressly and exclusively declaring the confis-
cation. That is the law. I refer gentlemen
to that case, Brown vs. The United States,
reported in 8 Cranch, page 128. The court
decided that property in its possession and in
its title remains in an alien enemy resident in
the United States until an act of Congress, in
in addition to the declaration of war, has been
passed declaring that property to be forfeited
to the United States.
Mr. President, on the principle of national
law which the gentlemen apply to this case,
and which I say, in defiance of any intima-
tions of opinion by the Supreme Court, has no
application to the case at all, but admitting
that it has full, proper, and authentic applica-
tion, what are the consequences? If Andrew
Johnson was a citizen of Tennessee, though
resident in the District of Columbia; if Justice
Wayne, a citizen of Georgia, resident in the
District of Columbia; if both, or either of them,
had property here, according to the inevita-
ble, necessary, imperative consequences of this
principle, the property of both those men would
be liable to be seized under an act of Congress
passed to confiscate it, because that is the doc-
trine and that is the principle which applies to
alien enemies everywhere. I now meet gen-
tlemen upon their own principle; I meet theii
upon-the legitimate consequences of their owrt
principle. Take Sue Murphey arid' all the cit-
izens of Alabama to have been alien enemies,
without regard to their loyalty—:a position so
monstrous that I utterly reject it in my owa
judgment—but take that to' be. true, there wae
no law except. the general iaw of war that ap-
plies in time of peace, and as much in time of
peace as in time of war, to authorize that com-
mander to have taken this property.
Ifthe gentlemen's premises are true, I con-
cede that Congress has the power to pass a
law to confiscate her property and the prop-
erty of all other citizens. The question then
arises, has Congress passed such a law? I
will read one or two passages from the opinion
of Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of Brown
vs. The United States:
" There being no other act of Congress which bears
on the subject, it is considered as proved that the
Legislature has not confiscated enemy property
which was within the United States at til® declara-
tion of war, and that this sentence of condemnation
cannot bo sustained."
It was that question that the case wentupon.
Thfi circuit court had declared in favor of the
confiscation of the property upon the ground
that the declaration of war, of its own terms
and effect, produced a confiscation. That judg-
ment was appealed from upon the ground that
the declaration of war produced no such re-
sult, but that it required a special act confis-
cating the property of alien enemies that might
be found in the.United States; and Chief Justice
Marshall, after elaborate and able argument,
in a most well-considered and luminous opinion,
decided that until this act of confiscation was
passed by Congress the possession of the prop-
erty and the title to the property both remained
with the alien enemy resident in the United
States. Now, I ask gentlemen to protlucc an
act of Congress to confiscate the property qf
the loyal men within the rebel States, or loyal
women, either. There is no such act. 1 will
read from the two acts of confiscation :
" That if, during the present or any future insm ree-
tion against tha Government of the United States,
after the President of the United States shall havo
declared, by proclamation, that the laws of the United
States are opposed, and the execution thereof ob-
structed, by combinations too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the ordinary eoursc of Judicial proceedings,
or by the power vested m the marshals by law, any
person or persons, his, her, or their agent attorney,
or employii, who shall purchase or acquire, sell or
give, any property ol whatsoever kind or description,
with intent tu use or employ the same, or suffer the
same to be used or employed in aiding, abetting, or
promoting such insurrection or resistance to the laws,
or any person or persons engaged therein ; or if any
person or porsons, being the owner or owners of any
such property, shall knowingly uso or employ, or con-
sent to the use or employment oftho same, as afore-
said, all sueh property is hereby declared to be lawful
subject of prize and capture wherever found; and it
shall betheduty of the President of the United States
to cause the same to be seized, confiscated, and con-
demned."
That act was passed in August, 1881. It
confiscates only the property that is employed
in the assistance of the rebel cause. Now,
before the property of Sue Murphey could be
forfeited to the United States, and before it
could be taken possession of by any officer, civil
or military, in the name, by the authority, and
as the property of the United States, it must
be shown that the property had been used in
the rebel service. There is no such proof in
this case, and no pretense of it.
Here is another act-that touches the subject
of confiscation, but that does not cover this
case at ail, or any case analogous to it—the act
of August 17, 1862:
" That if any person within any State or Territory
of tho United States, other than those named as
aforesaid, after the passage of this act, being: engaged
in armed rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or aiding or abetting such rebellion,
shall not, within sixt$ days after publiewarning and
proclamation duly given and made by the President
of the United States, cease to aid, countenance, and
abet such rebellion, aud return to his allegiance to
the United States,all the estate and property,moneys,
stocks, and credits of such person shall be liable to
seizure as aforesaid; and it shall betheduty of the
President to seize and use them as aforesaid or tho
proeeeds thereof; and altsales. transfers,, o'r convey-
ances of any such property after the expiration oi
the said sixty days from the date of such warain|an<i
proclamation shall be null and void: aud itSufUl
