34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3)
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Postmaster General.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
hundred and fifty tons Government register, was
added to the line in August last, and the com-
pany state that they expect to place the America
in service during the coming summer, thus com-
pletingtbe fall number of foursteamers required
by the contract, although three only are actu-
nlly required to perform monthly voyages, the
fourth furnishing the means of relieving the
others in case of repairs or accident.
The branch line between Yokohama and
Shanghai, touching at Hiogo and Nagasaki,
has been run in regular connection with the
main line, and has proved a very important
addition to the service. The qualified permis-
sion granted by the Department to the contract-
ors in April, 1867, to terminate the voyage of
the large ships at Yokohama, and to employ
one or more branch steamships of a less size to
do the service between Yokohama and Hong-
Kong, to which reference was made in the last
report, was not executed, the company notify-
ing the Department of its decis'jn not to avail
itself of said permission, but to continue the
service by the large ships to Hong-Kong as
provided by the contract. In like manner the
company did not avail itself of the authority
given at the same time to change the Japan
port of calling from Yokohama to Osaka, their
president deciding that it would not be for the
interest of the Government or that of the com-
pany to make such change.
The regular monthly trips provided for by
the law authorizing the establishment of this
service, and by the contract made in pursuance
thereof, delayed by unavoidable causes, which
have been satisfactorily explained, were begun
on the 3d of June, 1868, and have since been
regularly maintained.
It was hoped that the discovery by American
citizens of a small group of islands midway
between California and China, and conven-
iently situated with respect to this steamship
route, would have resulted in increasing the
efficiency of the service by relieving the steam-
ships from the necessity of carrying the great
weightofcoal required for consumption on their
long voyage of live thousand miles, and the
effort of the contractors to effect this desirable
improvementwere regarded with great interest.
But, unfortunately, the surveys made by offi-
cers of the Navy, as well as those of the steam-
ship company, demonstrated that the project
was impracticable of execution at present,
owing to shoalness of water at the entrance to
the harbor. If it should prove feasible, how-
ever, as I am informed is the opinion of com-
petent naval officers whose attention has bgen
given to the subject, to obtain the necessary
increased depth of water on the bar, by a rea-
sonable expenditure, the propriety and expe-
diency of undertaking the work would be a
question worthy the attention of our Govern-
ment, as well for the attainment of this object
as for other public advantages of a national
and commercial character that will readily
suggest themselves.
In view of the rapidly-growing importance
of our relations, political and commercial, with
the great empires of China and Japan, and of
the prospective development of our Pacific
States, as well as of the territory west of the
Rocky mountains and east of the Sierra Ne-
vada, rich in natural resources, but now
sparsely peopled, it bccomes an important
question for consideration whether provision
should not be made for an increase and exten-
sion of the service on the Japan and China
mail line. While submitting this matter to
the wisdom of Congress, and without being
prepared to offer any suggestions at present
as to details, I am clearly of the opinion that
the best interests of the Government and peo-
ple of the United States require that the period
of the completion of the Pacific railway across
our continent ought not to be allowed to pass
without making adequate provision for placing
its western terminus at San Francisco in at least
semi-monthly communication with China and
Japan. Any legislation with this object should
follow the safe and practicable precedent fur-
nished by the successful working of the act
authorizing the present service.
HAIL STEAMSHIP SERVICE TO BRAZIL AND TO THE
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
The required number of monthly trips have
been satisfactorily performed by the contract-
ors on the mail steamship route between New
York and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the average
time occupied on the outward voyages being
twenty-seven days eight hours, and on the
inward voyages twenty-six days; and on the
mail steamship route between San Francisco
and Honolulu (Hawaiian Islands) the contract-
ors performed eight round trips from 15th
October, 1867, to 80th June, 1868, the aver-
age length of the outward voyages being eleven
days one hour, and of the inward voyages
twelve days three hours.
PROPOSED CONTRACT WITH " THE COMMERCIAL NAVI-
GATION COMPANY."
I have had under careful consideration the
provisions of the act of Congress approved
July 27.1868, authorizing and empowering the
Postmaster General "to contract with the
Commercial Navigation Company of the State
of New York, a corporation existing under
the laws of the State of New York, under a
speeial charter passed by the Legislature of
said State, under the date of April 28, 186G,
for the weekly or semi-weekly conveyance of
all European and foreign mails of the United
States between New York and Bremen, touch-
ing at Southampton, England, or Liverpool,
touching at Queenstown, in first-class sea going
steamships, to be constructed in the United
Slates and owned by said company, for a term
not exceeding fifteen years and after a thor-
ough examination of the subject in all its bear-
ings, in which I consulted the Attorney Gen-
eral on the legal questions involved, I decided,
in the exercise ot the discretion given to me,
that it was impracticable to make a contract
with said company for only a weekly or semi-
weekly mail service to Europe, and accord-
ingly declined to execute a contract in the
mariner and on the conditions therein stated.
I have, however, advised said company of my
willingness to make a conditional contract,
subject to the approval of Congress, for the
conveyance of the United States mails to Eu-
rope by American steamships of sufficient num-
ber to perform at least four outward trips per
week—that being thepresentnumber of weekly
mails to Europe—and with the additional stip-
ulations necessary to insure regularity and effi-
ciency in the service always inserted in ocean
mail steamship contracts; said contract to be
approved by Congress by the passage of an act
or joint resolution ratifying the same. In view
of the great importance of this subject, I earn-
estly commend the proposed contract to the
careful consideration and action of Congress.
CONTINUANCE OF MAIL SERVICE IN TIME OF WAR.
I fully concur in the recommendation of my
predecessor, Postmaster General Dennison, in
his annual report of November 2, 1864, that
provision should be made, by treaty stipula-
tions between nations or otherwise', for the
exceptional treatment of regular mail packets
in time of war, by authorizing such packets,
under proper safeguards against the transport-
ation of persons or articles contraband of war,
to continue their navigation without impedi-
ment or interruption.
Such a principle ought to be universally rec-
ognized aud adopted, as all Governments and
peoples have a common interest in maintaining
regular and uninterrupted postal communica-
tions between nations in time of war; and I
respectfully recommend that the Postmaster
General be authorized, by and with the advice
and consent of the President, to incorporate
such a stipulation in the postal conventions
already concluded or hereafter to be made
with foreign Governments.
APPOINTMENTS.
The operations of the appointment office
may be summed up as follows:
Number of post offices established during the
year  2,167
Number discontinued  849
Increase of offices  1,318
Number of offices in operation on June SO, 1867. 25,163
Number of offices in operation on June 30,186S, 26,481
Number of offices subject to appointment by
. the President  849
Number by the Postmaster General - 25,632
Changes made during the year.
Appointments made to fill vacancies by resig-"
nations  4,021
Appointments made to fill vacancies by re-
movals  1,194
Appointments made to fill vacancies by change
of name and sites    167
Appointments made to fill vacancies by death
of postmasters  267
Appointments made to fill vacancies by estab-
lishment of new offices  2,167
Number of cases acted upon  8,665
Aggregate compensation of speeial aoents, route agents,
%iuil-route messengers, postal-railway clerks, local
agents, and baggage-masters in service during the
fiscal year ending June 30.1868.
49 special agents, five of whom are in charge of
the mails between San Francisco, China, and
Japan, at a compensation each of $1,600 a year,
and twodollarea day for subsistence. 8121,095
490 route asents -  4<8,380
54 mail-route messengers  29,890
232 postal-railway elei ks  274,300
69 local agents  48,405
150 baggage-masters    9,000
$961,070
LETTER-CARRIERS.
The free delivery system has been in oper-
ation during the year in forty-eight of the
principal cities. It has continued to grow in
popular favor, and has to a great extent sup-
planted the general and box deliveries, in
Philadelphia, Chicago, St. Louis, Cleveland,
Louisville, and other cities, the number of
post office boxes has been greatly reduced, and
the hope is confidently entertained that this
mode of delivery will ultimately supersede all
others. Its necessity in large cities is illus-
trated by the single example of New York,
with its six thousand boxes representing thirty
thousand names, any one of which each sort-
ing cleik must be able to recall and associate
with the proper box on the instant, a work
impossible to be done without liability to error.
This difficulty necessarily increases with the
growth of the city, and finds no remedy, for
the reason stated, in the multiplication of
clerks.
The only remedy for this evil known to me
is the delivery by carrier, which, after years
of experience, has received the sanction of the
principal postal departments of Europe, and
which, by inducing the habit of directing let-
ters to street and number, renders the sort-
ing comparatively simple, and the delivery
accurate and reliable.
Where the system has been judiciously and
energetically conducted the people have not
been backward in acknowledging its merits
and availing themselves of its benefits.
The experience acquired by carriers has
greatly facilitated operations, and enabled them
to perform an additional amount of work with
less proportionate labor.
1 would here respectfully suggest that some
legislative expression favoring the retention of
experienced and efficient carriers would, by
making their tenure of office dependent on
themselves, conduce to more exemplary con-
duct, better order, and a more faithful dis-
charge of duty. It would, besides, give sta-
bility to the system, conciliate public confidence
toward it, and extend its usefultiess.
While it is gratifying to state that the post-
age on local matter has increased in some
cities as high as three hundred per cent,
during the last four years, still experience has
