1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. RAMSEY. I ain surprised that the
Senator cannot see it. It was an appropria-
tion for the Indian war of 1862, which Indian
war ran over into 1863. Congress intended
to indemnify the expenses of the State of Min-
nesota. She had lost lives enough—eight hun-
dred of them—by that rising of these Indians
in ten days. To put that State to the expenses
of this war would be what Congress have never
done ; and hence in their generosity they made
this appropriation, and I am surprised that the
Senator from Maine should object to this
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask does not this add $12,000 to the appro-
priations to cover the expenses of the war of
1862?
Mr. RAMSEY. It does not cover one cent
but the appropriation that Congress has made
to reimburse the State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What was that
appropriation ?
Mr. RAMSEY. One hundred and seven-
teen thousand dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does not this
add $12,400 to that ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all; not one cent.
Twelvethousand dollars were expended in 1863
rather than iK 1862.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will ask the
Senator does he understand that the amount
of claims which were allowed under tlae act
of 1864 amount to the whole sum that was
appropriated ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The amount of claims
reached that sum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And the whole
sum was used to pay them ?
Mr. CONNESS. It is evident that the Sen-
ators cannot convince_ each other, and as we
all have a vote on this proposition I should
like a little light. I desire to interrogate the
Senator from Minnesota by asking him whether
this language that he proposes that we shall
adopt is anything else than descriptive in its
character?
Mr. RAMSEY. That is all.
Mr. CONNESS. I supposed that to be the
case.
Mr. RAMSEY. I endeavored to enlighten
the Senator from Maine on that subject, but he
would not learn.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that this bill
be postponed until to-morrow.
.Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not. I
will allow it to subside.
Mr. SUMNLll. If the Senator will give
way I will move an executive session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
from Maine does not desire to prosecute this
bill any further now, and I will ask unanimous
consent that it be postponed informally, so
that it shall have its place to-morrow.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to that. I do not expect to finish the
bill to-day, and I have no objection to its being
laid over informally for other business.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will give
way to a motion for an executive session that
will leave his bill in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will yield for
any purpose that will not displace the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I n;ove 
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana has the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg his pardon,
u -^IP^DRICKS. I want to pass a little
Dill that 1 have been trying to get up for some
tH"®- It- is Senate bill No. 896.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
*• eni^e Pass by the Indian appropriation bill by
unanimous consent informally? There being
no objection, it is passed over for the present.
LAND ENTKIgs IN IONIA DISTPJCT.
the 1 U0W m0Ve to talie UP
the bill (S. No. 896) confirming certain pur-
chases of land m the Ionia district, Michigan,
made by Charles H. Rodd and Andrew J
Campean.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
read the secondtime, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to confirm
the locations and purchases of land made by
Charles H. Rodd and Andrew J. Campean,
under the provisions of the treaty of August 2,
1855, in the Ionia land district, Michigan, so
far as such purchases or locations were made
prior to the instructions of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to the register and
receiver not to allow any further Indian loca-
tions or. purchases in the Indian reservation ;
if it shall appear that such purchases were made
regularly, according to the regulations and in-
structions of the General Land Office in force
at the time. Thisisnottoprejudiceanyadverse
claims to the lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WRIGHT DUU5TEA.
Mr. NYE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 860 for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 860) for the relief of Wright Duryea was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Patents proposed to amend
the bill by inserting after the word " patent,"
in line five, the word "in," and by inserting
after the word "same," in the same line, the
words "manner and to the same effect;"' and
also to add to the bill the following words :
Within which applications for which the exten-
sions of patents are required to be made: Provided,
lhat no person who may make or use said card-ex-
hibitor after the expiration of said patent and before
the extension thereof shall be granted by said Com-
missioner shall be liable to any penalty or damages
therefor.
So as to make the bill read :
_ That the Commissi oner of Patents is hereby author-
ized and empowered to receive the application for
tho renewal of said patent in the same manner and
to the same effect as though the time had not passed
which is specified by law, within which applications
lor which t.he extensionsof patents are required to be
made: Provided, That no person who may make or
use said card-exhibitor after the expiration of said
patent, and before the extension thereof shall be
granted by said Commissioner, shall be liable to any
penalty or damages therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred in
he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Patents reported an amendment to
the preamble of the bill, and this is the proper
time to consider that.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in the second line of the preamble to strike
out^'1855" and insert "1865."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I move further to amend
the preamble by inserting in the fifth line, after
the word "time," the words "as it is alleged."
The committee do not undertake to pass upon
the allegation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The preamble, as amended, reads as follows:
Whereas on the 10th day of April, A. D. 1865, a
patent was issued to Wright Duryea, of tho city,
county, and State of New York, for a certain " card-
exhibitor, and that owing to circumstances beyond
his con trol he has not, up to tho present time as it is
alleged, derived either profit or emolument there-
trom; and furthermore, being desirous of applying
for a, renewal of said patent, has been prevented by
ill health from making the petition therefor within
the time specified by law: Therefore,
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL LAWS.
_ Mr. DRAKE. I now ask for the cpnsidera-
tion of the report of the committeeabf con-
ference which was made this afternoon. I
move that the report be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. The report has been read.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear it
read again.
Mr. FERRY.. I understood that the report
of the committee of conference was ordered
to be printed aud to lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was
no order to print the report. The question is
on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
what the subject is.
Mr. DRAliE. The report is from the com*
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the bill to amend
certain acts in relation to the Navy and Marine
corps—that is all.
Mr. FERRY. That report of the committee
of conference, as I understood from the dis-
cussion an hour or two since, contains much
matter that was not contained in the disagree-
ments referred to that committee, many items
of entirely new legislation which have not been
considered except in the committee of con-
ference, which are of an important character.
I think the report ought to be printed so that
the Senate may understand what it is. I move,
therefore, that the bill be laid upon the table
and be printed, with the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. GRIMES. I have read the report of
the committee, and I simply wish to say to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that it is carrying
out the views which he expressed here the other
day on the subject of the Navy. The effect is
to reduce the expenses of the Government
about one million dollars, by reducing all the
line and all the staff officers of the Navy in
nearly every grade.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The motion to
print is debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing motion is to lay on the table the report of
the committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the fact stated by the
Senator from Connecticut is true, the commit-
tee have violated the rules.
Mr. FERRY. That is what I understood
when the report was made, that the rules had
been violated by the insertion of other matter
not referred to them at all.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I beg leave to say that
after consultation with experienced gentlemen
of this and the other House I was informed
that the rules were not violated by the inser-
tion of anything that is in that report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not rise to debate
the motion, but I desire to know what I am to
vote upon. I understood that the motion was
to lay the bill on the table and to order it to be
printed.
Mr. FERRY. That was the motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let us take the ques-
tion on printing first. I desire myself to see
it printed. I call for a division of the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on the motion to print.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion that the report lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TRANSFER OP ANT APPROPRIATION.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Senate
resolution No. 195, which is merely to correct
a mistake.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. It. No. 195) requiring the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to trans-
fer certain money was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to author-
ize the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to tranfer to the Treasury Department
the $2,500 appropriated "for collecting statis-
tics of mines and mining," by act of Congress
approved July 20, 1868, and to require the Sec-
retary of the Ireasuryto disburse it as provided
for m that act.
Mr. STEWART. I will explain this reso-.
iution in a word. An appropriation was made
to carry out a contract made by the Secretary
of the Treasury with Professor Raymond for
