1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
collecting statistics. That was the object for
which the appropriation was made, but through
some inadvertence it was put under the con-
trol of ibe Commissioner of the General Land
Office. The work has been done, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is unable to pay for it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1882) to prohibit the
further increase of the public debt, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA AND IOTVA.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to take up for
consideration Senate joint resolution No. 191.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 101) explanatory of an
act of Congress approved March 3, 1865, enti-
tled "An act extending the time for the com-
pletion of certain land-grant railroads in the
States of Minnesota and Iowa, and for other
purposes," was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
to amend the resolution by striking out in
lines eleven, twelve, and thirteen the words
" purchased by any one of said railroads and
adopted and made part of the line thereof,"
and to insert in lieu of them "by any arrange-
ment adopted by any of said railroads and
made part of the line thereof;" so as to make
the resolution read:
Be it resolved, &c., That it is the true intent and
meaning of the act of Congress, approved March S,
1S65, entitled "An act extending the time for the
completion of certain land-grant railroads in the
States of Minnesota and Iowa, and for other pur-
poses," and especially of the sixth section of said
act, to grant the additional aid specified in said act
to the entire line of the several railroads designated
therein, but in no case to any other railroads or parts
thereof not enumerated therein, even though the
same should have been byany arrangement adopted
by any of said railroads, and made part of tho line
thereof.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the meaning of this
resolution?
• Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say. to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office gave one construction to
the very peculiar language that is found in that
act, and the Secretary of the Interior a differ-
ent construction. The committee has adopted
the construction of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office in this resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understand it, I think
the Secretary of the Interior gives it the cor-
rect construction. The effect of his construc-
tion is that none of the additional amount of
land granted by the amendatory act can be
applied to pay for any part of the line com-
pleted before the amendatory act was passed;
and I think that is right. It was intended at
the time that act was passed adding four sec-
tions to the mile, that the four sections to the
mile of land added to the grant should be ap-
plied in completing additional portions of the
line. Now, if this amendment should be
adopted, it will enable them to absorb this ad-
ditional grant to pay any debts that may have
been contracted on the part of the road pre-
viously constructed. I would prefer that the
resolution should not pass until I can prepare
an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not the original
act before me, but it was before the Commit-
tee ou Public Lands, and the respective opin-
ions of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office and of the Secretary of the Interior were
before the committee, and they considered those
opinions and determined that the Commissioner
was correct in his construction of the law.
With due deference to the honorable Senator
from Iowa, I think he was correct, and that
was the opinion of the former Commissioner
of the General Land Office and the other mem-
bers of the committee. A company was en-
gaged in the construction of a railroad, and
had progressed about thirty miles, as I under-'
stand, with the road, and then a land grant
was made for the benefit of that road, providing
that they should have a certain quantity of land
upon each side of the line of the road. The
Commissioner held that they were entitled to
that land grant for the entire lkie of the road,
while the Secretary of the Interior undertook
to decide that for the thirty miles of road which
had been made or partly made they were not
entitled to the land, and that the grant com-
menced at that part of the road which had been
completed. We did not understand that in the
law there was any provision excepting any part
of the line of the road from the operation of
the grant, but that it was a grant for the entire
line of the road, and we simply propose to set-
tle this controversy be'tween the Secretary of
the Interior and the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office by providing that the grant
shall extend to the entire line of the road, but
shall not apply to any other roads that are
adopted or made part of this line of road.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall "be compelled to
move that the bill bepostponed until to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. There can be no objection
to the amendment, I think.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The amendment is only
to make it more explicit.
Mr. GRIMES. This resolution, it seems, is
intended to apply to a road in the State of
Iowa, as well as several in Minnesota. I never
heard of it before, and I think my colleague
knows very little about it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The resolution is not in-
tended to apply to any road in Iowa. The
question has arisen as to one single road in the
State of Minnesota. It has been discussed
before the land department, and it is necessary
that there should be some decision about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the St. Paul and Pacific
Railroad Company, in Minnesota, I imagine,
that is intended to be affected.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the joint resolution
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON MARKET COMPANY.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
752) to incorporate the Washington Market
Company.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
for a recess has almost arrived, and the reading
of the bill cannot be got through with before
four o'clock.
Mr. BUCIJALEW. I suppose this bill will
come up to-night, being a District of Columbia
bill; and so there is no necessity for a struggle.
I should like to inquire of the Chair before the
recess is taken whether any business will be in
order to-night except District of Columbia
business?
The PRESIDENT protempore. None other
but District of Columbia business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As I probably shall
not be hereto-night, I wish to move to amend
the first section of this bill by striking out the
name of T. H. Nelson. He is not ambitious
to figure in a market corporation.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I object to any amend-
ment being proposed until the amendments
reported by the committee are considered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is my amendment in'
order 1
The PRESIDENT pro ttmpore. It is not
in order now. The bill has not been read
through yet.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not want to be
here to-night. This gentleman does not want
his name in this corporation.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The time
fixed for taking a recess has arrived, and
the Senate will now take a recess till seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION".
The Senate reassembled atseven o'elockp. m.
REPEAL 01? USURY LAWS.
Mr. HAItLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 745.
Mr. FERRY. Senate bill No. 752 is now
before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There was
a bill pending before the Senate pertaining to
the District at the time the recess was taken.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate is thin yet;
and I prefer that there should be a quorum
present when that bill is taken up.
Mr. FERRY. It will take some time to
read the bill, and there are several amend-
ments to it reported- by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and I think
the Senate will be full by the time the bill is
read and the committee's amendments acted
upon.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that the Senate
should hear the bill read.
Mr. FERRY. I am perfectly willing, as the
Senate is so thin, to lay aside the bill inform-
ally ; but I do not wish to have it displaced.
Mr. HARLAN. That will be satisfactory
to me.
Mr. FERRY. Let the Senator take from
now until eight o'clock with other bills, and
then let this bill come up at that time.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the bill referred to by the Senator
from Iowa will be considered as before the
Senate.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 745) to repeal the usury laws of
the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee have reported
an amendment to the bill in the nature of a
substitute, and I suggest that the amendment
alone be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the original bill will be omitted, unless
it is called for by some Senator.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following:
That the rate of interest shall be six cents on the
hundred, by the year, on money due by express con-
tract unless a different rate be expressed in writing;
on all money, after the same becomes due, where
there is no contract fixing the rate of interest; on
judgment and decrees for the payment of money
where no other rate is expressed; on money lout
without a contract fixing the rate of interest; on
money received to the use of another and retained
beyond a reasonable time without the owner's con-
sent, express or implied; on money due upon the
settlement of matured accounts from the day the
balance is ascertained; on money due upon open
accounts after six months from the date of the last
item; and on all money duo, or to become due,where
there is a contract to pay interest and no rate stipu-
lated.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That parties may
agree in writing for the payment of interest not
exceeding the rate of eight cents on the hundred by
the year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That interest shall
be allowed on all moneys due on judgments and
decrees of any competent court or tribunal at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, unless a different
rate is fixed by the contract on which the judgment
or decree is rendered, in which case the judgment or
decree shall draw interest at the rate expressed in
the contract. Butno judgment or decree shall draw
more than eight per cent, per annum, whieh rata
must be expressed in the judgment or decree.
Sec, 4, And be it further enacted, That no person
shall, directly or indireotly, receive in money, goods,
or things in action, or in any other manner, any
greater sum or value for the loan of money or upon
contract founded upon any bargain, sale, or loan of
wares, merchandise, goods, chattels, lands, and ten-
ements than is in this act prescribed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if it shall bo
ascertained in any suit brought on any contract that
a rateof interest has been contracted for greater than
is authorized by this act, either directly or indirectly,
in money, property, orother valuable thing, the same
shall work a forfeiture of eight per cent, per annum
upon the amount of such contract to the school tund
of the district in which the defendant or defendants
in said suit may reside, and the plaintiff shall have
judgment for the principal sum without either inter-
est or costs. The court in which such suit is prose-
cuted sliall immediately docket a case and render
judgment for the amount of interest forfeited, as
aforesaid, against the defendant in favor of the city
of Washington, the city of Georgetown, or the county
of Washington for the use of the school fund of the
district in which the defendant or defendants in said
suit reside, whether tho said suit is contested or not;
and in all cases where the unlawful interest is not
apparent on the contract or writing, the person con-
tracting to pay the unlawful interest shall be a com-
petent witness to prove that the contract is usurious,
and in no oase whore unlawful interest is contrasted
