1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
for shall the plaintiff ba.ve judgment for more than
the principal sum, whether the unlawiul interest be
ine.orporaled with the principal or pat.
Sue. 6. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall be construed so as to prevent tixeproper
bona f.de assignee of any usurious contract from re-
covering against the usurer the full amount of the
consideration paid by him for such contract, less the
amount of the principal money; but the same may
be recovered of said usurer in the proper action be-
fore any court having competent j urisdlction. _
Sec.7. And be it further enacted, Thatan act entitled
"An act. against excessive usury," passed by the
Assembly of Maryland. 3d of October, 1704. and all
aets and parts of acts inconsistent with this act bq,
and the same-are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I came into the Senate Cham-
ber while that bill was being read; and if I
understand it, it ia a bill to increase the rate
of legal interest in many cases. X am opposed
to the bill. I am opposed to legalizing any
rate of interest higher than six per cent. There
are no people who can generally afford to pay
a higher rate of interest, or even as high a rate
of interest as that, because the large majority
of business of every kind does not produce that
amount of net gain upon the use of the capital
invested. In newly settled countries, where
money has not accumulated, and where there
is a great disproportion between the demand
for capital and the supply, it has sometimes
been thought wise and beneficial, at any rate
it has been tolerated, to establish a high rate
of interest. But our country is beginning to
become an old country; money is accumulat-
ing in the hands of its owners; there is a great
deal of dead capital owned by individuals as
well as by banks ; and it is an onerous charge
upon the industry and economy of any country
to impose as a legal rate of interest a greater
per cent, than six per cent., in my judgment.
That has been my conviction and mj' principle
always.
I profess to be a friend of this District and
to its oppressed people. I have been so for
thirty years without faltering in my fidelity
to their just interests. I think I should be
faithless to those interests and to the tradi-
tions, the almost imprescriptible habit of my
life, if I were to remain silent without a pro-
test against the passage of this bill. It shall
not pass if 1 can prevent it, either by argu-
ment or by calling for a division of the Sen-
ate. I think it a highly impolitic and op-
pressive measure, one that ought never to be
passed by Congress. If the Senator who has
the bill in charge will persist, in the present
sparse attendance of the Senate, in urging its
consideration, I shall oppose action upon it
at every step by all the means with which the
rules of' the Senate furnish me.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will hear me
one minute and then prefers that the further
consideration of the bill be deferred until the
Senate shall be fuller, I will consent that it may
go over. The bill does not authorize the pay-
ment of over six per cent, except on special
contract, and the reason that induced the com-
mittee to propose that modification iu the
existing law is this: a higher rate of interest is
permissible in the cities near us—in New York
and in Baltimore. A contract for eight per
cent., as I understand, is legal in Baltimore.
The result, as citizens here have informed the
committee, is that those who have money to
lend send it to Baltimore; and a citizen resid-
ing in the District who wishes to borrow money
of a citizen living in the District is compelled
to run over to Baltimore to make the transac-
tion, and in this way attempt and perhaps
succeed in evading the laws. The committee
thought it was a hardship to the people of this
District on account of the practical operation
of the legal rate of interest here, being below
the legal rate of interest in the adjacent cities.
With this explanation, if the Senator prefers
to have a fuller- Senate when the bill is acted
upon I will consent that it be' deferred.
Mr. DAYIS. The, expiation doeanotat
all obviate my objections. ,Jt is ki® advantage
to a man, in my judgment, generally to have
the use of monejr ata rate of interest g,bove
sis per cent. Jt ia feefcfer for aiiy ^wwunity
that the money whioh-eswtnot: loM-ied npoa
that rate of interest, and upon which a higher
rate of interest is demanded, should depart
from that community and go elsewhere. To
allow a man to pay usurious interest, letting
him toil and economize and stint his family for
years and years and eventually to be eaten up
by the accumulations of usury is no favor to
him or his-family.
Mr. HARLAN. I consent that the bill may
go over until the Senate shall be fuller.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The bill will
lie over for the present.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 458) granting the consent of Con-
gress provided for in section ten of the act
incorporating the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, approved July 2, 1864.
The message also announced that the House
non-concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. George S. Boutwell
of Massachusetts, Mr. Samuel Shellabaeger
of Ohio, and Mr. Chari.es A. Eldeidge of
Wisconsin, managers at the same on its part.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
insist upon its amendment to House joint res-
olution No. 402, and agree to the conference
asked by the House.
Mr. BUCKALEW, I desire to say a few
words on that subject, and I hope it will not
be actcd on at this time. We have not a
quorum here.
.Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that it should go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator does not
wish to postpone it longer than is necessary to
secure a quorum I will not object; but I should
like to have action upon it at an early day, if
it is to be acted upon at all.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I only wish to postpone
it until there is a quorum present.
Mr. DRAKE. It does not matter whether
that resolution is passed now or passed on the
last day of the session. The President has
not anything to do with it.
Mr. STEWART. It is quite material to have
it passed, if it is to pass at all, within the next
few days. The Legislature of my State will
adjourn on the 4th of March.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate consider the subject now by unanimous
consent ?
Mr. DAVIS. I think it much more material
that it should not pass at all. I am therefore
opposed to the Senate, in its present state,
taking any action upon it.
Mr. STEWART. The country will be very
much surprised by the strange sentiment uttered
by the Senator from Kentucky. [Laughter. ]
incorppbatios or keligious societies.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
925. I will state, while the Secretary is look-
ing for it, that it is a general bill for the incor-
poration of churches, prepared with very great
care by the honorable Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Tickers,] whom I now see in his seat;
and if it should be approved by the Senate it
will relieve the Senate of very great labor here-
after, as we hope.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 025) to incorporate the churches and re-
ligious societies and congregations in the Dis-
trict of Columbia was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the blank in
the fifth section be filled by " $3,000," so that
it will read:
Provided, lhat the clear yearly value of the .estate,
real and personal, exclusive of the rents of pews,
shall not exceed 68,000.
The PRESIDENT prdtemporel The blank
will be so filled, if there..beaio objection.
Mr. W1LLEY. It strikes me that this is a
very important bill, worthy of being looked
into. I think it will produce a great deal of
confusion and derangement in the disciplinary
regulations of at least some of the religious
societies of this country. I have not had an
opportunity of examining it, and only speak
from the impression my mind received from
the hasty reading of it, and not having heard
it all read. But I am very much mistaken if
it is not an attempt to control and fix the dis-
ciplinary regulations of several of the churches
of this land by congressional enactment, and
to that extent an attempt to take possession
of and control the disciplinary regulations of
the churches of this country.
In the first place, it strikes me that it is im-
politic to incorporate religious institutions in
this country at all. 1 am to some extent op-
posed to that policy. I doubt very much
whether there be not some danger in initiating
a policy of that character, and doubt very
much whether it will not interfere with the in-
terests of the churches in this country. It
strikes me that the bill, especially the third
section, to which my attention has been more
particularly directed, will run foul of the pres-
ent regulations of the dicipline of one of the
churches of this country at any rate. If I un-
derstand it, it takes it out of the power of the
ministry altogether to nominate trustees for
a church, no matter whether the discipline of
that church authorizes and requires the min-
istry to make that nomination or not, and takes
entirely from the control of the church au-
thorities, the ministry, certain powers which
by the dicipline of some of the churches in
this land they are now bound by the character
and requirements of the discipline to,-exercise.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will permit
me to make a suggestion. I understood him to
say he had not had time to examine this bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I have not.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very much disposed
to ask the Senate to give it the go-by for the
present iu order that the Senator may look it
over with a view to offering an amendment
that will remove the defect which he supposes
he has discovered, if it really exists. I will,
therefore, move that this bill be passed over
informally and let us try another bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be passed over informally.
judicial proceedings in the district.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to take up
Seriate biU No. 746.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 746) relating to judi-
cial proceedings in the District of Columbia.
It provides that in all cases in which a judg-
ment has been or may hereafter be rendered
by any justice of the peace for the county of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
which execution has been or may be issued
and returned unsatisfied, either in whole or
in part, the party in whose favor the judgment
has been rendered may file a transcript of such
judgment in the office of the clerk of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia ;
and thereupon it is to be the duty of the clerk,
on the day on which the transcript may be
filed, to enter in a book, to be by him kept for
that purpose, the names of the parties, the
amount of the judgment, and the date of filing
the transcript. Such judgment, when the tran-
script thereof shall have been filed, is to be-
come a lien on the real estate of the judgment
debtor from the date of the filing ; and execu-
tion may be issued thereon in the same man-
ner as if .the judgment had been rendered in
the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
and is to be executed in like manner.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment in line
seventeen to strike out the word " and" after
the word "thereof," and to insert:
But no execution or other process shall be issued
thereon until said judgment shall be affirmed by said
court after a hearing on the merits, the defendant
Having had sufficient notice of the time and placo
of the hearing, and whenso affirmed.
