36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Heport of the Postmaster General.
40th Cong....Sd Sess.
amount, of orders issued was $9,229,327 72,
and of orders paid and repaid $9,071,240 78.
Hence it appears that during the last fiscal year
there was an increase in the amount of orders
issued of seventy-five percent, and in the amount
of orders paid of seventy-seven per cent, over
the corresponding transactions of the previous
year. This large and constant increase from
year to year in the amonnt of money order
business plainly indicates the great utility of
this system for the public, as a safe and conveii-
ient method of transmitting small sums of
money through the mail.
The average sum for which money orders
were issued last year was $19 47, being nearly
the same as that of the previous year, $19 45.
The number of duplicates was 3,873, of which
3,792 were issued as substitutes for originals
lost in the mails or otherwise, 58 were in lieu
of orders rendered invalid because not pre-
sented for payment until more than one year
after date, and 23 to replace orders made in-
valid in consequence of bearing, contrary to
law, more than one indorsement.
The receipts and expenditures of the last fis-
cal year, as adjusted and stated by the Auditor,
were as follows, namely:
Receipts.
Fees on money orders issued $124,487-00
Premium received on exchange   ' 16 19
Expenditures.
Commissioris to postmasters and allow-
ances for elerk tire $65,271 36
Allowances for remittances lost
in the mails  1,769 00
Incidental expenses for stationery
and fixtures  3,304 68
124,503 19
70,345 04
Excess of reoeipts over expenditures $54,158 15
being thegross amount of revenue derived from
the transaction of the money-order business.
Under existing law post-office blanks of
every description are furnished exclusively by
the Congressional Printer, hence the cost of
money-order blanks used by postmasters is not
included in the foregoing statement of expendi-
tures.
In the transaction of the money-order busi-
ness the smaller offices usually issue more
orders than they pay, in consequence of the
general tendency to remit money to centers of
trade and commerce. For the same reason the
number of orders paid at the larger post offices
greatly exceeds the number issued; and to sup-
ply the latter with sufficient funds to meet this
excess of payments, postmasters at the smaller
offices are required to remit promptly to cer-
tain first-class offices, designated as their de-
positories, all-surplus funds that may accrue
in their hands from the issue of orders. These
remittances are made by means of national
bank drafts, or in registered packages by mail
when such drafts cannot be procured, as is
usually the case at the smalier post offices.
During the last year the amount of surplus
money-order fnnds remitted by these methods
and deposited in the larger offices was
$11,191,457 04. Whenever a registered pack-
age containing money-order funds in course of
transmission by mail is reported as missing, a
special agent is immediately instructed to in-
vestigate the matter, and if it cannot be found
after a reasonable time, credit for the amount
of the lost remittance is allowed, provided it
is proved, after a thorough examination of all
the circumstances of the case by the special
agent, that the postmaster not only sent the
money in a registered package, but in doing so
complied strictly with all the requirements of
the Department. These are, that he must
keep an exact description of the notes remitted
by him, and must be ready to prove by the tes-
timony of a disinterested witness that he in-
closed these notes in a secure package, which
he registered in the mode prescribed, and duly
dispatched in the mail from his office. As
above stated, the sum of $1,769 was allowed
during the last year for lost remittances. In
addition to this-amount an allowance of $5,265
was made to the postmaster at Austin, Texas,
on account of five lost remittances, proved'con-
clusively to have been duly mailed by him dur-
ing'the first quarter of 1868 to the postmaster
at New Orleans, Louisiana. These remittances
were stolen by a clerk in the post office of that
city, as appears from the report of the special
agents of this Department, who investigated
the case and caused the arrest and commitment
of the alleged depredator. The allowance in
this instance, however, was not made, and
notice thereof transmitted to the Auditor in
time for insertion in his report, and will there-
fore be included in his next annual statement.
The sum of $1,205,253 01 was transferred
by postmasters from the postage to the money-
order account, to enable them to meet orders
presented for payment at times when their
money-order funds were insufficient for the
purpose. On the other hand, the transfers
from the money-order to the postage account
amounted to $1,217,392 45, showing, at the
close of the year, a balance in favor of the
former account of $12,139 44.
Application has repeatedly been made to this
Department during the past year by citizens of
the United States who reside in or who fre-
quently visit Panama, New Granada, for the
establishment of a money-order office at the
United States consulate of that city. It is
represented that such an office would not only
afford much-needed facilities to American art-
izans and workmen resident in Panama and
vicinity for the transmission of small sums to
their families or relations at home, but would
also accommodate, in a similar way, the large
number of travelers who pass through that
city on their way to or from the Atlantic
States, as well as the numerous American sail-
ors who frequent the port. For like reasons
it seems desirable that a money-order office
should be opened at Aspinwail. I would there-
fore recommend that the Postmaster General
be authorized to establish an agency at each of
the cities in question, for the issue and pay-
ment of money orders by the United States
consul, in the same manner and under the
same regulations as at money-order post offices
in the United States. These two consuls at
present act as agents of this Department for
the receipt and dispatch of mail matter. The
addition of the money-order business to these
duties would involve an increase of responsi-
bility and of clerical labor, for which they
should receive an additional allowance pro-
portionate to the amount of business trans-
acted.
The Department is at present engaged in
arranging the details of a convention for the
interchange of postal money orders between
certain money-order post offices of this coun-
try and those of Switzerland. After it shall
have been put into successful operation simi-
lar arrangements will gradually be made with
other foreign countries which may desire the
establishment of an international money-order
system.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The law requires the salaries of postmas-
ters to be adjusted once in two years. The
aggregate salaries of postmasters, as revised
July 1, 1864, was $3,383,381 77. As adjusted
July 1, 1866, the sum was $4,033,728 17. As
adjusted July 1, 1868, the sum was $4,545,888.
The increase in a little over two years, from
June, 1866, to and including July, 1868, was
$1,162,506 23. This increase of salaries,
under the rules prescribed by law, is encour-
aging. It is based solely upon the continual
increase of the business of the Department
and of the people.
The increase of the expenses of the postal
service, based as it is upon public necessity
and public demand, instead of being cause of
discouragement, is a subject of congratulation.
The restoration of so large a part of the postal
service, suspended during the war, and the
new seryice created by Congress since the
close of the war, equal to one-third of the
amount of service in operation at that time,
have produced a less deficiency than existed
in time of peace and prosperity previous to
1860.
The proportion of deficiency to revenue is
far less now than then, notwithstanding the
service is very much greater than .ever before.
In 1859 the sum of the deficiency was only
$1,000,000 less than the entire revenue. In
1860 the sum of the deficiency was about three
million five hundred thousand dollars less than
the entire revenue. For the year 1868 the defi-
ciency is $10,000,000 less than the entire reve-
nue. The majority of the southern States have
never paid their own expenses for postal ser-
vice. They will not do so for a long time to
come. With the exception of Iowa and Mis-
souri none of the-States or Territories west of
the Mississippi have ever paid a revenue equal
to their postal expenses. The cost of the trans-
portation of the mails in all new States and
Territories, and in all sparsely-populated por-
tions of the country, never has been paid by
those States or Territories out of their own
revenues. It is only as population and busi-
ness increase, and the country is developed,
that postal service can be self-sustaining.
The idea that the Post Office Department
can be self-sustaining, in the present condition
of the country, is absurd. It cannot be, and
ought not to be, for fifty years to come. The
revenues will largely increase, and so will ex-
penditures. Ten years hence I estimate the
expenses of 'the Post Office Department at
$40,000,000, and the revenues at $30,000,000.
This increase must go on as long as the coun-
try prospers and mineral, agricultural, and
commercial business increases. The mines are
not yet all developed. The lands are not all
cultivated. The rivers are no.t all navigated.
The railroads are not all surveyed. The cities
are not all built. The sea has not given us all
we have a right to exact. Our country is not
finished. Until it is finished he is not a wise
nor a sagacious man who assumes that the
postal service will pay for itself.
The Post Office Department can be made
self-sustaining in one way, and that is by cut-
ting off the postal service in the States and
Territories where the receipts for postages are
not equal to expenses. This would exclude
all but Iowa and Missouri west of the Missis-
sippi, and all the States overborne by the
rebellion. It could fuither economize by with-
drawing all aid from the China, Brazil, and
Sandwich Islands steamship lines, thus saving
$725,000. It could save $995,000 by abolish-
ing the letter-carrier system for the cities. It
could also economize to the extent of over
$700,000 by overturning the system of postal
cars. It is true that in public estimation the
letter-carriers for cities are thought to be almost
indispensable, but the system costs money and
brings small revenue. It is all disbursement
and no receipt. What if from twelve to twenty-
four hours are saved in the transmission of
mails between Washington and Cincinnati, or
St. Louis, or Chicago, and the whole West and
Northwest by these traveling postoffices,which
put off and receive mails while traveling at
thirty miles an hour, and which receive mails,
make up mails, and distribute mails as they go
hurrying along ? It costs money, and the Gov-
ernment, like a miser, can keep its money in
its chest. It gives no return and helps nobody,
but is safely hoarded. A halting, timid, illib-
eral policy like this will save one million and
lose twenty. Every dollar put out by the Gov-
ernment in subsidies to build railroads, in sub-
sidies to aid ocean commerce, in liberal appro-
priations to open lines of travel and develop
