MO
HHB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
ask him if the committee cynsidered'that ques-
tion?
Mr. LINC.OLN. It -was too small, and the
committee so state.
Mr. BJ5AMAN.. I understood the report
to state that there was a mistake as to, the
route, but the report does not assert .that the
compensation was found to be too small by
the committee. , „ ,
Mr. LINCOLN. l£ai§ so statpdj/I^think, in
the report. • " . - i
Mr. COBB. Does the, bidder himself think
that the compensation was too £mall? [Laugh-
ter.] - . , ,
Mr. LINCOLN.. The contractor ?
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir. -
Mr. LINCOLN. Oh, of. course he makes
that assertiouj and the committee so report.
I ask the previous question.
. The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on tlic table.
The latter motion was agreed to.,
' HENRY S. GIBBONS.
Mr. LINCOLN, (on behalf of Mr. Ferry,)
from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, reported back, with an amend-
ment., joint resolution (H. II,- No. 211) for the
relief of llenry S. Gibbous, late postmaster
at St..Johns, Michigan.
The joint resolution authorizes and requires
the Postmaster General, in settling the ac-
counts of Henry S. Gibbous, lat-o postmaster
at St. John's, Michigan, to allow him a sum
not exceeding $000 as indemnification for a
like amount belonging to the post office fund
stolen from him by burglars, and which amount
has been paid to the United States by the said
Gibbons.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out "$000" and insert "$500."
Mi\ SCOFIELD. Does this joint resolution
contain an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The effect
of it is to give the Postmaster General author-
ity to settle the accounts of the claimant, but
it contains no appropriation, for it would take
money already appropriated. It should be a
bill; and not a joint resolution.
The report was r'cad.
Mr, LINCOLN. 1 demand the previous
question on tho joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third tune.
The question was put on the passage of the
mint resolution; and there were—ayes 30, noes
34 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lincoln
and Sooi-'ield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 5').
The SI'RAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the Je&s and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would like to
ask a questionjjefore the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER._ Thatrequires unanimous
consent, as the previous question is now operat-
ing.
No objection was made.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. I would ask if
the committee have any other proof that this
money was stolen than the statement of the
postmaster himself? I would- like to have
that question answered before I vote upon this?
question.
Mr. LINCOLN. The proof from the Post
Office Departraeptis that this man was robbed
in the manner described ; proof to .that effect
has been submitted to the Department, so that
they wpre satisfied that the robbery,-was com-
mitted. , ;
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Are the com-
, niittee entirely satisfied ?
Mr. LINCOLN. They are, unanimously.
The proof was that the man was robbed by a
burglar entering his room at night and stealing
his money. He paid the amount to the Depart-
ment, and the Postmaster General writes the
committee that he, has np authority to refund
the amount, but it must be done by Congress.
Mr. SCOP1ELD. All that we know is what
this man says. He says he had so much money
taken from him, of which so much belonged
to the United States. I suppose the evidence
is cle£.r enough that money was stolen.
Mr. LINCOLN. Here is a statement in-
dorsed by a hundred citizens of the place
vouching for the honesty and integrity of this
man.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution; and being taken, it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 55, not
voting 90; as follows:
• YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Boaman, Beatty, Beck, Bingham,
Broomall.Burr, RoderickR.Butler, Cake, Callis.Cary,
Cllatilor, Sidney Clarke, Corley, Deweese, Edwards,
Eggleston, Jb'arnsworth, Ferriss, Golladay, Gravely,
Oroyer, Haight, Haughey, Higby, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. "Hubbard. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenekes, John-
son, Julian, l^efsey, Ketcham, Knott, Koontz, George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mnllory, Marvin, Maynard,
-McCorxniek, Miller, Moorhead, Morrell, Mungen,
Myers, Newsham,Nicholson, Norris.O'Neill,Peters,
Windoni, Wood, and "Woodward—7(3.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Benjamin,
Boles, Jboulwotr, Bowen, Boydcn, Brooks, Buckley,
Chit, Cobb, Oullom, Delano, Dookery. Eokley, Go.tx,
talossbrouner, txoss, Harding, Hawkins, Ileaton,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, ITulburd, Thomas L.
Jones, Ivolley, Kitchen, Lush, Logan, McCarthy, Mc-
Cullouprh, MoKoo, Mercur, Moore, Mullins. New-
coinb, Niblaek, Perham, Plants, Price, Prince, Saw-
yer, Sootiold, Shanks, Shellabarger, Stover, Taffe,
taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Van Aukon, Van
Wyck, Elihu B. Wasliburne, and William Wil-
liams—55. ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Dclos
R. Ashley, James M; Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Benton,
Blackburn, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Benjamin ]?. Butler, Churchill, Roader W.
Clarke, Coburn. Cook, Cornell, Covode, Dawes
Dioltey, Dixon. Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Ela, Eld-
ridge, .Eliot, 1'erry,- Fields, I<'ox, Jfreneh, Garlield,
Gove, Griswold, Halso.y, Hamilton, Bill, Holman,
Hopkins, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Kellogg. Kerr, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall,
Morrissey. Nunn, Ortli, Paine, Phejps, Pike, Pile,
Poland, Pomcroy, Pruyn, Randall, Ranrn, Robin-
son, Itoss, fcehenck.Selye, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stew-
art, Syphor, Trowbridge, Van Aernarn, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal, Ward, Cadwnl-
adcr C. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welkor, Whittemoro,Thomas Williams,
James I?. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen i?.-Wil-
son, Woodbridge, and Young—90.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL DELIVERY, BROOKLYN, NEW YOltK.
Mr. BARNES._ I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution for considera-
tion at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. BARNES. I have the consent of the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, [Mr. Farnswokth.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
joint resolution be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall object to this and
everything else within the morning hour that
is not private business.
Mr. BARNES. Then, I ask that it be re-
ceived and'referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
No objection was made.
Accordingly the joint resolution (H. R. No.
892) respecting the delivery .of mail matter
within the city of Brooklyn, New York, was
introduced, read a first and second time, and ;
referred to ,tbe Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
SESSION OF TO-MORROW.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have a report to make
■from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, for a moment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to move that the
session of to-morrow be for debate only.
Mr. MAYNABJT). I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then 1 will move that
when the House adjourns to-day it be to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope not.
Mr. C DLLOM. I desire to say a few words
on this proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. -I cannot yield and allow
the morning hour to be taken up in this way.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to debate the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofiei,d,]
or for him to submit such a proposition at this
time.
LUTHER M'NEAL.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back,
with a recommendation that the same do pass,
Iloose bill No. 800, for the relief of Luther
McNeal, late postmaster at Lancaster, Erie
county, New York.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to pay to
Luther McNeal for money and postage stamps
belongingto the United States, and which were
stolen from the post office at the town of Lan-
caster, Erie county, New York, while he was
postmaster, §178 35, which sum he has paid
to the Government on settlement with the
Post Office Department, the money to be paid
out of the Post Office'fund by the Postmaster
General upon McNeal making satisfactory
proof that the money and stamps were stolen
without fault on his part.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to hear the report in this case.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, there is no
written report-
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I think
there ought to be such a report.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads unanimously rec-
ommend the passage of this bill. I can state
in a few moments the facts of the case. Mr.
McNeal was postmaster at the place named in
the bill, and while he held that position the
safe in his office was robbed of-$229 35. Fifty-
one dollars of. this money was afterward re-
covered from the burglars, who were convicted
of the crime, and are now serving out their
term iu the penitentiary. The proofs in the
case are lying on my desk. One hundred and
forty-four dollars of the sum was in Gov-
ernment stamps; $85 35 was in legal-tender
notes. After deducting the amount recovered
there is a balance of $178 35. The whole
amount has been paid to the Postmaster Gen-
eral. I find_by an examination of the books
that everything has been settled up, and the
postmaster has been discharged from all ac-
countability. He now asks that the Postmas-
ter General may be authorized to pay him back
this sum of $178 35; and the committee rec-
commend this reimbursement, they being satis-
fied that the_ Joss was not the result of any
negligence of the postmaster. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. HIGBY. I would like to ask my col-
league [Mr. Johnson] a question.
Mr._ JOHNSON. I cannot yfeld, because
there is but a half minute of the morning hour
remaining.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there .were—ayes 41, noes 42; no
quorum voting. ,
The SPEAKER, The morning hour has
expired,"and t&is bill goes over .till t}ie morn-
ing hour on  «t private bill day. '
