1869.
THE QONGRESSIQ;NAL G^C x
K. W. BEST AND S.. S. PHILLIPS. .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Reconstruction, who are authorized to report
at any time, have directed me to report a bill
(H. R. No. 1598) to relieve from disabilities
R. W. Best and Samuel F. Phillips, of North
Carolina. I ask that it. be put on its passage
now. . :
. The bill was read a first and second time. It
proposes to enact, with the concurrence of two
thirds of each House, that all political disabil-
ities iaposed by the United States uponR. W.
Best and Samuel F. Phillips, of North Caro-
lina, in consequence of participation ■ in the
recent rebellion be removed.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to offer an
amendment, to add to the bill the name of
William F. Taylor, of Virginia. The remoyW
of his disabilities has been recomrnendea by
the Secretary of War and a great ma|j}n3ther
gentlemen of high character.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not authorized
by the committee to accept any amendment.
If my colleague [Mr. Ctjllom] will have the
case he mentions referred to the committee
they will examine and report upon it; but I
am not authorized by the committee to permit
any amendment to this bill.
I will state the reason for reporting the bill
and asking its passage this morning. One of
the gentlemen whom it proposes to relieve is
the elerk of the supreme court of North Car-
olina, and the other is the reporter of that
court. The court is, I understand, now in ses-
sion, but cannot do business because of the
disabilities of these officers. The delegation
from North Carolina desired the committee to
report this bill at once; and ask its passage.
Mr. CULLOM. I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman that this man whose dis-
abilities I desire to have removed is in an
exactly similar situation. The Secretary of
War, the general commanding the district
where this gentleman resides, and a great many
other men of the highest character, recommend
the removal of his disabilities as speedily as
possible. Otherwise I would not ask for the
insertion of his name without a reference of
the case to the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no authority
from the committee to consent to such an
amendment.
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will first yield to
my colleague on the Committee on Recon-
struction, [Mr. Paine.] who desires to make
an observation.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw the amendment he offers.
We have had such recommendations as the one
the gentleman refers to; but, sir, we have
decided that we must have something more
than recommendations—that we must have
facts before us for our own examination before
reporting bills to the House for its action.
Mr. CULLOM. I withdraw my proposition
for amendment, and will present the case to
the committee in the hope that it will receive
early action.
Mr. MULLINS. Am I to understand that
this man has to be appointed or the supreme
court will be suspended?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He has been already
appointed.
Mr. MULLINS. Then we must relieve him
or this supreme court will.be suspended. Now,
T wish to know whether this is the first time
that the gentleman has heard of the supreme
court of that State having been suspended by
rebels. If the court is not to be suspended
unless we pass this then I shall contest it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being^engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MULLINS demanded tellers: and after-
ward the.yeas and nays op the passage of the
bill. : ;
, Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas.apd,
nays were not ordered.'
The House divided; and there were—ayes
104, noes 10.
_ So,(two thirds haying voted-in the affirma-
tive) the bill was passed. . ..
Mr. ;FARNS_W0RTII mov^4 to recpnsider
the vote by which the bill-was p.a^sed j aad also
moved that thp motion to recoasidpr be laid on.
the table. • . -
The latter motion was agreed $0. ■ -
ADJOURNMENT OVER;
Mr. SC0FII3LD. I rise to propose an ad-
journment over till Monday next,*' but before
doing so I will ask unanimous consent that the
session of to-morrow shall be for debate alone.
Mr. CULLOM. A good many gentlemen
desire to make speeches, and 1 think the House
will do itself no injustice by allowing that to be
done ; but, sir, for my part I should prefer that
we shall have to-morrow a morning hour for
reports from committees of private bills and
after that a session for debate,
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to a session to-
morrow for debate only, but I am in favor of a
session for business.
Mr. SCOFIELD, I move, then, that when
the Housfe adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
73, noes 39.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his objection to a ses-
sion to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not make the objec-
tion in a captious spirit, but from the convic-
tion that we ought to devote a portion of this
session, at least, to private business, and to-
morrow is one of the days set apart for that
purpose. Private bills have been more neg-
lected during this Congress lhan any preceding
one that I know of.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is apparent that the
House will vote to adjourn over; and what, then,
can the gentleman gain by objecting to a session
to-morrow for debate only?
Mr. MAYNARD. That is tho question to
be settled.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to the point of order
that debate on this motion is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to have
replied to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
*Mr. HUNTER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 73, not voting
68 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Bailey, Barnes,
Barnum, Bcaman, Beattv, lieek, Bowen, Boydcn,
Buyer. Brooks. Broomali, Buck land. Burr, Cake, Gary,
Chanter, Sidney Clarke, Jlickey, Dockery, Eekley,
Edwards, Eliot, Get.z, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gove,
Grover, Ilalsey, Harding, Haughey, Hcaton, Jilill,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Knott, Koonta, McOormick, McCullough,
Miller, Morrell, Mungen, Myers, Newsham, Kibiaek,
Nicholson,liforris, Pettis, Polsley, Price. It ob erf son.
Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stewart, Stone, Stover, Taber, Taffo,
ThomasrJohn Trimble. Lawrence S.Trimble,Twioh-
ell, Upson, Van Trump, Van Wvrk, William Williams,
James P. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Baker, Baldwin,
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Boles, Bromwell. Buck-
ley, Roderick B. Butler, Callis, Reader W. Clarke,
Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Oorley, Covode, Cullom, Dav.es,
Deweese, Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Remiss,
French, Garfield, Goss. Gravely. Haiglit, Hawkins,
Higby, Hotchkiss, Hunter, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Keteham, Kitchen, Laflin, Lash, G-eorgo V.
Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory,
Marvin, Maynnrd, McCarthy. McKeetMercur,Moore,
Moorhead, Muliins, Neweomb, O'Neill.Perham, Pe-
ters, Pierce, Plants, Prince, Schcnck, Shanks, Stokes,
Taylor, Tift, Van Aernam. Elihu B. Washburne,
Welker, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—73. , , ^ ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, James M, Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Black-
burn, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Benjamin F.Butler,
Churchill, Cook, Cornell, Delano, Dixon, Dodfe,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eldridge. Ferry, Fields, Fox, Gris-
wold, Hamilton, Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard. Richard D. Hubbard, Johnson, Kellogg. Kerr,
William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Morris-
sey, Nuxm.Orth, Paine, Phelps,'Pike, Pilev PMatid,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Kobineofl, Roots,
Rosa, Sely e, Sitgroaves, Stevens. Sypher, Trowbriiige,
van Anken, Burt Van Horn, Bobert T. Van Horn,
Vidal, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn,1 William' B.- Wnshbtirn. • Whittemore,
JCaomas Williams; Woodbrid^e, and Y.outig^—68.'
So the motion was agreed to* - • • - " 
•WASHlSfliOM' TElUUTO'ft^L, MWlSLAX&gK
  —- —v vv« «juiuvtiniiuu ji^ui;vuc
Secretary,of the Treasury, transmitting a let-
ter from the secretaryof Washington Territory,
inclosing estimates of the current expanses of
the Legislative Assembly iti the secretary's
office for the fiscal yeUr ending June 80, 1&70;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
CHEEK. INBJAjjs. ,
The SPEAKER also laid-bfefore the House a
communication from the Secretary of the."In-
terior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, with estimates- -of
appropriations required to carry out thetreaty
with the Creek nation of. Indians ; which was
ordered to be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
SALVAGU. . * •
The SPEAKER. The Chair also lays before
the House a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting the claims of the officers
and crews "of the United States gunboat. Be
Soto and transport Crescent for salvage agaiast
the United States steamer Leviathan. As this
presents a question, the Chair will have read the
last sentence of the .letter of the Secretary of
War, and the House can then d«ter,mipe to
what committee it shall be referred..
The Clerk read the following extraetsfrom
the letter of the Secretary of War: p- •
"1 avail myself of this occasion further to-suggest
that it be made a mattor of inquiry as to whether
tho public advantage would not be promoted by a
repeal of the statute allowing salvage to salvors of
public vessels where the parties belong to the public
armed service. It would seem to be of questionable
justice that the United States should be calicd upon
to pay for assistance rendered its own vossels in dis-
tress by its own officers and crews."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
ought to go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KELLEY. To the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. CHANLER. It suggests a change in
the law in regard to salvage ; and I move that
it be referred to the Committee on the-Judi-
ciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it go
t6 the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KELLEY". I assent to that'.
' The communication was accordingly re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
CONTRACT IfOIt I'OSTACIE STAMPS. .
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, transmitting, in compliance with House
resolution of tho 14th ultimo, advertisements
of proposals, contracts, and correspondence
relative to postage stamps ; which, on motion
of Mr. Wasubuknis, oflllinois, was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPBRS.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew from the files of the House the papers in
the following cases, for the purpose of pre-
senting the same before a committee of the
Senate: William R. Riley, James Sclden, J. R.
D.Morrison; John W. Baden, administrator; G.
L. Machenheimer, Frederick G. Rohe, Charles
J. Stewart, John H. McChesney; Sarah . A.
Butt, administratrix; Richard Butt, Robert
McChesney, William B-. Beall, James B- An-
derson, Abram Hyman^ J. Thomas Talbeft,
Enos Ray, Henrietta Norton; Thomas Fit-
nan, sen., by Augustus Fitnan; Jacob Cojeiaaer,
James Pilling, A. C. P. Shoemaker, Sarah
Matthews, James Mulloy, B. D. patenter,
Oliver Bufour, Henry Martin, Daniel V. Col-
