1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
as would be incurred for a like offense on the
trial of a suit. Every witness appearing and
testifying under the act is to be entitled to re-
ceive from the party at whose instance he has
been summoned the fees now provided by law
for each day he shall give attendance.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I desire to
make a suggestion to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who has this bill in charge, as to the
twelfth line of the first section. Is it neces-
sary to absolutely require proof to be made to
the officer? Would not the mere affidavit of
the party himself be prima facie cause to
justify the issuing of the summons?
Mr. SUMNER. In this bill the committee
has followed a bill for a similar purpose in the
State of New York, which has been found to
work well there.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The title of the bill was amended by striking
out.the word "and" after "United States,"
and inserting " or so as to read :
A bill to provide for tho execution in the District
of Columbia of commissions issued by the courts
of the States and Territories of the United States or
of foreign nations, and for taking depositions to be
used in such courts.
WIIUAM GRANT POWERS.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am instructed by the Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1453) for the relief of William
Grant Powers, to report it back withoutamend-
ment; and I move that it be now considered.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to admit into the
Government Hospital for the Insane, in the
District of Columbia, William Grant Powers,
an insane person, son of Mrs. Eliza H. Powers,
widow, an employ§ of the Government in the
Post Office Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
UNIOMTOT7N AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up the bill (S. No. 532) to incorporate the
Uniontownand Washington City Railroad Com-
pany, in the District of Columbia. This is for
a street railroad, I may say generally.
The motion was agreed; to and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill._ The proposed corporation
is to have authority to construct and lay down
a single or double track railway, with the neces-
sary switches and turnouts, commencing at
TJniontown, in the county of Washington; run-
ning thence across the bridge known as the
navy-yard bridge, across the Anacostia river,
or across any other bridge that may hereafter
be built across that river at or near the foot of
Eleventh street east, -with the necessary turn-
outs from the bridge to the foot of Eleventh
street; thence along Eleventh street east to
East Capitol street; thence along East Capitol
street to First street east; thence along First
street east to North A or North B street, to
intersect with the Metropolitan railroad, with
the privilege of running passenger cars over
the Metropolitan railroad track to its western
terminus, upon such terms as maybe equitable
and just to the stockholders of the Metropol-
itan Railroad Company; also a double or single
track branch railway, commencing at the inter-
section of _M street south and Eleventh street
east, running thence along M street south to
the toot of Eighth street east, to intersect with
the Waslungton and Georgetown railway track;
also a double or single track branch railway,
commencing at the intersection of Eleventh
street east and Virginia avenue, running thence
along Virginia avenue to Eighth street east, to
intersect with the Washington and Georgetown
railroad; also a double or single track branch
railway, commencing at the intersection of
Eleventh street east and Pennsylvania avenue,
running thence along Pennsylvania avenue to
the intersection of that avenue and Eighth street
east, to connect with the railroad track of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, with the privilege of running passenger
cars over the railway track of the Washington
and Georgetown Railroad Company from either
or all of the above-named intersections, upon
such terms as may be equitable and just to the
stockholders of said company. Also a double
or single track branch railway, commencing at
the intersection of Eleventh street east and
South E street; running thence along E street
south to the Congressional burying ground, with
the right to run public carriages thereon drawn
by horse-power. The rate of fare is not to
exceed seven cents a passenger for any distance
between the termini of the main railway, or
between the termini of either of the branch
railways, or between either terminus of the
main railway and the terminus of either of the
branch railways.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
proposed various amendments to the bill.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in line four, in the list of corpora-
tors, to strike out the name "English" and
insert "Parish."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight, after
the names of the corporators, to insert the
words "all of the county of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
word "street," in line twenty-one of section
one, the following words:
And the said company shall pay the cost of any
changes in said bridge or increased cost of any such
new structure necessary to accommodate said rail-
road track, so as not to interfere materially with the
usual travel over the same, and also a just propor-
tion of the expense of keeping said bridge in repair,
to be determined by the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
word "terminus," in the thirty-third line of
the first section, the words " with the consent
of the said company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-nine,
section one, to insert the word "the" before
the word "Washington."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line fifty-two, after the word "intersections"
to insert "with the consentof said company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line sixty-four, after the word "railway" to
insert the following proviso:
Provided, That the fare from the terminus of the
said main railway, or either terminus of said branch
railways to the terminus of either the "Washington
and Georgetown railroad orof the Metropolitan rail-
road, shall not exceed ten cents a passenger.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line two, to strike out the word "exclusive"
before the word "right."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine,
line two, to fill the blank with " $30,000;" in
line three, to fill the blank with "$300,000;"
in line four, to fill the blank with the words
"twenty-five;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted. That the capital
stock of said company shall not be less than $30,000
nor more than $300,000, and that the stock shall be
divided into shares of twenty-five dollars each, and
shall be deemed personal property, transferable in
such manner as the by-laws of said company may
direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirteen,
line three, to strike out the word "or," before
the word "Secretary," and after the word
"Navy" to insert the words "or Postmaster
General;" so that the section will read:
That said corporation shall, on demand of the
President of the United States, Secretary of War,
Secretary of the Navy, or Postmaster General, cause
to be transported over said railway any freight cars
laden with freight for the use of the United States.
The officers causiDg such service to be done shall pay
a reasonable compensation therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four-
teen, after the words "pro rata," in line
twenty-two, to insert the words " first award-
ing to each subscriber of twenty shares or less
the full amount of his subscription."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by adding an additional section in these words:
And be it further enacted, That this act may at any
time be amended or repealed by Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire if those words
are not already in the bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such a pro-
vision is already in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read. I
want to be sure about that.
The Chief Cleric read the provision, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That this act may
at any time be altered or repealed by the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that section had
better be transferred to the end of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw the amendment
that I offered. It is suggested to me that sec-
tion seven, the one just read, had better come
in at the end of the bill, and the sections can
be numbered to correspond.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be done if no objection is made.
The bill, as amended, was reported to the
Senate, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
ARCHING Of TIBER CREEK.
Mr. HAItLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
808.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 808) to arch Tiber creek north of Penn-
sylvania avenue was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill proposes to authorize and require the cor-
poration of Washington to regulate and determ-
ine the course of Tiber creek from Massachu-
setts avenue to Pennsylvania avenue, and for
that purpose to condemn, in the same manner
and under the same laws whereby new alleys
are condemned and opened in the city of Wash-
ington, a street, which shall be of the width of
fifty feet, and shall be called Tiber street, and
shall extend from Pennsylvania avenue on the
south to Massachusetts avenue on the north.
The street so condemned is to be subject to
the control of the corporation of Washington
in the same manner and to the same extent as
other streets within the city of Washington.
Thirty feet of the width of the said street, being
fifteen feet on each side of the middle thereof,
are to be for the bed of the Tiber creek. The
mayor of the city of Washington and the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings are, as soon as
practicable after the condemnation and determ-
ination of the line of Tiber street, to adver-
tise for at least ten days in two daily papers
published in the city of Washington, giving
detailed specifications and inviting proposals
for the arching of Tiber creek throughout the
entire length of Tiberstreet from Massachusetts
avenue, on the north side thereof, to Pennsyl-
vania avenue, in manner as similar as possible
to the present bridges across Tiber creek on
the lines of Pennsylvania avenue and Indiana
avenue. _ To defray the cost of the work the
corporation of Washington is authorized to
levy and collect a tax on the area of all assess-
able ground within the city limits which di-
rectly or indirectly drains into Tiber creek, the
aggregate of which tax is to be equal to such
proportionate share of the whole cost as the
area of the land within the building lines of
the squares or parts of squares which drain
into Tiber creek bears to the whole area so
drained ; and the residue of the cost of the
