1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1217
■will be read if there be no objection. It was
sent to the Chair with a request that he should
lay it before the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., February II, I860.
'£o the Honorable the Senate of the United States :
At a numerously "attended meeting of the Second
"Ward Republican Club held this evening at the
church on Fifteenth street, between i and k streets,
the following resolution was passed almost unan-
imously, viz:
Resolved, That the Second Ward Republican Club
respectfully protest against the transfer of the Cen-
tre Market franchise to the Washington Market
^Company, or any other monopoly, believing that the
franchise and the largo revenue derived therefrom
should remain with the city.
And be it further resolved. That a copy of this reso-
lution be transmitted to the Senate and the House
of Representatives of the United States.
I have the honor to lemain, very respectfully,
St. CLAIR BURLEIGH,
Secretary Second Ward Republican Club.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T am gratified for once
to he able to concur iu the sentiments ex-
pressed by a political organization of that
name. I cordially respond to every sentiment
■against this bill that is expressed in that reso-
lution, and had thought of moving to postpone
Indefinitely this bill. I think it is a very ex-
traordinary bill. It is certainly a new idea to
place the market in a city under a corporation
to be controlled by a few persons with a view
to making gain out of that which ought to be
made as free to the people as possible. I
never heard of such a thing before. It may
be very common in cities that the market-
places shall be placed under the control of a
<elose corporation, but if it be the practice any-
where I have never heard of it. I had sup-
posed that the market-places were made as
free as possible by the cities, that the people
of the couutry might come in and sell their
produce to the people of the cities at the low-
est rates that their interests would allow them
to sell.
Now, Mr. President, I believe that this bill
will place this corporation in close alliance with
the hucksters, who are understood to be an
injury both to the country people and to the
city people. They stand between the people
who have the products to sell and the people
who want to buy. They are the speculators
upon the food that the people sell on the one
side and that they eat on the other side. Let
this market-house be built under the- super-
vision and the control of this corporation, and
then it becomes a struggle among the huck-
sters who shall obtain the desirable places at
which to sell the food to the people; and a
rivalry of that sort will secure large gains to
the corporation in selling the most desirable
stalls and profits to the hucksters who will get
the control of the markets.
Why, Mr. President, the control that huck-
sters get of the market is one of the evils that
cities try to exterminate. They try to put an
end to this evil for the benefit both of the
■country people and of the city folks. This
arrangement will defeat all such efforts and
place the people of the country who have any-
thing to sell, and the people of the city who
wish to buy, at the mercy of these speculators
in food. What is the purpose of it? What is
the necessity of it? Has it come to this that
nothing can be done any more except by cor-
porations? I suppose it is the business of a
city to build a market; to take care of the
market ; to see that it is open to such an ex-
tent as that the people of the country can come
in and conveniently sell to the people of the
city. I move that the bill be indefinitely post-
poned. I thinkitwilldo no good, and much evil.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not rise to advo-
■ cate this bill, but to state simply the circum-
stances under which it comes before the Senate.
I feel no sort of interest in it one way or the
other. The bill was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and the first
step we took with regard to it was to give notice
to the mayor and aldermen of the city, in order
that we might bear from them whether they
were in favor of it or not. It was urged upon
public grounds somewhat that this unsightly
pile of buildings ought to be removed, and that
40th Cohg. 3d Sess.—No. 77.
the ground ought to be occupied as a market
in proper shape. Having given notice to the
mayor, aldermen, and common council of the
city, we found that a resolution was passed
unanimously by those boards, and approved by
the mayor, recommending that the bill be
passed substantially as it was reported by the
committee. I was informed by the mayor,
however, that he gave it his approval only upon
the condition that certain amendments should
be made, which amendments are substantially
made in the bill as reportedfrom the commit-
tee, and have been made more definite since
by the amendments which I have offered. As
the bill stands now, if this thing is to be done
at all, I do not think it is objectionable in its
present shape. Whether it ought to be done
or not under the circumstances is a matter for
the Senate to decide. Since taking the steps
of which I have spoken I have received other
information, particularly the information which
led me to move the amendment in reference to
Louisiana avenue, limiting the extent some-
what upon Pennsylvania avenue, and also with
regard to the stock to give all the citizens a
chance to become subscribers. I am told
that one of the boards has revised its action,
and is now opposed to it on further considera-
tion. I know the bill is not a favorite with the
mayor of the city, although he thinks, in its
present shape, it will do very little harm. I
was waited upon by several gentlemen, prop-
erty-holders, who were very much opposed to
it, who gave me some information in regard
to it, and information in fact that led to the
amendments which I have proposed.
That is the history of the bill. Under the
circumstances, knowing what the place was,
the bill being introduced, thegentlemen named
in it being desirous of improving the property
and willing to consent to any reasonable terms,
and the mayor and common council of' the
city not objecting but approving, the com-
mittee thought it their duty to report the bill
to the Senate. My honorable friend from
Connecticut, who is on the committee with
me, knows more about tha history of this con-
templated market than I do; he has been more
familiar with the matter both in the House of
Representatives and here than I am, and there-
fore 1 desired that lie should take charge of
the bill so far as bringing it forward was con-
cerned, while I looked to the amendments
which I myself drew.
I have stated precisely what information I
have on the subject. 1 will state further that
I have said to gentlemen on both sides, and
I said this morning, that, in my judgment, the
bill could not be passed at this session of Con-
gress. I gave that notice or said that to gen-
tlemen who were opposed to it, and I said the
same to gentlemen who were in favor of it,
that I should not bring it up. but I had no ob-
jection to its being brought up by others. Un-
der these circumstances I have deemed it but
fair to make this statement to the Senate, be-
cause I said it, and having said it it may have
•misled gentlemen who may have thought that
the bill was not to be acted upon. Whether
they knew to the contrary or not I do not
know, but I deemed it due to myself, having
made the statement, to repeat it here, in order
that the Senate may understand the exact con-
dition of the bill so far as I am concerned.
Having said this much, I leave it to my honor-
able friend from Connecticut to take charge
of it.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall have to vote against
this bill unless some such amendment as the
following should be agreeable to its friends. I
will propose when it shall be in order to add
to section twelve, as amended, substantially the
following proviso:
Provided, That the corporate authoritiesof Wash-
ington city may at any time purchase the rights of
the said company by tho payment of tho acttial and
necessary cost of said structures with interest at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, less the net receipts
for routs.
With some such amendment as that I think
1 could vote for the bill, but otherwise I oould
not.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, for a great
many years this city has- been agitated with this
market question. I remember-well when I was
in Congress before the war a .strong desire was
felt that the unsightly and inconvenient struc-
tures where the marketing of the city is now
done should be replaced by structures at'once
better calculated for the public accommodation
and better adapted to the capital of the' nation.
But it has been the misfortune in all past time,
as it seems to be the misfortune now, that the
Government will not build a market-place, the
city will not build a market-piace, and Sen-
ators who feel that the market ought to belong
to, be built by, and be controlled by the city,
if we may judge by the experience of the last
forty years, will have to wait forty years longer
before the city of Washington or its authorities
will construct a new market-place.
The difficulty, then, has heen that when per-
sons have come forward and proposed to build
a market, others, apprehensive that there might
be profit to be derived from the ownership of
marketproperty,andseekingtoobtain that profit
for themselves, have come into operate against
every proposition which has ever been made
for building a market in this city by private
enterprise. At the present time these corpo-
rator apply for an act of incorporation by
which they may be enabled to construct a suit-
able market-place and buildings connected with
the same for this city, which shall be an ac-
commodation for all the public, which shall be
ornamental even for the great avenue of the
capital of the country, and which shall be free
from every objection which has been suggested
by the Senator from Indiana; for the objec-
tion which he has made is entirely obvi-
ated by the provisions of the second section as
amended in its concluding page by the com-
mittee. I favor the bill only because I believe
that unless it shall now be passed by Congress
no action will be taken, we shall go on, and the
city will go on as it has done for forty years
past, occupying the same premises with build-
ings of the same character, and wkeneverany
parties come in seeking through a charter of
incorporation to provide market facilities for
the city they will be met by just such objec-
tions as are made here to-day. I think that
every objection which has been suggested is folly
answered by the provisions of this bill. It is
impossible for the owners of stalls, under tha
provisions of the second section, to make a
monopoly, which the Senator from Indiana ap-
prehends. That matter is in the absolute con-
trol of the municipal authorities by an amend-
ment which the committee have added to the
second section, and substantially the control
over the property as a market-place is, by vari-
ous sections of this bill, put into the hands of
the municipal authorities.
When this bill was reported by the commit
tee both branches of the municipal authorities
of this city voted in favor of its adoption by
Congress, one unanimously and the other by
every vote except two. They did so because
of llie necessity existing, the absolute existing
public necessity, i'or further market facilities
than those which are now enjoyed by the peo-
ple of the city of Washington.
I feel no interest in this bill, of course, any
further than the necessities of the city which,
have been placed before the committee of
which i am a member seem to me to require
it. From my past experience, I believe that
no remedy for the existing evil will be had
except through private enterprise operating
through an incorporated company. 1 do not
believe that the remedy ever will be afforded
by the corporate authorities of the city oi'
Washington, and ought not to be by the Gov-
ernment of the United States; and a corpo-
ration enjoying this franchise, controlled in
all its details, so far as regaids the market-
ing of the city is concerned, by the municipal
authorities, is, in my judgment, the only mode
by which this important improvement will be
secured. That is tiie reason whv I favor this
bill. ' ■
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would like to ask the
