266
TBS • CONGBESSIGNM/ G&OKE.'
January 8,
fleslv arid blood were laid in soldiers' graves.
They yielded up theirlives battling against An
enemy which threatened to overturn the Con-
stitution of this land and subvert its liberties.
We who survived had fondly hoped that with
the last note of the fierce rebellion all peril'had
passed away. We consoled ourselves for all
the tumult that hadgorfe before by the assur-
ance that* there would' be but serenity'and
security in all which was to cottle. B\it a foe
again attacks us not with a loud proclamation
and the open defiance df hostile war not with
in insidiousness which seeks to allay all doubt
and silence all suspicion, it presents itself as a
benefactor to confer a blessing. With promises
of reform upon its lips giving assurance of bet-
ter and more faithf&l service to the country it
appears in an aspect to enlist our sympathies
and engage our favor. If we listen to its allure-
ments and incorporate it into our national sys-
tem we shall discover its tendency and its pur-
pose only when too late to counteract either.
It will not be apparent how great is its enor-
mity, ho$ vicious are its practices, and how
poisonous are its-influences until we are too
far encircled by its coils to shake them off.
Foi? their sakes who died that this country
might b& preserved to their posterity repub-
lican inform and republican in name 5 that the
liberties of this people should still be preserved
intact from open violence and secret decay;
that there should be 110 aristocracy created by
Government; to the end that as now, for the
first time, (lallmen are free and equal5' before
the law, the law shall not again adopt another
code to make men any less free, I do entreat
the condemnation of this House upon this
destroying proposition.
The following is the biy to which I have
addressed my remarks:
A bill to regulate tho civil service of the United
States and promoto tho efficiency thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States ofAmericain Oongressassem-
bfed, That from and alter tho passage of this act
fboro shall bo created a now oxecutivo department
of tho Government of tho United Stated, to be called
tho Department of tho Civil Service; that tho head
of said,Department shall bo tho Vico Prcsidont ot
tho Unitod States, or in easo of a vacancy in said
office, the l'rosidontof the Senate for tho timo being,
who shall be a member 'and president of tho Board
of Commissioners hereinafter created, and shall per-
form all tho duties Lassitgnod to him by this act]
pertaining thereto.
Sec. 2, Andbe it further enacted, That hereafter all
appointment* of civil officers in the several depart-
ments of tho service of tho United States, except
postmasters and Much officers as aro by law required
to bo appointed by tho President, by and with tho
advico and consent of thcSenato, shall bo made from
those persons who shall havo been found best auali-
fiod for the purlorwauco of the duties of the offices
to which such appointments aro to bo made, in (an I
open and competitive examinations, to be conducted
as herein prescribed.
Sko. 3. Audio it further enact rd. That there shall
be appointed by tho President, by and with tho ad-
vice and consent of tho Senate, aboard of four com-
missioners, who shall hold their offices for tho term
of five years, to be called the civil sorvico examina-
tion board, among whose duties shall be tho follow-
ing:
k'wst. To prescribe tho qualifications requisite for
an appointment into each branch and grado ot the
civil service of tho United States, having regard to
tho fitness of cach candidate in respect to ago, health,
chaiaoter, knowledge, and ability tor the branch of
jjcrvictt into which ho seeks to enter.
Second. To provido for the examinations and po-
riods and conditions of probation of all persons
eligible under this act who may present themselves
fur admission into tho civil service.
Third. To establish rules governing the applica-
tions of such persons, the times and places of their
examinations, the subjects upon which such, examin-
ations shall be had, with other incidents thereof,
and the mode of conducting tho same, and the man-
ner of keeping and preserving the records thereof,
aud of perpetuating tho evidotico of such applica-
tions, qualifications, examinations, probations, and
their result, as they shall think expedient. Such
rules shall bo so framed as to keop the branches of
the civil service and tho different grades of each
branch, as also the records applicable to each branch,
distinct and separate. The said board shall divide
the country into territorial districts for the pur-
pose of holding examinations of applicants resident
therein and others, and shall designato some,con-
venient and accessible place in each district where
examinations shall be held.
Fourth. To examine personally, or by persons by
them specially designated, the applicants for appoint-
ment into the civil service of the United States.
Fifth. To make report of all rule& and regulations
established* by'them,'atf#;of a summary of-their pro-
ceedings. including an abstract of their examinations
for the different branches of the service, annually, tp
Congress at the opening of each session. , .
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted* That all appoint- -
meats to the civil servico provided for in this act
shall be made from those who havo passed the re-
quired examinations and probations in the following
order and manner: - ■ - ' "
First. The applicant who .stands highest m order -
of merit on the list of those who have passed the
examination and probation for any particular branch
and grade of tho civil service Shall have the prefer-
ence in appointment to that branph and grade, and
so on, in the order of precedence in examinations
and merit during probation to the minimum degree
of merit fixedby the board for such grade.
Second. Whenever any vacancy shall occur in any
grade of tho civil service above tho lowest, in any
branch, tho senior in the next lower grade may be
appointed to fill the same, or a new examination for
that particular vacancy may be ordered, under the
direction of the department, of those in the next
lower grade, andthepersonfoundbestqualifiodshall
be entitled to the appointment to fill sueh vacancy :
Provided, That no person now in office shall be pro-
moted or transferred from a lower to a higher grade
unless he shall have passedatleast one examination
under this aet.
Third. The right of seniority shall bo determined
by the rank of merit assigned by the boarduppn the
examinations, having regard also to seniority in ser-
vice; but it shall at all times be in the power of the
heads of Departments to order new examinations,
which shall be conducted by the board, upon due
notice; and according to fixed rules, and which shall
determineseniority with regard to the persons ordered
to bo examined, orin thopartieularbranchandgrado
of the servico to which such examinations shall
apply.
Fourth. Said board shall have power to establish
rules for such special examinations, and also rules
by which any person exhibiting particular merit in
any brunch of the civil service may be advanced ono
or moro points in their respective grades; and one
fourth of the promotions may bo made on account of
merit, irrespective of seniority of service, such merit
to be ascertained by spccial examinations,9r by ad-
vancement for meritorious services and special fitness
for the particular branch of servico, according to
rules to be established as aforesaid.
{Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted, That said board
shall also have power to proscribe a foe, not exceed-
ing live dollars, to bo paid by each applicant for
examination, and also a fee, not exceeding ten dol-
lars, to be paid by each person who shall rcceive a
certificate of recommendation for appointment or
for promotion, or of seniority, which fees shall be
first paid to tho collector of internal revenue in tho
district where tho Applicant or officcr resides or may
be examined, to be accounted for and paid into the
Troasary of tho United States by such collector; and
tho certificates of payment of fees to collectors shall
be forwarded quarterly by tho commissioners to the
Treasury Department,
Sku. G. And be it further enacted, That said board
shall have power to prescribe, by general rules, what
misconduct or inefficiency shall bo sufficient for
the removal or suspension of all officers who come
within the piovi>ious of this act, and also to estab-
lish rules for tho manner of preferring charges for
suoh misconduct or inefficiency, and for the trial of
tho accused, and for determining his position pend-
ing such trial.
Sue. 7. And be it further enacted* That any one of
said commissioners may conduct or superintend any
examinations, and the board may calltotheir assist-
ance in such examinations such men of learning and
high character as they may think fit, or, in their dis-
cretion, such officers in tho civil, military, or naval
service of the United States as may be designated
irom time to time, on application of the board, as
assistant to said boaid by the President or heads of
Departments, and in spccial cases, to be fixed by
rules or by resolutions of the board, they may dele-
gate examinations to such persons, to be attended
and presided over by one member of said board, or
by some person specially designated to preside.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the said
board may also, upon reasonable notice to the per-
son accused, hoar and determine any caso of alleged
misconduct or inefficiency, under the general rules
herein provided for, and in such case shall report to
the head of the proper Department their finding in
tho matter, and may recommend the suspension or
dismissal from oilico of any person found guilty of
such misconduct or inefficiency; and such person
shall bo forthwith suspended or dismissed by the
head of such Department pursuant to such recom-
mendation, and from the filing of such report shall
receive no compensation for official servico except
from and after the expiration of any term of sus-
pension recommended by such report.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted. That the salary
of each of said commissioners, and the additional
salary of the Vice President for performing the du-
ties required of him by this act, shall bo $5,000 a
year, and tho said board may appoint a clerk at a
salary of $2,500 a year, and a messenger at a salary
of $900 a year; and these sums and the necessary
traveling expenses of the commissioners, clerk, and
messongor,to be accounted for in detail and verified
by affidavit, shall be paid from any money in the
Treasury nototherwise appropriated. The necessary
expenses of any person employed by said commis-
sioners as assistants to be accounted for and verified
in like manner, and certified by the board, shall also
be paid in like manner.
Skc. 10. And be it farther enacted. That any officer
in the civil service of the United States, at the date
of the passage of this act, otherthan those excepted
in the mrst] second section of this act, may be re-
quired by the head of the Department in which h©
serves to appear before said board, and if found not
qualified for the place he occupies he shall be re-
ported for dismissal, and bedismissed in tho manner
hereinbefore provided, aud tho vacancy shall befillea
in manner aforesaid from those who may be found
qualified.for such grade of office after such examin-
ation.
SfiC. 11/ And be it further enacted. That all citizens
of tho United States shall be eligible to examination
arid appointment under the provisions of this act,
and the heads of the several Departments may, in
their discretion, designate the offices in the several
branches of the civil service the duties of which may
be performed by females as well as males, and for all
sueh offices females as well as males shall bo oligiblo,
and may make application thexefor and be examined,
recommended, appointed,.tried, suspended, and dis-
missed, in manner aforesaid; and the names of those
recommended by the examinersshall be placed upon
the lists for appointment and .promotion in tho order
of their merit and seniority, and without distinction,
other than as aforesaid, from those of male applicants
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent, and also the Senate, may require any person
applying for or recommended for any office which
requires confirmation by the Senate to appear before
said board and bo examined as to his^ qualifications,
cither before or after being commissioned; and the
result of such examination shall be reported to the
President and to the Senate. , _ _ _ ^
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That until the
confirmation by the Scnatoof tho commissioners au-
thorized to bo appointed by this act, the head of said
Department is hereby authorized to>ppoint persons
to perform tlio duties of commissioners tempoiarily,
with the same powers and at the same rate of com-
pensation as hereinbefore provided.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Chairman, I havo
been somewhat surprised that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] should have taken
the floor to-day in the Committee of the Whole
upon the Military Academy bill, tp discuss,
out of order, the provisions of a bill now on
the Speaker's table, soon to be reached in tho
regular order of business. I trust the commit-
tee will bear with me while I reply to a few
of the propositions upon which that gentleman
has based his attack upon that measure, and
to show that they have no foundation whatever
in the bill thus attacked. The key-note of the
gentleman's attack is that the bill creates offices
in this country with a life tenure, which is con-
trary to the spirit of the Constitution and to
the wishes of the people, and therefore it should
not receive the support of Congress. Now, if
members will look at.the bill itself they will
find .that it proposes to do ho" sueh thing.
The committee who have had charge of this
measure have carefully distinguished the ten-
ure of office created Fy it in the persons who
are within the scope of it from either a tenure
of office during good behavior or a tenure of
office during life. They have seen enou{?h of
the evils of those tenures in the few offices
to which they are applicable in this country,
and the many offices( to which they are ap-
plicable in other countries. They adopted,
therefore, an entirely distinct ground for this
tenure, diffei-ing from both the others, and con-
forming strictly to what has hitherto been
deemed entirely within the spirit of our popular
institutions. Instead of holding office during
good behavior or during life tenure, the in-
cumbent can only hold it during Ms efficiency
of service, an entirely different and distinct
thing. In other words, the bill demands of
every person entering the service of the Gov-
ernment in these subordinate capacities that
he shall render to the people an equivalent for
the money which he receives from the people
for his services, and that just as soon as from
any cause he is unable to render that equiva-
lent he shall be no longer entitled to his place
in the public service. What is there anti-
republican or anti-democratic in this? It is,
perhaps, a harsh tenure of office; but we alt
hold our places at the will of the people, and
just so long as they consider us fit to serve
them and no longer. Whenever they deem us
unlit or incompetent, that instant we are dis-
charged. At the present tim'a the tenure of
office in the Departments is at the caprice of
the superior; it may be for a day, it may be
for a year,, or it may be for life. These offices
really have no tenure, and consequently no
character and no respectability.
Ifthe gentleman Will look at the tenth sec-
