1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Senator before he takes his seat what became
of the enterprise that was commenced two or
three or four years ago ? I understood that it
was stopped by an act of Congress, or a reso-
lution of Congress, because it crossed one of
the streets.
Mr. FERRY. I was not here at that time.
I do not know.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There were foundations
laid for a new market-house in this city, and the
work had progressed to a considerable point
when it was interrupted by some public inter-
ference. I think it was by a resolution of Con-
gress. though I am not entirely certain about
it. That is my present impression.
Mr. FERRY. It was interrupted, and what-
ever had been attempted was stopped by some
interference or other. What produced the
interference I do not know. I only know this,
that when a public improvement of this char-
acter through the enterprise of individuals is
projected here it is sure to be opposed by other
interests in my judgment than simply the public
interest. I think that the public interest de-
mands a bill of this kind, and that you cannot
guard more carefully the rights of all parties
concerned than they are guarded iu the bill
which is now before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I would
let it remain for twenty years longer as unsightly
as the market-house now is rather than to
place the food of the city under the control
of a corporation that is to make mo'ney out
of it.
Mr. FERRY. But this bill does not do
that. If the Senator will look at the conclud-
ing clause of the second section he will see.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I beg the Senator's
pardon. There never was a corporation in the
world so tied up that it did not have a will in
the direction of making profits. It cannot be.
If you allow them to build a house, and to sell
the stalls out to those who will bid at public
auction for them, you place it under the control
of the men who are interested around the
market-house, the hucksters, against the inter-
ests of the farmers, who cannot be heard in a
contest of that sort.
Now, in reply to what the Senator said that
there can be 110 effort made in this city, I do
not, know exactly how the effort commenced
a few years ago, but I did observe the fact that
there was a foundation fora new market-house
laid, and I understood that it was to be a very
handsome editice suitable for this city, and my
recollection is that it was stopped, because
some persons came and complained to Con-
gress. Upon some sort of complaint Congress
interfered on-the ground that it crossed a street
that ran from Pennsylvania avenue across to
the canal—a street that was of 110 use, that
ought to have been used as it was proposed to
be used, as I suppose. Now, it appears that
there was an effort, and if it had not been
interfered with the market-house would have
been built. But whether any effort has been
made or not, I think it is bad policy to any
extent to place the market-bonse of a city
under the control of a corporation. It is not
the sort of thing that ought to be regulated by
a corporation. Railroads must be so con-
trolled ; canals must be so managed; but that
the place where men buy and sell food should
become the property of a corporation, inde-
pendent of the municipal authorities to a very
large extent—because it must of necessity to a
large extent be independent or else men will
not put their money into it—that the market
should be placed under the control of a cor-
poration with motives such as all corporations
necessarily have, I think is preposterous. The
Senator from Connecticut has not mentioned
any case in any other city where the markets
are under the control of corporations. Why
should it be so here? The Senator certainly
js aware of the complaint now that hucksters
•.control the markets 5 that they make the food
cheap as it is bought from the farmers and
dear as it is sold to the mechanics of the city ;
and that ought not to be done.
Mr. ll liSSENDEN. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to call his attention to one
clause in the amendments?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly. •
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is provided that—
The municipal government of said city shall at
all times have power to make and enforce such regu-
lations with regard to said market and the manage-
ment thereof as in their judgment the interests, con-
venience, health, and safety of the community may
require.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not question that;
but that does not control the other provision
in this bill, that these stalls shall be sold at
public auction, and the desirable one3 will be
purchased by the hucksters, and the market
will be monopolized by them, and I suppose
the farmers when they come in will gather
around the curb-stone and sell their produce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that not the case now?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not altogether, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was informed by the
mayor that these mennowhold their particular
places, and they very frequently sell out at
from three to five*thousand dollars advance.
They hold them as of right and sell out their
privileges in the market as it at present exists.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To say the least of it,
the market place of a city is safer when it is
under the control of the city governmeut that
has no money-interest in it and no interest
except the pretection of the people—certainly
safer than when under the control of a cor-
poration; and it was for that reason that I
made the motion to indefinitely postpone this
Mr. DAVIS. I have been friendly to this
bill, and from a belief that if the improve-
ment were made it would result greatly to the
convenience and comfort of the people and
beautify the city also. I was not struck with
the remarks of the Senator from Connecticut,
because I suppose that train of reflection in
relation to this subject that he expresses has
passed through the mind of every Senator. I
have been acquainted with the market-house
now for thirty years, and, with the exception
of a few stalls that have been built in front of
the market-house building, it presents about
the same aspect now that it did when I first
saw it. It is an ngly, deformed, revolting
looking subject in the midst of the city, and
ought to be removed. I recollect that the city
authorities laid the foundation of an extension
of the market-house a few years ago, and the
subject was brought into Congress, and Con-
gress passed a resolution requiring them to
desist from their further improvement and to
remove the foundation that they had put upon
it, as I understood upon the ground that they
had occupied some ground there that belonged
to the United States. The two Houses took it
into their heads to prohibit the eityauthorities
from making that improvement of putting the
market building on ground belonging to the
United States. I did not think that was very
judicious then, nor do I think it so now ; but
I believe that this subject will never be prop-
erly improved by the city government or by
the city revenues. I believe that if it is ever
to be improved it must be upon some such
project as is now before the Senate.
1 thinkthe bill is very well guarded. I should
have preferred that it bad been guarded as sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Nevada,
that this corporation should be required to make
a minimum expenditure of money upon the mar-
ket lot in its proper improvement; and I would
would be very much gratified, if the bill should
be passed, that such afeature should be attached
to it.
In addition to the control and authority over
all the market operations which the charter
gives which was read by the honorable Sen-
ator fiom Maine the Senate have adopted an
amendment which reserves to Congress an un-
limited poweroflegislationoverthesubject. If
the powers vested in this corporation should be
abused, if they should act in a manner incom-
patible with the convenience and interest of
the city, that abuse of power may at any time
be corrected by the interposition of Congress
in further legislation on the subject under an
expressly reserved power of unlimited 1
tion over the matter. If I had not known this
market-house so long, and had not seen it so
often, deforming the eity and producing a feel-
ing of revulsion in the mind of every visitor
who came to the city, and also of wonder why
this nuisance, as it were, was permitted to
remain there, and why it was not superseded
by a proper structure that would be something
in harmony with the city, I might feel the force
of the objections to the passage of the bill.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the Senator a,
question, for his recollection is better than
mine about it. That market-house was stopped
in the course of its erection for the reason that
it crossed Eighth street, and this corporation
proposes to cross the same street and occupy
the same ground for which that was stopped.
Is it not so?
Mr. FERRY. Not at all.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir. The honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut says "not at all." It
gives these people all the ground from Ninth
to Seventh streets.
Mr. FERRY. Eighth street does not run
across the market. Here is the map.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Nevada
may have assigned the reason why this work
was suspended in part; but if I recollect aright
the debate that took place in the Senate upon
the occasion, one of the grounds was that this
foundation was built upon ground that belonged
to the United States as a small square in the
city of Washington; but I care not .whether it
extends across Eighth street or not, the pro-
ject, in my own mind, is a very proper one.
if there are any exceptionable features in it,
and some that ought not to be tolerated, let
them be removed by amendments. I know
nothing of the plan of this improvement except
as it is disclosed and promised in the proposed
charter, and it is a plan as thus presented
which has a very large share of my approba-
tion. I think, sir, that it would be a very
proper and a very handsome improvement;
and the privileges and easements which it pro-
poses that the city government and city au-
thorities shall have in the edifice itself when
it is completed are certainly' of a very great
extent, and would be very convenient and
valuable to the city authorities.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hold in my own hand
a bill reported from Committee on the District
of Columbia this month a year ago, which
provided for the removal of the market-house
from the grounds that it now occupies, with a
view, as 1 understand from one of the gentle-
men of that committee, of having that open
ground between Pennsylvania avenue and the
Smithsonian grounds, and perhaps of connect-
ing that ground with the Smithsonian grounds,
and have them come up to Pennsylvania ave-
nue. This bill also provided for the construc-
tion of a market-house on another piece of
ground, and to enable this city to contract a
debt not exceeding $200,000 for the purpose of
constructing the building. I believe that bill
passed the Senate. My recollection is that it
passed almost unanimously ; that upon discus-
sion it was the pleasure of the Senate that this
market-house where it now stands should be
removed and that the market-place should be
further up toward Twelfth street, on some
ground that I am not familiar with, but which
was supposed to be suitable by the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and the ground is
described in the bill where it was to be. Twice
the Senate has dissented from the continuance
of the market-place at the point where it is. I
do not choose to discuss that; but for the pur-
pose of accommodating this corporation it is
proposed to make it permanent upon that
ground.
■/Mr. DAVIS. I have, myself, no predilec-
tion or distinct desire as to the mode in which
the old market-house shall be removed, and
the ground which it occupies shall be better
improved. If it is the pleasure of the Senate
