1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
40xh Coxg....3d Ses3.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
rooms, $106,325 95. The aggregate amounts
lo $1,789,177 76, being but $159,641 26 in
excess of the sum expended for such purposes
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
notwithstanding the largely-increased business
transacted by the Federal courts. At the latter
date the balance on hand amounted to $332,-
866 03. Congress appropriated $1,300,000.
There were received on account of fines, penal-
ties, and forfeitures, $203,685 43, and from
repayments by marshals and others, $10,819 29.
The total amount at the disposal of the De-
partment for this branch of the service was
$1,847,370 75, so that the balance at the
commencement of the current year was but
$58,192 99. Assuming that during its progress
the fines, penalties, and forfeitures would reach
the same amount as during the preceding year,
and satisfied that the expenses of the courts
could not be materially diminished, I estimated
that $1,500,000 would be required. Congress,
however, appropriated but $1,000,000. A de-
ficit of ยง489,015 23 will oceur unless the fines,
&c., should be increased. I recommend that
$500,000 be appropriated in the deficiency bill,
and that $1,600,000 be appropriated for the
next fiscal year.
It is proper to add that the large balance on
the 30th of June, 1867, as compared with that
at the close of the following fiscal year, was
occasioned bythegreatdisparity in the amounts
realized during therespectiveyears from fines,
penalties, and forfeitures. It was $439,835 76
more during the former than the latter year.
On the 1st instaut there were in the custody
of the warden of the District jail 141 prisoners.
Of this number 33 were females and 113 per-
sons of color. During the year preceding that
date 1,022 persons were committed; 233 were
convicted of various misdemeanors, and 69
sentenced to imprisonment at hard laborin the
penitentiary at Albany. The expenses, includ-
ing the cost of the transportation of prisoners,
were $34,388 37.
In view of the insecure and crowded con-
dition of the jail, and its unfitness in every
respect as a proper place of confinement,
Congress authorized the construction of a
building of adequate dimensions. My prede-
cessor selected a site therefor on grounds be-
longing to the Government in this city. The
required steps were being taken with all prac-
ticable dispatch to "let the contracts." Con-
gress, However, interposed, and directed the
selection of a new site. This was done. Per-
fected plans were then prepared, and after due
advertisement and a careful comparison of the
bids, contracts were awarded and bonds exe-
cuted in strict compliance with the statute.
The contractors soon after commenced work,
and it was actively progressing when, under a
mistaken impression of fact, Congress, on the
11th day of January last, directed it to be sus-
pended for forty days. At the expiration of
that period the expediency of further legisla-
tion m the premises continued to attract atten-
tion, and was receiving the consideration of
Congress. A bill subsequently passed one
House, and is now pending in the other. At
the requestof the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds the work has not been
resumed. This protracted and unnecessary
delay has arisen from causes beyond the con-
trol of the Department, and occasioned serious
injury to innocent parties and the public. As
the projected new building is absolutely neces-
sary, I hope that Congress will take prompt
and decisive action in regard to it.
Some years ago the penitentiary in this city
was appropriated by the military authorities.
It was never restored to its original uses,_ and
has been since destroyed. Adults, convicted
of felony and sentenced by the supreme court
of this District to imprisonment at hard labor,
are sent to an institution in the State of New
York. Considerable expense is incurred in
transporting and subsisting them. Persons
convicted of crime against the United States
may be imprisoned in a State prison or house
of correction of an adjoining State or district,
if, within the jurisdiction of the court pro-
nouncing the sentence, there to no suitable
place of confinement. Convicts from some of
the southern States were formerly confined,
during the term of their sentence, in the peni-
tentiary here, but are now eonveyed to more
distant points at increased expense. A peni-
tentiary, properly constructed and judiciously
managed, could be rendered self-sustaining by
the labor.of the convicts. The Government is
the proprietor of lands in this vicinity which
afford excellent sites for such a building. The
neighboring quarries furnish stone of a supe-
rior quality. Considerations of economy sug-
gest to Congress the expediency of adopting,
at their approaching session, measures for the
erection of a District peuitentiary.
I am not officially advised of the condition
of the House of Correction for this District,
as the trustees have submitted no report.
No addition has been made to the Metropol-
itan police force. Its members have been
active and vigilant in the maintenance of good
order and the protection of the rights of per-
sons and property within the District. During
the past year they made 18,834 arrests, 3,549
of which were females; 11,165 of those arrested
were unmarried, and 7,387 could neither read
nor write; 6,409 were dismissed, 64 turned
over to the military, and 880 committed to jail;
341 gave bail for their appearance at court,
2,056 were sent to the workhouse, and 675
required to enter into bonds to keep the peace.
In 327 cases minor punishments were inflicted.
Fines in 8,082 cases were assessed, amounting
to $35,274 40; 4,038 destitute persons were
furnished with temporary lodgings ; 165 lost
children were restored to their homes, and 167
sick and disabled persons were assisted and
taken to the hospital. Of the number arrested
12,752 were charged with offenses committed
upon the person, and 6,032 with offenses against
property. The detective force made 458 ar-
rests, recovered lost or stolen property to the
amount of $25,727 35, and discharged other
important duties. The labors of the sanitary
company, although insufficient for the purpose,
were chiefly directed to the abatement of nui-
sances and the enforcement of the police regu-
lations for promoting the cleanliness of the
city. More efficient measures should be devised
to secure objects so essential to the health and
comfort of the population.
During the month of November, 1867, a
complete census of the inhabitants of the Dis-
trict was taken by this force for the use of the
Department of Education.
In my previous reports I invited attention
to the expediency of creating a court for the
summary trial of offenses of a minor grade.
A justice of the peace of this_ District, in the
exercise of criminal jurisdiction, chiefly acts
as an examining magistrate. Most of such
offenses are cognizable in the supreme court,
where the accilsed is rarely put upon his trial
until the term after an indictment against him
has been found. If unable to give bail he
remains in custody. When & prima facie case
against him has been made out at the prelim-
inary examination the witnesses are recognized
to appear before the grand Jury, and subse-
quently before the court after indictment found.
Their tees for such attendance are taxed against
the United States. Many of them are transient
persons without a fixed residence. It often
occurs that when the cause is called for trial
it is discontinued by reason of their absence
beyond the reach of process. The accused
thus escapes deserved punisLmerit. During
the last fiscal year the expense of the criminal
court in this District amounted to $26,612 12.
It was defrayed exclusively by the Govern-
ment. A tribunal such as I have suggested
has been organized in almost every other pop-
ulous city, and with evident benefit to the
public. By its instrumentality the ends of
criminal justice would be effectually and
cheaply served, and the right of the accused
to a speedy trial attained. The supreme court
of the District, relieved of a large and increas-
ing number of prosecutions, could with greater
dispatch dispose of the civil cases on its
calendar.
During the year ending June 30, 1868, the
expenditures of the Government Hospital for
the Insane were $114,035 81, and there were
admitted 152 patients, being an excess of 4S
over the number admitted the preceding year.
One hundred and nineteen of them were males,
69 of whom were from the Army and Navy.
The whole number under treatment was 432.
Seventy-six were discharged; of these 63 were
restored and eight improved. There remained
under treatment at that date 329. There have
been 1,464 persons treated in the institution
since it was opened, of whom 1,145 were natives
of this country. The board recommend that
there be appropriated $90,500 for the support
of the institution during the year ending Jane
30, 1870; $10,000 for the completion of the
wall inclosing the grounds, and $23,000 for
the purchase of 148 acres of ground. The
excellent management of this institution emi-
nently entitles it to the continued confidence
and patronage of Congress. The estimates are
reasonable, and I cordially commend them to
the most favorable consideration.
During the last fiscal year 22 pupils were
admitted into the Columbia Institution for the
Deaf and Dumb, and the directors request the
following appropriations: to supply a deficit
for the current fiscal year, $17,500; i'orsupport
of the institution for the year ending June 30,
1870, $31,000; for buildings, $66,000 ; and for
improving grounds, $4,000; making in all
$118,500.
In my last report I earnestly commended to
the fostering care of Congress the Columbia
Hospital for Women and Lying-in Asylum.
The act of the 27th of July last appropriated
$15,000 for the support of the institution dur-
ing the current year, and required that all
expenditures should be made under the direc-
tion of the Surgeon General of the Army.
During the year ending the 30th of June
last the total number of women under treat,
ment was 631; 33 of them were pay patients,
from whom the sum of $1,330 44 was received;
549 were restored to health ; 10 wererelieved,
and 12 died. The small amount of receipts is
ascribed to the want of requisite accommoda-
tions. Most of the available space was occu-
pied by free patients, to the exclusion of many
who desired to secure private apartments. The
increased number of inmates rendered neces-
sary a considerable outlay for furniture and
bedding. The funds derived during the last
fiscal year, from all sources, were insufficient
to cover the actual expenditures, and at the
close thereof the institution was $7,000 in
debt. The directors request that a clause
appropriating that sum be inserted in the
deficiency bill.
The estimates for rent and the support of
the institution during the next year are $18,000.
I do not doubt that Congress will cheerfully
accord that amount. I also submit an estimate
for the purchase of ground and the erection
of permanent buildings for the use of the insti-
tution. The title to the property, when ac-
quired, should be vested in the United States.
The laws providing for the receipt, custody,
and distribution by this Department, of the
Statutes of the United States, and other offi-
cial publications, have, as far as practicable,
been carried into effect. I invite attention to
the propriety of revising the statutes which
relate to the printing and distribution of docu-
ments published by the authority of Congress.
One of my predecessors, on the eve of his
retirement from office, urged the propriety of
an appropriation for erecting and furnishing
suitable residences for the Vice President of
the United States and the heads of the Execu-
tive Departments. After alluding to the value
of money when the Government went into
operation, and the salaries of those officers
