1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
that the Smithsonian grounds should be ex-
tended across the canal up to and to include
the site of the market-house I think it would
te a very handsome and appropriate improve-
ment ; but I want to get that old market-house
away from there ; and if it cannot be got away
from there upon any other terms than incorpor-
ating a private company to remove it( and to
build such a magnificent structure as seems to
be foreshadowed in the bill under consider-
ation let that be done.
If Congress is not willing that the improve-
ment should be done in that form let the two
Houses take the subject in hand themselves;
let them pass a law to tear down this old mar-
ket-house and to embrace the ground upon
which it is erected in the Smithsonian grounds,
if you please; but let it be removed, and let
this city have a convenient and commodious
and sufficiently extensive market-house to
satisfy the requirements of the men who bring
market stuff to this city, and of the people
who go there to purchase it. All I desire is
that the subject shall be taken hold of by Con-
gress, and that such laws for the improvement
•of the market-house grounds shall be made as
•will be suitable and prop'er for the Capital of
the nation and for the rising beauty and pros-
perity of this city.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I have a
■remark or two to make about this bill. It is
very evident that no such bill would be intro-
duced here to establish a corporation for this
purpose to expend the large amount of money
that will be involved in these improvements
unless the parties concerned in it saw a very
large profit in the transaction. I do not see
why that profit should inure to the benefit of
individuals when, if the corporation of the city
of Washington has proper authority given to
it, it can build the market-house, and the profit
of it can go to the benefit of the whole com-
munity of the city of Washington instead of a
^company of individuals.
I am informed by the mayor of the city that
the city corporation can build this improve-
ment, and all that they want is the proper
•authority from,Congress to do so, and to issue
bonds to obtain the money to put up the build-
ing. I am satisfied that if it were done in this
way the city of Washington would realize from
•the improvement an amount very much greater
than the interest each year, and that in the
course of a few years, probably in a less time
than thai specified in this charter, there would
be a sinking fund which would pay off the
entire debt contracted for the construction of
•the market-house, and then it would be for
public benefit forever. 1 do not see any good
reason why such a great franchise as this
should be given to a few individuals without
any benefit whatever to the community in the
midst of which it stands except the incidental
benetit ofproviding a market-house which can
just as well be provided by the city authorities
if Congress will give them the necessary author-
ity for doing it. I therefore favor the motion
of the Senator from Indiana for the indefinite
postponement of this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, in an-
swer to the Senator from Missouri, I wish to
say that the city has not applied for it and does
not propose to apply for it. It is the mayor's
individual opinion that if the city would under-
take it they could do it and make it profitable.
That opinion, so far as I learn, is confined to
lumself. The city neither moves on the sub-
ject nor proposes to move. Now, to refuse to
-do anything because the city might do it if it
chose to do it, bnt has not the slightest inten-
tion of doing it, strikes me as unwise, if you
want the property improved. I have no doubt
that the gentlemen who apply for this charter
hope to make money out of it. They would
not undertake it if they did not. Of course
I expect they will. I hope if the charter is
granted that they will make money out of it,
because when men undertake a great enterprise
of this sort they ought to do it, and I have no
objection to their doing it; but it is not for tho
•city to object so long as the city does not pro-
pose to undertakeany such thing or ask for any
aut.hority whatever in relation to the matter.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Indiana. The Sen-
ator from Iudiana is evidently mistaken in
supposing this is the first instance of confer-
ring this kind of right on a corporation. In
the city of Philadelphia, which is in advance
of almost all the eastern cities in these muni-
cipal improvements, they have large, spacious,
and costly edifices of this kind, all erected by
corporations^ and I am satisfied, in this in-
stance, unless you confer this power on a cor-
poration in the city of Washington you will
have that unsightly nuisance, the Centre mar-
ket, for years and years as it is.
Mr. DRAKE. In regard to the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Maine, I think it
will be worth while to consider how far the
eity authorities of the city of Washington have
been disturbed from making any attempt to
get the requisite authority from Congress in
connection with this enterprise by the formi-
dable combination exhibited in this bill with a
view to confiding the enterprise to individuals.
My own impression is that it is quite likely that
that has operated very much to prevent the
municipal authorities of Washington from tak-
ing that step.
Mr. President, the more I think of this mat-
ter the more I am satisfied that some wrong is
to be done to the community here. My im-
pression is that the projectors of this enter-
prise expect nothing but that in less than ten
years the improvement will .pay for itself and
during the remainder of the twenty-five years
for which they have the privilege granted them
by this bill all will be clear profit, and in the
twenty-five years probably one hundred and
fifty or two hundred per cent, will be paid into
their pockets over and above the cost of the
building.
But, Mr. President, suppose that the city
authorities of Washington should not move in
this matter, as suggested by the Senator from
Maine. Then, sir, there is another thing that
can be done which is far better than this, and
that is to abolish the market at that point en-
tirely, to abolish all centralized markets in the
city, and let every man who wants to set up the
business of providing meat and vegetable, for
families go into that business just as every
other man goes into every other description
of business, set it up just where he pleases,
hire his own house, get his own stock, choose
his locality, and drum up his own customers,
instead of having all the community going to
one point in the city.
I am opposed to the whole policy of cen-
tralized markets in cities. I believe they are
the means by which the people of the city, and
especially the poor of the city, are continually
fleeced—obliged to pay much more for their
food than there is any necessity for their pay-
ing. The system of meat-shops combined
with green grocery stores is now prevalent in
all the large cities of tho Union except, 1 am
sorry to say, that from which I come. There
the combination of butchers and hucksters has
succeeded hitherto in preventing the allowance
of these meat-shops and green groepry stores.
Now, sir, I do not wish to make my .self access- '
ory here to the continuance of this market .
system in the eity of Washington; and if the j
old market which stands there now is an eye- .
sore to the community and to everybody that
comes here then abolish it and make a better
use of the ground, and let those that wish to ;
go into the business of providing food for the ,
people do so in the places that they may select '
themselves, and not compel them to stand in
one place and the whole community to go to
that place to get their daily food.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The Senator from Indiana moves
that this bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. As the Senate has become
■thin again, I would be glad that we should' pass
over this bill and take up a little bill that was
read early in the evening. .
Mr. FERRY. I trust th'e vote will be taken
on this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not in order.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Pattbr&gn] has left tke Sen-
ate. If he were here he would vote against
the postponement, and I should vote for it. I
have paired off with him.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conklinsr, Brake, Har-
lan, Harris, Hendricks, Morgan, Nye. Stewart.
Thayer, Tipton, Williams, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Ferry, J?es-
senden, McDonald, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Rice, Robertson. Boss, Sawyer, Spencer, Vick-
ers. Wade, Warner, and Yates—-19,
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Connosa, Corbctt,
Doolittle, Edmunds,Fowler, I'relinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pool,Saul-bury, Sherman, Spraguo, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Welch, Whyte, and Wiltey—34.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not
a quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxiuy, February 15, 18G9.
The House met at twelve o'clock rn. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntqx.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for bills and joint resolutions to be
referred to their appropriate committees, not
to be brought back into the House by motions
to reconsider. During this call memorials and
resolutions of State and territorial Legislatures
are in order.
JOHN C. BEAUMONT.
Mr. WOODWARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1975) to provide for the restoration of Com-
mander John C. Beaumont, of the United States
Navy, to the active list of the Navy ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 453) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
NEW ORLEANS AND SEL2IA KAILllOAD.
Mr. CALLIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
19"ti) granting a loan of $5,000,000 of the five
per cent, bonus of the United States to the
New Orleans and Selma Railroad and Immi-
grant Association; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered'to be printed.
JONAS M. WITHERS.
Mr. CALLIS also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1977) to relieve Jonas M. ^Withers, a citi-
zen of Alabama, from all political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of the Constitution of the United State0.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BLACKBURN introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1978) to relieve all American citizens
from the legal and political disabilities imposed
by the amendment to the Constitution known
as the fourteenth article; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. BLACKBURN moved that it be_ re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
