1869:
the :&LO!S;
tipn of this bill, lie will find that 'these com-
missioners hare power to prescribe'by general
rules what '' misconduct or inefficiency shall
be sufficient to authorize the removal or sus-
pension of all officers" coming within the pro-
visions of this act. When those rules are
established what becomes of the accusation of
a life tenure? It never had any existence,
Mr. Chairman, except in the brain of the
member who just spoken. All will agree (even
the gentleman who takes care to lay down the
proposition that such is the foundation of this
bill) that'the people should be well served in
these minor offices; that the Government, as
the agent of the people, is bound to procure
the best services they can for the money they
pay. All will agree that some machinery
should be devised by which the services of
properly qualified persons can be obtained.
No one wishes this country or this people ill
served. No one wishes the money of the peo-
ple to be squandered upon incompetent or
inefficient officers, or upon favorites of this or
that President or head of Department. All
ask that proper service shall be rendered, and
that proper persons should be selected to render
such- service while they continue to have the
ability to do so. Hence the gentleman agrees,
as all must agree, (and this accounts for his
allusion to Ihe unanimity of the press and the
people on this subject,) that any measure cal-
culated to improve the character of the service
and bring into it those best fitted to perform its
duties, is a measure that should command the
respect of the people and be adopted by their
Kepresentatives. The gentleman agrees that in
a certain degree this does that; but his objec-
tion is founded upon the mode of getting rid
of these servants. I have shown that there is
not the least foundation for the charge which
he makes. There is to be found in the bill
no such thing as tliis'scarecrow of tenure of
office during good behavior or for life, which
the gentleman, has referred to so often.
There is another point upon which the latter
part of the gentleman's argument rested, and
that, is, that the bill elevates the Vice Presi-
dent of this Government to be the equal, if
not the superior, of the President in the dis-
pensing of patronage and the appointment to
office. Perhaps, after what has been said, the
House will be surprised to hear that under this
bill the Vice President of the United States
has no patronage or appointing power what-
ever. These commissioners are stripped of all
appointing power. The Vice President has,
to be sure, the appointment of his clerk and
messenger, as the head of a department. He
has not the appointment of any other officer
within the scope of the provisions of this bill
nor under this GQvernment. What has been
said on this topic, if it was intended to have
any effect, was aimed at the future incumbent
of the Vice Presidential office rather than at
the bill itself. The functions of this commis-
sion are, in the first place, to prescribe the
qualifications for office, not as the candidates
come forward to meet individual cases; but
by general rules for classes of offices and
the different grades throughout the country, in
the customs, in the Departments, in the inter-
nal revenue, and elsewhere. These regula-
tions are required to be reported to Congress,
and Congress may establish or affirm or amend
or alter them by law; but without action by
Congress they are binding. After the estab-
lishment of these regulations all that the com-
mission has to do is to see that every person
applying for official position possesses the pre-
scribed qualifications. Now, it should be pre-
sumed,.! submit, that a commission having at
its head the second officer of the Government
(and who that officer is to be we know) will
discharge its duty faithfully, and will ascertain
in all cases fairly and impartially the fitness
of these candidates.
Mr. Chairman, this passing upon the qualifi-
cations of candidates for situations under the
Government is not controlled by political favor
and does not result in political patronage. No,
sir; it is a judicial act, so made and recorded in
each case, and according to tbat-judgmerit the
name of the candidate will go upon the list .of
those from whom Selections are to be mad^for
clerkships and other situations, or be omitted
from it. And'this record is to be kept so that
the feirness of the decision may be iuqui.red
into and criticised at any and all times. Per-
haps if the Vice President had the power abso-
lutely to appoint these commissioners there
would be some suspicion and some show of
ground for the ' charge that the gentleman has
mad.e. But, sir, on th£ contrary, the man to
whom he is said to be a rival has the appoint-
ment of .these commissioners with the £on-
firmation'of the Senate.' They areindependerit
of the Vice President, and will act independ-
ently in the discharge of thfeir duties it is to be
presumed, as other persons appointed in the
same way, such as the judges of our courts and
other high officers of the Government.
Here are two main propositions upon which
the gentleman has based his speech which have
no foundation in the bill itself, and his other
objections, it seems to me, are equally imagin-
ary. If he had studied the bill and report
carefully (and I am bound to believe him as an
honorable gentleman when he says that he has
read it) I am confident he would have seen the
error of his propositions.
Let us now consider the next proposition
which he dwelt upon. He says that this meas-
ure would be impracticable in operation. Sup-
pose this commission appointed, the Vice Pres-
ident at its head, and one hundred and fifty or
two hundred clerks are needed in the Depart-
ments at Washington. Suppose the rules estab-
lished and the qualifications prescribed. Let us
see what sort of an "aristocracy" this measure
creates. The information that the Govern-
ment of the United States needs clerics is trans-
mitted to the country. Those who wish to
enter into the public service and believe they
possess the requisite qualifications are invited
to appear before this commission at a certain
time and place. Who come there? Those
nominated by members of Congress, those
nominated by local politicians or State com-
mittees, or those of any class or parly ? By no
means. The door of the great civil service
examination hall of this country is to be
thrown open to every citizen. Every man who
believes that he can serve his country in a
place that may be vacant has the right to com-
pete with every other man for that place. Aud,
sir, it is the duty of these commissioners to see
that the Government gets out of these appli-
cants the best man for the place. The com-
petent are selected, the incompetent and un-
worthy are rejected. Is this impracticable?
It strikes me that it is a most eminently prac-
tical measure. If men of ordinary intelligence
and integrity are placed upon this commis-
sion, with the Vice President at their head,
we must presume that they will see that jus-
tice is done to the public service and to every
one seeking to enter the public service. Where
is the opportunity for favor, where for patron-
age, where for any and all the sources of cor-
ruption that the gentleman admits have stained
the whole current of our civil sendee? We
stop corruption at the fountain, where hith-
erto the purity of the stream has been stained.
The gentleman hints at what has been re-
peatedly said by others in opposition to this
measure, why cannot the President and the
heads of Departments do this under the exist-
ing law? Because, Mr. Chairman, this coun-
try has grown beyond the limits of personal
knowledge on the part of its chief officers of
the qualification of its citizens for holding
office. The President cannot now, as in Jeffer-
son's time, become acquainted with the whole
body of civil officers, then seven hundred men
to whom Jefferson granted commissions. The
President to-day grants or authorizes the
granting of commissions to upward of sixty
thousand persons. If he undertook to do it
himself it would absorb his whole time, and
the task is beyond the ability of any one man.
But, Mr. Chairman, this bill provides the means
of relieving the Presidentand heads of Depart-
ments from this arduous duty, which under
existing law falls upoa th'efti, consuming tbmJ
tim«, exhausting their strength, and impairing
their efficiency for the transaction of the graver
business of their offices." : We' relieve them of
that duty altogether, and provide at the same
time suitable means for the selection of com-
petent men for appftintment to places under
the Government.' Nor will any harm or o©n->
fusion arise from thk addition to" the govern-
mental machinery. This Government hasgrawn
to such an immense size that sdi4iethi-ng 6f this
sort has become absolutely necessary to relieve
the President and heads of Departments. This
measure is nota partofthe political machinery
merely, but it is judicial or semi-judicial in its
application to the ascertainment of the qualifi-
cations or fitness of persons for office. ■ •
If we look at the propositions which I have
stated in detail every one v/ill admit =that it
is of the first importance tbat«ftOt only the
President but each head 'of ft •' "Department
having the appointing power of-these' inferior
officers should be able to select the best mes
that can possibly be found for hia service.-
But how can the Secretary of the Treasury'
make such selection at the present time with-
the nominal appointment of two thirds 6f the
officers of the Government, exclusive of the
Post Office Department? He would be over-
borne by applications exactly as the President
is and has been. Appointments then become,
as we have found them in most eases, a matter
of personal and political favor, and the interest
of the Government in the fitness of persons for
service, has been in a great measure over-
looked. Therefore, when we strip this measure
of all fanciful exaggeration given to it by the
gentleman from Illinois, we find it one of the
most simple and practical that could possibly
be proposed. There is no difficulty in its con-
stitution, none in its operation, and if these
commissioners are honest and intelligent there
can be none in its results.
Mr. SHELLABAJtGER. 1 desire to make
an inquiry of my friend, if it will not interrupt
the line of his argument.
Mr. JENCKES. I will hear the question
now.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. This bill is one
that has attracted a great deal of the attention
of the country, as its importance demands that
it should, and I desire now to have the benefit
of the views of the distinguished gentleman
who reported it in regard to what 1 find con-
tained in the first section. It is there provided
that from and after the passage of this act there
shall be created a new executive department
of the Government, to be called the department
of the civil service, at the head of which shall
bo the Vice President of the United States, or
in case of vacancy in that office, the President
of the Senate for the time being. Now, the
first inquiry 1 wish to make is, whether my friend
holds that it is competent tor us to provide by
law that a member of the Senate of the United
States—for the President pro tempore of that
body is, as matter of fact, a member of it—shall
become the head of a Department? And in
answer to that question I invite his attention
to what, of course, is exceedingly familiar to
him and to everybody else here, that the prin-
cipal officers of the Departments are constitu-
tional officers named by the Constitution, and
upon whom the President may call for inform-
ation in writing as the head of a Department.
Another provision of the Constitution is, that
no person holding any office under the United
States shall be a member of either House dur-
ing his continuance in office, the provision, of
course, amounting to that, it being that no per-
son who is a member of either House of Ooft-
gress shall be appointed to any other office.
My next inquiry is whether it is in harmony
with the spirit, if it be indeed with the letter,
of the Constitution to provide that the Vice
President, who, under the Constitution, in the
contingencies enumerated, may become Presi-
dent, shall be by law constituted a head of' a
Department, which Department in the next
week or next day he may be called upon or
