THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J anuary 8,
required, by the Constitution to ask information
from? Again, I would inquire whether the
gentleman thinks it wise to provide that the
man who by the Constitution of the United
States is required all the time that Congress is
in session to be President of the Senate shall,
during the same time, also ,be at the head of
one of the executive dppiirtEQjeifts of the Gov-
ernment,. a conBtitntiona^'office of the very
highest importance; an officer in whom, as the
gentleman just said, Congress by the Con-
stitution mi*y,Kest the appointing power of all
the inferior officers cjf the Government? It is
to this particular feature of the bill that I call
the attention,the gentleman. I am in favor
of the bill as,:J am now advised, with this
exceptional ijrqvision to which I have alluded.
Mr. JENGKES. With regard to the first
(juestion th^e may be some difference of opin-
ion, whethejthe President of the Senate, in the
case of a vaoancy in the office of Vice Presi-
dent is in- -the sense of the Constitution, or
within the meaning of the Constitution a mem-
ber of the Senate and excluded from holding
any other office or the performance of any
other duties. That, however, is a provision of
the bill which is of no great importance. In
regard to the other question, it seems to me
entirely clear that it is proper for Congress to
clothe the Vice President with other powers
and require of him the performance of other
duties than those referred to by the gentleman
from Ohio, and not only that, but that it is
eminently fit that it should be done. He is now
of no importance to the Government except to
preside over the Senate. I do not understand
that he is required to be in the Senate all the
time. _ They may appointa President£>j*o tern-
pore in his absence, and they may continue
that officer as long as they please during the
absence of the incumbent of the office of Vice
President. But in regard to the other sub-
division of the question, it seems to me of the
utmost importance that the Vice President
should be m the service, should know some-
thing of the Administration, be put in the line
of succession, and bo able to perform intelli-
gently the duties of the office to which he may
succeed, and there is no place in the Government
where he can serve with greater efficiency than
at the head of the department of the civil ser-
vice, which will bring him in contact with all
the civil officers of the Government.
I have answered these questions before, and
without taking up farther time of the House 1
refer him to what has been said heretofore in
previous debates on the same questions. I
expected, knowing tho gentlemau's fairness in
the consideration of these subjects,and his emi-
nent, patriotism, that he would be in favorofthe
general provisions of a measure like this, and
that it would meet the approbation of all who
fairly consider it and understand its sphere in
the Government and its effect upon the future
administration of it.
There is another aspect not put by the gen-
tleman from Illinois directly, but which it may
be well to consider with regard to this tenure
of office, and that is to contrast it with the
present tenure of office. Now appointments
are made altogether by favor. Merit is a sec-
ondary consideration. Patronage is at the
root of all that is done with regard to appoint-
ments, and we have the consequences of it in
our system. If the gentleman thinks that the
present practice is one of the merits of our
x-epublican Government I disagree with, him
entirely. 1 take issue with him and all others
who maintain that proposition squarely. I say
that tho present mode of appointment is one
which we have derived from monarchies and
foreign nations, and is not an invention of the
Republic or the outgrowth of republican insti-
tutions. And when the gentleman points to
the nistory of these reforms in other countries
he most strangely overlooks its origin in two
great nations. In France this system does not
date from the old monarchy. It was one of
the gifts of the first republic. The decree
establishing competitive examinations and the
ascertainment of the fitness of persons for office
was a decree of the Constituent Assembly, and
not a decree of the king. ■ And in England,
instead of its being carried by those who have
had the patronage and appointments hitherto,
instead of being an outgrowth of the aristoc-
racy of that country, it was established by an
order of the queen in council, without con-
sulting the House of Lords or the House of
Commons, or any other branch of the Govern-
ment except the executive branch.
The origin of the system in England dates
back only to 1853, and the two persons who
get the chief credit of it and to whom it is
cheerfully conceded by all who have consid-
ered the matter, are Lord Maeaulay, then
recently returned from. India, and the present
chancelor of the exchequer, Mr. Robert Lowe.
They studied the subject of the civil service
in India, and first established rules and regu-
lations by which officers should be sent to
that great country, and they based their sys-
tem upon the principle of open and general
competition. When it was introduced into the
home service it was limited, and those exam-
ined were only those nominated for examina-
tion by members of Parliament or by the heads
of departments at the suggestion of members
of Parliament. So that in the home service
of England they do not have this system as it
is reported here. We have reported what the
civil service commissioners of England have
been asking Parliament to grant them for the
last ten years. They ask that open competi-
tion shall be allowed in the home service, as it
is in the India service, to all the queen's sub-
jects, and we propose that the doors of our
public service shall be open to every citizen
o£ the United States. Therefore this proposed
measure of which the gentleman complains,
and to which he attempts to affix the stigma of
'' aristocratic growth," is eminently republican
and democratic. It is the same that was
secured to the people of one country while their
Government was republican, and in another
country by the wise officers of a board having
charge of a service where efficiency and integ-
rity had become of the utmost importance to
that long-plundered and misgoverned people,
the people of India.
Nor can I conceive, Mr. Chairman, why any
person should seek to pirolong the present sys-
tem. The results of it are admitted by all.
The Government does not under it get compe-
tent servants. They are nominated by persons
who exercise the power of nomination as inci-
dent to their offices, or because of their polit-
ical distinction, and in the way of patronage,
and with very little regard to the wants of the
service. We consider it in private life the
greatest disservice one man can render another
to recommend to his employment a dishonest
or incapable servant. Now, who would wish to
continue a system by which there is imposed
upon our people incompetent or dishonest
officers in every branch of tho service? Is it
our patriotism that inspires us to this ? It seems
to me that patriotism should inspire us to do
exactly the reverse, and to seek to establish
some measure that would prevent this corrup-
tion and destroy this evil.
Nor do I see why in this Government the
doctrine that £ 4 to the victors belong the spoils"
should any longer be continued. That has
been the popular name given to this change
of office, this rotation in office in the minor
offices, ever since the practice was established.
Let us look at the changed condition of the
country between 1829 and 1869. In 1829 the
expenses of the Government were paid out of
the receipts of customs. Not only that, but
all the interest upon the public debt was so
paid, and the national debt itself was in pro-
cess of payment and cancellation, and was
actually canceled within a few years after that
time out of these receipts. It made little dif-
ference to the people then who had the salaries
of offices, or who had the appointments to
office, when they had no burdens to bear, when
the question of a greater or less expense in the
administration of the Government meant only
a little additional duty on silks, champagnes,
and the other luxuries on which those duties
were levied. Then the people cared very little
for these spoils, because the plunder did not
come from them, but from the rich consumers
of those imported luxuries.
At the present time, however, the Govern-
ment is burdened with a large debt, and the
receipts from customs barely pay the interest
on the debt. There are no means of paying
the debt, or canceling any portion of it, except
by direct and long continued taxation ; and no
one can say when the end of that taxation will
be. The spoils scattered among these office-
holders ; the streams of money which should
flow into the Treasury, but which because of
the unfaithfulness of some of these officers are
diverted into their pockets and the pockets of
their confederates, all this treasure is wrung
from the toil of the people. The spoils of office
are now the spoil of the toil of the laborer and
workingman, the spoil of the means of every
man of property and tax-payer in the country.
How long do gentlemen think the people
will allow this system to continue, when we
have had laid before us within the last two
years document after document showing that
of the tax on whisky $100,000,000 which is
actually due to the Government and which
should have been paid into the Treasury has
been diverted into the pockets of officeholders
and their confederates, and has never reached
its proper destination, the public Treasury;
when report after report has shown to this
House and to the country such gigantic frauds
as could not be perpetrated except with the
connivance of Government officials; when they
see the whole service thus degraded and de-
moralizedj and those who are honest, upright,
and faithful in the discharge of their duties
either driven out or overborne, while those
who pay their taxes conscientiously are obliged
not only to pay their own just burdens, but to
contribute also the amount thus stolen by those
who are plundering the Treasury ? How long
do you think the people will bear patiently
this_ cry, " To the victors belong the spoils "—
spoils that are torn from their backs and
wrung from their labor ? They see, Mr. Chair-
man, who it is that obstructs this reform and
why it is obstructed. It is because there is in
this country a class of people, some elevated
to office, and many expecting to be, who wish
to use this patronage of the Government as
the means of obtaining office; who wish to use
the positions they may obtain not only to turn
money into their own pockets but to allow
others, their political friends, to divert it to
their own and to political uses.
Instead of destroying or tending to destroy
the fabric of republican institutions this meas-
ure, it seems to me, tends to turn aside and
entirely paralyze all the efforts of their ene-
mies. The foundations of our institutions are
to be sapped and weakened, the structure is to
be made to crumble and fall, by the insidious
efforts of those who take away from the Gov-
ernment its_ life-blood, the money, the taxes
by which it is supported and carried on. Let
us have this measure, Mr. Chairman; let this
commission sit at the doors of our custom-
houses, and we shall have no smuggling in the
great ports or the small ports, no swindling in
the excise on whisky and tobacco; we shall
know who the inspectors and the watchmen,
who the gaugers and storekeepers are, and that
they possess the requisite qualifications for
their offices. We shall give them an incentive
to obtain, by faithful service, promotion and
rewards. We shall give to all who deal with
the Government the assurance that they will be
met by honest men, and not by those who will
plunder and rob them and cheat the Govern-
ment at every stage of the transaction of their
business.
It is as an economical measure, Mr. Chair-
mail, that this measure emanates from the
Committee on Retrenchment. It is attacked
as a political measure by the member from Illi-
nois from a politician's stand-point. As a polit-
ical measure, here and against him, but from
another stand-point, I defend it, claiming that it
