1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBBL
isone by which this Government and our repub-
lican institutions can be more strengthened
than by any that has been proposed within the
last half century. It will restore our institu-
tions and our offices to the spirit in which those
institutions were created and those offices estab-
lished. For corruption it will give us purity,
for venality it will substitute honor. It will
give to every one of our civil servants the char-
acter that-is , now shared by every one who
serves the_ Republic in the military or the
naval service.^ It will develop an esprit de
corps which will afford a potent resistance to
all temptations, which will lead every man
bearing the commission of the Government to
perform his duty honestly and patriotically.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, I do
not rise for the purpose of taking any part in
this debate at the present time. I do intend,
however, with the consent of the House, to
take an early opportunity of expressing some
views in regard to this civil service bill, which
I regard as the most important measure that
has been presented to the public for some time.
In one respect this bill has been treated as no
other proposed law has been treated for years.
It has been published far and near; it has been
discussed in reviews, in magazines, and oa the
stump, in a form and to- an extent altogether
unprecedented. These things have called to
the measure my attention, in common with
that of other members. I wish, therefore, an
opportunity to say something in regard to the
bill. In general I concur with the views ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.] I believe that the bill, though well
designed, is a mischievous measure, and one
altogether unworthy to be enacted into a law.
At the present time I am not prepared to enter
into the discussion of the question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the pending bill be now read by paragraphs for
amendment.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If no gen-
tleman desires to offer any amendment I will
move that the committee rise and report the
bill to the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. Before that is done I
would like to make an inquiry in regard to one
matter in connection with these appropriations
for the Military Academy. I would like to
know what is the recommendation of the com-
mittee in regard to repairs of the wharf? I
ought, perhaps, to call attention to the fact
that about a year ago an appropriation was
asked for the repair of the wharf, and it was
at that time stated by a gentleman on this floor
that, living in the district, he knew all about
this wharf, and that it did not need any repairs
whatever. It turns out that the appropriation
was for the upper wharf, for heavy ordnance,
and not.the one intended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We made
the appropriation last year. I now move that
the committee rise and report the bill to the
House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The motion was agreed to. -
The committee accordingly rose} and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Htil-
buiid reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the state of the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 1596, making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and had
directed him to report the same back to the
House without amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill waspassed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. (
1snkollbd bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
Senate bill No. 174, forthe relief of Mrs. Emma
Wilson, of the State of Indiana; when the
Speaker signed the same.
adjournment over—again.
Mr. CHANL'ER. I move to reconsider the
Vote by which the: House agreed to adjourn
over till Monday next; and also move that that
motion be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CETANLER. I withdraw my motion.
agricultural report.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution: which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
_ .JSesolved, That the Congressional Printer be, and
is hereby, directed to inform this House the cause of
delay m furnishing for distribution the Agricultural
Report for 1867.
• Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
president's message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the President's
message of 1867.
Mr. ALLISON. I move, by unanimous
consent, that no further business be done this
evening after coming out of committee.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. Washburne's motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr.wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the'President's
annual message of 1867.
kesults of tlib 15lbcti0s.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Chairman, the issues
supposed to have been settled by the election
of General Grant to the Presidency formed the
subject of an elaborate speech by the honor-
able gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] a few
days before the adjournment ,of Congress for
the holidays in December. The assumptions
of the gentleman on that occasion, which dif-
fer materially from my own conclusions, have
suggested the brief remarks which I propose
to make upon this the first opportunity I have
had for a reply. Nor is this an idle discussion;
for what has been clearly and fairly determined
by a general election ought to be acquiesced
in as the declared will of the people, binding
upon the minority and regulating the official
duty of those elected by the majority.
The late presidential election decided, of
course, that the Republican party should con-
tinue to administer the Government through
an elected Chief Magistrate of their own choice
and a majority of the Forty-First Congress.
But it settled scarcely anything else than what
is practically inseparable from such a result.
The election, in fact, turned upon a false and
imaginary issue, as I shall presently show, by
which the Republican party succeeded in avoid-
ing a direct verdict of the people upon the real
questions involved in the policy upon which
they had administered the Government. By
the same means they avoided, as far as possi-
ble, committal upon any question which could
be referred to the future. As an example of
the latter, as well as an illustration of the un-
warranted assumptions of the gentleman from
Maine, take the subject of- the finances. In
the speech to which I have adverted the gen-
tleman said "the election of General Grant
has settled the financial question." Settled
it how? Why, says the gentleman, "it has
settled that the public debt shall be paid in the
utmost'good faith, according to the letter and
spirit of the contract."
This, to be sure, is in the very words of the
Chicago platform, and neither more nor less
explicit. But when and by what party was  t
ever made a Question whether the national
debt should not be paid in the utmost good
faith and according to the letter and spirit of
the contract? What is good faith aiid'what the
letter and spirit of the contract are the very
points of the controversy, and upon these the
Republican platform and th« enunciations of
General Grant leave us as muGh as everin the
dark. The late Thaddeus Stevens, whose lead-
ership of the Republican majority in this House
was conspicuous, and who was in his lifetime
as mach entitled to speak for the RepublicAa
party as the gentleman from Maine, declared
in one of his last speeches in this Hall that the
Republican platform meant that "the bloated
bondholders," as he styled the holders of five-
twenties, should be paid in currency and not
in gold. But this, Says Horace Greeley, is
"villainy." And so thinks the-gentleman
from Maine. On the other hand, an honor-
able Senator, [Mr. Morton,] a high Repub-
lican authority, and prominently named even
for the Secretaryship of the Treasury under the
new Administration, maintains that to pay the
bonds in currency is a clear legal right accord-
ing to the contract. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who will concede
nothing in Republican orthodoxy even to the
gentleman from Maine, goes further, and says
that to pay in greenbacks is not only a legal
right but a moral duty.
In reference to the question touching the
resumption of specie payment we discover the
same confusion among the Republican oracles.
" Let resumption come at once," says the
venerable editor of the Tribune in his late let-
ter addressed to the distinguished Republican
Senator already referred to. "Wages must
fall, property sell cheaper or be unsalable, the
sheriff and coastable be after many of us. We
must sufferMy hew. But," continues he with
heroic erpphasis, "I prefer to take the plunge
atonce.-and be done with it." " But," retorts
the l^jhorable Senator, " you may be ready to
e the plunge, but the great body of the
ople are not. Postpone till 1871." "Post-
pone indefinitely," says the gentleman from
Massachusetts. It appears from this that the
interpretation of the settlement, of the financial
question by the election of General Grant is
attended with as much confusion of tongues as
prevailed among the artificers of Babel. The
fact is that the election has left the financial
question practically where it found it. All
that the election has certainly settled in rela-
tion thereto is that the party which has swelled
the national debt by unprecedented' extrava-
gance and deranged the? currency by unwise
legislation shall, for at least two years longer,
shoulder the responsibility of providing a rem-
edy. The financial elephant, for the present, is
their prize. So much of finance has been
settled by the election of General Grant, and
nothing more.
The gentleman lays it down as an inevitable
consequence of General Grant's election that
negro suffrage must be accepted as a perma-
nent establishment in the southern States,
" and at no distant day throughout the entire
Union." Yet if negro suffrage, which is the
very corncr-stonc of Radical reconstruction,
had been divested of all other issues and fairly
submitted to the vote of the whole people,
what man acquainted with the national senti-
ment will deny that its defeat would have bee'n
overwhelming ? No other proof is needed to
establish this proposition than the decisive vote
upon this question when lately presented by
itself in several of the great Republican States
of the North and the continued exclusion of
negroes from the polls in nearly all of-them.
It is said, however, that negro suffrage " is
of necessity conceded as one of the essentials
of reconstruction." But has the Radical policy
of reconstruction itself been so approved and
established that it can never be disturbed by
future elections ? Is there nothing to be appre-
hended from the continued violation of natr
ural laws and a possible' collision of'raecS?
