1869.
fjffll fOOffGKESaiQMAL. MM®.
To affirm that this condition jof.things has
received the deliberate app.ro.val, of either Gen-
eral Grant or of the majority which elected him
I believe to be a slander against bottu
' Among those things lost with the " lost
cause," by the defeat 'of Mr. Seymour, the gen-
tleman enumerates what he is pleased to term
"" the paradise of State'rights."
If, however, it he .claimed as one of t;he re-
. suits of the late elecjtion that States have no
longer any rights which the federal power is
* bound to respect, there will be many a fierce
' struggle before the party of centralization will
be left in undisputed possession of the Govern-
' ment. Secession was a heresy which threat-
ened the existence of the Union, but the
denial to the Spates of those reserved rights
which clearly lie on their side of the line, de-
fining the constitutional jurisdiction of the
Federal authority, would destroy the symmetry
and distinguishing excellence of our institu-
tions, to preserve/%hich would be worth as
great a sacrifice as 'the suppression of the re-
bellion against the Union itself.
I know not through what future convulsions
the ultimate destiny of the Republic is to be
wrought out, nor how far the new President,
naturally conservative and sagacious, may be
' willing and able to aid in the restoration of
fraternal feeling and public confidence through-
out all sections. I know not how successfully
General Grant may be able to check the waste-
* ful extravagance of the public expenditures
and aid in the restoration of a sound currency,
arid open up before the eyes "of his anxious
-and tax-burdened countrymen a prospect of
the early reduction of the public debt by the
practice of that economy which is so essential,
but to which, under the republican rule, the
country has been so long a stranger. Nor can
I tell how far, if he should in all these things
be disposed to act for his country instead of
his party, he. will regard his obligations to the
1 latter paramount if they should happen to dis-
agree with the former. He has hitherto been
credited with views'broader and more national
than the policy' of his party. Considering
how immeasurably the Republican party is his
debtor he can well afford to preserve his indi-
viduality. He need not sink, unless he chooses,
into the mere stalking horse of parly, the mere
dispenser of party patronage—the gilded figure-
head in a State pageant, like a doge of Venice,
' subject to his council of ten. If he is ambitious
to crown his warlike fame with enduring civic
' renown he will be far more than all this. He
can be more than all this without having attrib-
uted'to him any special love for the party that
voted against him. He will, it must be ex-
pected, give the offices to the men who voted
him into the Presidency. Nor can he be ex-
pected to betray any of the pledges which his
Republican candidacy have fairly imposed
upon him. But he is too wise not to see that
he owes to the Republican party the nomina-
tion alone. They owe him everything beside.
Without him they would have been nothing,
and they know it. ...
In view of these considerations'^ is compli-
mentary to him to, doubt how far he will sub-
mit his official locks to be shorn by the Radical
Delilah, and allow himself to be bound by the
withes of the 'civil tenure law or by any new
inventions, which upon the first exhibition of
independent action on his part, Congress may
deem it expedient to devise for his restriction.
It would be in accordance at least with the
popular conception of his characterise should
defend with resolution the constitutional pre-
rogatives of his office. If he were to imitate
Congress he might even go beyond this, and
become a law unto himself.
When by his official utterances the new Presi-
dent shall have broken his sphinx-like silence,
and revealed a policy of his own, then, and not
till then, can it be safely asserted how much
or how little has been accomplished by the
election of' General Grant.
The great constitutional and national party
to which I belong, numbering in its ranks this
day, notwithstanding fte .election of. General
Grant, a majority, of the white,'peopl®.of, the
entire country, will continue to move on, never
despairing of the Republic, faithful to its great
mission and strong in its abiding convictions
of right. It will never cease its efforts until,with
or without t,he aid of General Grant, it shall be-
hold the civil law supreme throughout the land,
and this nation again united as one people with
the equality, digfcy, and rights of the several
States reestablished and secured.
Mr. CULLOM obtained' the floor, but
yielded to' •
Mr. CHANLER, who moved that the com-
mittee rise. ' . , .
The motion was agreed to.' '
The committee accordingly rose; $nd Mr.
Price having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the President's annual mes-
sage of 18G7, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WILSON, of
Iowa, (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes, p.
m.,) the House adjourned till Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions; &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petition of George
Crompton, of Worcester, Massachusetts, for
relief from the payment of duties on cloth
manufactured by. his looms at the Paris Ex-
position.
By Mr. BEATTY: A petition of 32 citizens
of Ohio, asking Congress to grant a pension
to George W. Hincaid, a soldier of the war
of 1812.
By Mr. BECK: The petition and accompa-
nying papers of William It. Boice, of Boyle
county, Kentucky', for payment for quarter-
master's stores purchased by him for the Army
of the United States.
By Mr. ECKLEY: The petition of Captain
George S. Atkinson, for relief.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of the sugar refiners of Boston, for a
change in the tariff to equalize the duty on
imported sugar.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition and memorial
of the sugar refiners of Philadelphia, asking
for a new classification of sugars for tariff
purposes.
By Mr. LINCOLN: The petition of Abram
B. Harrington, asking to be placed on the
pension-roll.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of Lieutenant
John Harkins, for pay for services from March
to September, 18C5.
By Mr. MOORHEAD : A memorial in favor
of the passage of the civil service bill and other
measures tending to retrenchment and econ-
omy.
By Mr. MYERS : The petition of Mary M.
Cromwell, widow of Jacob G. Cromwell, de-
ceased, late paymaster's clerk United States
steamer Fredonia, for a pension.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of P. Stine-
baek, of Neosho, Wisconsin, for relief.
By Mr. PEltHAM: The petition of Jane M.
McCrabb, for a pension.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of An-
drew J. Bradfield, for the removal of disabili-
ties. . . „ r
■ By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of James
Kavenaugh-, for an invalid pension.
By Mr. STEWART: The memorial of Lo-
renzo Sherwood, remonstrating against the cre-
ation of railway monopolies by congressional
legislation.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of M.
A. Holmes and others, citizens of Wilkesbarre,
Pennsylvania, askingfor a modification of cer-
tain sections of the act imposing taxes upon
distilled spirits and tobacco.
. , ..-IN SENATE.
MoscxYy January 11,, 1869.
" Prayer by Rev. D. D.
The Journal of Friday- Iftsfr w%s read arid
approved." > - ••
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. ., ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid' before
the Senate a report from the Seete'tary. of
War, communicating, in compliaace'iwith . a
resolution of the Senate of December 14,1868,
information in relationto recent disturbances in
Louisiana; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, aud ordered- to be
printed. '
' He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Postmaster General, in relation to the con-
nection of the electric telegraph with the postal
service; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Itoads, and ordered
to be printed. •
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Postmaster General,^ communicating1', in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
December 21, 1868, information in relation to
furnishing certain post offiees with postal bal-
ances, under the act of July 27, 1868 ;■ which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to bs printed.
He also laid before-the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
appropriation to carry out the provisions of
-the fourth article of the treaty of'June 14,1-866,
with the Creek nation of Indians; whiqh was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.'
Ho also laid before the Senate a letto? from
the Secretary of War, transmitting,'in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate'of the
14th December last, copifes of reports; piipers,
and other information in possession .of the
War Department relating tt> the-late battle
with Indians on the Wachita river; ^hich was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a_ letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating a report
of a board organized by the War Department
for the investigation of oertam'claims in rela-
tion to the claim of S. and H.' Sayles, of- ICil-
lingly, Connecticut;' which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of the sugar refiners of Phila-
delphia, asking for a new classification of sugars
for tariff purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Michigan; which I askmay
be read and printed, and lie oh the table. I
will state that it passed unanimously, through
both branches of the Legislature.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Ajointresolution asking tlio Congress of the United
States to pass the tariff bill now pending in th<5 Sen-
ate for the relief of copper mining.
Whereas foreign ores, mostly the product of peon
and slave labor, have to a large extent been im-
ported and continue to be imported into tne united
States at a nominal rate of duty, to wit, five per
cent. <xd valorem; and whereas tho rates of duty on
all articled which enter into copper mining are so
high as to make tlxo discrimination 111 fa.vor ox for-
eign ores arid against copper mined in this country
pa.lpa.bly unequal, unjust, and; most oppressive to
the copper mining interests of the United, states;
and whereas tlieSto.te of Michigan is largely inter-
ested in the production of copper, ana the mines ot
Michigan, inconsequence of such unequal taxation
and of the competition growing out of the importa-
tion of sach foreign ores, aro m a greatly depressed
and prostrated condition; more than three iounhs
of the active mining companies have suspended work
altogether, causing great disti ess among a hard-work-
ing and industrious population, entirely dependent
on the working of the mines for support, ana also
preventing the development ot the greater mineral
wealth of our State; and whereas a bill for the
relief of the copper mining interest of our country,
which interest is one of the roost important m this
State, has passed the House of representatives by a
vote of more than two thirds of its members, and is
now pending in tho Senate; and whereas iron, lead,
and other mineral products of the United States aro
protected by a duty of about fifty per cent., while
foreign copper ores under present rates pay five per
