48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 17,
Senate.
National Debt~^-Mr. Dixon.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
in the history of the world. We talk about
legislating specie payments. Sir. the only
mode in which specie payments have, ever
been resumed in England or anywhere else
has been by the course of events, by the rer
newed prosperity and restored ability of the
country. It may be thought that Sir. Eobert
Peel's bill in 1819 was an exception'to this
statement. I wish to show what was the state
of England at that time. I think some facts
in-regard to it may be interesting to Senators
who may not have considered them .and to the
people of the country. I say there never was
yet an instance where specie payments have
been restored by mere legislation. What was
done in England ? In 1819, when the bill
passed for,the restoration of specie payments,
to take effect in the year 1821, what do you
suppose was the rate of discount at that time
on Bank of England notes ?' What was the
depreciation ? How great a step was it neces-
sary to take in England in 1819 in order to
resume specie payments? Only two and a
half per cent. In 1819 the discount on Bank
of England paper was only two and a half per
cent. It never exceeded twenty-five per cent,
at the very worst, and for a long series of
years after the battle of Waterloo it was bat
two and two and a half per cent, up to 1819;
so that when the bill passed for the resump-
tion of specie payment in England it was
already almost restored.
To show that I am not wiong in this, let me
read a few words from an article in the Edin-
burgh Review. This is not mere speculation
on my part. First, I will read with regard to
the rate of discount on depreciated, irredeem-
able paper in England during their great wars
to restore the Bourbons. The Senator tells us
the amount of currency has nothing to do with
it, that the depreciation takes place from other
causes. This writer says:
" It appears by the tables of the prise of bullion,
published by order of the House of Commons, that
until 1801 bank notes were on a par with gold, In
1801 and 1802, however, they were at a discount of
from eight and athird to seven and a third per cent.,
but they again recovered their value; and from 1803
to 1809. both inclusive, they were only at a discount
of £213$ 2d. per cent. Bat in 1809 and 1810 the
directors appear to have totally lost sight of every
principle by which their issues had previously, been
governed. The average amount of bank notes in
circulation, which had never exceeded £17,500,000,
nor fallen short of £16,500 000 in any one year from
1802 to 1808, both inclusive, was in 1809 raised to
£18,927,833; and in 1810 to £22,541,523."—Edinburgh
Review, vol. 35, p. 477.
They made the same mistake that the Sen-
ator has. They thought the amount had noth-
ing to do with it; that they could increase the
amount without increasing the depreciation.
Let us see what the effect was:
"The issues of country bank paper were increased
in a still greater proportion: and. as there was no
corresponding increase in the business of the coun-
try. the discount on bank notes rose from £213*. 2ti.
in 1809, to £13 9s. 6d. per cent, in 1810."
That is, it rose from about two to about
thirteen per cent, merely in consequence of
the increase of the issue.
44 The recommendation to return to cash payments
contained in the report of the bullion committee pre-
sented to the House of Commons in 1810 appears to
hav« given a slight check to the issues of the bank.
All apprehensions from this quarter were, however,
speedily dissipated, for in May, 1811, when guineas
were notoriously bought at a premium and bank
notes were at an open discount, as compared with
gold bullion, of upwards of ten per cent., the House
of Commons not only refused to fix auy certain period
for inverting to cash payments, but actually voted a
resolution declaring that the promissory notes of the
Bunk of England had hitherto been, and were at that
time held to be, in public estimation, equivalent to
the legal coin of the realm.
"This ever-memorable resolution—a resolution
which took for granted that apart was equal to a whole;
thatnincty pounds and one hundred pounds were tho
game thing—relieved the bank from all uneasiness
respecting the interference of Parliament, and stim-
ulated the directors to increase the number of their
notes in circulation. The consequence was that in
1812 they were at an average discount of twenty and
three fourths; in 1813, of twenty-three; and in 1814,
of twenty-live percent. This was the maximum of
depreciation."—Edinburgh Review, vol. 35, page 480.
That was the greatest depreciation ever
known in England—-twenty-five per cent.,
which we should consider very moderate, and
would now be very thankful if our paper money
was«of equal value. The.writer goes on:
■ "In 1817 and 1818 the average discount on bank
paper, as compared with gold, did not exceed £213*.
2c?. per cent. In the early part of 1819 it rose to about
six per cent'., but it very soon declined, and lor the
last two years paper has been nearly on a level with
gold."
Then the writer goes on to comment on what
was the effect of the act of Sir Robert Peel, of
1819, to restore specie payments, and he says
that that bill did not restore specie payments,
that they were already restored by the oper-
ation of various causes, and that the act only
confirmed what already existed, and even
then, before the act was allowed to go into
force, a tremendous effort was made to repeal
it, because that act, although specie payments
were almost restored, and the only difference
between gold and paper was two percent.,
shook the whole commercial fabric of business
in England and brought immense ruin in its
train. Now, sir, what will-be. the effect of an
act here establishing by a rigid rule specie
payments at a certain day with paper at thirty-,
four per cent, discount? It is impossible to
imaginB it, if we may judge by what took place
in England under .the same circumstances, or
I may say very different circumstances, because
there the rate of discount was very much lower.
The writer says, in commenting upon the effect
of the bill of Sir Boberfc Peel, showing that
what I have said in regard to it is true:
" It must be remembered that much of that incon-
venience and distress, which must always resultfrom
every sudden rise in the value of money, had been
got over in 1817 and 1818. The rents of such farms as
been entered into during the depreciation had been
very generally reduced, and a vast number of an-
nuity bills had been canceled, and prices and wages
had begun to accommodate themselves to the new
scale of value. The adoption of Mr. Peel's bill only
gave stability to arrangements which had been
brought about by the natural course of events, and
by fixing the standard at its former limit secured
us, so long at least as we have good sense and hon-
esty to maintain it inviolate, against the risk of fu-
ture derangement and fluctuation.
44 But even if it could be shown that tho act of 59,
George III, was inexpedientat the time when it was
passed, that would add but little real strength to the
plea of those who are now contending for its repeal.
Every objection which it was possible to make to the
degradation of the standard in 1819 must apply with
tenfold force to the scheme for degrading it in 1821;
while, on the other hand, all the arguments that
could have been urged in favor of the measure at the
former period must aow be proportionabiy weak-
"The proceedings in 1819"—
That is, Sir Eobert Peel's bill—■
"did not really add three percent, to tho value of
bank paper, nor were they intended to raise it.
Their great object was to shut the door against a
new depreciation, and to prevent the value of pa-
per, which had tor three years .been nearly on a
level with gold, from being again degraded."
I beg the attention of Senators to this ; I
ask the attention of the honorable Senator
from Indiana to that fact, that the great object
of the bill of Sir Robert Peel was to shut the
door against a new depreciation, and to pre-
vent the value of paper, which had for three
years been nearly on a level with gold, from
being again degraded. That was the condition
of things in England then-—far from our con-
dition now. Instead of a discount of thirty
per cent, and upward on paper money, the
fact was that the progress of business, the resto-
ration of prosperity, and the return of peace
in the long lapse of time that had taken place
between the battle of Waterloo and the resump-
tion of specie payments in 1821, had restored
specie payments and brought about what the
Senator desires now in a gradual manner, in-
stead of a hurried precipitous one, leading to
destruction.
I say I very much doubt, although it may be
unpopular to say so, whet,her it is possible by
legislation alone to restore specie payments.
You may pass a bill providing that on such a
day specie will be paid; but will you therefore
be able to pay it then? The Senator says con-
fidence will be restored, and nobody will ask
for specie; and that seems to be the confident
hope of those who favor such legislation, that
as the day approaches we may be able to re-
sume, because nobody will ask us to pay; but
if they do ask it I fear very much that the. Sen-
ator will find , that the vast amount of specie
which he proposes to take out of the channels
of business and to accumulate during three
years will not be sufficient, after all the injury
that that accumulation has wrought, to enable
the Government to.maintain specie payments,
unless renewed prosperity shall enable the
country to do so.
Now, let me refer with regard to this hoard-
ing of gold—and I do it in no party sense—to
the sub-Treasury law. What was our idea in
that? It seems to be thought now that the
hoarding of gold is of no consequence in this
country, because, we are told, it is merchan-
dise. Is it so? Calling it merchandise makes
no difference; it is still gold, still money;
and you propose to hoard up $200,000,000 or
$300,000,000 under the pretext that it is mer-
chandise, like corn in a crib or wheat, and
you say that will not derange the finances of
this country.-. There are those here who recol-
lect what was the supposed effect of the sub-
Treasury scheme. There are some who think
it had no effect, the operation of it being on so
small a scale. But in 1857 we know it was in
full force and effect, and in 1857, while that
scheme was in full force and effect, the most
ruinous revulsion happened that ever hap-
pened in this country, and every bank in the
Union was compelled to suspend specie pay-
ments. The advocates of that scheme, which
was a scheme for hoarding gold precisely like
this, told us that there never could be a revul-
sion, provided the Government would keep a
large amount of specie on hand. In 1857 they
had a large amount on hand, and continued
specie payments, and were the only parties m
the country who did. Not a bank in the Union
paid specie; and not only that, values went
down, stocks depreciated. The banks were
not only unable to pay their debts in specie,
but their stocks went down. The average rate
of bank stocks in the city of New York at that
time was about fifty cents on the dollar, and
so of stocks and property all over the country.
I do not say that we ought to make no effort,
therefore, to relieve ourselves from this condi-
tion, because I think legislation may do some-
thing. We may try experiments. They may
turn out different from what we suppose. What
is the cause of the depreciation of our paper
currency? I propound that as a question to
the Senate. If they can explain it to me they
can answer a difficult riddle.
Why is it that the currency of this country is
so depreciated? Is it a thing which other
Governments have been subject to ? In France
the assignats were, it is true, depreciated;
they were utterly worthless finally, and went
down to nothing. But how about Bank of
England notes after the battle of Waterloo?
They were irredeemable. The bank was author-
ized by act of Parliament to refuse specie. The
amount of their notes, it is true, was not so
great as ours. It was only about one hundred
million dollars, somewhat over twenty million
pounds at the outside. But the depreciation
the moment that Napoleon was conquered at
the battle of Waterloo was only about two per
cent., and it remained at that figure from that
time, with one exception in 1819, when, as it
appears, probably on account of speculation
resulting from the fears entertained of Sir
Robert Peel's bill, the premium went up to
six per cent, for a short time ; but before the
bill went into effect, and at the time of its
passage, bank notes and specie were at par.
Now, I say, if any Senator can tell me why
it is that our paper money is depreciated I
should like to have him explain it. Is it
because our Government has no credit? Is it
because it is supposed that the debt will never
be paid ? Is it because there are repudiation
