•1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
he offered as his remarks, having been ruled out
of order, he cannot under the rules, proceed
without the consent of the House.
The SPBAKtiB. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] has .a right to object to his
colleague [Mr. Buooks] proceeding. In reply
to the inquiry of the latter gentleman the Chair
will simpiy state that in his opinion the lan-
guage of this paper is not respectful. Ques-
tions whether documents are respectful to a
deliberative body must be decided by the Pre-
siding Officer as the language falls upon his
ear. The Chair regards the language of this
paper as not respectful; and from the context
.he does not believe it was intended to be re-
spectful. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ward] objects to his colleague [Mr. Brooks]
proceeding; and the question is, uShall the
gentleman be allowed to proceed in order?"
; Mr. BROOKS. Does my colleague object
to my proceeding?
Mr. WARD. I do.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made the
question is, ''Shall the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bkooks] be allowed to proceed in
order V*
The question being put, there were—ayes 42,
noes 80.
Mr. BOYER. I demand the yeas and nays.
• The yeas and nays were ordered.
- The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 43, nays 97, not voting
82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Baldwin. Banks, Beck,
Blair, Uoyer, Burr, Gary, Chanler, Fox, Glfissbren-
ner. Golludjiy, Grover, Haight, Hamilton, Holman,
Hotchkias,Humphrey, Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Ketcbam, Maliory, Mar-
shall, McUormick, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pomeroy. Pruyn,Robinson. Ross, Sitgreaves,
Stone, Taber, Tift, Van Trump, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—43.
NAYS-rMessrs, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,Baker,
Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blame, Boutwcll, Bowen, Boyden, Bromwell,
Broomall, Bucklcy, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Cailis, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb. Coburn, Corley, Cornell, Covode,
Cullom, Dockery, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Fer-
rbs, Ferry, Fields. Goss, Gove, Gravely, Harding,
Haughey, Hi&by, Hopkins, Hulburd. Hunter. Alex-
ander H. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontz, Lash, William Lawrcnce, Loan, McCarthy,
McKee, Moore, Moor bead, Morrell, Newcomb, Now-
sham, Noma, Nunn, Orth, Paine, Porham, Pierce,
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price, Prince, Roots, Sawyer,
Seofield, Seiyo, Shanks Shellabarger, Stevens,
Stokes, Stover.Sypher. Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Van Aernam, BurtVan IIorn.Robeit T. Van Horn,
Ya")^yck. Ward. Cadw.UaderC. Washburn, Iienry
IX Washburn, William B. Washburn, Thomas WjI-
liams, William Williams, James P.Wilson, John T.
Wilson, and Windom—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer. Arnell, James M. Ashley. Bailey, Barnum,
Blackburn, Boles, Brooks, Buckland, Cake, Clift,
Cook, Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon,
Dodge, Driggs, Edwards, Ela, Eldridgc, Thomas D.
Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, French, Gar-
faeld, Getz, Griswold.Halsey, Hawkins, Heaton, Hill,
Hooper, Asahel W.Hubbard. Chester 1). Hubbard,
Richard I), llubbard, Judd, ICellogg, Knott, Lafiin,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McCuIloueh, Mercur,
Miller, Morrissey, Mullins, Myers, O'Neill, Peters,
Pettis, Pike, Poland, Randall, Raum, Robertson,
Schenck, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather. Stewart,
Taylor, John Trimble,LawreneeS.Trimble, Twich-
Upson, Vari Auken, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne,
Welker, Whittemore, Stephen F.Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—82.
So the House refused to allow Mr. Brooks
to proceed in order.
Mr. WARD. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
• The question being put, there were—ayes
76, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ward
and Wood were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 38.
I demand the yeas and nays,
f he j'eas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
i n taeaflhrraative—yeas 103, nays 38, not voting
 1 : usiouows:
R,^,k^SK^In,S.fis'Blli-SOK'-DHosr''- Ashley, Baldwin,
k™ Bon ton, Blaine, Blair,
lioiitwel], Bowen, Bovden. Bromwcl!, Broomall,
Buckland, Buckley, Roderick R Butlor Chilis
Tf.AJidpr W niovlro . T?.*,\C,1 K. X a"is,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Alex-
ander Il.-Jones, Judd, Julian,Kelley,Kelsey,Kitchen,
Koontz, Lafiin, Lash, Georgo V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan. Loughridge,Lynch,Maliory,
Maynard, McCarthy, Molvee, Moorhead, Morrell,
Myers. Newsham. Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Peters, Pierce, Plants, Polsley, Price, Prince,
Roots, Sawyer, Schenck, Seofield, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taffe, John
Trimble. Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, William
Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Windom—103.
NAYS— Messrs. Axtell, Barnes, Barnum, Beck,
Blackburn, Boyer,Brooks,Burr,Cary,Chanler.Dock-
ery, Fox, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haight,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, McCormick, Mungon, Niblack,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Randall, Ross, Sit-
greaves, Stone,Taber, Tift, Van Trump, Woodward,
and Young—38.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Beatty, Bingham, Boles, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Churchill, Cook, Covode, Cullom, Delano, Deweese,
Dixon. Dodge, Donnelly, Dnggs, Edwards. Eggle-
ston, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, French, Garfield,
Getz, Griswold, Halsey, Harding, Hawkins, Hill,
A^uhel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Humphrey. Ingersoll, Kellogg, Ketch-
am, Lincoln. Marvin, McCullough, Mercur, Miller,
Moore. Morrissey, Mullins. Newcomb,Nunn, Pettis,
Pike. Pile, Poland, Pruyn, Raum, Robertson, Robin-
son, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens, Stew-
art, Taylor, Thomas, Lawrence S.Trimble. Twichell,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn,
Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Whittenvore, Thomas
Willinms, John T.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,Wood,
and Woodbridge—81.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was laid on the table j and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave op absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Stover
for this evening's session on account of indis-
position.
SUFFRAGE.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to report from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction a bill for the removal
of disabilities.
Mr. BO UT WELL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for the purpose of moving to take
up the constitutional amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he expects action upon it at
this time ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. My purpose is to move
to_ non-concur with the Senate and ask a com-
mittee of conference. It will not occupy a great
deal of time.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield to the gentleman
for that purpose, but I hope that no long time
will be consumed.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking up from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate
to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 126, nays 31, not voting 65; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Andorson, Baker, Baldwin, Sea-
man, Beatty. Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell. Bowen, Boyden, Bromvvell, Broom-
all, Buckland, Buckley, Benjamin ]?. Butler, Bod-
erick a. Butler, Cailis, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb. Corley, Cornell, Covode,
Cullom,Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dock ery, Donnelly,
Dnggs. Lckley, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela, Thomas D.
Jlliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Goss, Gove.
Gravely, Haughey, Hawkins, Heaton, Higby, Hill,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
ingersoll, J enokes, J ohnson, J ulian .Kelley, Kellogg
Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lafiin, La«h
Georgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lough-
ridgo, Lynch, Maliory, Marvin, Maynard, McKee,
Moore. Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, News-
ham, «orns Nunn, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pierce, Pile, Plants, Poland. Polslev, Pomeroy Price
Prince, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer! Seofield, Shanks,
bhellabarser, Spalding. Starkweather, Stewart,
fctoses, Stover, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Trowbridge,
7 mke*l  Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
?£t T-Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward. Cadwalader 0.
Washburn, William B. Washburn. Welker. Whitte-
more. Thomas Williams, William Williams, Windom,
and Woodbridge—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Barnes, Beck, Boyer, Burr,
Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover, Haight, Holman, Ilotehkiss, Ilumphiey,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mungen,
Niblack, Nicholson. Phelps, Ross, Sit«reav<-s, Stone)
Taber, Van Trump, Wood, Woodward, andl'oung—31,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer, Arnell, Delos 11. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Blackburn, Boles, Brooks,
Cake, Cary. (Joburn, Cook, Delano, Dixon. Dodge,
James T. Elliott, French, Garfield, Getz, Griswold,
Halsey. Hamilton,Harding, Hooper, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Alexander 11, Jones,
Judil,Lincoln, Loan,Logan, McCarthy, McCormick,
McCullough, Mercur, Miller, Morrissey, Mullins,
Orth, Pettis. Pike. Pruyn.Randall, Robinson, Roots
Schenck, Selye, Smith, Stevens, Taylor, Tift, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, James F,
Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Stephen F.Wilson—65.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the amendments of
the Senate were taken up and read, as follows :
Lino two add the letter "s " to the word ** article."
Line three strike out the word" an " and add " s "
to *' amendment/'
Line four, after " State," insert " either of."
Alter line six insert "first amendment."
Strike out the first seetio-n and insert in lieu thereof ^
No discrimination shall be made in any State
among the citizens of the United States in the exer-
cise of the elective franchise or in the right to hold
office in any State on account of race, color, nativ-
ity, property, education, or creed.
At the end of tho resolution inserttho following?
Second amendment:
Article —.
The second clause, firstseetion, second articleofthe
Constitution of the United States shall be amended
to read as follows:
Each State shall appoint, by a vote of the people
thereof qualified to vote for Representatives in Con-
gress, a number of electors equal to the whole num-
ber of Senators and Representatives to which the
State may be entitled in the Congress; but no Sen-
ator or Representative or person holding an office
of trust or profit under the United States shall bo
appointed an elector; and the Congress shall have
power to prescribe the manner in which such elect-
ors shall be chosen by the people.
Amend the title of the resolution by striking out
*• an " and adding *'s " to " amendment."
Mr. BOUTWELL. Here is a proposition
in regard to electors which has not been con-
sidered in this House. The proposition con-
cerning suffrage has been materially changed,
I have considered whether it is practicable to
concur in the amendments of the Senate with
an amendment, but I have come to the con-
clusion that that, as a matter of business, is
impracticable. I see no way in the present
condition of things except to non-concur in the
action of the Senate, and to ask for a commit-
tee of conference; and I make that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to concur, Mr-
Speaker; and if the gentleman will allow me
to state, I ask the attention of the House to the
fact that the additional amendment by the
Senate, not heretofore considered in the House,,
leaves the apportionment of electors among the
States as it always has been under the Consti-
tution ; that is to say, according to the number
of Senators and Representatives to which eaek
State shall be entitled, but it provides they
shall hereafter be chosen by the popular vote.
It provides further that the Congress of the
United States shall have power to prescribe
the districts and time of election, excluding all
officers of the United States or all persons
who hold office of honor or trust under the
United States from the position of electors. It
substantially leaves the Constitution in respect
to the apportionment of electors as it is but.
gives the people the direct choice of them, sub-
ject to the control of Congress.
The House will doubtless remember the other
provision of the Constitution remains as it is,
that Congress shall have the power to fix the-
time of choosing the electors, which shall be
on the same day in the several States, in the
words of the Constitution.
Now, I do not desire to take up the time of
the House in the form of argument. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts desires to be heard
in the way of argument I will yield to him for
that purpose. I only mean to state the fact to
the House. I move to concur in the amend-
ments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The motion to concur
takes precedence of the motion to non-concur.
^ Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to state the par-
ticular objection I have to concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
