1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
273
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
citizens of Indiana^ praying that a pension be
granted to Benjamin T. Raines ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions."
He also presented the petition of Frederick
Hall, praying for the confirmation of certain
entries of land iti the Ionia district, Michigan ;
which was referred to the Committee on Publio
Lands.
He also presented three petitions of the sugar
refinersof Philadelphia, askingforanew classi-
fication of sugars for tariff purposes; which
was referred to the Committee'on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the presi-
dent of the Grand Rapids and Indiana Railroad
Company, remonstrating against any further
increase ofthe duty on imported ironand steel;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of the presi-
dent of the Indianapolis, Peru, and Chicago
Railroad Company, remonstrating against any
further increase of the duty on imported iron
and steel; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the memorial of
David Hillbouse Buel, praying that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be authorized to issue to
him bonds in lieu of certain registered bonds
lost in the mail between Troy and Coopers-
town, in New York ; which was referred to the
Committee oil Claims.
Mr. CAMERON" presented additional papers
in relation to the petition of S. R. Franklin, for
restoration to his original position on the Navy
Register; which were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
senator from georgia.
Mr, TRUMBULL presented the credentials
of Hon. H. Y. M. Miller, United States Sena-
tor-elect from the State of Georgia, to fill the
unexpired term, commencing March 4, 18G5 ;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1827) to amend an act
entitled "An act to exempt certain manufac-
tures from internal tax, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 31, 1868; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1596) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870.
enrolled bill stoned,
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 174) for the relief of Mrs. Emma Wilson,
of the State of Indiana ; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempoYe of the
Senate.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the petition
of John H. Russell, praying for a patent for
certain land in Arkansas, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Private Land Claims to report
back the petition of John H. Rogers, praying
the confirmation of title to a certain tract of
land in Livingston county, Illinois, and to ask
to be discharged from its consideration and
have it referred to the Committee on Claims.
The Committee on Private Land Claims are
of opinion that no relief can be granted as to
the land. Possibly he may be entitled to re-
cover back the purchase money if he makes
out the case before the Committee on Claims.
The report was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7-19) to define and settle staff rank in the
Navy ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
* 40TH Cong. 3D SEBS.—No. 18.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S- No. 760)
to regulate the* rank of medical staff of the
Navy; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 194) authorizing the transfer of
certain appropriations heretofore made for the
public printing, binding, and engraving; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is not an original
appropriation, but it is to transfer a part of
the appropriation made for the public printing
from the appropriation for the purchase of
paper to the appropriation for the binding and
printing. I think, therefore, it had better go
to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 195) requiring the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to trans-
fer certain money ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. STEWART. I move the reference of
the joint resolution to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and I should like to say to that, com-
mittee that it is merely to correct a mistake.
The appropriation was for the purpose of col-
lecting mineral statistics. The Secretary of the
Treasury had already employed Professor Ray-
mond. He was engaged in the work, and the
appropriation was made with reference to paying
him on the work which had been done, but it is
now ascertained that by inadvertence it was
intrusted to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and he cannot get his pay. I hope j
the committee will give us an early report on |
the resolution, so that it can be passed. The
chairman of the committee has no objection to
its being passed at once; but he is not here, and
consequently I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 751) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish the judiciary of the United States,"
approved Sept-ember 2-1, 1789 ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 752) to incorporate the Washington Mar-
ket Company; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 753) to provide for the execution of judg-
ments in capital cases ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 754) confirming a charter granted by the
Legislature of the State of Louisiana for the
purpose of connecting the Mississippi river
with Lake Borgne by means of a canal, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a.bill (S. No. 755)
to define the limits ofthe collection district of
Teehe, in the State of Louisiana, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 75G) to incorporate the
Great Falls Ice Company of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CQRBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,- leave to introduce.a bill (S...
No: 757) to establish a mail route in Washing-
ton. Territory; which wa-s.read twice by its title,;
referred to the Oommittefe on Post Offices-and
Post Roads, and ordered to be print«d 
11 r. NORTON asked, and b v unanitnotiscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. •
758) to provide for the construction of a wagon-
road for military and postal purposes through
the Territories of Dakota, Montana, and Wash-
ington ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 759) to extend the patent granted to (>. V.
Blodgett and P. T. Sweet for oven for bakery
for seven years; which was read twice by its
title, referred t.o the Committee on Patents,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 760)
for the relief of Rev. D. Hillhouse Buel; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 701) giving the consent of the United States
to the erection of a bridge across the Delaware
riverbetweenPhiUidelphiaaiidCamden; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
house bills referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 1327) to amend an act
entitled "An act to exempt certain manufac-
tures from internal tax, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 31, 18G8, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The bill (II. R. No. 1596) making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, was
road twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
reconsideration op a hill
Mr. STEWART. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
bill (H. R. No. 1598) to relieve from disabil-
ities R. W. Best and Samuel F. Phillips, of
^f'orth Carolina.
The PRESIDENT pro lempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
extradition op criminals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there be no further
morning business I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 705.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 705) further to provide
for giving effect to treaty stipulations between
this and foreign Governments for the extradi-
tion of criminals.
The bill provides that whenever any person
shall have been delivered by any foreign Gov-
ernment to au agent or agents of the United
States for the purpose of being brought within
the United States and tried for any crime of
which he is duly accused, the President shall
have power to take all necessary measures for
the transportation and safe keeping of such
accused person, and for his security against
lawless violence until the final conclusion of
his trial for the crimes or offenses specified in
the warrant of extradition, and until his final
discharge from custody or imprisonment for or
on account of such cranes or offenses, and for
a reasonable time thereafter. The President,
or such person as he may empower for that
purpose, may employ such portion of the land
or naval forces ofthe United States, or ofthe
militia thereof, as' may be necessary for the
safe keepiug and protection of the acensed.
Any person duly appointed as agent to receive
in behalf of the United States the delivery by a
foreign Government of any person accused of
crime committed within the jurisdiction ofthe
United Slates, and to convey him to the place
of his trial, is to be vested with all the powers
