1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
40th Cong. ...3d Sess.
National Debt—Mr. Dixon.
Senate.
schemes abroad ? Not at all. Every scheme
of repudiation has been put down, as gentle-
men themselves say, by the voice of the people.
Nobody proposes to repudiate. Everybody
declares that the debt must be paid. The
President himself, whom you stamp as a repu-
diator, or attempt to, says the debt must be
paid; that the national credit must be pre-
served.
What, then, is the cause of this depreciation ?
I confess that I am unable to say. The hon-
orable Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessendex]
and the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] do not attempt to explain it. I
think I know one reason, and I will suggest it.
In the first place, this Government is dishon-
oring its own paper, and has been for the last
five years. It refuses to take its paper for the
very purpose for which it is wanted; that is,
in the payment of import duties. Suppose you
went farther; suppose after having refused to
take it for your tariff duties, you refused to
take it in payment of internal revenue taxes;
I ask you how much lower it would be then?
Does any body doubt that such a refusal on
the part of the Government would carry it
down still lower?
On this subject we have the light of experi-
ence. In the year 1861 we passed an act issu-
ing 850,000,000 of paper money, which we
declared should be receivable for tariff duties,*
and all other dues to the Government. We
did not make it a legal-tender. We did not
clothe it wtth that sanction. We only declared
that the Government would not discredit its
own paper, but would take it for duties on
imports. What was the consequence? - For a
long period of time you found that paper
quoted in the newspapers at par with gold.
While the balance of your Treasury notes went
down till gold was at a premium compared
with them of 180, that irredeemable paper dollar
of the Government receivable for duties was on
a par with gold.
It may be said, where will you get your gold
with which to pay the interest on the debt if
you do not require the duties to be paid in gold ?
If it is true that the depreciation of the cur-
rency is occasioned by your discrediting your
own paper, then if you take off that discredit
ami thus raise your paper to near par you could
buy gold very easily without much loss. If
you have caused the discredit in that way, by
removing the discredit the difference between
gold and paper is nothing; it is immaterial.
1 think there may be the great error that we
have committed. I do not know whether it
could be remedied now. I am inclined to
think that the removal of that discredit might
have a very great and favorable effect; I doubt
very much whether it is not true to-day that
the fact that the Government rejects and re-
fuses and discredits its own paper at the cus-
tom-house has a very great effect upon- the
deprecimion of that paper everywhere. If so,
it has been a very costly experiment. It never
was done anywhere else. Did the British Gov-
ernment do it? Did they refuse to take Bank
of England notes for duties and tor all debts
to the Government? Not at all. They re-
ceived them for everything. They were a legal
tender for everything, and even were paid for
the interest on their debt, which they were
solemnly bound to pay in specie, but refused
to pay, and paid in paper, and now call us re-
pudiators because some propose to pay ours in
paper.' What did they do irom 1801 to 1821?
They paid all their interest in Bank of England
notes, part of the time depreciated, and re-
ceived it for every debt of the (Sovernment. In
consequence of its being received the depre-
ciation was very slight.
I think another cause of the depreciation of
our currency is the enormous expenditures of
the Government. I do not say that in any
party sense. 1 am not talking as a partisan.
The time for that has gone by. But we have
raised, say, $1,500,000,000 in taxes since the
4(Jth Conu. 3d Sess.—No. 4.
war closed. That money has been paid out
for various purposes. How much of it might
have been saved? Why, sir, if we had come
herewith a self-sacriticing spirit at the close
of thfe war and determined to do our duty, to
cut down every expense, to refuse to raise
every salary—not excluding our own; if we
had come here in a spirit of self-sacrifiee and
said we will stay here and do our. duty and not
ask that our own salaries shall be raised, nor
will we raise any others, nor will we pay a dol-
lar which is not inevitably necessary, I believe
our paper money to-day would have been nearly
as good as gold.
The reason why I comment upon the Sen-
ator's statement that the amount of our debt
and the amount of our paper currency has
nothing to do with this depreciation is because
I think it leads directly to this spirit of extrav-
agance. If he is correct, it is comparatively
no matter how much we spend ; our paper is
not depreciated; our debt is nothing. I beg
leave to say to you, Mr. President, that our
debt is a rather serious thing. It is a great,
enormous fact, tremendous in its consequences.
I trust in Heaven it will be paid in all its parts ;
but I tell you, Senators, you have a duty to
perform in regard to it which is not to be
shirked off, nor to be avoided by claiming that
its amount is of no consequence and has no
effect upon the value of money.
It is very popular in stump speeches and in
popular assemblies to tell the people that they
have vast resources; that they possess an im-
mensely rich country; that they owe compara-
tively nothing. Sir, the national debt is a
mortgage upon one fifth of all the personal
property of the country, and it is a very serious
question how it shall be paid. When the Presi-
dentof the United States proposes a plan which
may be unwise, what is said ? He is denounced
as a repudiator, and our credit is sunk still
lower than it was before for the sake of get-
ting an opportunity to injure President John-
son.
Now, sir, the first thing which I would do to
raise the credit of our country would be. as I
have said, to adopt a rigid system of economy.
I think that the Senate of the United States
and the House of Representatives should pass
a joint resolution declarator of their purpose
to enter upon and persist in at all hazards a
system of rigid, unbending economy that should
yield to no appeal, and pay out nothing that
was not absolutely necessary. That mere fact
would benefit our public credit much more than
the resolution which is now proposed. I would
stop everything; I would stop even the Pacific
railroad if necessary; I would not pay out
another dollar until our credit was restored.
I say I would stop the Pacific railroad if neces-
sary. 1 trust it would not prove necessary.
The honorable Senator from California. [Mr.
Coxkess] looks alarmed. I do not wish to
cut off intercourse with him when he and I
retire to private life; but I say, rather than
repudiate the public debt, cut even that off. I
would stop the purchase of real estate from
foreign Governments. I would not buy Cuba.
I would not buy Mexico. I would pay our
debt; and when our debt was paid, if we had
any money to expend in foreign luxuries, in
the form of icebergs or torrid zones, I would
then indulge in them.
What would be the next step ? Then—and
here I am perhaps encroaching upon party
ground—I would adopt a system of policy like
that pointed out by my honorable colleague
[Mr. Perry] the day before yesterday. I would
extend to the people of the South the hand of
friendship and kindness. I would remove all
their political disabilities. I would invite them
to this entertainment of paying our publicdebt,
and let them join us in it.
Now, sir, 1 have a few words to say with re-
gard to that, plan of my colleague. I have
nearly concluded what 1 had to say 011 the
financial question ; but I have a few words to
say with regard to the speech of my colleague
in connection with this subject of restoring
our national credit. He proposes two meas-
ures : one a joint resolution to repeal the dis-
abilities made by the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution, and the other a bill which
does not require a two-thirds vote. I thank
my honorable colleague for those two meas-
ures, and I thank him for his speech upon
them. The honorable Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] proposed a scheme which called
up my colleague—a scheme which seems to me
utterly shocking in its character, proposing to
create a new set of crimes, proposing to make
it a crime in the United States of America for
a citizen to hold an office. The comment made
upon that by my colleague was sufficient, and
I will not add to it. The only fault I had to
find with my colleague's speech was that it
was a little too late. If he had made that
speech one year ago he would have stood with
me and with my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle,] and he might have done some
good. It is not too late now for some benefit
to result from it. While I am up I will read a
few extracts from it. It is precisely, except
in its eloquence and ability, what I might have
said myself. He is speaking of the laws which
we adopted last year, against which I pro-
tested, against which I took the liberty to make
a speech, imposing political disabilities upon
a portion of our own people. He says:
"These laws, limiting and restraining the suffrage,
serve now only to gall and irritate, and to do no good
whatever, unless, indeed, sir—that which I too often
hear and too often read in the newspapers—we are here
to continue disabilities upon those people for the pur-
pose of maintaining the ascendency of the Repub-
lican party in those communities; and X take it that
legislation for such a purpose as that, or for any
merely partisan purpose, is not to be entertained by
the Senateof the United States.
"Well, now, sir, is there any necessity that the frag-
ment that remains of the operation of these limita-
tions upon the suffrage in those States should be
longer continued? And if there is not; if the ori-
ginal necessity of these disabilities of both kinds has
passed away, has actually been driven out of exist-
ence by the action of the people of the United States
in the recent presidental election, why should we
retain them here longer?" * * . * *
"We want them to come back to buildup a strong,
free, and enduring nationality; and it is true, Sen-
ators, that the disabilities imposed by this third sec-
tion to-day deprive the States and the Republic of the
assistance and services of the greater portion of the
intelligence, the culture, and the property ef those
communities."
Precisely what I objected against the bill a
year ago. He goes further:
" But the imposition of your disabilities goes fur-
ther. It scatters broadcast all over the South a race
of political outlaws, sullen and discontented, from
the feeling, rig-ht or wrong, that they are suffering
injustice, and naturally enough so fits them to become
centers of conspiracy."
That is an objection which occurred to me
and which I attempted to express. I thought
it would produce that effect. _ And still every
day, although by our legislation we have made
them centers of conspiracy and made_ them
outlaws, we are hearing complaints continually
because they are disquieted and uneasy. It
reminds me—to quote Dr. Johnson again of
what he one day said to Bossvell. He told
Boswell he had seen that day an instance
which manifested human nature to him in a
new light. -'I was passing a fishmonger's
stall and I saw the fishmonger skinning an eel
alive, and he was cursing the eel because he
would not lie still." [Laughter.] That is
precisely what we are doing in regard to the
South, according to the Senator's own state-
ment, skinning them alive, imposing disabili-
ties upon them, making them outlaws, and
cursing thein because they will not lie still. 1
think their misconduct, if there has been any
misconduct, has been greatly overrated. I
have no doubt there has been some misconduct,
but I do not believe it to exist to the extent
that my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son'] dot>s, who told us that one individual
killed one hundred and twenty-four men. I
do not think a manslayer is abroad to that
extent. That was an idle boast. There has
