1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5i
40tii Co2su....3i> Sess.
Claims of Loyal Alctbarnians—Mr. Haughey.
Ho. op Reps.
support by a branch ol' that Army in whose
ranks they were fighting.
For reasons satisfactory to Congress the
claims of these men have hitherto been ignored.
Though the justice of the claims and the loy-
alty of the claimants can be established by the
highest and most positive evidence, and though
nearly four years have elapsed since the claims
originated, they have thus far failed to be rec-
ognized and still remain unsettled. The tend-
ency of legislation in regard to these claims is
to increase rather than diminish the difficulties
attending their adjustment. .
In the enactment of laws and the establish-
ment of rules and regulations for the proper
adjustment of claims growing out of the rebel-
lion much embarrassment has been experi-
enced in agreeing upon a uniform standard by
which the justice of claims and the loyalty of
claimants should be established. The standard
of loyalty so far as it affects southern claim-
ants has changed very materially within the
last few years. It is much more rigid in its re-
quirements now than it was during the first few
years of the war. Until the passage of the act
of July 4, 1864, all that was required to estab-
lish the loyalty of a claimant and secure the
settlement of his claim was to prove that he
never voluntarily aided the rebellion. Now he
must prove in addition that he had not been a
resident of nor did the claim originate during
the war in a seceding State, Tennessee and
West Virginia excepted. Excepting ia these
two States no claims growing out of the rebel-
lion originating in a seceding State can be set-
tled or in any way adjudicated, either by the
Court of Claims or by the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government.
According to existing laws it is of no avail
that a claimant can prove by demonstrative
evidence that he never voluntarily aided the
rebellion. He may even prove by incontro-
vertible evidence that he not only gave no aid
to the rebellion but that he had served in the
United States Army during the whole period
of the war. and aided to the full extent of his
ability in suppressing the rebellion, yet from
the simple fact that his property was taken by
the United States forces in one of those States
that are excluded from the beuefits of the act
of July 4. 1864, no settlement of his claim can
be permitted. Even the widows and orphans
of Federal soldiers may establish the fact that
they have been impoverished and brought to
misery and want by the Union Army, and yet
because they were residents of the South no
compensation is allowed for their losses.
If the citizens of the seceding States had
bee.u a unit in voluntarily engaging in rebel-
lion, and the citizens of the non-seceding
States had unanimously endeavored to sup-
press it, the legislative and executive depart-
ments of the Government would have had no
difficulty in the enactment of laws and the
establishment of rules fur the proper adjust-
ment of claims growing out of the rebellion
and in determining the loyalty of claimants.
The question of loyalty would always have
been determined in any case by ascertaining
the State in which the party resided during the
war, in the examination of claims the Execu-
tive Departments of the Government would
have been relieved of all embarrassment in the
adjustment of them after ascertaining the sec-
tion of the country in which the party resided
during the war and the locality in which the
claim originated. The jurisdiction of theOouri
of Claims would thus have been confined to
the adjudication of such war claims as origin-
ated in non-seceding States und belonged to
residentsofthoseStates. Geographically, then,
the jurisdiction of the couit would extend to
the line dividing the seceding from the non-
seceding States. All claims growing out of the
rebellion in thenon-secedingStates would have
been adjudicated upon their merits without
reference to the loyalty of the claimants, and
all those of a similar character originating in
a seceding State would have been rejected
without examination or without reference to
their merits upon the ostensible ground of the
disloyalty of the claimants. One of the many
ad vantages which would probably have attended
this condition of affairs would have been the
exclusion of a few fraudulent claimants. A
few thousand dollars out of which the Govern-
ment may have been defrauded might possibly
have been saved "to the Treasury and placed to
the credit of the national debt.
But it-is well known that this hypothetical
condition of affairs did not and could not exist.
From the very nature and object of the war
such an imaginary state of affairs was practi-
cally impossible. It is a well-known fact that
during the whole period of the war, from its
commencement to its close, there was a large
number of the citizens of each of the seceding
States who opposed secession, who never vol-
untarily aided the rebellion, and whose politi-
cal status among their neighbors was that of
Union men. Amid all the changing scenes of
the rebellion, through the sorrows of defeat
and the joys of success, they remained firm,
and earnestly and prayerfully desired the final
success of the Union cause. It is also a well-
known fact that in some of the non-seceding
j States there were many who during the whole
' period of the rebellion earnestly sympathized
with it and on all suitable occasions gave to it
their aid, countenance, and support.
Hence, to discriminate by law in favor of
the loyal claimants in the non-seceding States
and against the same class of claimants in the
seceding States is to sectionalize loyalty and
create an unfair and unwarranted distinction
between citizens who were identified in mak-
ing common sacrifices in a common cause and
in behalf of an imperiled but common coun-
try. To grant a monopoly in the settlement
of claims growing out of the rebellion to loyal
citizens of the non-seceding States is to dis-
criminate unfairly and unjustly against citizens
of the seceding Slates, who have at all times
and under all circumstances been warm and
unwavering friends of the Government. Thou-
sands of those citizens against whom the dis-
crimination is thus made never conceived a
disloyal thought, nor did they ever utter a dis-
loyal sentiment.
Loyalty consists in fidelity to the Govern-
ment and obedience to its laws. In a Gov-
ernment like that of the United States, where
all men are permitted to enjoy equal privileges
and have an equal voice in making the laws,
it seems strange that any of its citizens should
be disloyal. Yet, such was the ambition of a
few political leaders in the southern States,
and such was their power to deceive and mis-
lead the southern people through the only
channels of intelligence that these leaders
would tolerate, that a majority of these people
were led into an attitude of hostility to the
Government. A large number of the citizens
of each of the southern States, however, re-
sisted the appeals of these leaders, and not-
withstanding the unparalleled persecutions to
which they were subjected, they remained true
to their Union principles during the whole
period of the war. They are true and loyal
to-day, and even at this late day they are still
! the victims ot' rebel proscription and persecu-
| tion.
ti Under ordinary circumstances no man is
|! entitled to honor or preferment for his loyalty.
!! Loyalty is due from the citizen to the Goveru-
|j ment which protects him. Hence the citizens
|j of the non-seceding States in adhering to the
!' Government during the war simply performed
j' their duty. The Government gave them pro-
tection. and their present and future welfare
!i depended upon its unity and perpetuity. For
1 their loyalty, then, they are not justly entitled
| to any special privileges or preferments beyond
| those which are granted equally to loyal eiti-
j zens in the southern States.
! Loyal citizens of the southern States remained
loyal under extraordinary circumstances. To
be loyal in a disloyal State was to sacrifice
business, friendship, property, and to incur
social proscription, persecution in a thousand
forms, frequently imprisonment, and in many
cases death by the hands of rebel assassins.
Notwithstanding these unfavorable circum-
stances under which these citizens maintained
their loyalty they neither ask nor expect any
privileges which are not equally accorded to
all loyal citizens throughout the Union. They
simply desire that their claims shall receive
ihe same recognition that is granted to the
claims of loyal citizens of the non-seceding
States.
The provisions Of the act of July i, 1864,
providing for the payment of quartermaster's
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to the
Army of the United States are confined, in their
application, toStatesnotinrebellion. Byjoint
resolution approved June 18, 1866, these pro-
visions of the law were extended to the coun-
ties of Berkeley and Jefferson in West Vir-
ginia, and on the 24th of July following the
benefits of the law were again extended so as
to include the State of Tennessee. These pro-
visions of the act having been misconstrued
by the attorneys of southern claim agents, and
appeals having been taken from the decisions
of the heads of the quartermaster's and com-
missary departments of the Government, an-
other act was passed in February, 1867, explan-
atory of the act of July 4,1864.
The act of February, 1867, declares that the
provisions of the act of July 4, 1864, shall not
be construed so as to authorize the settlement
of any claim for supplies or stores taken or fur-
nished for the use of or used by the armies of
the United States, nor for the occupation of or
injury to real estate, nor for the consumption,
appropriation, or destruction of or damage to
personal property by the military authorities or
troops of the United States where such claim
originated during the war for the suppression
of the southern rebellion in a State or part of
aState declared in insurrection by the proclam-
ation of the President of the United States,
dated July 1, 1862, or in a State which by an
ordinance of secession attempted to withdraw
from the United States Government; provided,
that nothing herein contained shall repeal or
modify the effect of any act or joint resolution
extending the provisions of said act of July 4,
1864, to the loyal citizens of the State of Ten-
nessee or of the State of West Virginia, or any
county therein.
These laws, then, prohibit the settlement of
all claims originating during the war in any
of the rebellious States, Tennessee and West
Virginia excepted. They declare in effect that
the loyal citizeiis of these States are not,
according to the Constitution of the United
States, entitled to all the privileges and im-
munities of citizens of the several States, nor
are they entitled to just compensation for their
private property that had been taken for public
use. The mere residence or domieil of loyal
citizens during the war in any of these States,
is regarded as prima facie evidence of dis-
loyalty, and is considered a sufficient reason to
deprive them of those inherent and inalienable
rights guarantied to them by the Constitution
of the United States.
These laws, however, are assumed to be con-
stitutional upon the ground that the States
which are excluded from the benefits of their
provisions were at the time of their enactment
in rebellion against the authority of the Gov-
ernment. They were then subject to the laws
of war, and it is assumed that none of the citi-
zens of those States could legally be entitled
to any protection from the Constitution of the
United States. All the citizens of those States,
without regard to their private acts or opinions,
were in contemplation of law public enemies.
The provisions of the Constitution to which
reference has been made are applicable to a
condition of peace, and could have no binding
