1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT.
Mr. Dawes here took the chair as Speaker
pro tempore.
Mr. WILSON,oflowa. Mr. Speaker,I desire
to report, on behalf of the committee appointed
by the two Houses of Congress to wait on the
President and Vice President-elect, that they
have discharged their duty and have received
from the Presidentelects folio wing response:
Gkntlrmbn" : Please notify the two Houses of Con-
gress of my acceptance of the important trust to which
I have been elected, arid of which you havejust noti-
fied mo; and say to them that it will be my endeavor
to so discharge it that they and those who elected
them shall have no reason to regret their action.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The report
will be entered upon the Journal of the House.
Mr. PRUYN. I am directed, on behalf of
the same committee, to report that they have
waited upon the Vice President-elect, and have
received from him the following response:
Gentlemen: Please convey to the two Houses of
Congress my acceptance of the office to which I have
been elccted by the people of the United States, and
assure them that I shall endeavor to prove worthy
of this mark of confidence by fidelity to principle
and duty.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The report
will be entered upon the Journal of theHouse.
MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee on Recon-
struction, reported back House bill No. 1908,
with a substitute; which was ordered .to be
printed aud recommitted.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S. No.
935) to provide for a term of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the dis-
trict of Vermont, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. PAINE. I am instructed by the same
committee to report back the bill (H. 11. No.
1880) to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute. I will state that the substitute is
precisely like the original bill, except that
there is a section added.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
That all legal and political disabilities imposed hy
tho fourteenth amendmentof the Constitution of the
United States, byieason of participation in the late
rebellion be, and they hereby are, removed from the
following persons, namely:
fiobert Ware, ot lilount county; J. J. Cowden and
Elijah Self, of Jefferson county; Alexander McKin-
stry, of Mobile county; N. B. Mnrdis, of Shelbv
ccunty; John S. Moragne, Henry W. Pickens, H.K.
Wikle, and Jeptha Edwards, of Etowah county; J.
A. McCutcheon and Absalom Jackson, of Elmore
county; 0. T. Yelverton, of Coffee county; T. Gr.
Cornish, of Marengo county; Samuel F. Palmer, of
Tuscaloosa county; Calvin L.Sayre, of Montgomery
county; Samuel M. Morrow, William Morrow, and
"S. S. Morrow, of Morgan county; and Charles 0.
Crowe, of Perry county; all in Alabama,
Yancey B. Shapnrd, of Pope county; Levander
Syk<'s and James H. Low, of .Johnson county; "Wil-
son C. Jon^s. of Yell county; James E.White,Frank
H. Clark, Thomas Clark, James I. Hudfou, and John
T. Cbidester, of Washita county; E, W. G-antt, of
Pulaski county; Alexander Mason, of Calhoun
county; and John H, Askew, of Union county: all
in Arkansas.
Noah L. Cloud, of Decatur county; Foster Blodgctt
and W. C. Dillon, of Richmond county; Nathan
Land, of Barton county; H. H. Pettis, of Fulton
county; George IL Lester, of Oglethorpe county;
and W.W Paine, of Chatham county; all in Georgia.
Seaton Ti. Loving, of Nelson county; Murray Tur-
ner, Larkin OK Rucker, Samuel W. Davis. Asa Wood,
Benjamin J. Campbell, and "William W. Stoops, of
Patiick county; William H. Terrill, of Bath county:
Joseph T. Priddy and James M. Taylor, of Hanover
county; John H. Matthews and John H. Pedigo, of
Honrycounty; L.H. Bryant. GeorgeW.Comett.and
E. L. Dickey, of Gravson county: W. E. M. Word, of
Botetourt county; William T. Davis, of Powhattan
county; C, M. Ilubbard, of Jacncs City county; J. E.
Morgan, P. B. Patterson, and 5S. C. Vaughan, of
Buckingham county; Frederick Butler, SamuelEl-
Jis, Peter W. Ralston, John W. Wright, and William
II. Hioharson, of Henrico county; Zehulon Boon,
Jacob B. Frier, and Alfred T, Diilard, of Roanoke
county; Littleton A. Warren, of Prince Edward
county; David J. Whipple, of Rockbridge county;
William Townes. jr.. of Me'cklonburgcounty: Albon
McDaniel, jr., aad James- F. Johnson,-of Bedford
county; Peter B. Prentis, of Nansemond county;
James B. Green, of King William county; John H.
Paaipiin and C. T. Smith, of Nelson eounty; Pey-
ton S. Coles and Alexander Rives, of Albemarle
county; W. W. Coldwell, John A. Hair, F. W. Par-
ker, G. W. Camp, and Antrobus Bond, of Prince
George county; La.nghorno Scruggs, William M.Tred-
way, and JohnW. Jones, of Pittsylvania county: P.
R. Saunders, of Essex county;, George W. Trice,
David M Hunter, andW.W. Bird,of Louisacounty:
W. G. Taliaferro, of Caroline county: John A. Mar-
in an, B. F. Fifer, Robert OK Bickle, David C. Mc-
Guffin, and Reuben D. Hill, of Augusta county; H.
A. Carrington, of Ch.irlotte county: John Overton,
of Nottoway county ; W. S. Beazley,ol Green county;
James W. Johnston, of Clarke county; Thomas M.
Cecil and J. G. Cecil, of Pulaski county; 11. H. Gla?s
and J. D. Alexander, of Campbell county; T. J.
Pretlow, of Southampton county; and Edward H.
Williams and C. W. Murdaugh, of Norfolk county;
all in Virginia.
C. B. Davis, of Lawreneo county; Hiram Crab-
tree, John 11. Knight, John Jones, of Jackson
county; and Edward Isaac Golladay, of Wilson
county ; all in Tennessee.
Thomas J. Webb, of Anderson county; Rouben
Gross and Samuel J, Stewart, of Lexington county;
James M. Martin, of Abbeville county ; and Samuel
T. Atkinson, of Georgetown county; all in South
Carolina.
Michael Hahn, of New Orleans in Louisiana.
Peter A. Wilson, of Salem, in North Carolina.
J. C. C. Winch, of Harris county; Chnrles A.
Frazier, of Upshur county; and James M. Wiggins,
of Cherokee county; all in Texas.
E. M. Weils, Samuel Young, S. C. Conlev. E. II.
Sanders, W.J.Wasson, N. C. Wasson, David Wasson,
Jason Niles, A. J. Boyd, D. W. S. Sanders, A. M.
Chestnut, John A. Wasson, Alexander Wa=son, E.
L. Carnes, Rasselas Boyd, David Carr, and C. G.
Harris, ot Attala county; WilliamT. Townsend and
• Benjamin T. Marshall, of Carioll county; C. C.
Moore, J. T. Pulliman, Jacob A. Lougliridgc, and
Thomas D. Hamilton, of Chickasaw county; E. J.
Lipsey. Samuel B. McNoace, Francis Holmes, C. F.
V/est, L B. F. Robinson, John W. McCarkl, George
E. Harris, William P. Euson, AV. A. Nelson, S.
D. Irvin, and James JI. Scafe, of De Soto county;
Nathan Bunkley aud Willi.i.m K. Magcc, of Frank-
lin county; Samuel A. Spencer, Tillman Bryan,
S. J. Tavlor, C. E. Murphey, E. B. M. ilillhouse,
H. J. Hawkins, Hiram Hall, and W. Emby, of Cal-
houn county; J. L. Carter and A. N. Kimball, of
Hinds county; Sampson Bottcrs, James M, Stig-
ier, A. M. Green, John A. Cason, W. A. West,
George W. Colo, and Erastus Hakims, of Holmes
county; James Archer, Portorlield Farley, and Put-
nam Harden,of Jcffcison county; Mo&esG.Ilollford,
W. W. Chisholm, B. F. Rush, and E. K. Fowler, ot
Kemper county; M. II. Peyton, Uriah Millsapps,
Ephraim G. Peyton, jr.. and Samuel P. Harvey, of
Copiah county; James W. Bi onke, Robert E. Leach-
man, J. W. McMullen, Elisha Moselv, and David C.
Smith, of Lauderdale county; J. A. Orr, ot Lowndes
county; M. M. Peyton, of Madison county ; John A.
Hanson, of Leake county; Jesseo V. Bell, of Leo
couniy; Addison Edwards, T. U.Richardson, William
A. Haynes, S. Hucknby. Thomas S. Gathright, E. A.
J. Mcllenry, James S. llolt. and Charles B. Ames,
of Noxubee eounty: Paul Dunn, George Wiley, C.
Cullms, Abner Shuttle, and J. L. Morphis, ofPonto-
toc county; John E. GiUcnwaters, P. A. Beazley,
Ephiaira F. Ilavnie, William L. Payne, Sylvester J.
Allen, Robert J. Fleming, Joel Gill en wateis, Frank
E. McCalla, V/. TI. Dodson. James McAini«, W. H.
James, Barton B. Boone, 0. Lucas, T. D. Duncan,
Hamilton Mask, James W. Harper, and Luther W.
Redus, of Tishetmngo county; M.Nelmcs, of Tippah
county; James M. Miller, sr., and William C. Mil-
ler, of Wilkinson county; and J. Harry Thomas, of
Warren connty; all m Mississippi.
Robert Uawthorne, of tho District of Columbia.
I) Howard Smith, of Franklin county; Philip Lee,
of Jefferson county; J. K.Hucy, of Livingston county;
David 0. Harris, ot "Woodford county :_and James W.
Schooling, <">f Marion county; all in Kentucky.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all persons
from whom t he disabil ities im posed by t h e fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of tho United States
have been or shall be removed, and who have been
or shall be elected or appointed to any office or place
of trust in or under the Government of the United
States, or of either of the States or Territories shall,
before entering upon the duties thereof, take and
subscribe the oath prescribed in the act approved
July 11, 1803, entitled "An act prescribing an oath
of office to ho taken "by persons from whom legal dis-
abilities shall have been removed," instead of tho
oath prescribed in the act approved July 2,1862, en-
titled "An act to prescribe an oath of office and for
other purposes," anything in any other act to the
contrary notwithstanding.
During the reading of the substitute,
Mr. BLAINE rose and moved to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table, in order to test
the sense of the House as to whether it would
go on with this bill or go into Committee of
the Whole on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. PAINE. Before the gentleman puts
.that motion, which I know he has a right to
make, I wish to state respecting this bill that
though the number of names is quite large the
committee have inserted only the names of
men from the States lately in rebellion who
seem to be entirely without objection.
-Mr. ELDR1DGE. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order to interrupt-the reading of the. bill for
debate ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; it is however in
order to do ao by moving to go to the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman frons
Wisconsin [Mr. PAixis] think it practicable to
pass this bill this afternoon?
Mr. PAINE. I was about to say that we
have put in this bill only clear and unobjec-
tionable cases except a few from the State of
Kentucky, and I do not see why.we should not
pass it through the House in a very short
time. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Eldbjdge] to
object to debate.
Mr. BLAINE. If there is any likelihood
of getting the bill through I will .not insist
upon attempting it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Putitrightthrough;
there is no difficulty.
The reading of the bill having been com-
pleted, . . -
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: Is it in order to call
for a division of this bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not. A bill cannot
be divided except in a specified case in regard
to works of internal improvement, where a
vote may be taken on each separate work.
Mr. PAINE. I have here the papers upon
which the committee have concluded to insert
the several names in the bill, so that I am able
to give in writing the reasons in each case.
There is one exception, however, and that is
the case of Michael Hahn, of L/ouisiana, whose
name was inserted upon verbal representations
made before the committee. But I am in-
structed by the committee to move to strike
out his name for the reason that he has already
been relieved from disabilities. I am also in-
structed by the committee to move to strike
out from tiiis bill the name of George W. Cor-
nett, of Grayson county, Virginia, the commit-
tee not having decided adversely in his case,
hut, having decided to reconsider it in another
bill.
Now, I will not detain the House by giving
reasons m particular cases unless some gen-
tleman shall call upon me for statements in
regard to particular persons whose names are
embraced in the bill: But I wilLstate to the
House that there has been objection made in
some six cases besides the two to which I have
already called the attention of the House, and
.1 shall allow gentlemen to move to strike out
those names, including all the names from Ken-
tucky in the last four lines of the bill, and includ-
ing one from the State of Virginia. After those
amendments have*been moved, I shall demand
the previous question on the bill and the amend-
ments. I will yield a reasonable time to the
gentlemen who may move those amendments
to make remarks in support of the amendments
which they offer, and after a brief reply I shall
ask for a vote. I will now give an opportunity
to gentlemen to offer those amendments.
Mr. FERRISS. Do I understand that the
gentleman will not allow any remarks in rela-
tion to the bill generally ?
Mr. PAINE. Oh, no; I did not say that
If there is anybody who has any disposition to
debate the bill it is very certain that the com-
mitter has not the slightest disposition to force
it through the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. PAINE. I shall be very happy to an-
swer any question the^entleman may put to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is founded on the fact
that I ascertained this morning beyond all ques-
tion that a man who has been relieved from
his disability, as much a rebel now as ever,
has been boasting that he never asked any-
body to relieve him. What I desire to know,
therefore, is whether there is a written appli-
cation of the parties ; whether there is any
person named in the bill to be relieved from
disability who has not filed an application i 
writing, signed by himself, askiag for such
relief? Heiuafter I will not vote to relieve
