1869.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27?
loyally prior to the capture. I am aot disposed
to make out a ease that Miss Sue Mijrpheyis a
rebel; I am not pretending to argue that; 1
am only saying that this is a most unfortunate
case to be put forward as a specimen case, on
account of the fact that loyalty is not proven.
It is useless to tell tne that a person is loyal
after the capture. I have seen a great many
men who were praying for the success of the
confederate arms up to the day of their cap-
ture, but when they found the cause was lost,
when their hope of redress and hope for pay-
ment was only in the United States, they warmed
up wonderfully and you would think that the
old patriotism was rekindled ; they became
suddenly loyal. I will not say that this is such
a case.
Mr. IiOWE. I wish to set the Senator right
upon one point. He has made the remark two
or three times—he started out with it, I be-
lieve—that this was a case selected and put for-
ward upon which to test all these loyal claims.
Mr. POMEROY. What I said was, that it
had been treated as such by the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say to my friend that
the fact, that this particular case is here at all
now is mere matter of accident. It is not
selected for any such purpose, and was not
selected at all. The case was reported upon
the conditions that I mentioned tlieother day,
reported not upon the recommendation of the
committee, but reported as a mere matter of
form. Another case stands upon the Calendar
involvingthe same principle. 1 tried to get the
consideration of the Senate for it at the last
session. The Senate deliberately voted, not
that they could not or would not pass it, but
that they would not hear it, and it went over.
That was the case, not of a woman, but of a
man.
Mr. POMEROY. This is none the worse
for being that of a woman.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; I do not suppose it
is any the worse for being that of a woman. I
simply wish to say that this case was not se-
lected and put forward. It was taken up here,
at the instance of Senators on this floor, on my
motion; and I made the motion at the instance
of others, and without having any opinion as to
the merits of this particular claim itself. The
debate started off upon the question whether,
the claimant being loyal, we should pay for
this property. In that debate I have taken an
interest, and that iuterest has not abated at all,
aud will not until this case is settled.
Mr. PO MEROY. The Senator agrees with
me. I only said it had been treated by the
Senate as a test case. The argument, day after
day, has been on the ground that it involved
the principle of paying the claims of loyal
men in the South. But now I am informed by
the committee that they have never reported
this case. If this case has not been reported
and recommended by the committee, then, of
course, we ought not to pass upon it ashaving
had the adjudication of the committee. I think
I must be wrong. Do I understand the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin to say that the committee
never reported this case ; that they never au-
thorized its report?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; the Senator, if he
understands me to say so, misunderstands me.
What I meant to say was, that the comiriittee
did not express an opinion on the merits of
the case, but consented that it might be re-
ported as a matter of form. I stated this
to the Senate the other day, for the Senate to
puss upon, because one committee of yonrs
had already fully examined it and futly re-
ported it. and the Senate had passed it. We
were the less reluctant to report it pro forma
on account of those facts.
Mr. POMEROY. Without designing to
evince any hostility to this claim, for I have
not fin}'—i know nothing about the merits of
the case—I merely say, from the papers before
us, the Senate having taken it as a test case, it
is a most unfortunate one, because loyalty has
not been proven. I do not pretend to say that
it is a claim which ought not to be paid. I only
say that upon the case as it stands it cannot be
paid, if we intend to pay only those-who prove
their loyalty. It is a case that cannot'be paid
on any such ruling as that, because the loyalty
of this claimant is not proven. It is inferred ;
it is stated that she is loyal so far as anybody
knows. Persons say they think she is loyal;
bat there is no positive proof, nothing that
amounts to proof, nothing that is intended for
proof, nothing thatjs addressed directly either
to the committee or Congress ; and it is a sig-
nificant fact that the claimant in her petition
does not pretend that she is loyal. She refers
to the life, character, and serviceaof her father,
which, I understand, were very much distin-
guished and very meritorious, and as a citizen
of the United States the inference is that she
was also faithful to the Government, as was her
father, but it is not claimed in so many words.
Mr. President, I have occupied much more
tim% than I intended when I rose. I only
intended to speak f°r a moment on this ques-
tion. I desire simply to say in closing, ex-
pressing no opinion whether this claim ought
to be paid or not, that the loyalty of the claim-
ant is not proven. There was no evidence
before thecommittee, and there is none before
the Senate, on that point. If there was verbal
testimony it is not here, and I do not know
what it was. The committee say now that they
did not recommend it on its merits, and the
case standing in that attitude 1 say it cannot
be voted upon intelligently by the Senate if the
intention is simply to pay the claims of loyal
people. If those who are anxious to pay the
claims of loyal people rest their cause on this
case they have a most uncertain foundation.
When that cause is to be tried here, let it be
tried on a case of unquestioned loyalty, on the
case of one who has devoted everything—and
there are plenty of them—to the Government
of his country, to the cause of the Union; and
then you will find a response from th's Senate
and from the loyal people of the country that
cannot be mistaken. But if you rest your cause
upon a case not proven, on a case where loy-
alty is only to be inferred, upon a case where
the committee will not report upon the merits
of it, you must expect that those who would
vote for the payment of the claims of loyal
people under ordinary circumstances cannot
do it in this case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
such is my respect for the Committee on Claims,
and especially for those members of it who
advocatethe passage of this claim, that 1 should
ou any ordinary occasion feel disposed to vote
for anything that they proposed without even
examining it; but having looked over some-
what the grounds of this particular claim, and
seen, to some extent, its extraordinary reach,
I must confess that. I desire these gentlemen,
at least, to pause long enough to allow the Gov-
ernment time to make its last will and testa-
ment before they pass this claim. If these
gentlemen were sure to be always controlling
the Committee on Claims there might, perhaps,
be somewhat less of danger in the passage of
this bill than there will be, taking the world as
we know it is and the brevity of the service
of any Senator on that, hard worked commit-
tee; for if this claim should be passed we shall
not see the end of this class ol claims forthirty
years, and, I very much fear, not until the whole
southern country will become debauched by
this class of claims. They dot over the face
of many thousand square miles of territory,
and will largely depend upon the oaths of men
interested iu the same description of claims.
We may be sure that there will be tough bwear-
ing and plenty of it before the end is reached.
No section of our country ought to be subjected
to so great temptations._
The test put forwaid is one of loyalty; that
is to say, if the party whose property has been
taken or destroyed is loyal then he has a law-
ful claim against the Government. \\ hat thin
partitions divide Senators' ideas of loyalty !
Would the Senators on the other side of the
Chamber agree with Senators on this side as
to what was loyaltyV Not at all; aud if that
question should come up are we to take all
the women in,the southern country who were
minors during the rebellion and assume that
they were loyal because they could not. bedis-
loyal? If property.in their haiids is to bejoade
safe because they are minor?, then wo shall
have a great inany minors. T^lse this very
case, as I understand the facts t,o be narrated
or as I have heard them reported. . The real,
owner of the property was a distinctly pro-
nounced disloyalist; but when ou,r Army ap-
proached Decatur the property was made over
into the hands of this beautiful and heroic lady,
according to the language of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] in order to rescue it
from confiscation.
Mr. HOWE. How did you ascertain thftt?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is the
common report here in relation to it as 1 have
heard it repeated here again aud again, and I
think it maybe as well founded as.anything
establishing her loyalty prior to the taking
possession of her property. I do not under;
stand that she iuheritetf^fcfep roperty from any
ancestor, hut that it .W6S.jS0 transferred just
prior to the occupancy of Decatur by our
troops. Mr. President, I do not propose, for
one, to do anything that shall bring a stain, of
dishonor upon the credit of the country ; but
a claim not proven, presented and not allowed,
is not a debt against the country;.and I think
that we are in duty bound to look and see l,iow
far these claims are going to reach. It they
are not Just and legal it will be a stain upon
us to allow them to pass. Take the case of an
individual who may owe honestly and fairly a
debt, but when the time comes for payment
he finds his children starving for bread, shall
he expend his last dollar tp pay his debt, or
shall he pay it out for bread for his children?
Our national debt is about as much as we
can find the means to pay. Add to the load,
and we may break down. Let us pay what we
have pledged our faith to pay before we rashly
assume doubtful claims the extent of which no
man can calculate.
Mr. SPENCER. I think the houorable Sen-
ator from Vermont is mistaken in stating that
the property was transferred to Miss Sue Mur-
phey shortly before the Federal forces took
possession of Decatur. My understanding is
that this property was bought many years ago
under an order of the court by the administra-
tor, long previous to the war, for Miss Mur-
phey and her sister.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know anything about the facts, but I have
heard, at least half a dozen times, the statement
made as I have related it. May I ask the Sen-
ator if the title to the property for any length
of time prior to the occupation of Decatur
stood in the name of Miss Sue Murphey V
Mr. SPENCER. That is my understanding.
I believe it to be so, and it has been for years.
Mr. MOltRILL, of Vermont. But, Mr.
President, as I was saying, if a party owing
an honest debt should be so circumstanced as
that it would necessarily produce starvation in
lus family if he paid it he would be in duty
bound to take care of his family first. Now,
the question is, if we assume the whole burden
of the claims that can be brought forward on
the same basis as this claim, shall we not bank-
rupt the Government, aud when our brethren
from the South come here, as they do now,
and vote for it, will they not endanger the
power of the Government, in case of a subse-
quent rebellion, about raising the means to j)ut
it down? I think that for their own security
they cannot afford to ask the Union men of
the North to put down the rebellion an.d then
to follow us with a bill of damages for doing it.
Take the case of the Shenandoah valley.
There are millionsof claims for property there,
presenting, if not identically, the same basis as
this, perhaps even stronger claims -upon the
Government to pay, where some of the parties
were Quakers and were known tobe.from first
to last thoroughly Union, men. Take all the
raids under the gallant.Sheridanr—are nre now
to pay all costs and damages? lake the case
of thousands and thousands of women from the
