1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Niagara Ship-Canal—Mr. Humphrey.
Ho. of Reps.
In view of the long suffering, privations, and
persecutions to winch the loyal citizens of
Alabama have been subjected, it would almost
appear to be a work of supererogation to ask
Congress for such a recognition of the justice
of their claims as has been granted to the loyal
claimants of Tennessee and West Virginia.
Four fifths of the loyal claimants in Alabama
are small farmers of moderate or limited
means. Their claims are generally small. Bat
though srnail they are very much needed.
They are in many cases small when compared
with the resources of the Government to pay,
but large in many cases when compared with
the ability of the claimants to lose their claims.
Tbeir property that was taken for the use of
the Army was such, in many eases, as was in-
dispensable for the support of their families.
In many eases their horses, mules, cattle,
hogs, and corn were all taken, and they were
thus left without, the means of making a sup-
poit for their families. Even the families of
Federal soldiers who were at the time fighting
the battles of the Cniou were thus stripped
and left dependent upon the charity of their
more fortunate rebel neighbors.
In the latter part of March and beginning of
April, 186-3, United Stales troops under th«
command of General Wilson marched through
the very heart of Alabama, from the Tennes-
see river on the north to the Alabama river on
the south. They lived on the country through
which they passed, giving no receipts or vouch-
ers for any of the property used or taken by
the Army. The Union people were generally
the greatest sufferers, because they would not
conceal their property, while the rebels, when-
ever they had limely warning, would usually
carry their property off to remote and secluded
localities and conceal it on the approach of the
Army. All that these Union men ask is sim-
ple, even-handed justice. They have commit-
ted no crime: they have forfeited no rights;
they firmly adhered to the Government, so far
as adherence was practicable, through good
and evil report. They were the friends of the
Government before the war and during the
war, and are the friends of the Government
to-day, and, if need be, would fight in its
defense.
This joint resolution is no party measure,
nor is it to be considered in the light of policy
or expediency merely. It is a measure which
addresses itself to the justice, magnanimity,
and liberality of Congress. The reasons
which induced Congress to extend the benefits
of the law of July 4, 18f>4. to the States of
Tennessee and West Virginia are equally
forcible in the case of Alabama. The pro-
visions of the law have been justly and wisely
extended to those States without any import-
ant losses or any serious detriment to the
interests of the Government. It is believed
that the aggregate amount of loyal claims in
Alabama is considerably less than it was in
Tennessee, and that the payment of fraudu-
lent claims can be guarded against with as
much facility and efficiency in the former
State as in the latter.
Congress has hitherto responded promptly
and very favorably to the appeals of the loyal
citizens of Alabama in matters of political re-
construction. For this the loyal citizens of
that State are profoundly grateful. A few of
these same loyal citizens again appeal to Con-
gress for some degree of financial reconstruc-
tion. Their property has been taken and used
by the United States Army. They appeal to
Congress for compensation. It is confidently
hoped and believed that this last appeal will
be met with the same promptness and the same
spirit of liberality that characterized the re-
sponses to their foimer appeals. The sectional
and discriminating features of' the law being
removed, the long-neglected and downtrodden
Unionists of the South will thus have cause to
rejoice that, their sufferings and sacrifices in
behalf of an imperiled Union have not becnia
vain ; that their faith and confidence in the jus-
tice and beneficence of the Government have
not been misplaced. They will thus have fully
realized that this great Government of the peo-
ple, for the people and by the people, knows no
North, no South, no Bast, no West; that the
rights, interests, and welfare of all sections are
equally favored and equally protected.
Niagara Sbip-€anal.
SPEECH OP HON. J. M. HUMPHREY,
OF NEW YORK,
In the Hotjse op Representatives,
January 14, 1869.
The House having under consideration bill No.
1212, to provide for the construction of a ship-canal
around the Falls of Niagara—
Mr. HUMPHREY said:
Mr. Speaker : In the discussion of this bill
I shall not occupy any very great portion
of the time of the House in considering the
power of the Federal Government to engage
in the work contemplated by it. It is suffi-
cient for me to say that this is the first time
in the history of this country that it has been
proposed to set to work the Secretary of War
or any of the officers of the Government in
building canals or railroads. All that has been
done by the Government heretofore has been
simply to make appropriations to aid in the
construction of such works, leaving the work
to be done by the States or corporations having
that subject in charge. This bill proposes to
vest in the Secretary of War the power of going
into the State of New York, take the territory
of that State, and erect upon it a public work,
irrespective of the giving or withholding of any
approbation or consent on the part of that State.
The policy of this bill strikes at the very found-
ation of State sovereignty.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are connected with
this subject questions of a more practical char-
acter, economical questions which, iu my judg-
ment, should be sufficient to condemn a pro-
ject of this sort at the present time, when
the condition of our revenues is such that the
Government can with difficulty meet its honest
obligations incurred in carrying on the war for
its preservation. Certainly we are not now in
a condition to appropriate millions of money
upon a work in which there can be no reason-
able probability of advantage to the commer-
cial interests of the country; a work, too,
which affords every evidence of being no more
and no less than one of those schemes 'whose
projectors have been hanging around this Cap-
itol during the last three or four years asking
aid from the Government, because individual
capitalists will not consentto be plundered and
robbed by them.
By the first section of this bill it is proposed
that the Army shall be taken to the frontier,
and there, under the control of the Secretary
of War, shall go to work and build this canal.
I am not. aware that there is more than one
instance in the history of our country when
the Army has been employed in digging canals,
and that instance was one not very satisfactory
in its results. But it is unnecessary for me to_
point out the impracticability and absurdity of
this proposition. It was incorporated in this
bill only as a screen to prevent this House
from seeing its real objects and purposes, as
the skillful hunter disguises his person so that
he may better take his game.
Mr. "Speaker, let us consider for a moment
whether this bill does not come here under a
false and fraudulent guise ; whether it is not
one of those schemes which should receive no
support in any shape or form from Congress.
1 agree with everything that has been said by
my colleague [Mr. Vax Hokx] in relation to the
duty of the Government to afford all the aid it
can within its constitutional powers for the pur-
pose of enlarging our borders, for the purpose
of facilitating commerce—ay, for the purpose,
if you please, of protecting us from the incur-
sions of our enemies. Tue gentleman talks
about this beinga "military necessity." Why,
Mr. Speaker, if war were declared to-morrow
between Great Britain and the United States,
there are Irishmen enough upon our borderto
take possession of Canada in less than twenty-
four hours. Why, sir, this has been one of our
great difficulties in keeping out of war. Within
the last two years the exercise of the whole
power of the Government has been required for
the purpose of preventing the Fenians from
taking possession of the Canadian territory.
Yet now, when we are, as I suppose, under
the reign of peace, we are asked to expend
$12,000,000 for the purpose of defending us
against this feeble colony of Great Britain. It
is idle to talk about danger from that source.
It can be done only for the purpose of bringing
about results which, if the real state of the case
were known, would not be countenanced for a
moment by any intelligent or honest man.
It is a well-known fact that there are schemes
before this House that will involve the expend-
iture of two or three hundred millions of dol-
lars ; and, Mr. Speaker, this scheme is presented
as one fitted to take the lead of them all. There
are appropriations asked for for the several
Pacific railroads. One wants $66,000,000 ;■
another wants $50,000,000. And I say to the
House that, if we shall pass this bill we are
pledged in honor or at least in consistency to
stand by all the rest of the swindling schemes
that may be presented.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in connection with the
practical questions involved in this subject, it
will take but a moment to present such facts as
must, it seems to me, cause this House to hesi-
tate before adopting any such measure. What
are they? Why, sir, this is a proposition to
connect Lake Erie with Lake Ontario by the
building of a canal through the State of New
York from one of these lakes to the other.
It is a scheme which the gentleman who pre-
ceded me says was agitated as early as 1«08.
It has been agitated ever since by a few iuter-.
ested speculators, but it has n§ver attained
sufficient importance in the judgment of cap-
italists to secure a combination of capital suffi-
cient to organize a company to build it. Nay,
these speculators themselves either would not
or could not raise sufficient money to pay the
expense of such organization. Does auy.man
suppose that in the great State of New York,
with more railroads than any other State, with
more money invested in canals and railroads
than all the other States of this Union,.if this
work was feasible and would afford any profit
to the men and capital engaged in its construc-
tion it would remain entirely untouched dur-
ing more than a quarter of a century ? I say,
sir, that the very fact that it has not been is the
very best evidence that it cannot be made of
any possible utility or benefit to commerce.
A bill for the building this canal the House
passed in the Thirty-Ninth Congress. It pro-
vided for the organization of a company, and
appropriated §ti,000,000 of the public money
for the purpose. But mark! it was on this
condition: that the company should expend
So00,000 before it should be entitled to a cent
of the public money ; and that it should go on
expending $1100,001} and receiving $200,000
until the $t).000,000were expended. That bill
went to the Senate, where it was never finally
acted upon. Whatis the reason that the same
bill is not introduced here again ? Why should
the frieuds of this scheme present a different
one ? 1 will tell the House why. it was be-
cause when they began to talk to capitalists
about subscribing and putting their own funds,
dollar for dollar, with the Government into the
scheme they could not get theni to do it; and,
sir, it is for that reason that they preseut this
bill making an appropriation of §12,00o,0p0
from the national Treasuiy sufficient to pay for
the whole work. l)oe.-> y man doubt, it this
