54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Niagara Ship-Ganal-^-Mr. Humphrey.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
work could be made profitable, if it could be
made useful, that tlxere are capitalists in this
country who would have been glad to have
taken stock in a company where the Govern-
ment paid half the expense? This, then, is
another evidence that instead of being a work
of merit, it is a scheme of demerit entirely,
from the beginning to the end.
Again, Mr. Speaker, there are facts within
the knowledge of every business man, demon-
strating beyond the power of contradiction that
this measure has no commercial value or im-
portance whatever. I ask the attention of
this House to some of them. The Welland
canal through Canadian territory, connecting
these two lakes, has been built upward of
twenty years. It is of larger capacity than the
New York canals, being sufficient to pass ves-
sels of six hundred tons burden. The tolls
are only enough to keep the canal in repair,
and to pay for its superintendence; and what
are the facts in reference to that canal ? Since
1864, instead of the business of that canal in-
creasing, it has fallen off. It has fallen off,
sir, twenty per cent, since 1864, and this canal
was built by the Canadian Government to ac-
complish the same purpose of this Niagara
ship-canal; that is, of enabling the commerce-
of the West to pass from Lake Erie to Lake
Ontario without change of vessels. By the
report of the Canadian Government for the
year 1867 in reference to the trade on this canal
I find the following statement.:
Total movement of property, passengers, and vessels on
the Welland canal for the fiscal year 1867, and the
three preceding years ending the 30th of June.
1864. 1865. 1866. 1867.
Total tons 1,146,722 868,078 980,178 916,252
Total number of
passengers  7,698 7,263 9,387 7,173
Number of ves-
sels and boats
of all kinds  7.443 6,347 6.149 5,405
Total tonnage.... 1,332,837 1,135,806 1,077,314 993,93S
Percentage of decrease of 1867 compared with 1864
20 10 per cent.
Showing a falling off of a little over twenty
per cent, in four years in the business of a
canalconnectingthesamewaters and accommo-
dating the same commerce that the Niagara
ship-canal will if it is ever built. Does this
Government wish to engage in such an unprofit-
able undertaking? I hope not. But, sir, how
is the commerce of the West to be benefited
by building this canal? True, it can pass by
it from Lake Brie to Lake Ontario without
change of vessel, but it will not then attain
any wider range of markets or diminish the
existing rates of freight or other obstacles in
reaching our own or foreign markets. The St.
Lawrence river is not navigable from Montreal
to Lake Ontario. There are forty-three miles
of canal with twenty-six locks owned by Cana-
dians, and upon their own territory, through
which every vessel must pass before reaching
the Atlantic ocean. And still it is gravely
urged by the supporters of this bill that to
build this canal with no outlet to the ocean
except through a hostile or at least a foreign
country, and through canals built by and sub-
ject at all times to the control of that foreign
Government, which may whenever it sees fit
exclude our commerce from them entirely by
excessive tolls or otherwise, is a great national
work and must be built by the Government
out of the national revenues ; but if we owned
the St. Lawrence river and its canals, before
this ship-canal would be available for western
commerce these Canadian canals would re-
quire to be enlarged at an expense of not less
than $30,000,000.
Sir. may it not be a part of this scheme to
first commit our Government to the construc-
tion of this canal and then, after we have ex-
pended so much money for a work wholly
unavailable to our commerce without the free
use of the Canadian canals, to use it as an argu-
ment to force upon this country another treaty i
giving Canada the free use of our markets in
consideration of the right to use their canals?
There are now upon the files of this House two
reports, sent here by the honorable Secretary
of the Treasury made by Mr. lirega, who, I
am informed, is the agent here of the Canadian
Government, in the interest of a proposed
treaty. The statements made and arguments
used in these reports have led me to believe,
and I doubt not will convince any member of
this House who may read them, that the Cana-
dian Government is deeply interested in the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Will my
colleague yield to me for a moment? Do I
understand my colleague to say that I am in
favor of the revival of this reciprocity treaty
with the Canadian Government, and that this
bill is part of it?
Mr. HUMPHREY. I say that this scheme
is a part of it.
Mr. YAN HORN,, of New York. I say
that myself and friends are opposed to it.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I say that this is a part
of that scheme. Mr. Brega, it is said, is here
with British gold to revive that reciprocity
treaty.
In regard to the question of military neces-
sity I will read an extract from an article writ-
ten by a prominent citizen of Canada upon this
subject. ' He says:
"Another argument against the theory of a new
nationality is the exposed and defenseless condition
of the colonies. The territorial formation of British
North America presents an insurmountable obstacle
to its defense against the United States. With three
thousand miles of a frontier bordering upon a pop-
ulous nation, with whom a casus belli might arise at
anytime.it would be utterly impossible to defend
this country. Very reliable authorities arc quoted
in support of this generally conceded position, among
which is Hon. Mr. Aytown, in the imperial Parlia-
ment, who said: 'He never had met with any man
not a member of the Government who considered
that it was possible to defend Canada against an at-
tack in force by theUnited States;' and the decision
ot the writer is, that 'if British North America can-
not be defended it cannot exist as a separate or
dependent State.'"
Mr. Speaker, in view of the fact that this work
can afford no relief to the commerce of the
West, in view of the fact that it is a part and
parcel of the schemes of plunder which infest
this Capitol, it seems to me it is time that we
should consider whether we have got so much
money that we can afford to invest it iu the
manner proposed by this bill.
I am aware that it is supposed that the Rep-
resentatives of the great West, being so deeply
interested in any measure which proposes to
cheapen transportation to the East, will favor
this project without stopping to consider its
practicability. This is one of the reasons why
it is presented as the pioneer of all these
schemes. I agree that the West should have
every facility possible to reach the markets of
this country and of Europe. But upon the
question whether this canal will cheapen trans-
portation I desire to call the attention of the
House to the fact that this canal simply enables
the produce of the West to go to Lake Onta-
rio without reshipment, and from there it must
find its way to New York or some other mar-
ket by the present routes. As 1 have already
said, it cannot go from Lake Ontario out
through the St. Lawrence river to a foreign
market except by the canals of Canada, which
must be first enlarged before they can afford
any outlet for that trade. This is one route.
The other is by way of the Oswego and Erie
canal or the Champlain canal, or by railroad
to New York city.
It will not be pretended that property can
be carried by railroad from Lake Ontario to
New York city, a distance of between three
and four hundred miles, as cheap as from Buf-
falo to New York by the Erie canal. Neither
can it be carried by way of the Oswego and
Erie canals and Hudson river or the St. Law-
rence river, Champlain canal, and Hudson river
to New York as cheap or quick as by the Erie
canal and Hudson river via Buffalo. The dis-
tances are greater, and the tolls and freights
charged for the last twenty years more by the
first two routes than by the last, the Buffalo
route. The carrying capacity by the Oswego
and Buffalo routes is the same, but by the St.
Lawrence and Champlain route much less, it
is apparent, therefore, that unless the Federal
Government proposes to constructa ship-canal
from Lake Ontario to the Hudson river, a dis-
tance of one hutidred and eighty miles, the
Niagara ship-canal, when completed, will not
afford any relief to the western commerce,
either by increasing the capacity for its transit
or cheapening the cost to the markets of our
own or foreign countries.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to^ put a question right here for my own inform-
ation ?
Mr. HUMPHREY. I will allow a question.
Mr. LOGAN. Why is it that wheat raised
in California sells at a lower price in Boston
than^wheat raised in Illinois and Indiana, and
flour also ? Is it not the fact that water trans-
portation 
Mr. HUMPHREY. I prefer to answer the
question.
Mr. LOGAN. Then allow me to add another
question. If the enlargement of this canal
will decrease the length of railroad transporta-
tion between the West, or between Lake Erie
or Lake Michigan and the East, so as to reduce
it, according to thegentleman's own argument,
to only two or three hundred miles by railroad,
and if transportation by water is cheaper than
by railroad, would it not to that extent advance
the interest of the agricultural community,
and in fact of the whole people of the western
States?
Mr. HUMPHREY. The gentleman asks
why the freights from San Francisco to New
York are less than from Chicago to New York.
It is for the same reason that freights from
New York to Liverpool are less than from Chi-
cago or Milwaukee to New York city, although
the distance is much greater. There is a much
larger amount of property shipped from New
York to San Francisco than is brought back ;
consequently freights outward are much higher
than on the return cargoes. Our eastern prod-
ucts are sent to California, and the ships in
returning bring next to nothing, so that Cali-
fornia wheat, as well as all other property, is
brought back at merely nominal cost. Just so
it is between New York city and Liverpool;
the freight brought here far exceeds, both in
amount and cost, that sent back. That is why
New York city is the great market of this coun-
try for the products shipped to foreign coun-
tries. You can get at any time grain and flour
carried from New York or Boston to Liverpool
for less than you can get it carried through the
waters of any one of the western lakes. Thus
much in regard to the first question.
Now, then, for the next question. Add the
freight and tolls from Lake Erie to the city of
Oswego on the Welland canal and Lake Onta-
rio to the charges on the three hundred and
fifty miles of railroad from Oswego to New
York city together, and it will exceed, by a
very large percentage, the cost of freight and
tolls from the city of Buffalo by water all
the way to New York. That answers the
gentleman's other question, as 1 understand it.
Now, for the purpose of furnishing a test in
regard to this matter, [ want to call the atten-
tion of the House to a comparison of the cost
of transportation from the city of Chicago to
the city of New York by way of the Welland
canal and Lake Ontario, and the Oswego and
Erie canal and the Hudson river, and by the
way of Buffalo through the Erie canal and the
Hudson river; and if there is nothing gained
by the Welland canal route now, how can we
expect to gain anything by building another
canal, which will leave the produce in precisely
the same place where the Welland canal leaves
it? The building of a second canal, connect-
ing Lakes Erie and Ontario will certainly not
