1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12S1
rnptey. There is, in my judgment, no good
reason why we should hesitate to withhold our
sanction of this legislation. Why should we
depress the business interests of our own peo-
ple? If we last summer gave them nine months
time that they might he the better enabled to
pay this tax, I do not see why the same rea-
sons should not now apply for a further exten-
sion, when asked, as it is in this ease, by men
of credit and integrity in their dealings with
the Government. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that
the amendment proposed by my colleague [Mr.
Kelley] will be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to modify my
amendment by adding to it the following :
Provided, That there shall be paid on the with-
drawal of said whisky an additional tax equal to one
half per cent, per month of the tax from and after
the 29th of April, 1860.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that if we adopt
any such proposition the additional tax will
be very much more than that.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. O'Neill] exemplifies very strik-
ingly the construction which is sometimes given
to the old adage, "one good turn deserves
another." The burden of hisargument seems
t.o be that because we have already indulged
the'se gentlemen with nearly a year's time in
which to get their whisky out of bond we ought
now to give them another indulgence of the
same kind. That is the whole drift of the
gentleman's argument.
Now, sir, it is urged that we should in con-
sidering this proposition look upon the subject
this year just as we did last year. Last year,
in the summer, at the time of the passage of
the act, on the 20th of J uly, it was agreed to
give nine months to clear these storehouses.
It is insisted that we should look upon this
question now as we did last summer. The gen-
tleman belongs to a class of those who repre-
sent this interest, who want us to take a new
look-out and to give a new indulgence to these
people.
What is the history of this matter? It will
be rememhered that in January more than a
year ago Congress was driven by the pressure
of conviction, as well as by the public demand,
to abandon the warehouse system and to allow
no more whisky to go into bonded warehouse
B, because the system led to the commission
of fraud and the evasion of the payment of the
tax to the Government. When we came to
pass, in July following, the bill in relation to
distilled spirits, we found these bonded ware-
houses contained something like twenty million
gallons of whisky. It was necessary to get
the tax on them. The committee first proposed
they should be immediately cleared after the
passage of the law, but subsequently we amended
that so as to allow one hundred days. It came
into the House, and the same plea was made
for these men as now, that time ought to be
allowed, and it was moved to that effect to give
six months. The bill allowing six months from
the passage of the act went to the Senate, and
the Senate, under the pressure brought to bear
upon it, extended the time to twelve months.
There was a differeneebetween the two Houses,
and a committee of conference was appointed,
and that committee of conference agreed to
compromise by fixing it at nine months ; that
is, nine months after the passage of the act.
The act passed on the 20th of July, 1808, and
it therefore became necessary to have these
storehouses cleared by the 20th of April, 1869.
The gentleman now proposes to extend the
time one year, there being eight millions gal-
lons still left of the twenty millions which were
contained in these storehouses. What assur-
ance have we that at the end of another year
there will not be a call for another extension?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says we
must look at it as we looked at it at the last
session. As we granted the extension then we
must grant it now, and I suppose when next
year comes we will be asked to grant another
extension. The interest of the Government
demands that we should clear all of these store-
houses at the earliest possible moment, They
are all cleared of the ordinary class of whisky,
but there is a considerable number of barrels
still left of the fine whisky with regard to which
this plea is made, and in regard to which it
only can be made. Gentlemen say it is hard
they should be compelled to take whisky out
after the passage of this act. Some of it has
been four or five years, I think, in bond. Much
of it has been many years in bond, because the
old system made no limit of time when it
should be taken out of bond. This whisky was
found there in January, 1868, because since
that time no whisky has been permitted to be
putin bond. Every gallon of whisky now there
has been there for more than a year. Recol-
lect that no whisky has been put in there since
the passage of the act in July, 1868. None
has been put in there since January, 1868.
It is said it is a hardship upon these people
because we allow a longer time for imported
liquors to remain in bond. Much of it will
have had the same time as imported liquors.
But admit it to be otherwise, it must be re-
membered that imported liquors pay a tax of
$2 50 per gallon, which is five times as much
as the tax imposed upon domestic liquors.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman will withdraw
his amendment I will renew it.
Mr. O'NEILL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BECK. I renew the amendment, and
I do so merely for the purpose of saying a word
as to the effect of the amendment proposed by
the committee. It is provided by the fifty-sixth
section of this bill that all distilled spirits not
withdrawn on or before the 20th of April, 1869,
shall be forfeited to the United States without
any limitation whatever. Now, I know the
fact to be, in my district particularly—the col-
lector of the district has so stated to different
members of the committee—that the collector
has not hadgaugers appointed to enable him to
gauge and mark the spirits, so as to be able to
take it out before that day, even if every gauger
he now has were to work night and day. When
the 20th of April comes, therefore, they will
be required to take out the whisky that has not
been gauged nor the quantity ascertained, or
it will be forfeited without any fault of theirs,
simply by reason of the failure on the part of
the Government to furnish him with gaugers
to enable the collector to comply with the law.
All these people ask is that the time may be
extended sufficiently so that they shall not be
compelled to do what is impossible. A11 liquor
made before that time has to be^gauged and
marked ; not so with that manufactured since.
We are speaking of the manufacture before
that time now, and I simply rose to read the
proposition made by all the dealers in fine
Bourbon and rye whisky from New York,
Pennsylvania, and all over the country, which
has been laid before the committee, and which
seems to me so fair that I cannot see how it is
possible that any fraud can creep in. It is
proposed that the Government shall now gauge,
stamp, and mark, and take the required bond
on the 20th of April for all that is on hand,
and that the tax shall be paid to the collector
whether the liquor is burned, used, or de-
stroyed, allowing these men to take it out as
the market shall require. The petition is in
these words:
"Your petitioners respectfully urgo that section
fifty-si-?, act July 20,1868, requiring distilled spirits
manufactured a,nd in bond prior to the passage of
said act to be withdrawn, and tax paid within nine
months from thodato thereof, under penalty of con-
fiscation, be so amended as to provide that an exten-
sion of twelve months time, after April 20,1869, shall
be given for the payment of said tax. And in order
that the Government shall suffer no loss thereby,
your petitioners propose that an additional t.iz of
ten per cent, be assessed upon the spirits referred to
in said section remaining in bond on and after the
20th of April, 1869. They ask this amendment for
thefollowingveasons: nearly all spirits now rernain-
ing in bond affected by section fifty-six consists of
Bourbon and rye whiskies of fine quality, which
are as yet unfit for nse, being mostly of the produc-
tion ofl867 and 1S68. These whiskies are used me-
dicinally and as a beverago, and arc not suitable for
consumption until they have attained two or three
years'age. Tour petitioners purchased said spirits
in good faith, prior to the passage of said act, under
an existing law which prescribed no limit to the
time for withdrawal, and predicated their action on
the supposition said spirits could remain in bond
until a deroandaroseforeonsumption. Owing to.the
general depression of business and the amount of
'illicit spirits' still m the market,, your petitioners
have been unable to make sales, except in limited
quantities. They still hold a largo proportion of
their original stock, and unless relief is obtained can
see no immediate prospect of an improvement in
trade, as many purchasers are withholding their or-
ders under the impression that as the time fo'r pay-
ment of the tax approaches they will buy at their
own prices, and if your petitioners are eompoUed
to pay tax on April 20, lS6p, many will be placed in
a position of great embarrassment, involving great
sacrifices, and compelling some to submit to the for-
feiture of their goods. The general disturbance and
disasterwliieli will inevitably follow, by enforcing
the payment of the tax at the time specified in the
act, cannot be overestimated, and your petitioners
are unwilling to believe that your honorable bodies,
after inaturo consideration, will permit them to bo
placed in this position simply in order to obtain the
tax a few months earlier than it would otherwise bo
collected in the ordinary course of trade."
Here, Mr. Chairman, with a proposition ot
that sort, to pay ten per cent, additional tax
even if it is taken out a month, a week, or any
other time after the 20th of April, when the
whisky is to be gauged and the Government
secured against any possible loss by the bonds
they propose to give, and when they had a right
to expect it to remain till the market required
it to be taken out, they ask nothing but what
is reasonable and just.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Chairman, it seems to
me this question has a history to which it is
necessary to refer before we can consistently
decide upon this proposition. As I understand,
when the first proposition in regard to the
bonded warehouses was under consideration
last summer, it was conceded on all sides that
there was from forty to one hundred million
gallons of whisky in bond. It was well known
that the amount of illicit distillation of spirits
under the two-dollar tax was very great, and
that spirits were sellingin open marketfor about
half the price of the Government tax. The bill
was first reported so as to compel the with-
drawal of spirits when the act should take effect,
but the vast amount of spirits so held in bond
rendered it impossible for the owners to with-
draw the whisky from hond and find a market.
Distillers were compelled to sell the spirits in
bond, as I understood and believe, to a very
large amount, many millions of gallons, at from
five to fifteen cents per gallon. Subsequently
the House extended the time forthe withdrawal
of the spirits and the payment of the tax.
But thatdoes not affect the principle of com-
pelling manufacturers to pay the tax on their
goods when they are ready to deliver to the
consuming public; and now it so occurs that
here is a class of manufacturers who have pro-
duced an amount of goods which the commu-
nity at that time did not require, which the
community at this time does not require, and
they simply ask that they may be allowed to
retain those goods in their own possession until
the market will take them, and then they can be
withdrawn in a legitimate manner and the tax
can be paid thereon. As I understand the gen-
eral system of collecting taxes upon other
branches of industry, this is the principle that
applies: that manufacturers are at liberty to
accumulate such an amount of stock and man-
ufactured goods as they choose, and as the
prospective interests of their department of
trade may demand, and when they have found
a market for their goods, and when they are able
to return that they have manufactured and
sold certain amounts of goods, then the tax is
levied and collectable. Now, it is utterly im-
possible for the holders of spirits at this time to
withdraw them from the bonded warehouses
and pay the tax upon the articles of their man u-
facture without an immense sacrifice, and there-
is no real advantage to the Government. The
money that may be put into the Treasury by
anticipating the ordinary monthly returns from
this branch of manufactory will simply be taken
from the manufactory of other months yet to
come. It seems to me eminently just that
the manufacturers of spirits should be entitled
to the same exemption from hardships and from
an onerous manner of collecting the duties
