1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
40th Coxg. ... 3d Sess.
Niagara Ship-Canal—Mr. Humphrey.
Ho. op Eeps.
add anything to the cheapness of freights as long
as the property must be carried from there by
the same route and the same means of trans-
portation that is used now. The cost of trans-
portation of wheat, and corn from Chicago to
New York for the year 1864, via lake and
canal, via Buffalo, was cents on wheat,
and ioi'Jfc cents on corn ; and via Oswego it
was 28;t0'(T cents 0,1 wheat, and 2o&s on corn—
saving in favor of Buffalo one tenth of a cent
on wheat, and four tenths on corn. Notice how
evenly the charges are balanced in proportion
to the work done by each route. The divis-
ions of the charges by both routes for the
average for the year were :
via buffalo.
On wheat. On corn.
Lakes freight   9,56 cents. 8.94 cents.
Canal toils 6.21 4.83
Canal and river 12.57 11.72
via osweoo,
On wheat. On corn.
Lakes freight - 15.37 cents 14.28 cents.
Canal tolls  3.54 2.75
Canal and river  9,45 8.87
Mr. CHURCHILL. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. HUMPHREY. I have not time.
Mr. WARD. I hope my colleague will be
allowed time to make his speech and to answer
all questions.
Mr. HUMPHREY. If I can have all the
time I need I am entirely willing to be inter-
rupted ; but for the present I must decline to
yield. Sir, if the Wetland canal, as I have
shown, with a capacity to pass boats of six hun-
dred tons burden from Lake Erie to Ontario,
has not cheapened the cost of the transit of
property from the West either to New York or
a foreign market, and cannot add to the capa-
city of such transit without the building or
enlarging other routes from Lake Ontario, I
ask whether it is advisable that we should
expend §12.000.000 for the purpose of open-
ing another canal between these lakes, which
cannot have any other or different effect than
the one already built ?
Mr. Speaker, it is known to every man who
has any knowledge of the trade upon these
lakes that within the last five years there has
been a great falling off in the quantity of grain
passing through the Welland canal. A rail-
road has been built by private capital upon its
banks from lake to lake, and most of the grain
destined for Lake Ontario is transferred from
the vessels at Port Colhorn, on Lake Erie, to
the railroad and carried to Lake Ontario, and
again delivered into vessels instead of using
this canal; this is done as a matter of economy
and advantage to those engaged iu the trade.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a word in rela-
tion to the bill which I have presented as a
substitute for this bill. The main features of
this substitute, as all members know who have
taken enough interest iu the matter to read it,
provides for a grant by the Federal Govern-
ment to the State of New York of the sum of
$10,000,000 on condition that the State of
New York shall enlarge the Oswego and the
Erie canals to a size sufficient to enable the
passage of vessels of two hundred and fifty feet
in length and thirty feet in breadth ; this will
make those canals sufficiently large that steam-
power may be used, an improvement which
would reduce the tolls and freights to an enor-
mous extent; it would obviate the necessity of
but one transhipment at the city of Buffalo
and at the city of Oswego from the large pro-
pellers and vessels of the lakes into boats upon
these canals, carrying six hundred, eight hun-
dred, or one thousand tons, and thence directly
to the city of New York.
Now, a word in relation to the position
which the State of New York, which I have
the honor in part to represent, occupies in re-
gard to this great question of inter-communi-
cation between the States, and particularly
between the West and the East, over our canals
and railroads. I undertake to say that there
has been nowhere, either in this country or any ;
other, a spirit and policy as wise, unselfish, and
statesmanlike in favor of national commerce
as that which has been exhibited by the people
of New York. The people of the West shou ld
not look with any degree of dissatisfaction upon
that State, for it is to its money and the wisdom
and energy of its citizens that the whole West is
indebted, more than to anything else, for the
means of becoming the great and populous
country it is to-day.
As early as 1808 some of the wisest men
who ever lived in this country, Clinton, Mor-
ris, Livingston, and others, seeing the means
of communication between the East and the
West that was offered by the natural construc-
tion of the territory of New York, conceived
the project of connecting the waters of the
ocean with the waters of the great lakes by
means of the Erie canal. They did not con-
ceive that project in the narrow spirit of local
pride or local interest, but it was in the inter-
est of the nation. They prepared a memorial,
which they came here and presented to the
Congress, setting forth the advantages of this
work, natural and otherwise, and asking that
the General Government should make an ap-
propriation for the purpose of constructing it.
They asked for aid on the ground that it was a
national enterprise. The Federal Government
approved the project, but replied to the memo-
rial that the General Government had no money
to spare.
New York was then sparsely populated and
poor, with less persons in the whole State than
now live on Manhattan Island. But those men
did not abandon this truly national work. They
went home and agitated the project until they
had aroused the interest of the people of that
State, and in 1817 a law was passed by the
Legislature authorizing the building of the
Erie canal by the State. They did not stop for
aid from the General Government. There was
not then any lobby in this Capitol urging the
Representatives of the people to let them put
their hands into the Treasury and take out the
people's money. I am sorry to say that there
is a different state of things now from what
there was then.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New Y'ork. Does my
colleague [Mr. Humphrey] suppose that we
have any lobby around this capital urging the
passage of this bill? I will only say that the
lobby is all on the other side, and the mem-
bers of that lobby are in this Hall to-day.
Mr. COYODE. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HUMPHREY. For a moment, yes.
Mr. COVODE. I wish merely to correct
an expression of the gentleman with regard to
who was entitled to the credit of originating
the communication between the waters of the
East and the waters of the West. I will state
to the gentleman that that credit belongs to
those who first contemplated the construction
of a water communication from the Mohawk
river to Wood creek, which was the pioneer
of the great enterprise which DeWitt Clinton
led when the Erie canal was constructed. It
dates back far beyond the period to which the
gentleman has referred.
Mr. HUMPHREY. The gentleman has
not informed us who those parties were. In
the act which authorized the building of the-
Erie canal one of the reasons, purposes, and
objects of the work was, as set forth in the
preamble, to enable the commerce of the West
j to reach the markets of the East. It was in the
j interest of the whole country, and not in the
j exclusive interest, of the State of New.York,
! that this great work was conceived and car-
i ried out.
! Mr. SYPHER. Will the gentleman permit
j me to make a single suggestion, which is di-
I reetly in the line of his argument? Theprod-
1 ucts of the West are now shipped to New York
j via New Orleans, and at from ten to twenty-
five cents less per bushel on grain than the cost
of tuiusporutiou ovcilaud by rail.
Mr. HUMPHREY. It is sufficient for me
to say, in answer to that suggestion, that I am
not talking about railroads. 1 am talking about
a means of communication infinitely cheaper
than railroads and infinitely cheaper than the
communication by the Mississippi river. There
are natural obstacles connected with the navi-
gation of that river which render it perhaps
impossible that it shall ever become the great
highway for the commerce of the West to the
city of New York and thence to Europe. The
State of New York built this canal within about
seven years from the time of its commence-
ment. The charges for transporting upon it
per one hundred pounds from Albany to Buf-
falo were, for the first four years, forty-nine
cents tolls and forty-five cents freight. The
State has enlarged this canal; and the charges
have been reduced in such a proportion as to
facilitate, in the very highest degree, the trans-
mission of the western produce to the eastern
markets, and at the least possible cost. What
are those charges to-day? Why, sir, on one
hundred pounds the tolls are six cents and the
freight six cents—a reduction equal to eighty-
eight per cent, on tolls and eighty-seven per
cent on freight. It is a fact known to every
man who has any knowledge of this commerce
passing from East to West that the State of
New York has reduced the tolls on the canals,
and consequently the freights, just as fast as it
could do so without levying taxes upon her
people to pay for their construction and main-
tenance.
There is another fact of the utmost import-
ance. These tolls are not subject to the fluc-
tuations of supply and demand. They are
established every spring, when canal navigation
opens, and remain the same throughout the
whole season. Upon the lakes there are times
in the fall when the freights are fourfold what
they are in the summer, the differences being
caused by the law of supply and demand. But
the State of New York, appreciating the im-
portance of these canals to the whole country,
has never taken advantage of the pressure of
business to make an increase of the rates of
tolls.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make a single
suggestion with reference to this matter of tolls
on the Erie catral. I understand that the re-
port of the auditor of the State of New York
shows that this Erie canal has paid into the
treasury of the State $15,000,000 over and
above the entire cost of the canal, including
the interest upon all the money invested and
all the expenditures by the State for repairs.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I say that the gentle-
man is mistaken on that point. This allegation
that the State of New York has been making
money out of this canal is a matter to which I
was just coming. It was built, as I have already
said, with direct reference to the commerce
outside of the State; and the lateral canals
which have been constructed have been built
for precisely the same purpose. The Erie and
Oswego canal takes the trade of the West;
the Chemung canal takes the trade of Penn-
sylvania : the Champlain canal takes the trade
of New England and Canada. The whole canal
debt is now only $10,000,000; and there has
never been a dollar of the proceeds appropriated
except to pay the debts incurred in construct-
ing and keeping in repair the canals. The tolls
have from time to time been reduced in accord-
ance with what from the beginning of these
canals down to the present time has been the
avowed policy of the State and of its leading
men. Why, sir, ia the New York constitu-
tional convention of 1867 the policy with refer-
ence to our canals was a subject of discussion,
and every prominent leading man of the con-
vention expressed himself in favor of making
the canals, as soon as the tolls had paid this
balance of $10,000,000, free, with the single
exception of levying sufficient tolls to pay for
repairs and superintendence.
This has been the policy of the State fresB
