1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
imposed on their products that other branches
of industry enjoy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MYERS. I renew it. I do not know
that I can add anything to what has been so
well said in behalf of my colleague's amend-
ment, but I desire to say that in my judgment
that which benefits the honest manufacturer is
for the interest of the Government. The dis-
tillers of the United States are now paying a
large portion of its revenues. The distillers
of fine whiskies come to us and ask that the
time for taking those whiskies out of bond may
be extended.
Now, sir, if this operates against the Gov-
ernment I am against it: but if it favors the
distillers and yet is in the interest of the Govern-
ment, aa I think it is, I am in favor of it. There
are in my district in bond about one third of
a million gallons of these fine whiskies, and the
very few men by whom they are owned come
to me and say that if they are forced now to
pay the tax and take these whiskies out of bond
they must quit the business, or at all events
they must encounter great difficulties. If we
produce that result we shall kill the goose that
lays the golden egg. These whiskies need two
or three years to ripen in order that they may
be lit for sale and use, and if the Government
drives them into the market now it may get a
large amouut of tax at the present moment
but it will destroy the business, and in the
months to come, instead of a large and regular
addition to the revenues as now, those revenues
will be decreased. I believe, therefore, that
what is for the interest of these men, whom we
find to have paid a large part of our taxes,
responsible parties who have invested large
amounts of capital in this business, is also for
the interest of the Government, and in that
view I shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. COVODE. I propose to renew the
amendment, adding ten per cent, for the time
the spirit lies in bond after the expiration of
the nine months. I do this for the purpose of
calling the attention of the committee to some
things that have been omitted in this discus-
sion. I do not know that the committee is
aware of the fact that the Government is deriv-
ing no revenue from fine whiskies, or very little,
if any; and the reason is that every person who
wants to purchase whisky of that character is
waiting till the 20th of April, when they expect
to get it at their own price.
If you give additional time, with the ten per
cent, tax added as I propose, the Government
will derive more money from the tax on fine
whiskies in March; yes, ton times as much as
they will without that extension. Parties who
wish to purchase will then go and make their
purchases, and not postpone them until the
20th of April, and the ten per cent, will yield
a sufficient amount to compensate the Govern-
ment for allowing this whisky to remain in
bond a year longer. It is the same that is paid
by dealers in foreign liquors. Not only that,
but. in my district, where nearly if not quite
one half of the entire amount of the fine whisky
of the country is made, it will be utterly im-
possible to take it out of bond and get it into
market before the 20th day of April, 1809.
You cannot get it gauged and marked by that
time. The most of that whisky is ten miles
from any railroad, and with the bad roads at
this season of the year you cannot get the
whisky hauled to the railroad and into the
market by the time fixed by this bill. You will
completely crush out the men engaged in the
business. You will be driving out of business
the best class^ of business men in my district,
that class which has paid more revenue to the
redei'al Government than any other class of
an equal number in the country.
I hope the Committee of the Whole will not
sustain the proposition of the Committee of
V\ ays and Means. I hope they will be more
considerate m view of saving that class of men
who have acted in good faith, who aided the
Government through the war, and still continue
to do so. Drive them from the business, and
who will get possession of it? The city sharp-
ers and shrewd moneyed men, who will get the
whisky at their own price. That class of dis-
tillers in my county, of whom I speak, were
almost driven to the wall last summer when
this policy was inaugurated. They were forced
to suspend operations, some of them with hun-
dreds, yes, thousands of hogs on their hands.
And as they could not sell their hogs and did
not have the slops to feed to them, they had to
feed their corn to them, instead of distilling it,
to save the lives of their hogs. And thus they
lost thousands of dollars by being compelled
to follow that course. And not only that, but
they were prevented from grinding flour in
some of the mills where they had been in the
habit of carrying on their distilling. And in
my district some of the best flouring milk are
in the same buildings with the distilleries, and
the whole people of that portion of the country
were dependent on those mills for their bread-
stuffs. I appeal to this committee to let up,
and not drive these men to the wall. I talk
understanding^ on this subject, for I know all
about it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to bring this mat-
ter to a close, but before doing so I will make
a few words of reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] who last addressed
the committee. It is news to me that the
country has been mainly sustained during the
late trying war, and all of the perils through
which we have passed, by the distillers of the
country. 1 had thought it was somewhat other-
wise, and that those men were making money,
while others were spending it in support of the
Government. But the answer to all that is to
be found in the fact that there is—I was about
to say not more than one distiller—and I will
say there are probably not more than three dis-
tillers in the United States interested in this
question.
Mr. COVODE. There are sixteen of them
in my district alone.
Mr. SCHENCK. Exactly; but they have
no whisky in bond. There are twenty-six
distillers in my district, and I wish there were
not one. This does not relate to distillery
warehouses, and to whisky owned by distillers.
It is the whisky in bond, and which has been
in bond ever since and long before July, 1808.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly, if I have made
any mistake.
Mr, 11ANDALL. My information leads me
to believe that a large quantity of the liquor
that seeks relief now was put in bond between
January and July, 1808.
Mr. SCHENCK. Itcouldnotgetin. Under
the act of January, 1808, we shut up the bonded
warehouses, and not a gallon of whiskey could
get in since that time. Afterward in July, 1868,
we passed the general whisky law, whereby we
allowed these liquor dealers nine months more
to get tlieir whisky all out. The gentleman
talks as if we were doing some injustice to these
people. But we are simply standing by the
law as it is, which requires them to take their
whisky out of bond by the 20th of April, 18G8,
being ume months from the date of the passage
of the act of July 20,1808. Gentlemen want to
change that and give another year's extension.
But this is not, I repeat, a matter which affects
the distillers at all. It affects those owners
of whisky who, ever since January, 1808, or
earlier, have been "carrying" whisky, as it
is termed, owning it in the bonded warehouses
of the United States. There are not probably
three distillers in the United States who are the
owners of any such whisky. The whisky which
they own, and which they have made since
the 20th of July last, is in the distillery ware-
houses if it be in warehouses at all. It is not
in the bonded warehouses; and hence the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
is entirely mistaken in the ground which he
has assumed as the basis of his argument.
It seems to me, however, that we have dis-
cussed this question upon both sides long
enough; and I therefore ask unanimous con-
sent to stop debate on this particular amend-
ment.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object. I want to be
heard about a minute on this question.
Mr._ SCHENCK. Well, I will wait five or
ten minutes longer, and then move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing de-
bate.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, while I
have great confidence in any statement touch-
ing this subject, which may be made by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, still I believe he is mistaken in the
position he takes that the distillers have no
interest in this question. I have had many
letters from gentlemen interested in the distill-
ery business in various parts of Ohio and
western Pennsylvania, and they unite in say-
ing that the distillers are interested in this
question, and that it will be ruinous to them
to be obliged to withdraw their whisky from
bond by the 20th of next April. Gucken-
heimer & Brothers, the extensive distillers in
Pittsburg, assure me that it will be impossible
for them to get their whisky out of bond by
the 20th of next April. They are now making
hundreds of barrels every day, and they sim-
ply ask that they shall not be driven out of
business. This will also apply to distillers in
my own district. They are now paying their
taxes fairly to the Government; there is no
allegation that they are defrauding the reve-
nue. I insist that we ought to give these men
a fair chance. The men whose interests are
involved in this question are not those who
bought whisky after the tax was reduced and
then stored it; for in any event they are safe.
But if you require the whisky now in bond to
be taken out by the 20th of next April you
bring financial ruin upon the distillers. There
is no question about this. I have no time to
discuss the matter at length ; but I beg the
committee not to adopt legislation which in
its effect must cripple these men.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
that if lie will look at the act of January, 1858,
he will find, I think, that the practical effect
of that act was simply that the distillers should
not put any more whisky in bond after that
time.
Now, I wish to say a word more. Many of
the merchants who are asking this relief do
business in the district which I have the honor
to represent here. Hence I am familiar with
their mode of doing business. This House, in
my judgment, should recognize the fact that
these men who are interested in high-priced
liquors which come into competition with the
foreign article arc not to be classified with men
distilling whisky nor condemned as you would
condemn those who defraud the Government.
They are not of that class. There are distill-
ers, men who deal in whisky, who are engaged
honestly in this manufacture, who will pay fifty
cents a gallon or one dollar a gallon or what-
ever tax Congress may impose upon it. It
does not matter to them, as they have no in-
tention of defrauding the Government. Now,
these gentlemen come to Congress, and what
do they ask? They ask what in my judgment
we should grant them, and that is ail extension
of time for storing their fine whiskies in the
warehouses. They manufacture a class of
spirits which comes into competition with the
foreign article. Why not afford them every
encouragement to make them in every respect
like the foreign article? The foreign importer
has the right to bring his liquors here and to
keep them three years in bonded warehouses.
I should like to know why our domestic man-
ufacturers who produce fine whisky which come
in competition with foreign articles should not
have the same privilege?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman willyield
to me I will answer his question. Foreign
liquors pay a tax of §2 50, while these men
only pay a tax of fifty cents.
Mr. RANDALL. The cheapness of foreign
labor enables the foreign producer to manu-
