280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
the United States did pay for houses that were
taken and torn down for the purpose of build-
ing fortifications—in one ease, I think, $29,000,
and in the other case some thirty-eight thou-
sand dollars.
I think that although it may in the end involve
the expenditure of millions of dollar's,_ per-
haps twenty millions, perhaps thirty million
dollars, where a case is made out like this of
a clean appropriation of property by the au-
thorities of the Government, made with delib-
eration, in advance, of the property of loyal
citizens, not destroyed by the accidents of
war, not destroyed in the strife of battle, not
destroyed in capturing or recapturing a town,
but absolutely appropriated beforehand, it is
our duty, as the representatives of this Gov-
ernment, to pay for it: and I think we shall
not injure our credit by doing it; nor do I
think we shall establish a precedent which in
all time to come will be injurious to this Gov-
ernment, for it does seem to me the most
dangerous precedent we can establish would
be to say to the people of the States, in all
sections of the United States, "hereafter when-
ever an insurrection shall arise we shall never
know any distinction between our friends and
our enemies." It would be a most dangerous
precedent, in my judgment, for this Govern-
ment to establish.
Mr. CORBBTT. I will now ask the gentle-
man from Wisconsin the question I desired to
ask him when I interrupted him. It is whether
the rule he lays down of a deliberate action
applies to the emancipation proclamation of
the President, whereby he freed all the slaves
of that section of the country? Does the gen-
tleman consider that a deliberate action ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not necessary to
answers question which cannot arise ; for as
the majority have accepted the fourteenth
amendment, as I understand, as a part of the
Constitution, it places that subject beyond the
reach of Congress altogether.
Mr. CORBETT. There is another question
that maybe involved in regard to the constitu-
tional amendment. The question is whether
such claims as this are not a portion of the
confederate claims that may be considered as
contracted within the confederate States, as
they were confederated together in the South?
This claim was contracted there; the property
was taken during the time that Alabama was
confederated with the ether States. Hence the
question is whether wo shall examine any of
these claims that wore contracted in those
States daring the confederation?
^ Mr. PATTERSON, of NewIIampshire. The
Senator from Wisconsin is a lawyer; [ wish
to put to him one question, He stated in the
first part of his remarks that property de-
stroyed daring the course of a battle, as a
house, for instance, should not bo paid for,
and that the owner cannot come in and ask
damages for the loss of his house. I take it,
therefore, if in the course of a battle it was
found necessary to tear down a house to throw
up an intrenchment to hold part of the field
taken, the owner could not come in and claim
damages. Now this is the case: Decatur had
been taken, and our forces found it necessary
to take Miss Murphey's house in order to put
up defenses to hold it. I want to know how
that case differs in principle from the one in
which the Senator admits damages could not
be claimed. I wish he would answer as alawver.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it grows
out of the distinction which is stated in the
authority I read from, Vattel. It is done
deliberately, beforehand, by way of precau-
tion, when no battle is raging, and it becomes
a deliberate appropriation of property; but
when a battle is raging, what may be done in
the movement of troops is a thing of accident
dependent upon the moment; and the destruc-
tion of property, then, the Government is no
more responsible for than it would be for the
overflowing of a flood that, while it is flowing,
overturns this house or overturns that. That
is my view.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
battle was not raging but it was imminent. The
country had not been secured against the neces-
sity for the employment of'military force to
protect it. And was it not just as necessary to
throw up this defense to protect Decatur, as to
keep a military force there to do it? Now, if
the Senator can justify the destruction of prop-
erty to hold a position during the progress of
a battle, the principle is precisely the same
which applies to this case.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to recommit this
bill, with the accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Claims. I do it 011 the ground
that the committee as now constituted have
not recommended the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I shall object to the recom-
mittal of the bill at the present time. I de-
sired, before this debate closed, to submit some
remarks upon the bill, and especially in reply
to the observations that have been submitted
by other Senators. '
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator desires to
address the Senate, and will move to recommit
the bill after he has completed his remarks, I
will withdraw my motion.
Mr. CONKLING. The motion to recommit
does not cut off debate.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that I might
submit my own remarks upon this motion, but
I do not design to trespass upon the attention
of the Senate again until other Senators who
desire to oppose the principle involved in this
bill have occupied such time as they choose to
occupy. I thought perhaps it was my right—I
do not know that it is—to close the debate, and
had intended to do so. If there are no other
Senators who wish to address the Senate upon
this question I am as willing to submit what I
have to say at the present time as at any other.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator desire
an adjournment?
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT' pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kansas withdraw his motion?
Mr. POMEROY. The motion is debatable,
and the Senator can make his remarks on the
motion to recommit.
Mr. HOWE. You had better withdraw it,
and then we shall ascertain whether anybody
else wants to speak.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well, I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am gratified
that the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Claims desires to complete this discussion.
I think that, under the usages and courtesies
of the Senate it is due to him ; and I ana fully
willing, so lar as I am concerned, to accord
him that position in the debate ; but previous
to his concluding the argument I ask leave to
make a few other suggestions.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator desire
to go on now or would he prefer speaking to-
morrow ? With the consent of the Senator I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time the doors were
reopened ; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January II, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for~*eference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by a
motion to reconsider, commencing with the
State of'Maine. Under this call memorials
and resolutions of State and territorial Legis-
latures may be presented.
MARY R. BROWN.
Mr. PERHAM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1600) granting a pension to Mary R. Br;wn ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
GOVERNMENT STATIONERY.
Mr. ELA introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1601)
to provide stationery for Congress and the sev-
eral Departments, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
MEDICAL STAFF OF THE NAVY.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1602) to regulate the rank of the medical staff
of the Navy; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FUR SEAL TRADE.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1603) to regulate and protect the fur seal trade
at the islands of St. Paul and St. George, in
the territory of Alaska; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
HARBOR OF NEW Y0UK.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1604) to provide for the improvement of
the harbor of New York by removing obstruc-
tions therefrom, and to secure the erection of
substantial piers and docks therein ; which wag
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read in
full. It appropriates the sum of $5,000,000
annually for twenty years for the improvement
of New York harbor by removing obstructions
therefrom and building substantial piers and
docks on the water fronts of New York and
Brooklyn, provided that if said sum shall ex-
ceed the amount of five per cent, of the receipts
of customs at the port of New York, in that
case the said amount of five per cent, on re-
ceipts only shall be so appropriated. It further
constitutes the Secretary of the Treasury, the
collector of the port of New York, the Gov-
ernor of the State, and the mayors of New
York and Brooklyn for the time being, aboard
under whose direction the said appropriation
shall be expended.
TONNAGE DUES ON CANAL BOATS.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1605) to exempt canal boats from the pay-
ment of tonnage dues; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
NEW YORK, ETC., TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
Mr. LAFLIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
160G) to authorize the New York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegraph Company to land
its submarine cable on the shores of the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
CHARLES H. PENDLETON.
Mr. LINCOLN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1607) to restore Lieutenant Charles H. Pen-
dleton to his grade in the active service of the
Navy ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PENSIONS OF WIDOWS AND CHILDREN
Mr. LINCOLN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1608) amendatory of the act of July
27, 1868, regulating pensions for the widows
and minor children of deceased soldiers ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
WASHINGTON MARKET COMPANY.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1609) to incorporate tjie Washington
Market Company ; which was read a first and
second time, and referrsdto the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
ANNA JS. PETTY.
Mr. IIAIGIIT introduced a bill (II.' II. No.
1610) for the relief of Anna E. Petty ; which
