56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
Senate.
Miss Sue Murphey—Mr. Fowler.
40th Com....3d Sess.
the beginning, and is now its policy ; and, I ask
my friends here, and I ask all the .Represent-
atives of this great nation, if we are to expend
money, whether it is not far better that, we
should do it in the same way in which it has
been done in all like enterprises in this coun-
try up to the present time; that is, to let the
appropriation be made to the State, and the
work be done through its instrumentalities,
under the condition that the State shall pledge,
before it receives a dollar of money, that upon
the repayment of the cost of these canals they
shall thereafter be forever free to the com-
merce of the world.
Mr. Speaker, instead of this Niagara.ship-
canal being a work which the commercial men
of this country are in favor of, the fact is
quite the contrary ; the men who put through
the bill in the Thirty-Ninth Congress found
that it was utterly impossible to get anybody
to invest their private funds in this specula-
tion, dollar for dollar, with the Government.
I say that fact furnishes the best evidence that
the commercial men of the country do not
regard this as the way in which the commerce
of the West, which has become of national
importance, is to be benefited or advanced.
But, sir, I have other evidence. I have before
me the memorial of the national ship-canal
convention, held at Chicago in 1863, and I
wish this House to hear the conclusion to
which these merchants and statesmen arrived.
This memorial was published by the order of
that convention, and I think my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Judp] was a member of that con-
vention.
Mr. JUDD. I was not in the country at
the time.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I know if he had been
in the country he would have been in this con-
vention and oneof its most distinguished mem-
bers, and would have fully concurred in that
memorial I have no doubt. I will read an
extract from it:
"The configuration of the North American conti-
nent presents the most remarkable adaptation to
internal commerce of any portion of the globe. The
great interior basin drained by the Mississippi and
its tributaries, with ten thousand miles of steamboat
navigation ; the lakes, with tbeir shore lines of five
thousand miles, and with more than ninety thousand
square miles of surface; these great Mediterranean
seas of the New "World can be connected with the
great river of the West by a steamboat and ship-
canal only thirty-six miles long. The outlet to the
Atlantic by the East is equally remarkable with that
of the South, and equally favorable to the commer-
cial development and unity of our country. The arm
of Almighty God cut down the barriers of the AUe-
ghanies, and ordained that the ocean tides should
flow through the highland passes of these mount-
ains. The broad Hudson, stretching away northerly
toward the lakes, pointed to the sagacious statesman
of New York the pathway to empire. The genius of
DeWitt Clinton, quick to catch the elearintimation,
consummated what nature ha,d so nearly completed
and opened the way by the New York canals from
the Atlantic to the lakes. Illinois, by the aid of the
Federal Government, followed, completing the water-
channel from the- Atlantic to the Mississippi, and
now we have only to follow the finger of God as in-
terpreted by Clinton and consummate what is so
nearly done, and we have an Ivist, and West Missis-
sippi from the Missouri to the Atlantic."
The idea of building this Niagara ship-canal
seems to be to get from Lake Brie to Lake
Ontario. Our effort should rather be to open
up all our avenues of trade, so that whatever
commerce shall find its way into either of these
lakes can pass with the least possible expense
to the commercial center of the country, the
city of New York, soon to be the center of the
commerce and finance of the world.
Therefore it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that
if we are to engage in an enterprise of this
character, it should be the one suggested in
the substitute which I have offered for this bill.
It appeals to every interest which should actu-
ate conscientious men representing the people
in an economical administration of the Gov-
ernment,
Now, sir, as to the question whether we are
in a condition to appropriate this money at
this time I want to say a word; but before
doing so, let me state that I am opposed to the
Federal Government engaging in works of in-
ternal improvement, such as building railroads
and canals. These works should be left to the
States, with such aid as the Federal Govern-
ment may see fit to give. I believe that our
unparalleled increase i  wealth and population
is because we have recognized as a controlling
principle that each State must attend to these
matters for itseif. The States can provide for
these works by incorporating companies or
otherwise much cheaper and better than the
Federal Government had it the constitutional
power. .The canals aud railroads already built
throughout the couutry in this way furnish the
best evidence of the truth of this position ; and
the future prosperity, greatness, and power of
this country depend, inmyjudgment, moreupon
a strict adherence to this principle than any-
thing else.
Mr. Speaker, will the condition of the national
finances at this time permit us to make the
appropriation required by this bill? Upon this
subject I am happy to be able to quote the opin-
ions of gentlemen much better acquainted with
finances in general, and .especially the financial
condition of the national Treasury, than I am.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] when the bill appropriating $6,000,000
for the improvement of rivers and harbors was
before this House at the last session, said:
" Sir, if we upon this side of the House are to stand
upon anything as to the policy upon which we pro-
pose to go into the next campaign itis upon economy
of administration. We have only this floor to show
that desire. The ExeeutiveDepartments ot the Gov-
ernment, which substantially control the administra-
tion of the finances, are notwithin our reach or within
our couUol; and the people must look here upon this
floor as the only place where we, as a party, can ex-
hibit the principles upon which we stand.. If, then,
we vote away at this time six or eight million dollars
let me say to you that the people will say, 'With our
taxes we cannot afford to make the experiment;'
and for this reason : without arguing the question as
to whether theseexpensesare necessary orareprom-
ising great lesults or not, I say we are in no condition
to meet these expenditures. You might as well ask
one of the mill-owners of my State, who is so far in
debt that his mill is mortgaged and he cannot get
production to meet his expenditures, to go into great
expenditure to improve his property and render it
more productive at this moment. Wait until we are
able, until we are able as a people, then I will vote
for this and other expenditures of a like character."
I hope the gentleman will give this House his
present views upon the question of economy. I
want to know if he thinks, or this House thinks,
that our present financial condition has so much
improved in the past five months that we can
afford to give $12,000,000 for the purpose of
inaugurating a speculative scheme like this,
while then we could not afford to appropriate
$3,000,00f) to improve all the harbors and
rivers throughout the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Paine obtained the floor.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I ask the gentleman
to allow me five minutes more.
Mr. PAINE. I yield five minutes.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Sir, I hope this House
will heed the words of that gentleman and that
he has not forgotten them.
The distinguished gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washeurse] also opposed that appropri-
ation. He used language equally as strong as
the gentleman from Massachusetts. But, Mr.
Speaker, it was unnecessary for those gentle-
men to use such language for the purpose of
showing that this country is in a condition not
at all fitted for the expenditure of money upon
any scheme of this kind. Millions upon mil-
lions of debt is now resting upon the people.
They are beginning to feel the burden, and will
continue to for many years to come.
In view of these facts, in view of the condition
of the finances of the country, in view of the
burden of taxation that is pressing upon the
people, I appeal to members of the House
to pause before they sanction a scheme like
this, a scheme which as I have already said,
is merely the forerunnner of others of like
character.
Miss Sue Murphey.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. FOWLER,
OB 'tEKSESSEE,
In the Senate op the United States,
January 11, 1869.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(ri. No. 625) for the relief of Miss Sue Murphey, of
Decatur, Alabama—
Mr. FOWLER said:
Mr. President ; Personally I have no inter-
est whatever in this claim ; politically, I do
not care which way it is decided ; still I have
my views in regard to the justice and pro-
priety of it. The case is simply this; an
officer of the war of 1812, who served his
country faithfully, and saved a small amount
of means from his scanty earnings, purchased
a small estate for his family, which he left at
his death in their hands, supposing, of course,
that he left them and the estate in the care of
his country. The rebellion came and swept
over that section of the country, and it became
necessary for the officers of the United States
to take the home of the two children of this
officer for the purpose of erecting a fort upon
it. These are the facts so far as the parties
are concerned. It was taken in the nature of
a contract. The land and house were valugd.
A fort was built under the express direction
of the officer who had command of that place,
and the building materials were appropriated
by him. He says himself that the value of the
property was fully equal to the amount claimed.
The question now is whether this claimant shall
receive pay or not. This property was taken
in 1864.
First, let me say a word in regard to the
condition of the country at the time. In 1861
the line of the rebellion extended from, per-
haps, the Missouri river to Columbus, Ken-
tucky, through the southern part of Kentucky
to the Alleghany mountains, and then north-
east to the Potomac river and on to the Atlan-
tic ocean. As early as April, 1862, General
Grant had penetrated to Shiloh, and had de-
feated the rebel army at that place. Halleck
soon afterward took Corinth, and the actual
line of the enemy had receded from the line
already given to southern Arkansas and from
that to Corinth and east through northern Ala-
bama to the Alleghany mountains, and nearly
all of Tennessee, Arkansas, and Kentucky had
been restored to the command of the United
States. That was in 1862. Practically no por-
tion of this territory was ever afterward in the
hands of therebels except for a very short time,
and, so far as the practical question is concerned,
it was no more rebel territory than was the State
of Ohio or the State of Indiana when John Mor-
gan made his raid into those States. Practically
the rebels were excluded from every portion
of this territory at that time, so that, technic-
ally only, it may be considered as enemy's
territory ; and I shall call the attention of the
Senate hereafter particularly to this point. I
willadmit for the sake of the argument, although
I do not believe it, that the claimant here may
have been technically an enemy. Now, I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to these two
facts, that those who have opposed this claim
oppose it on the ground that this country was
technically enemy's country, and that this
claimant was technically a public enemy.
There were created during the war two
classes of claims. The one class of claims
originated from the necessity of the times. The
Government was forced to put its bonds in the
market, which were sold ata ruinous rate, and
the bondholder obtained a bond, as a general
rule, for double the amount that he paid to the
Government, and six per cent, interest in gold
on the entire sum. The sum that those bond-
holders claim from the Government amounts
to something like twenty-five hundred million
dollars. I admit, of course, that the Gov-
