1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
facture his spirits cheaper than the domestic
manufacturer. I ask why we should not grant
the same privilege under the warehouse sys-
tem to the domestic manufacturer as we grant
to the foreign importer.
Mr. SCIiENCK. When we imposed a tax
of two dollars a gallon on the domestic article
there was no limit to the time when the whisky
might be kept in the Government warehouses.
Mr. RANDALL. The tax of fifty cents a
gallon is no more than putting the American
manufacturer on a footing with the foreign
producer. If I cannot do better for the Amer-
ican distiller, I wish at least to put him on an
equal footing with the foreign importer, so far
as the warehouse system is concerned. I am
sorry to notice that there should be any dispo-
sition to give the foreign importer the advan-
tage in this respect, and I confess my surprise
that such a proposition should come from my
distinguished friend from Ohio, who gave such
aid and support to the high protective tariff
system in the past.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I want to reply to the
gentleman in regard to the law of the 20th of
January. I was partly mistaken, and so was
he. The Government at once stopped any re-
moval for distillation or redistillation or any
purpose whatever from warehouse B. Then
we gave nine months to get the liquor out, which
time we are now asked to extend.
Then in regard to these foreign importers, gen-
tlemen must remember that this foreign liquor
which has two years to remain in the warehouse
pays a tax of $2 50 per gallon. When our
domestic liquors paid two dollars a gallon we
did not have any limit as to the time when it
should be taken out of the warehouse. Now,
when the tax on domestic liquor has been
brought down to fifty cents per gallon, one
fifth of what we impose upon the foreign liquor,
I do not think there should be any objection
to our making this provision as to the time
when it should be taken out of bond. Unless
I can get unanimous consent to stop debate on
this amendment I shall move that the commit-
tee rise for that purpose.
Mr. WOOD. I object. I want to be heard
on the pending proposition before the vote is
taken.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I ask, then, by unanimous
consent, that the debate on this proposition be
closed in five minutes. I presume that will be
agreeable to the gentleman from New York.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, this calls to
my lecollection the fact that the price of
whisky at various times has been depressed or
advanced according to the legislation of Con-
gress. I am apprehensive, sir, that there have
been occasions when legislation was designed
for the purpose of affecting the value of that
commodity. I do not charge that either the
provision of this bill or the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania has any
such object in view, but I will say that our
action on this question will materially influ-
ence the price of that article. After a proper
consideration of the question, I wish mem-
bers to divest themselves of the idea that
we are called upon to legislate upon what is
ordinarily considered whisky. The principle
involved in this proposition does not affect what
we ordinarily call whisky, but the very high-
est grade of domestic manufactured spirits.
Whisky ordinarily is used for medicinal, man-
ufacturing, and chemical purposes. Tt is a
cheaper class of home-made spirits, hut the
class of distillation which is directly to be
reached and influenced is that class of manu-
factured spirits which comes directlv in cotn-
petion with foreign spirits. Hence it becomes
a very important question to be considered
whether, in manufacturing as we now do iti
this country, the finer article of Bourbon whisky,
which is becoming mucn more popular tha'u
tiie finer qualifies oi brandy, it. is proper for us
to make a discrimination againstetiijown,manr
ufacture in favor of foreign sutoofactrtire>• t «]
although I have always been opposed to the
40tu on Miss.—No, 78.
principle ol protecting our domestic or manu-
facturing interest at the expense of the com-
merce and of the revenue of the country, upon
a question of this magnitude, when we are di-
rectly in conflict with the Committee of Ways
and Means upon a question that affepts us all
so vitally as this, I am in favor of protecting
domestic manufactures.
Now, sir, what do I mean ? The law relat-
ing to the imposts revenue of the country
gives to the importer of foreign brandies
three years in which to store his liquor in a
Government bonded warehouse, and allows it
to remain there the whole period, subject to
his order, upon payment of the duty. In
nineteen eases out of twenty the importer is a
foreigner by residence as well as nationality
and political interest. He gets the benefit of
three years' credit upon his importation, takes
his liquors out at his own convenience, when
he finds a buyer, and then pays the duty to the
Government. Now, wepropose to discriminate
against the only article that is manufactured
in this country which comes directly in com-
petition with this French brandy, that is, the
higher order of Bourbon whisky. Well, sir,
we propose nowto cut them short. There are
hundreds of millions of gallons in bonded
warehouses, and by a trick of legislation we
propose that the Government shall take pos-
session of this on the 20th of April next. The
proposition on the other side is to give them, a
little extension of time.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio would give me time to finish my
remarks.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I said five minutes.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say one word in
reply to the chairman of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Unanimous consent is
asked to allow the gentleman five minutes
more. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. WOOD. The chairman of the commit-
tee, in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Randall,] said that the reason why he
discriminated against the American manufac-
facture in favor of the foreign manufacture
was that the latter paid $2 50 a gallon duty
and the former only fifty cents. Sir, is his patri-
otism measured altogether by dollars and cents?
Does he shut his eyes to the great principle
involved in this species of legislation ? Does
he shut his eyes also to the additional fact that
by this process of legislation we are denying
justice to our own and encouraging foreign
manufacturing to a ruinous extent to ourselves?
And then I recall the fact to the gentleman's
memory that the revenue derived from Bour-
bon whisky is much larger in proportion than
that derived from imported French brandy;
and the additional fact that every Bourbon
whisky distiller in the United Stales, and there
is no exception to this declaration on my part,
has paid in every instance his tax ; and I chal-
lenge any gentleman hero to produce an in-
stance where there has been any fraud alleged
against that class of distillers in the United
States, Now, I say under these circumstances
the proposition to give but one year additional
time in which to withdraw these spirits from
bond is but fair. It is just to the revenue, just
to the Government, and it is but carrying out
an implied obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment when this law was passed last Jul}'.
I yield what time I have left to my friend from
Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. I have a single suggestion to
make. The foreign brandy that is paying
$2 40 pet1 gallon costs over three dollars in the
market from whence it comes, that is, less than
one hundred per cent, of the actual value, while
our own whiskies, that are paying sixty cents
tax, directly and indirectly, coot from forty-five
to fifty cents a gallon. And while the foreign
brandy is paying nearly one hundred per cent,
on its pr-mie value, the foreign wine is paying
'from twenty-live to thirty cents a gallon, which
is less than one fourth of its prime cost. So
that the tax we are paying on pur
manufacture is a larger percentage, upon the
actual value tha<n is paid o'n imported braadies
and wines. ' ,
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. .Kelley, there were—ayes^, noes £1;
no quorum voting. • .
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. -SdHgscX
and Wood were appointed- ' ,
The committee divided; and the tellers-re-'
ported—ayes 59, noes ,4.6.
So the amendment was agreed to. i... ,
for the relief of Wright
message from the senaib. 1
^ Tlie committee rose informally; and Mr.
Ferkiss having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, a message from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, infortned the
House that the Senate had passed bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles, io -which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A bill (S. No. i
Duryea;
A bill (S. No. 890) confirming certain pur-
chases of lands in the Ionia district, Michigan,'
made by Charles H. Rodd and Andrew J,
Campean ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 195) requiring
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to transfer certain money.
internal taxes again.
The Committee of the Whole on the St$te
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. ALLISON. I offer the fallowing amend-
ment ;
^ Page 68, line four, after the word "same," insert
together with an additional tax of one cent
proof gallon in bond for each month tho same shall
remain in bonded warehouse atter the 20tli day of
April, A. D. 18(59."
I desire briefly to explain the object of that
amendment. The committee have decided that
these fine whiskies for table use ought to be
allowed to remain in bond for another year in
order that they may attain age, and therefore
value, as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] says, equal to the value of imported
brandies in this country. Now, it is well known
that the object of retaining this class of whiskies
in bond is to enable the holders of the .whisky
to realize large profits by the increase of value
upon that whisky. The Committee of Ways
and Means, knowing the uncertainty of the
Committee of the Whole, instructed me, in case
the other amendment was adopted, to offer this
amendment, which provides that for each
month this whisky remains in bond it shall pay
an additional tax of one cent per gallon, or
twelve cents per gallon per annum for thetinje
it may be in bond. That is a very small tjax
i ndeed for this class of whiskies, being the higher
order of whiskies, used exclusively for the table;
and I trust that the gentlemen who desire to
avail themselves of this privilege of holding
these whiskies in bond for a year longer will
not object to pay the small pittance of one cgat
per gallon for each month the whiskies may
thus remain in bond.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment pro forma, for the sake of saying that
although the proposed assessment is   very
heavy one, is inordinately high, still I am ready
to vote for it, and I hope that those gentlemen
who gave my amendment support will vote for
it. I believe that the welfare of the revenue
and of the trade of the country would have
been promoted by the success of my amend-
ment without such a clause as this ; but it does
accord a privilege to the domestic manufac-
turer almost equal to that we give his foreign
rival.
My friend from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] the
author of this amendment, said that we asked
the Government to lend money to the distillers;
Why, sir. we lend, I was going to say, count-
less millions of dollars through the bonded
warehouse system to put down the wages of
American laborers, by enabling the product of
the pauper labor of Europe ty.be soW *t< any
titus through three years foto bonded ware-
houses maintaiued at our expense. I have said
