&8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
Senate.
Miss Sue Murphey—Mr. Fowler.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
no new authorities or rights sprung up; the
same republican Government came back to its
faithful friends, and covered them again with.its
protecting ®gis. The laws of nations no more
supplanted the Constitution than the moon in
its transit over the disc of the sun supplants or
mars the power and functions of that luminary.
Mr. Phillimore says:
" The United States, by their inferior courts, have
deeided that when a conquered territory is repos-
sessed by its former sovereign, private individuals
acquire a right to all property that belonged to them
before itwas taken by theconqueror."—2£ay, 255.
This doctrine of constructive treason or en-
emy property would sweep away all rights, and
reduce the-people to a degradation worse than
slavery.
Confining our attention to public law, and
under the direct operation of the rules of war,
we have a definite and well-established one
applied to the question under consideration.
The regenerating principles of Christian civil-
ization have mitigated the asperities of war and
rendered men under its awful ordeal humane
toward those whom stern doty commands them
to fight. Soldiers are not the less men be-
cause the ill-advised counsels of princes place
them in conflict. So decided are the opinions
of publicists on this question that Yattel lays
down the following rule for the payment of
property taken by the Government:
" The damages under consideration are to be dis-
tinguished into two kinds: those done by the State
itself or the sovereign, and those done by the enemy.
Of the first kind some are done deliberately and by
way of precaution, as when afield, a house, or a gar-
den belonging to a private person is taken for the
purpose of erecting on the spot a town, rampart, or
any other piece of fortification, or when his standing
corn or his storehouses are destroyed, to prevent their
being of use to the enemy. Such damages are to be
made good to the individual, who should bear only
his quota of the loss, (181). But there are other
damages caused by inevitable necessify, as, for in-
stance, the destruction caused by the artillery in
retaking a town from the enemy."
The bill reported by the committee is based
upon the admitted loyalty of the claimant.
There is no question raised by them on the
ground that there has been any failure on her
part to maintain her faith inviolable with the
Government. Her duty has been constant and
complete.
How stands the case with the Government?
The insurgents take possession of the govern-
ment of the State; they overrun the country with
their armed soldiers ; they enforce compliance;
they silence all opposition; not an officer of
the nation appears : not a marshal, not a sol-
dier, not a vestige of Federal authority is left.
The people are taxed for a cause they detest;
they are forced into the army and navy of a
pretended Power. Their most sacred rights
and dearest interests are trodden in the dust.
Who, now, is to be censured? Has the long-
delayed action of the Government to preserve
its faith given it new and unknown powers over
the neglected and ruined citizen? Has its
timid action released it from its solemn con-
stitutional duties ? Has war made the nation
an irresponsible tyrant, cut loose its consti-
tutional restraints and obligations? Has it
divested the citizen of any right with which he
lias been endowed by nature, and which the
nation was formed to guard? Even the gen-
eral laws of nations hold in check the conduct
of men, and forbid either cruelty or pillage.
The generous and magnanimous barbarian re-
spects the rights of his brave foe, and would
scorn to assail his friends and allies and rob
them of their property.
What can be said of a nation's right to thus
violate her admitted duties ? If there be a dis-
tinction in actions there can be no mistaking
the relation of these parties. Bach must ful-
fill its specified and written duty. The nation
must have resources. It can take them on
one condition from its own faithful citizens.
That condition is fundamental and constantly
obligatory.
There is a solemn compact between society
and the individual that he shall retain and use
his property for his own happiness so long as
he discharges his duties to it. Society promises
protection for his property.so long as he shall
observe the conditions affixed to the tenure.
All civilized States have ''prescribed the con-
ditions under which property shall be held,
aliened, transmitted, or forfeited." " No con-
dition of enjoyment, no cause of forfeiture
which they have not specified can be presumed
to exist. An extraordinary discretion to re-
sume or take away the thing without any per-
sonal fault of the proprietor is inconsistent
with the notion of property." It is contrary
to all reason and common sense to divest him
of a right which the State was ordained to
protect for a cause over which he had no con-
trol; and which was acting against his interests,
his rights, and his will. In our Government
those rights have been carefully guarded, not
only by the common law, but by solemn con-
stitutional enactment.
It has been urged that if the property of
loyal men must be paid for the property of
rebels must likewise. There are no distinctions
between one class of citizens and the other
within the lines of the enemy. The doctrine of
writers on public law and the decisions in the
prize eases proclaim all public enemies. The
decision in favor of the payment of this case
would involve the entire amount of all property
taken and destroyed during the war.
If it were true that all are public enemies
the distinction could still be made. But it is
not true in any sense except so far as it refers
to property taken on sea. But Congress has
by its legislation made the distinction. By the
law of July 17, 1862, all the property of those
in rebellion was made confiscable. The prop-
erty of loyal citizens was protected, and has
been in all the acts of Congress and in all the
proclamations of the Executive. There is,
then, no ground to apprehend any difficulty
from this source.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question on that point?
Mr. FOWLER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the Sen-
ator to argue that there is, by reason of the
legislation of Congress, a distinction between
the loyal and the disloyal. I do not wish to
direct his attention to the question whether a
statute could be operative against the Consti-
tution, but to draw his attention to this point:
the Presidentof the United States has recenMy
put out a proclamation of amnesty to all per-
spns'whatever who were engaged in the rebel-
lion. That is more than a pardon, because a
pardon must be delivered as a deed ; it must
be pleaded, and it must be proved, whereas an
amnesty is an act of oblivion, and makes all
acts of treason as if they had never been. Now,
I ask the Senator, if that proclamation be good,
whether it does not inevitably from this time
forth sweep away all distinctions of the kind
he speaks of between the loyal and the dis-
loyal; whether by reason of that at all events
they are not washed and become as white as
any loyal person can be ?
Mr. FOWLER. I will answer the Senator
from New York in a moment; but before I do
so I should like to ask him a question. It is,
whether, that proclamation of amnesty would
relieve a person in the State of Missouri or the
State of Tennessee at this time from disabil-
ities imposed by the State in consequence of
the rebellion, and also from those disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States?
Mr. CONKLING. My impression would be
that the proclamation falls very far short of
the efiect which the Senator from Tennessee no
doubt would assign to it. If he means to argue
thatit would notreach those disabilities I should
very likely agree with him ; and so if he were to
say that it falls short of removingdisabilities of
other kinds. But my question to him was upon
the hypothesis that that proclamation is of'
virtue. If it is of no virtue, of course it takes
no effect; but if it is of doubtful virtue, of
course the question would suggest itself to the
Senate whether we had better anticipate the
determination of its effect by acting upon a
case like this ; because if we hold that this
woman, she being loyal, is entitled to recover
her damages in this case, then if the procla-
mation of amnesty is held good, even if there
would otherwise be a distinction between the
loyal and disloyal, beyond all question traitors
are put from this time out on a par with other
persons. Indeed, no person could be heard
in court to question their loyalty; because,
more than a pardon, it is an act of oblivion
which relates back and makes as if they had
not been all their derelictions against loyalty.
It is that question to which I beg to draw the
Senator's attention. What the effect will be
in that event upon the enactments or pro-
visions of States within States I am not pre-
pared to say, and should not be withoutknowing
what sort of provisions within States he means
to direct my attention to.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I believe
the Senator from New York entertains the
opinion I was about to express. A proclama-
tion of amnesty is a general pardon, which
relieves all persons embraced in it. It differs
in this respect from the special pardon, which
must be delivered to the person. It can ex-
tend only to relieve the individual from the
penalties inflicted for the crime he has com-
mitted, as treason or otherwise. It may be
plead in bar of any action that may be had
against him on account of that crime for which
he has been pardoned. It could not "restore
himto his former status if there were any dis-
ability imposed upon him either by the State
or the nation. The disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution, or by the constitutions of the States
of Tennessee and Missouri, would not be affected
by an amnesty or a pardon. It does not wipe
out all the past and make the present as if the
past had never been, only so far as the penal-
ties prescribed in preexisting laws are con-
cerned. I come now to another and a much
higher consideration of the subject: the moral
obligation resting upon the nation to preserve
good faith. So important is this iivdespotic
Governments that the idea of bad faith on the
part of the prince is not tolerated. No more
can he do wrong than the divinity he is sup-
posed to represent. The importance of pre-
serving unstained the faith of the sovereign is
so great that the standing maxim, " the king
can do no wrong," cannot in thought be vio-
lated. It is no less important, indeed, it is
far more important, to preserve the faith of
the Republic free from the appearance of evil.
The one reposes on power as well as justice ;
it addresses itself to the fears, not alone to the
wisdom of its subjects. The other commends
itself to the wisdom, virtue, and conscience
of the people. Its dignity and power reside
in its excellence alone.
There are in the hearts of all men distinc-
tions in actions. Some are approved, others
disapproved. These distinctions are funda-
mental, and no power can change them or our
innate sense of their character.
The relation of the citizen to the State is one
recognized and admitted in the hearts of all
men, the humblest as well as the most exalted.
It is as clear as the relative duties of parent and
child. The one renders obedience and faith
for protection and happiness in the enjoyment
of his God-given rights. This relation no mor-
tal or immortal power can destroy with impun-
ity. Sever it once, and then look for the end
of your civil institutions. Among the inde-
feasible rights of men that of using and enjoy-
ing the proceeds of his own labor is undeniable.
Property of all kinds is the representative of
his toil, which he treasures up for the support
of his hours of decline or for the enjoyment of
his children, dearer far than life. The Gov-
