1889.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
40th Cong. ... 3l> Sess.
Miss Sue Murphey—Mr. Fowler.
Senate.
eminent that violates its faith iri respect to the
citizen's property sets atnaughtall iaw human
and divine. In the consideration ot this qaes-
tiou faith is everything, it has led the nation
to its present position of power and useful-
ness. It has carried it successfully over every
obstacle in its triumphant history. The peo-
ple will not now abandon it for the sake of a
few millions of dollars. The Government can-
not afford to turn bandit for many thousand
millions. It cannot say there is no distinction
between right and wrong, between innocence
and crime. To take the property of a faithful
citizen without just compensation is a crime
compared with which robbery sinks into insig-
nificance. The more obscure and helpless the
citizen the more heinous and fatal is the crime
of the nation.
I stated that it had been the policy of the
Government always to respect those who were
loyal and to pay,or ai least promise to pay,them
for their property used or destroyed during the
insurrection, and I will call your attention to
the wishes of General Washington expressed in
his first message after the whisky insurrection
in Pennsylvania, in regard to this very ques-
tion :
"Among the discussions which may arise from this
aspect ot" our affairs, and from, the documents which
wiit be submitted to Congress.it willnotescape their
observation that not only the inspector of the reve-
nue but other officers of the United States in-Penn-
sylvania have, from their fidelity in the discharge of
their functions, sustained material injuries to their
propet ty. The obligation and policy of indemnifying
them arc strong and obvious. It may also merit atten-
tion whether policy will not enlarge this provision to
the retribution of other citizens who, though not
under the ties of office, may have suffered damages
by their generous exertions for upholding the Consti-
tution and the laws, Xhe amount, even if all the
injured were included, would not be great; and on
future emergencies the Government would be amply
repaid by the influence of an example that he who
incurs a loss in its defense shall lmd a recompense
in its liberality."
It appears to me, so far as these States and
their people are concerned, that if the whole
question of right and of law were set aside
the policy of the measure is sufficient alone to
recommend this claim to the respectful con-
sideration of Congress. A liberal policy would
convince them that the Government of the
United States was a Government such as they
had supposed it to be; that when it had plighted
its faith it would not violate it; that they might
rely upon the faith they had always reposed in
the Government established by the Constitution
framed by our fathers and on which they had
always relied for their protection and for their
rights. Mr. Lincoln, when he issued his proc-
lamation of 22d September, 1862, solemnly
promised—
"That the Executive would in due timo rceom-
mend that ail citizens of the United £>tites who shall
haveremained loyal thereto throughouttherebellion
shall, upon the restoration of the constitutional re-
lations between the Uuited States and the respective
State.% be compensated for all losses by acts of the
United States, including the loss of slaves.
He states distinctly in that proclamation that
he will recommend to Congress that loyal per-
sons be paid for all losses by acts of the United
States, including even the loss of slaves. This
doctrine was maintained, according to my recol-
lection, in all the proclamations he issued relat-
ing to the subject. In my judgment the distin-
guished judge who delivered the opinion in the
case o ('Mrs. Alexander's cotton gave sanction to
the doctrine which I maintain here, that claims
for property taken and appropriated by the Gov-
ernment should be paid for, unless the owner
were disloyal; and then of course he is deprived
of the opportunity of making his claim good by
statute law, not by the authority of any writer
or public law in modern times. You could not
even then, by any decision of the Supreme
Court, find any sanction for confiscating rebel
property by the authority of a military com
mander. «
Perhaps my own State is more interested in
this question than any other, and for this rea-
son : we had forty thousand soldiers'iu the
armies of the United States, and while they
were from home the Federal troops in Tennes-
see subsisted for a long time off oar people.
A large amount of supplies were obtained from
the families of those very soldiers, so that they
were themselves deprived of the means of
living. The women and children went into the
fields and cultivated the soil while the soldiers
were in the Army. These privations and self-
sacrifices do not affect the law of the case, pro-
vided they are to be regarded in fact and in
morals as publicenemies. Upon such a miser-
able technicality as that of a public enemy as
understood iu national law no gambler would
seek to strip his victim of his money. What is
there in this disgraeeftil pretext that preserves
even the appearance of truth ? What an insult
to common decency to call such men as the
soldiers of the Union Army from Tennessee,
Alabama, and Arkansas public enemies ; with
what anguish and sorrow, the children of those
who died that their country might live, as they
deck the graves of their heroic fathers upon each
returning spring, will recall the heartless Con-
gress that proclaimed all thatwas honored Mid
dear to them on earth worse than traitors; for
they become twice traitors: once traitors to
friends and neighbors, to fight for home and
country, then to be registered traitors by that
country for which their life's blood was poured
out as an honored libation would be a deplor-
able record for fidelity.
The Government has uniformly acted on the
principle that no distinction should be made
between the loyal citizens South and North.
The act of July 4, 1864, was extended Febru-
ary 19, 1867, to the States of Tennessee and
West Virginia. Sineethat period elaimsfrom
these States have been regularly paid at the
quartermaster's and commissary departments.
Government did not refuse to pay the south-
ern soldier for his services. How, then, can
it refuse to pay for his property that has been
taken and used? The corn, hay, wagons,
horses, and houses are the representatives of
the soldier's labor. His services in the Army
are nothing else. How do yon become obliged
to pay for the one and not the other? Is it
quite reasonable that you are bound to pay him
tor service in the Army and when you take his
labor in the form of quartermaster's or com-
missary stores you are relieved from any such
obligation? No; it has ever been the custom
of this nation to pay its citizens for their prop-
erty, not to rob them.
Two classes of claims have been considered,
those of the bondholders and money-changers
for bonds purchased at ruinous rates, and those
of the loyal South for property taken as a forced
loan, Reject the latter because these people
have been proclaimed falsely public enemies,
and you will not command one vote from the
Delaware bay to the Rio Grande in favor ot
paying the bonds. There will then be fonnd
no human being so degraded as to become the
slave of the bondholder. You will have set
at naught the nation's faith and honor, and who
SO mean as to do it reverence will be found in
all that sad and blasted country ? When a mere
geographical line shall make an end of right
and wrong, of patriotism and treason, there
can be no love, no duty, no honor, no faith in
such a Government. The Union soldier will
scorn to fight the battles of a land that pro-
claims him infamous. The confederate soldier
will toil with reluctance to pay a debt that he
hates.
Notwithstanding that he has fought against
his old flag long and bravely he has not there-
fore become insensible to faith and duty. He
will never admit the right of the nation to re-
pudiate its honest obligations and dishonor its
own citizens. Sad as it may be for him to pay
the bonds that overthrew his cause, he will
love as ever to serve a country that preserves
unstained its promised faith. Animated with
a heroism that led him, although unpaid and
unfed, to achieve such success.that the world
stood astonished, he will in the future as in
the past follow with a devoted heart the march
of his country's glory. From the South no
step will be taken to sully her fame or stain
her history.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fre-
lixghuysen] has presented, as his most pol-
ished and effective argument, the following
against this claim: if this lady" were loyal to
the United States she was an enemy to the
confederacy. If she was an enemy to the con-
federacy her property was liable to confisca-
tion, and therefore worth nothing. The Gov-
ernment should not be required to pay for that
which was of no value. I apprehend that a
soldier who had fought through the rebellion,
and upon returning to his home should find it
leveled to the ground and used by the Govern-
ment, his family turned out to the storm, would
find but little difficulty in solving such a fallacy
without the aid of logical rules. In the whole
range of the debate there has been no argu-
ment so well constructed, and I must say so
creditable to the genius and even the morals
of the opponents of loyal claimants from the
South.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
stated that loyal citizens from New Orleans and
Mobile had been refused payment at the War
Department for property seized and used by
the Army during the war. This fact has been
adduced to prove that all such claims have been
rejected.
I know of two claims that were paid for
houses seized and nsed for forts in Tennessee
under circumstances similar to those under
which Miss Murphcy's was taken. These were
both fine houses. The one cost the Govern-
ment about thirty-eight thousand dollars, the
other twenty-nine thousand. I give the amounts
in round numbers. The actual sum cannot
vary far from these figures. I am not aware
that this account was ever preferred to the
Department.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to inquire of
the Senator where that property was situated?
Mr. FOWLER. The property was situated
in Nashville, Tennessee. One of the houses
was taken during General Buell's term of ser-
vice, the other by General Rosecratis, who
appointed a commission to assess the value
of the property. This was done, the house
removed and used, the fort built, and the
owner received his pay. The other house was
paid for on the award of a commission appointed
by the Secretary of War, at the head of which
was General Canby.
One argument of a most singular character
has been advanced : that it is not the business
of the national sovereignty to protect the inter-
ests of the individuals. The protection of
private rights belongs to the States and not to
the sovereign power, which is alone concerned
with the general interests of the nation and
with the relation of the States.
The object of the Federal Government is
better set forth in the preamble to the Consti-
tution than in any other part. Its framers
undertook to express the purpose for which it
was founded. They said their purpose was " to
form a more perfect union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and posterity.'' This was not between the
States alone, but also among the people indi-
vidually and personally.
They had tried already a Government of
States, operatingaloneon States and dependent
on their legislation, and it had most signally
failed. They now formed a Government of
their own, for the purposes set forth in the Con-
stitution, which they gave it, to act on the citi-
zens directly, and upon the States indirectly.
The primary and fundamental element of the
Federal Government is its direct interest in
the personal welfare of the individual. It is
the forum in which the whole people individ-
ually and collectively appear for the enforce-
