1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
the quality is, is produced not properly by recti-
fying but by distillation, and it is required that
this original distillation shall be conducted in
close pipes and vessels. The object of this is
what X will proceed to explain, if you go on
with the distillation of whisky to a point where
you cease to iiave it confined in close pipes or
vessels, and it comes out into the open air, it
must be there considered as the completed
process, for otherwise it may be carried off'
before the Government gets its tax.
The gentleman from Kentucky proposes an
amendment by which when they are making
Robertson county whisky, after they have gone
through with the continuous distillation, they
may have in the distillery another process,
running it through charcoal, thus virtually set-
ting up a rectifying establishment in every dis-
tillery, and being charged only as distillers and
not rectifiers. The argument the gentleman
makes is that Robertson county whisky is
always rectified in this way before it is consid-
ered good Robertson county whisky. > Well,
admit it. All whisky before it is worth much
must be rectified or refined in some way to get
rid of the fusil oil. The committee are per-
fectlysatisfied—and therefore, having consid-
ered this amendment, they could not agree to it
or recommend it to the Committee of the Whole
—that it will be dangerous to let these two
distinct processes take place in a distillery—
rectifying and distilling.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I move to strike out the
last word.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. WOOD. I think the original amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky is to the
bill, and therefore that the present one is in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is an amendment to
an amendment, so that no further amendment
is allowable. The debate heretofore has been
continued by withdrawing and renewing the
amendments.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I withdraw my amend-
ment and now renew it.
Mr. KULSEY. I object to the withdrawal.
The CHAIRMAN. It is renewed.
A Member. He cannot do that.
Mr. GOLLADAY. With great deference to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I mustsaythatlhaveseennothinginhis
argument to justify his conclusion or that is a
sufficient objection to my amendment. If the
report of the committee to make whisky only in
continuous pipes were received as a foreclosure
of all fraud in this respect, it seems to me it
would require no very extraordinary mechan-
ical genius for a man to devise a plan by which
it might be continuous, so as not only to make
Robertson county whisky, but that higher class
of whisky about which the gentleman talks
beingin bond from two to five years. Now, sir,
the only question to be considered is, what do
you mean by whisky? Do you mean mere
spirit of grain ? If so, I submit that the first
singling, as it is called by the distillers, which
contains not more than twenty per cent, of
spirit, is whisky. That, however, has neces-
sarily got lo be continued with a separate pro-
cess of reboiling, and that again by a further
process of reboiling in a copper still before it
can be made into whisky. Wnat is called good
whisky, either Bourbon or Robertson county
whisky, must be run through coal for the pur-
pose of rectifying it of its impurity. In one
sense of the word that is rectifying, and yet
the business of rectifying, that is, rectifying
proper, as known by every gentleman at all
familiar with the process, is as different from
this as day is from night. Now, it is not pro-
oosed by my amendment to do anything to
infringe the rights of the rectifier or interfere
with the tax required to be paid by those en-
gaged in rectification. The effect of the pro-
vision as it stands upon distillers throughout
the South will be to put them to an unreason-
able and unjust expense for the purpose of
finishing their plan of making whisky rather
than allow them, upon satisfactory evidence
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to
have one process which they have always fol-
lowed and carried out of making whisky at
once, which they call whisky, and offer for sale
in the market as such. I insist upon the amend-
ment being put to a vote. If the committee
see proper to vote it down I have discharged
my duty.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Golladay, it was disagreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. As the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means has notified us
that he is now through the whisky portion of
the bill, I submit the following as an additional
section, to come in at the end of the amend-
ment of the committee, ihough it is pertinent
anywhere.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for the Commissioner of Internal Kcvenue
to refund any money paid on account of internal
taxes into the Treasury of the United States when
the sum so proposed to be refunded shall exceed in
amount the sum of 8300. All such claims for taxes
improperly paid under theexisting or any future en-
actments shnll be prosecuted, by the parties so claim-
ing, in the United States district court wherein such
revenue was collected; and it is hereby directed that
the district attorney of the said district shall defend
such suit or suits on the part of the United States,
either by himself or his assistants, and the decision
thereon of such United States district court shall be
final.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to the
gentleman offering that amendment after we
have gone through with this amendment; but
it relates to the general administrative sections
of the bill, and does not belong to this amend-
in en t.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw it for the
present, and offer it in the proper place.
Mr. HIGBY. I propose to amend section
two of the amendment as it has been amended,
by striking out of the amendment made by the
committee the words abut not to abate the
taxes thereon," at the close of the second sec-
tion. I do not know but that the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is right,
and that a false construction had been given
by the internal revenue department to the lan-
guage embraced in that last sentence. Whether
that be so or not, I should vote that the sec-
tion might be left as it stands in the present
law, with the exception of striking out " with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury."
That is a part of the amendment made by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
1 wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that the busi-
ness of making brandy from fruit, apples,
peaches, and grapes has always been favored
under every law that has been made since we
commenced establishing an internal revenue
system down to the present time. Whether it
has been favored by the words and spirit of
the law or not, it has been favored by the con-
struction given to itby the Department. For the
last year, with this section as it stands in the
present law, the department has favored the
manufacturers of brandy from these articles ;
and I will say to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means that unless that article
can be favored under the law, and placed on a
different footing from others, it will be destruc-
tion to that business in my State. If, as was
stated here by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Price] the other evening, Congress is to re-
solve itself into a temperance society for the
purpose of making the American people a
sober people, or to sit here and make sumptu-
ary laws, why, if that is the policy, instead of
trying to raise revenue to put into the Treas-
ury, the true way would be to oppress this
business and kill it out. But when we do that
let us do it as regards the manufacturers of all
kinds of liquors in the United States. 1 believe
it to be a false policy for us to undertake to
pass sumptuary laws. The object of all this
legislation is to get revenue into the Treasury
of the United States. No matter what laws we
pass here, if men want whisky _, want rum, want
brandy to'drink they will have it, and there is no
law that could be passed by this Government
that will shut the mouths of men but what they j
will use it, and since they will, the object is to
obtain a tax from it. Well, sir, this may close
out this particular kind of business in my own
State. That will be its consequence. The reason
has been stated over aud over again. Itis unne-
cessary to repeat it here. The vineyardsaresmall
and widely scattered, and it is only a small
part of the vintage that is manufactured into
brandy, and it is manufactured into it bfecaase
that is the only use to which it can be ptit. If
you impose the same taxation upon it, and
make it bear equal burdens of taxation with
articles manufactured from other commodities,
it is destruction to the business.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe I shall give up
if this amendment is adopted. Everything hag
been done for the small distilleries that could
be done, it seems to me—everything for this
fruit distillation, to favor it in all sorts of ways.
Now, it is proposed to take away the restric-
tion, so as to leave to the Commissioner.of
Internal Revenue the right not only tp let
them manufacture without the onerous* provis-
ions of having a meter, having storekeepers,
having surveys of their distilleries, and various
other things, but to leave to the Commissioner
the right to take the taxes off. I hold that we
had very much better pass the law in such a
shape that this liquor shall not be taxed at all,
let it be free manufactured to any extent, than
to pretend to tax it and then allow some other
power than the legislative department the right
to remit the tax. Leaving the power to tax or
to exempt from taxation at the discretion of
an executive officer, it seems to me, is danger-
ous and in every sense improper. We have
provided, with regard to all these small dis-
tilleries, including the fruit distilleries, that
no distiller shall pay a special tax, except of
a single $100, upon distilleries making twen-
ty-five barrels a year or under. And we have
provided that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall have the power to remit to
every such distiller of fruit such obligations
imposed upon him under the provisions of the
law, at the discretion of the Commissioner, as
he may think proper to take off, relating to
the process of manufacture. But we have ac-
companied that with a provision in an amend-
ment already made that this shall not be
construed to include the right of the Commis-
sioner to remit the tax also. Now, the gentle1-
man from California [Mr. Higby] seeks to get
rid of that also. As the bill is now amended
it reads thus:
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby
authorized to exempt distillers of brandy made ex-
clusively fiora apples, peaches, or grapes from such
of the provisions of this net relating to the manufac-
ture of spirits as in his judgment may seem expedient,
but not to abate the taxes thereon.
And it is to get rid of the provision that the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall not
have the power to abate the taxes thereon that
this amendment is offered by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Higby.] Last year
brandy distilled from fruit was left by the
House where the other distilled spirits were
left. But for some reason or other which I
never could comprehend the Senate insisted
upon putting in there, as I thought then and
still think, unmeaning words:
"The tax on brandy made from grapes shall be the
same and no higher than that upon other distilled
spirits."
And we had already imposed the tax on all
distilled spirits alike. In the amendment since
made we strike that out, and as there has been
a construction given to the law which allows
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to remit
some of the taxes imposed upon these distill-
ers we have put in a provision that he shall not
have the power to abate the taxes, though he
may abate any of the obligations in regard to
the terms upon which the manufacture may be
carried on.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Higby, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BOYDBN. In order to make section
thirteen of this amendment correspond witl}
