12 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
other amendments already made in the bill, by
which we have brought down the minimum of
the large distilleries to one hundred barrels, I
move to amend it so that it will read as follows:
§80. IS. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be assessed and ooUected monthly, from every author-
ized distiller whose djstillery.has an aggregate capa-
city for mashing and fermenting five bushels of grain
or less, or fifteen gallonSof molasses or less, in twenty-
four hours, a tax of fifty dents per day, Sundays ex-
cepted ; and  tax of fifty cents for every live bushels
of grain or fifteen gallons of molasses of said capa-
city in excegg of live bushels of grain or fifteen gal-
lons, of taolasses jn twenty-four hours. But any dis-
fifler who slia.ll suspend work, as provided by this
aCtf,- shall pay only fifty cents per day during the time
the work shall be so suspended in his distillery.
The object of this amendment is to do away
•with the discrimination against small distillers,
and to allow them to pay in the exact propor-
tion to what the large distillers pay; not a cent
toore and not a cent less. We have already
amended the provision in regard to the large
distilleries so as to bring the minimum capacity
down to one hundred gallons, and to make
this bill consistent we should bring this down
in the same proportion; that is, reduce it to
one fourth of what it stands' now in regard to
small distilleries.' Surely, unless.the object of
the Committee of Ways and Means is, as some
gentlemen ccintead, to break up distilling alto-
gether, r-my amendment should be adopted.
These small distillers cannot pay the tax now
imposed. ■ "And there is no reason under heaven
why they should be called upon to pay any
more in proportion to the quantity of spirits
that they make than the large distillers have to
pay. I cannot understand upon what principle
it can for a moment be insisted upon that they
shall pay a higher rate, according to the amount
they distill, than the largo distillers do.
I do hope the-Committee of the Whole will
consider my amendment favorably. It is a
very important matter in my portion of the
country—extremely so. If you make these
small distillers pay this heavy tax every day
upon the liquor they distill you will break
tliem up.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of the
Wholo will see the difficulty under which we
have labored. On the one side wo have to
contend with the big speculators who are in-
terested in whisky in bond, and they have their
advocates; and upon the other side we have
these little distilleries, and they have their
champions. The Committee of Ways and
Means have considered this amendment. I
remember very well that when we had fixed
twenty-live barrels a year as the minimum for
a distiller, and reduced the special tax in pro-
portion, one of my colleagues on the commit-
tee said to mo, "The next thing will be an
attack on section thirteen—an attempt to lower
the standard fixed there." We now have snch
a proposition from the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Boyden,] What does he pro-
pose? Why, that you shall authorize distill-
eries making but fifteen or even ten gallons a
day—for they do not pretend in that part of
the country to make more than eight quarts
of the best whisky to the bushel—so that live
bushels would make forty quarts or ten gal-
lons. The next thing, I presume, will be that
we shall be asked to protect in like manner
those infernal little tea-kettles with which
whisky has been manufactured in garrets and
cellars.
Now, I say candidly to my friend from North
Carolina that he may find that he is pushing
this matter a little too far. If we pass a gen-
eral law to pati'onize, as it were to stimulate,
to help, to build up, to multiply like the lice
in Egypt, these little distilleries, making only
a few quarts per day, we shall pay for it, I
think, before we get through, in the deteriora-
tion of morals, character, and everything else.
1 havdiy think my friend from North Carolina
Can be serious about this matter.
Mr. BO\DENv Yes, sir; lam.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we have already
done all that ought to be done for these little
distilleries.
Mr. LASH. Let me say to the -gentleman
that these ten-gallon distilleries, if properly
favored and protected by the law, will pay
more revenue to the Government of the United
States than your distilleries in the city of
New York and elsewhere, making fifty barrels
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, the gentleman from
North Carolina told us the other evening that
if we would but adopt his proposition for the
encouragement of fruit distilleries North Caro-
lina would give us next year $2,000,000 of
revenue from that source alone. Well, that
would be a little singular, when the whole
of the United States gives usfrom that source
only $891,000 a year.
Mr. AASH. The gentleman must be mis-
Mr.' SCHENCK. Perhaps I may be ; I will
refer to my memoranda. Yes ; I find that I
was mistaken. I overstated the amount; it is
but $871,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Boyden was not
agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to amend by
striking out sections forty-nine and fifty ofthe
amendment, reading as follows :
Sec. 49. And be it fuither enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Troasury, on the recommendation of the
Commissioner of Internal fiovenue, may appointnot
exceeding twenty-five officers, to bo called super-
visors of internal revenue, each one of whom shall be
assigned to adesignated territorial districtto bo com-
posed of on dor more judicial districts and territories,
and shall keep his office at some convenient place in
his district to be designated by the Commissioner,
ami shall receive, in addition to oxpenses necessarily
incurred by him and allowed and certified by the
said Commissioner as a compensation for his services,
such salary as the Commissioner of Internal Kevouuc
may doom just and reasonable, not exceeding $3,000
pel' annum. It shall bo the duly of every supervisor
ofinternal revenue, midertho direction of the Com-
missioner, to sec that nil l.uvs and regulations relat-
ing to tho collection ol' internal taxes are faithfully
oxceuted and complied with; to aid in tho preven-
tion, dotcetion, and punishment of any frauds in re-
lation thereto, and to examino into tho efficiency
and conduct of all otriccrsofintciu.il revcnueivithin
his district,; and for sueli purposes he shall have
power to examino all persons, books, papers, ac-
counts, and premises, and to administer oaths and to
summon any person to produeo books and papers, or
to appear and testify under oath before him. and to
compel a complianco with such summons m the same
manner as assossois may do. Xt shall bo thoduty of
every supervisor of internal revenue as atoresaid to
report in writing to tho Commissioner of Internal
Revcnuo any neglect of duty, incompetency, delin-
quency, or mnlfoasarice in oliico of any internal rev-
onuo officer within his district of which ho mayobtain
knowledge, with a statement of atl the facts in each
case, and any ovidonco sustaining tho same; and lio
shall have power to transfer any inspector, gauger,
or storekeeper from ono distillery or other place of
duty to another, or from one collection district to
anothor, within his district; and may, by notice
in writing, suspend from duty any sucli inspector,
ganger, or storekeeper, and in caso of suspension
sliali immediately notify tho collector of the pioper
district and tho Commissioner of Internal ltcvenue,
and withm three days thereafter make report of his
action a.nd Ins reasons tlicretor in writing to said
Commissioner, whosliail thereupon take suchfurthor
action as ho may deoin propor.
Sue. 50. An'I be it further cnactcd. That tho Com-
nupMOnei ot Internal Itovenuo shallhavo power,
whenever in his judgment, tho necessities of the ser-
vice may require, to employ compotent detectives,
not, exceeding twenty-fivem numberatany one tune,
to bo paid under the provisions of the seventh soe-
tion of tho act to amend existing laws relating to
internal revcnuo, and for other purposes, approved
March 2, 1807; and lie may, at his discretion, assign
any snch (loteetivo to duty under tho direction ol any
supervisor of internal revcnuo or to such other special
duty as lie may deem necessary; and that from and
after tho passage of tins act 110 general or special
agent or inspector, by whatever name or designation
lie may be known, of tho Troasury Department ill
connection willi the internal revenue, except inspect-
ors of tobacco, snuff, and cigars, and cxeept as pro-
vided for in this act, shall be appointed, commis-
sioned, employed, or continued in otliec; and the
term of ofheo or employment of all such general or
spccialagcnts or inspectors now authorized as afore-
said under employment at tho time of tho passage of
this act shall expire ten days after this act shall take
effect.
Why these two sections were introduced into
the special Jaw passed last session and now
proposed to be embodied in this bill I do not
undertake to say. If they were designed to
operate upon the recent election, the contest
between the Secretary and his subordinate ns
to which of the parties to which they severally
belonged defeated that design, as it might have
been easily foreseen. But now that the polit-
ical canvass is over there is no necessity of any
kind for their continuance. It is a needless
expense, and will swell up into unexpected
proportions upon the already enormous costs
of this bureau. Already it is hinted that the
supervisors are opening expensive offices and
are calling around them corps of clerks, detect-
ives, and messengers enough to make up a
pretty respectable body-guard of a small mon-
archy. Everywhere the expenses of this bu-
reau are swelling into enormous proportions.
I understand that without authority of law,
and contrary to the letter and spirit of the in-
ternal revenue laws, additional assistant assess-
sors are being appointed for duties around the
offices of district attorneys, collectors, and
probably will be around these supervisors'
offices, at five dollars each per diem, involving
countless thousands of dollars for services un-
authorized and unnecessary. I see it stated
in the papers that the expenses of storekeepers
already appointed tinder this special law will
amount to $2,000,000, while the wholeamount
collected from spirits during the current year
will be only some forty million dollars. This
is economy or retrenchment with a vengeance.
Strike out these two sections and you will se-
cure a retrenchment of hundreds of thousands
of dollars. If we mean retrenchment, we must
commence somewhere. Why, sir, we have been
talking about retrenchment for two years and
appointing retrenchment committees. As I
understand retrenchment, it is not examining
frauds, but cutting down expenses; and yet,
after all our efforts, after all the services of our '
retrenchment committees, after my friend from
New York, the chairman on the part of the
House of the Retrenchment Committee, shout-
ing himself hoarse all over the country for re-
trenchment, the only actual retrenchment I have
heard of is the cutting off $100 per annum for
expenses of our friends in the reporters' gal-
lery ! I do not mean to say anything against
tho gentlemen appointed as supervisors. They
may be better men than the collectors and
assessors whom they arc to watch. If so, let
tho bad assessors and collectors be removed
and these good men appointed in their places.
These two sets of officers pretending to watch
each other are not only unnecessary, but det-
rimental to the service. What we want is to fix
responsibility upon some one officer. ■ Let the
assessor and collector be responsible and held
to a strict responsibility for their several acts
in their several districts ; and if you cannot do
this you will never remedy the evil by multi-
plying officers to watch each other and to draw
duplicated salaries and run the nation in debt
with quadrupled expenses. I do not wish to
scattcr responsibility, but to concentrate it. I
do not want to multiply expenses, but to
retrench. If you wish to begin retrenchment
anywhere you may have it here. You can
save $100,000 on supervisors, another $100,000
on extra assistant assessors appointed without
law, and another 5100,000 on dctcctives, and,
if you choose, you can save $1,000,000 on
storekeepers. Sir, if you want retrenchment,
this whole internal revenue law should be di-
gested, perfected, and unified ; and if retrench-
ment is desired a proper bill could be drawn
which would retrench half the expenses of this
Internal Revenue Bureau.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The sections referred
to by the gentleman from New York are not
in the pending amendment, and his motion is
therefore not in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. It has never been acted
upon, 1" think, in the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. It was before the com-
mittee, and transferred to another part of the
bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will only say that my
impression is that it has never been acted upon
as an amendment in the Committee of the
Whole, but I may be in enor in this respect.
I presume, however, the gentleman from Ohio
has no expectation of ever passing this bill
into law—certainly not at this session. It
! should not pass unless further materially
] amended and digested and unified.
