THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
jgp, China, Italy, Chili, Peru, Portugal, Switzerland,
wreece, Belgium, Holland, Denmark, Sweden, Tur-
key, Ecuador, New Granada, Bolivia, Venezuela,
Guateujula, Nicaragua,Sandwich Islands,Costa Rica,
Honduras, Argentine Confederation, Paraguay, Uru-
guay, Japan, and Salvador,$310,000: Provided, That
the minister accredited to the Government of Nica-
ragua shall also be accredited to the Governments of
Honduras, Guatemala,San Salvador, and CostaRica,
and shall receive as compensation $9,000 ayear, with
a secretary of legation, who shall- receive a salary of
$1,500 a year, and no jnore.
The minister at New Granada shall also beaccred-
ited to the Governments of Venezuela aiid Ecuador,
and shall-receive asalaryof$7,5G0ay©ar,with asec-
retary of legation, who ghaUrecaiveasalary of $1,500
a year, and no more.
The minister at Uruguay shall also be accredited to
the Argentine Confederation, and shall receive a sal-
ary of $7*500a year, and no more, with a secretary of
legation, who shall receive a salary of $1,500 a year,
and no more.
The minister at Peru shall also be accredited to the
Governments of Chili and Bolivia, and shall receive
a salary of $10,000 ayear, with a secretary of legation,
whoahall receive a salary of 81,000 a year, and no
more.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, as follows:
At London and Paris, $2,625 each.
At St. Petersburg, Madrid, Berlin, Florence, Vi-
enna, Kio Janeiro, and Mexico, $1,800 each,
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation at
London and Paris, $2,000 each.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to
China, $5,000.
For salary of the secretary of legation to Turkey,
acting as interpreter, $3,000.
For salary of the interpreter to tho legation to
Japan, $2,500.
*J;0Lcout*n&crifc oxpenaes of all the missions abroad,
$50,000.
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$50,000.
For expenses of the consulates in tho Turkish do-
minions, namely, interpreters, guards, and other
expensesot the consulates at Constantinople, Smyrna,
Candia, Alexandria, and Beirut, $2,500.
. For tho relief and protection of American seamen
in .foreign countries, per acts of February 18, 1803,
and February 28,1811, $50,001).
For expenses which may bo incurred in acknowl-
edging the services of tho masters and crews of lor-
eign vessels in rescuing citizens of tho United States
from shipwrock, $5,000.
For the purchase of blank-books, stationery, book-
cases, arms of the United States, seals, presses, and
flag?, and for the payment of postages and miscella-
neous exponsea of the consuls of the United States,
including loss by oxebange, $-10,000.
, lor office rout for those consuls general, consuls,
and commercial agents whu are not allowed to trade,
inciudiogJoss by exchange thereon, $45,000; and there
shall be allowed out of tho fees of tho office $1,000
per annum, and no more, for rent of the consul's offices
at Paris.
.For salaries of consuls general, consuls, commer-
cial agents, and thirteen consular clerks, including
loss by exchango thereon, $-100,000, namely:
i. Consulates gknkral.
Schedule B,
Alexandria.Calcutta, Constantinople, Prankfort-
on-tbo-Main, Havana, Montreal, Shanghai, Beirut,
ltiinpioo, and on and after the nU of March, ISO'J,
tho consulates at Paris and London shall be known
and designated as consulates general.
II. Consulates.
Schedule /}.
Aix-la-Chapcllo, Algiers, Atnoy, Amsterdam, Ant-
werp, Aspinwall, BanUok, Basle, Belfast, Buenos
Ayres, Bordeaux, Bremen, Biindisi, Boulogne, Ear-
celona, Cadiz, Callao. Canton, Chemnitz, Chin Iviang,
vlllton * T\    T. t Til
Kanagawa, Kingston. (.Jamaica,) Kingston in'Cun
r .' ■ •-■-...v.iw.vi, imtuni/,,13, All HI bUl ilOb,
Mauritius, Melbourne, Messina, Moscow, Munich,
wS,a8av'•J'i" Asi Nassau,(West Indies,) Newcastle!
Nice, JNantos, Odessa, Oporto, Palermo, Panama,
Paris. Pernamhnnn. Vint mi "Rf.ii— t  
Vera Crui, Vienna, Windsor, Zurieli. And"t'liore
snalJ be appointed a consul at Birmingham at an an-
nual salary of $2,500; and a consul aftWall at an
an annual Salary lf|l 56o?"d a C°Mul at Barmtm at
iii. Commercial Agencies.
Schedule B.
Madagascar, San Juan del Norte, Saint Domingo.
IV. Consulates.
Schedule 6"
A xoikuus, rayaj, wuayaquii.
Guayanias, Maranharn Matamoras, Mexico, Monte-
video, Omoa .Parts, Pur.;, P,i o del Norte, Piraeus,
li\o (xraudc, Saint Catharine. Saint Pierre, (Martin-
ique,) Saint John, (Newfoundland,) Santiago. (Cape
Yerd,) Stettin, Tabasco, Tahiti, Xalcahuano,Tumbez,
v e^ee, Zanzibar.
v. Commercial Agencies,
Schedule G.
Amoor river, Apia, Belize, Gaboon, Saint Paul de
Loanda, Lanthala, Sabanilia.
For interpreters to the consulates in China, Japan,
and Siam, including loss by exchange thereon, $5,800.
iTor expense*? incurred, under instructions from the
Secretary of State, in bringing home from foreign
countries persons charged with crime, and expenses
incident thereto, $10,000.
For salaries of the marshals for the consular courts
in Japan, includingthat at Nagasaki, and in China,
Siam,and Turkey,including loss by exchange thereon,
$9,000
For rent of prisons for American convicts in J apan,
China, Sin m, and Turkey, and for wagesoi the keepers
of the same, 69,000.
For salaries of ministers resident and consuls gen-
eral to Hayti and Liberia, $11,500.
For expenses under tho act of Congress to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the Af-
rican sla1- e trade, 812,500,
For expenses under the neutrality act, $10,000.
For the payment of the fifth annual installment of
the proportion contributed by the United States to-
ward the capitalization of the Scheldt dues, to fulfill
tho stipulations contained in the fourth article of
the convention between the United States and Bel-
gium, of the 20th of May, 1863, the sum of $55,584 in
coin, and such further sum as may be necessary to
carry out the stipulation of theconvention providing
for payment of interest on the said sum and on the
portion of tho principal remaining unpaid
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That ho diplo-
matic or consular officer shall rcceive salary for the
time during which he may be absent from his post
(by leave or otherwise) beyond tho term of sixty
daysjn any one year: Provided, Thatthetime equal
to that actually occupiedin transmitting mail matter
to and from their respective posts to Washington
may be allowed in addition to said sixty days; and
section three of act of March 30,186S, is hereby re-
pealed.
r Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fee pro-
vided by law for tho verification of invoices by con-
sular ollicers shall, when paid.be held to be a lull
payment for iurnishing blank forms of declaration
to be signed by the shipper, and for making, signing,
and scaling tho certificate of the consular officer
thereto; and any consular officer who, under pre-
tense of charging for blank forms, advice, or clerical
services in the preparation of such declaration or
certificate, shall charge or receive any fee gi eater in
amount than that provided by law for the verifica-
tion of invoices, or who shall demand or receive for
any oflicial service, or who shall allow any clcrk or
subordinate to receive for any such service, any fee
or reward other than thetee provided by lawforsuch
service, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall be dismissed from office, and on conviction
before any court of the United States having juris-
diction ot like offenses be punished by imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or by line not exceeding
&2.000. And hereafter no consul, vice consul, or
consular agent in tho Dominion of Canada shall be
allowed tonnage fees for any services, actual or con-
structive, rendered any vessel uwned and registered
in the United States that may touch at a Canadian
port. And hereafter in cases of vesselsmakmg regu-
lar daily trips between any port of the United States
and any poit in tho Dominion of Canada, wholly
upon interior waters not navigable to tho ocean, no
tonnage ur clearance fees shall be charged against
such vessels by the oflieers of the United States, ex-
cept upon tue first clearing of said vessel in each
year.
' skc. -U And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall be authorized, in his
discretion, to cause examinations to be made into
the accounts of the consular officers of the United
States, and into all matters connected with the busi-
ness of their said offices, and to that end he may
appoint such agent or agents as maybe necessary for
that purpose; and any agent, when so appointed,
under tne seal of the Treasury Department, shall,
for the purpose of making such examinations, have
authority to administer oaths and take testimony,
and shall have access to all tho books and papers of
all consular officers. And any agent appointed in
this behalf shall bo paid for his services a just and
reasonable compensation, not exceeding five dollars
per day for the time necessarily employed, in addi-
tion to his actual necessary expenses, the same to be
paid out of the fund appropriated for the expenses
Si reve"ue  but no greater sum than
o5.UU() shall bo expended as compensation of such
a?c/?fc ftS«nts in any one year. And the Secretary
of the ironsury shall communicate to Congress, at
tho commencement of every Deceinbei session, the
names of the agents soappointed, and the amount
paid to each, together with the reports of such agents.
• Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That any con-
sular officer of the United States who shall neglec t
to render true and just quarterly accounts and re-
turns of the business of his ofiico and of moneys
received by him for the use of the United States, or
who shall neglect to pay over any balance of such
moneys winch maybe due to the United States at
the expiration of any quarter, before the expiration
of the next succeeding quarter, shall be deemed
guilty of embezzlement of the public moneys, and
shall, on conviction thereof, before any court of the
United States having jurisdiction of like offenses be
punished by imprisonment not exceeding one year
and by a fine not, exceeding $2,000, and khall be for-
everd^quaiified from holding any office of trustor
profit m tho United States.
**Seo. 6. And be it further enacted, That no consul
general or consul now holding, or who shall here-
after hold, either of said offices, shall be permitted
to hold the office of consul general or cousal at any
other coubulate, or exercise the duties thereof; and
hereafter there shall only be allowed to any vice
consulate or consular agency for expenses thereof •
an amount sufficient to pay lor stationery and post-
age on official letters.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the entire
expense of prison and prison-keepers at the consu-
late of Bankok, in Siam, shall hereafter not exceed
the sum of $1,000 annually; and the salary of the
interpreter shall not'exceed the sum of $500 annu-
ally; and no salary shall hereafter be allowed the
marshal at that consulate; and the annual salary
of the consul at Bankok shall hereafter be $3,000.
Mr. MUNGENj (before the reading of the
substitute was concluded.) I withdraw ray
demand for the reading of the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to suspend the rales, for the purpose of
adopting the substitute for the bill reported
from the Committee of the Whole, so that the
question may be taken on the passage of this
substitute, instead of the bill reported by the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to make an in-
quiry. i wish to know whether the proposition
is to suspend the rules that this substitute may
be offered and at the same time adopted, so
that by one vote we suspend the rules and pass
the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand the motion. It is to suspend the
rules to adopt a substitute for the bill reported
from the Committee of the Whole, so that the
question may afterward be taken on the pas-
sage of this substitute.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the amount of the
matter is this: not liking the action of the
House, not liking the disposition made of
amendments which were rejected as not being
in order, the gentleman from Illinois offers a
new bill embodying what was originally pre-
sented by the committee, and proposes by one
vote to get it through the House without read-
ing as a substitute for the bill passed in the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The points of order hav-
ing been reserved in the House upon this bill,
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole
ruled out the third,, fourth, and fifth sections
of the printed bill, as out of order under the
one hundred and twentieth rule. Those sec-
tions, therefore, are not in the bill as reported
from the Committee of the Whole. The object
of this motion to suspend the rules is to re-
incorporate those sections in the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. So I understand—to put
through the original bill hi this indirect way.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The only
objection of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Scheatk]
to the sections strickcn out in the Committee
of the Whole was that they were not in order
under the rules. I now move to suspend the
rules, to obviate that objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has not
quite understood me. I think there is good
matter in these sections, but that they have
nothing whatever to do with a report from the
Committee on Appropriations; and if we
abandon our rules and allow general legisla-
tion 
nlT' * °kjeet to debate,
lhe SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then, T inquire, Mr.
Speaker, whether it is not possible to make
objection to that portion of the substitute which
is cut of order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion to
suspend the rules is for the purpose of obviat-
ing that very objection.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. For the purpose of get- -
ting in those sections out of order.
On the motion to suspend the rules (here
were—ayes 59. noes 30; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Washburne, of Illinois, and
schen'ck.
'J he-House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 88,noes 28. '
bo (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
