1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
Mr. BECK. 1 desire . to move an amend-
ment to section seventeen.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I insist that every amend-
ment shall be reported from the Clerk's desk
before it is discussed.
Mr. BECK. 1 will prepare the amendment
in writing, but in tho mean time I will move the
following amendment to section thirteen;
Strike out th"so words:
.But any distiller who shall suspend work, as pro-
vided by this act. shall pay only two dollars per day
during the time the Work shall be so suspended in his
distillery.
And in lieu thereof insert the following:
But any distiller whose distillery has a producing
capacity exceeding one hundred gallons in twenty-
four hours who shall suspend work, as provided in
this act, shall pay two dollars per day during the time
the work shall be so suspended in his distillery ; and
those whose distilleries have a tn'oducins capacity of
less than one hundred gallons iu twenty-four hotus,
and who shall so suspend work, shall pay one dollar
per day during such suspension.
Mi. Chairman, the object I have in proposing
that amendment is this: those knuwn as cop-
per distilleries stop by the 1st of July and
cannot resume work until the 1st of Novem-
ber. They are therefore suspended in their
operations for four months; and I propose,
instead of paying two dollars a day during that
time, they shall pay only one dollar a day, or
a tax of $120 for four months ; or $150 for five
months, which is as much as any distillery pro-
ducing one hundred gallons in twenty-four
hours can pay: I do not propose to have them
pay nothing, but I do say that one dollar a day
during the time they are not running is all they
ought to be required to pay. Two dollars per
day is a tax which substantially breaks them
down ; and as this House has shown a disposi-
tion to give them a chance to run and make
fine whisky, it ought to graduate the amount
of the tax so as to make the larger distilleries
pay two dollars a day and the smaller ones one
dollar. It seems to me eminently just to do so.
l'he question being taken on the amendment,
it was disagreed to.
Mr. BECK. I propose to amend section
seventeen by adding after the word "tank"
the following:
Except in distilleries where the evaporation is
caused by the direct action of firo and not by steam.
So that that part of the section will read as
follows :
That thedoorof the furnace of every still or boiler
used in any distillery shall be so constructed that it
may be securely fastened and locked. The ferment-
ing-tubs shall bo so placed as to be easily accessible
to any revenue officer, aadeaeh tub shall have dis-
tinctly painted thereon in oil colors its cubic contents
iu gallons, and the number of the tub. There shall
be a clear space of not less than one foot around
eveiy wood still, and not le-s than two feet around
every doubler and worm-tank, except in distilleries
where the evaporation is caused by tho direct action
of the tire and not by steam.
The question being put on the amendment-,
there were—ayes 22,noes 43 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BECK. I insist upon a quorum.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman will
not do that: and when I say that he will un-
derstand that I am voting with him. I have
advocated the same proposition both here and
before the Committee of Ways and Means.
But we have here a fair representation of the
House, and if we get a fair vote I submit the
gentleman had better abide by it.
Mr. BECK. I insist upon it, because under
the ruling of the committee no distillery can
be allowed to run high wines that are not made
by steam.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Beck and
Allison were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 43, noes 39.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio to take a vote on that proposi-
tion in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman, I move
as an amendment to strike out section seven-
teen. Of course I have very little objection to
this section in the main. It contains some
objectionable features, it is true, and for that
reason I move to strike-it out. It would work
hardships to the small country distillers-by
compelling them to comply with all its provis-
ious, which are to be applied to all distilleries,
both large and small as I understand. They
are all compelled to paint one kind of worm
red, another black, and another white, and to
paint their tanks and vats a nice cream color
or yellow, or something of that kind. Why
entail this expense upon the small distiller who
makes only twenty-five barrels of liquor per
annum 1 The cost entailed upon this class of
distillers in preparing their tanks, &c., would
amount to more than the value of the whisky
that they would make.
I have moved to strike out the section, but
if the chairman of the committee will allow me
to offer a proviso, to come in at the end of the
section, exempting distillers who make, say,
fifty barrels or less from the provisions of the
law in that respect, I shall be content to let the
section remain as it is. But I submit that it is
imposing a great hardship upon this class of
distillers without accomplishing any practical
good for the Government. It is required in
this section that these things shall be painled
up and made pretty. I suppose it is done in
order that tho revenue officer may get around
the distillery with his clean clothes and exam-
ine the apparatus at his convenience. Now,
Mr. Chairman, I submit that this will have no
good result, so far as protecting the revenue is
concerned, while it will work great hardship
to these little distillers, such as we have in Cali-
fornia, who set up their stills iu the open plain
convenient to some water-course, creek, or
hill-side fountain, without any shed even, as
we have no rains for part of the year, and with
only a piece of canvas stretched to protect the
workmen from the rays of the sun. They con-
tinue their apparatus out in the. field for three
weeks, peihaps, until the distillation is all com-
pleted, and then it is all carted out and put in
the warehouses. Now, why should they be
compelled to paint, up and fix up in this elab-
orate style when it does no good whatever? I
will withdraw the amendment I first offered
and move to amend by inserting a proviso at
the end of the section, that the provisions of
this section shall not apply to distilleries that
make fifty barrels and less. Will the gentle-
man accept that amendment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no, sir; notat all. I
hope no such amendment as that proposed
will be adopted. I think any strangers unac-
quainted with our country and its institutions
listening to this debate would come to the con-
clusion that small distilleries should be classed
with Sunday-schools and Dorcas societies and
young men's Christian associations, and what-
ever else there is that promotes piety and other
virtues in the land. Small distilleries, which,
I admit, we have not desired to encourage, are
defended here aud advocated to an extent that
would induce them, I think, to suppose that
they are, at least, among the things which con-
tribute more to advance the industrial pursuits,
the industrial interests, and the prosperity of
this country than all the institutions we have.
Now, sir, what is it that is asked? In the first
-place, here are these small distilleries of fruits.
The whole of them, large and small, have given
us a reyenue of $871,000 in the year. We are
deriving from the distilleries of whisky this
year about forty-eight million dollars, and those
provisions of law necessary to secure the col-
lection of that §48,000,000 are to give way in
many of their important particulars in order
to accommodate the small distillers. So far,
however, as the distillation of fruit is con-
cerned, in which I know there is an interest
worth considering and proper to be considered,
in California particularly and in some of the
southern States, we have put a provision into
this bill that the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, at his discretion, may relieve them from
all of these provisions contained in this seven-
teenth section. He need not require of them
that the doors of the furnace shall be arranged
in a particular manner, that the fermenting-
tubs shall be arranged in a particular way, that
there shall be a clear space around the tank,
the doubler, and other .portions of.the distill-
ing apparatus-. -AM'tbsi is.p£Qtide<i for. ... But
tfce-gentle4Ran-projJos.es now either to sfcrikamit
section seventeen entirely; with aU- its provis-
ions which he deems unnecessary, or else to add
.to it .8, proviso that they shall'tote no applica-
tion to small distilleries, thus including net
only distillation of-fruit, but' diistiUbtioii .ftom
grain, and encouraging' f 11 Wver-the-«JSWtry
fifty-barrel distilleries, where whisky is wade,
and encouraging them to exist without aoyof
these provisions to protect us against the frauds
practiced in these distilleries. One Step 'was
made toward that by the committee a little
while ago iu adopting the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck'.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the- gen-
tleman a question, for perhaps I am mis-
taken. Do the provisions of this "seventeenth
section apply to distilleries whee4 frhi(S are
distilled?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, ye3 ;-bat we have
already provided that—
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue is h ereby
authorized to exempt distillers of brundy asitftfe ex-
clusively ivoin apples, peaches; or grapes from such
provisions of this act relative to tho manufacture of
spirits as in his judgment may seem expedient, btft
not to abate the taxes thereon.
He Can let 1 hem off from all these provisions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman tfill
agree to my amendment in this shape:
Provided, however, That the provision^ of this act
as to painting shall not apply to distilleries making
fifty barrels or less,
Mr. SCHBNCK. The objection is that that
will take in grain distilleries. J was ab'o&t to
say that the fruit distilleries are already •{ ■&-
vided for. At the discretion of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue he may let'them off
from everything contained in the seventeenth
section.
Mr. MAYNARD. If my colleague on- the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. ScHenck]
will allow me, I will say that he has already
done so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe he has already
done so. ' :
Mr. BLD11IDGE. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sohence] to yield to tSe
for a motion that the committee now rise.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not when I am in- the
midst of an explanation. "
Mr. IiLDRIDGE. He has made "very great
progress. ... • --
Mr. SCHENCK. I am losing a'great deal
of time when the gentleman persists in'intef-
rupting me against my will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not get ugly about it.
Mr. SCHENCK. No : but I am in earnest.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr*. BuCic]
has already moved an amendment,- which hafe
been sustained by the Committee of the Whole,
which allows these copper stills to be put in a
wall, without any space ai-oiind them, so that,
they may be tapped surreptitiously. The best
proof that these provisions have done good is
that we are getting at the rate of §48,000,000
a year under this act that we propose to incor-
porate in our general bill, while we got last year
only $13,000,000.
Mr. BOYDEN. Is not that owing to the
fact that we reduced the taX, from two dollars
to fifty cents per gallon ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is partly the reason,
no doubt; and to prove what! have said, I will
repeat, what! have before stated, that a seizure
was made only last week of a large distillery in
New York, where they had tapped one of these
Very worms before it reached the meter, car-
ried it down through the center of a solid post
until it reached the sill, and then along through
the sill until it reached the receiving-room, so
that they could draw it out as they pleased, and
what they formerly did for two dollars a, gal-
lon they are now ready to do for fifty cents
per gallon.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. -And what have they
paid to get off?
Mr. SCHENCK. Nothing, as the gefiite-
man means ; but one of his friends has gone
to Canada, as I have beea-adyised^ e ■
