1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6!
40tii Coxg .... 3d Hess.
State Passenger Taxes—Mr. Morton,.
Senate.
ried. So much for the legislation of the State
of Maryland.
I will now refer to the legislation of New
Jersey in regard to the Camden and Amboy
railroad and the different branches and exten-
sions of that road. By the twenty-third aec?
tion of the act of 1830 it is provided —
" That from and after "the completion of the said
road or roads it shall be the duty of the treasurer of
the said company, under oath or affirmationjto make
quarterly returns of the number of passengers and
the number of tons of goods, wares, and merchan-
dise transported on said road or roads to the treas-
urer of this State for the time being, and thereupon
to pay to the said treasurer of the State at thS-rate
often cents for each and every passenger, and the
sum of fifteen cents for each and every ton of mer-
chandise so transported therfon, and that no other
tax or impost shall be levied or assessed upon the
said company."
The law of New Jersey provides that for every
passenger carried on these roads the company
shall pay to the State ten cents, and for every
ton of merchandise carried fifteen cents.
Now, Mr. President, my first proposition is,
that these several provisions in the statutes of
Maryland and New Jersey are, in substance
and effect, a tax upon passengers, or perhaps
the phraseology might be better to say a tax
upon travel; and upon this point I will refer
to several authorities. But, first, as we all
understand, a tax to be paid by a railroad com-
pany upon each passenger carried is, in sub-
stance, a tax upon the passenger; because, in
the natu.e of things, it is added to the price
of the passage. Duties collected upon imports
we know are in fact levied upon the consumers.
The importer cannot afford to pay the duty on
the goods imported unless he adds it to the
price of the article imported ; so that, in point
of fact, the consumer, the purchaser of the
goods from the importer, pays the tax; and
every tax required to be paid by a railroad com-
pany for each passenger carried, whether it is
said to be thirty cents upon each passenger or
whether it is said to be one fifth of the whole
amount of money paid by the passenger, is in
substance a tax levied upon the passenger.
Tins position is so fully sustained by the
authorities that it is hardly worth while to elab-
orate it. The first case that I will refer to is
the case in 7 Howard, the case of Smith vs.
Turner, commonly known as one of the pas-
senger cases. The syllabus of the case is as
follows:
"A Scate law which requires the masters of vessels
engaged in foreign commerce to pay a certain sum to
abtate officer on aeount of every passenger brought
from a foreign country into theState, or before land-
ing any alien passenser in the State, is inoperative,
by reason of its conflict with the Constitution and
laws of the United States."'
In that case the State of Massachusetts and
the State of New York had each of them passed
statutes. In the case of New York, the one
under consideration, the statute provided that
the health commissioners should be entitled to
demand and receive from the master of every
vessel that should arrive in the port of New
York from a foreign port one dollar and a half
for every cabin passenger and one dollar for
each steerage passenger ; and from each coast-
ing vessel twenty-live cents for every person
on board. The statute of Massachusetts was
the same in substance, perhaps almost in lan-
guage. There the statute did not say it was
a tax upon the passenger. The tax was not'
levied upon the passenger in terms; but the
ship bringing the passenger had to pay so
much on account of bringing the passenger; j
and in the case of these railroad companies j
they are required to pay so much for each pas- j
setiger carried. In other words, the cases are j
precisely analogous. In the very able opinion ;
delivered by Mr. Justice Miller, of the Su- i
preme Court, in the case of Crandall vs. The
State of Nevada, (6 Wallace, 40,) he uses the
following language, after quoting the New York
statute: !
11 That statute docs not use language so strong ae
the Nevada statute, indicative of a personal tax on ,
the passenger, but merely taxes the master of the I
vessel according to tho number of passengers "— '
Just as in New Jersey and in Maryland—
" but tho court held it to be a tax upon the passen-
ger, and that the master was the agent of the State
JtJL fts collection. Chief Justice Taney, while he
differed from the majority of the court and held the
law to be valid, said of the tax levied by the analo-
gous statute ol Massachusetts, that 'its payment is
the condition upon which the State permits the alien
passenger to come on shore and mingle -with its citi-
zens, and to reside among them. It is demanded of
the captain, and not-from every separate passenger,
for convenience of collection. But the burden evi-
dently falls upon the passenger, and he. in fact, pays
it, either in the enhanced, price 'if his passage or di-
rectly to the captain before he fa allowed to embark
for the voyage/ "
The laws of Massachusetts and of New York
cannot be distinguished in principle from the
laws of Maryland and New Jersey that I have
read. Now, Mr. President, I will refer to a
recent case in the Supreme Court, in which the
opinion of the court was delivered by Mr.
Justice Miller. It is a case which came up
from Nevada. In 1865 the Legislature of that
State passed an act enacting that " there shall
be levied and collected a capitation tax of one
dollar upon every person leaving the State by
any railroad, stage coach, or other vehicle en
gaged or employed in the business of trans-
porting passengers for hire? and that the pro-
prietors, owners, and corporations so engaged
should pay the said tax of one dollar for each
and every person so conveyed or transported
from the State. For the purpose of collecting
the tax another section required from persons
engaged in such business, or their agents, a
report, every month, under oath, of the num-
ber of passengers sotransported, and the pay-
ment of the tax to the sheriff or other proper
officer.
That was the statute of Nevada. It is true
the statute first declares that there shall be a
tax levied of a dollar on^each passenger; but
it is not collected off the passenger. The op-
erative words of the statute are those which
declare the stage company shall pay for each
passenger carried from the State the sum of
one dollar. And tbis was held by the Supreme
Court—and I believe the court was unani-
mous—to be a tax upon the passenger. The
court say:
" It is claimed by counsel for theState that thetax
thus -levied is not a tax upon the passenger, but upon
the business of the carrier who transports him.
" If the act were much more skillfully drawn to
sustain this hypothesis than it is, we should be very
reluctant to admit that any form of words, which
bad the effect to compel every person traveling
through the country by thecommon and usual modes
of public conveyance to pay a specific sum to the
State, was not a tax upon the right thus exercised.
The statute before us is not, however, embarrassed
by any nice difficulties of this character. The lan-
guage which we have just quoted is, that thereshall
be levied and collected a capitation tax upon every
person leaving the State by any railroad or stage
coach; and the remaining provisions of the act,
which refer to this tax, only provided a mode of col-
lecting it."
And that is precisely the case -with these
statutes of Maryland and New Jersey. They
did not say that there shall be a tax levied upon
the passenger any more than the statutes of
New Y$rk and Massachusetts said so, but that
the company shall pay for each passenger so
much money to the State, it being in substance
a tax upon the passenger, and the railroad com-
pany being simply made the agents for the col-
lection of it. The authorities on this point are
so strong and so direct that it is hardly worth
while to occupy the attention of the Senate by
commenting further on it.
Assuming, then, that this is a tax upon pas-
sengers or upon travel, which amounts to the
same thing, my next proposition is that it is in
violation of the Constitution of the United
States, and is therefore void. I do not mean
to say that it is in violation of any particular
provision of the Constitution of the United
States, but! assume that the Constitution guar-
anties to every citizen of the United States the
right of free travel throughout all the States
and Territories, without taxation, interruption,
or obstruction by State laws; that it is a right
spriugiug essentially from the character of our
Government, from the very nature of the Union.
Our Constitution gives to us a common coun-
try, and every citizen of the United States has
a right to travel into or out of or through any
State or Territory without being subject to any
tax or obstruction by State laws. This is my
general proposition, and in support of it'I will
read from the opinion of the Supreme Court
in the case to which I' have just referred?
" The People of these United States constitute one
nation. They nave a Government iri which all of
them are deeply interested. This Government has
necessarily a capital established by law, jrtere its
principal operations are conducted. Here sits its
Legislature, composed of Senators and'Representa-
tives from the States and from the people of the
States. Here resides thePresident, directing, through
thousands of agents, the execution of the laws over
all this vast country. Here is the seat of the supreme
judicial power of the nation, to which all its citizens
have a right to resort to claim justice at its hands.
Here are the great Executive Departments, "admin-
istering the offices of the mails, of the public lands,
ot the collection and distribution of the public rev-
enues, and of our foreign relations. These are all
established and conducted under the admitted powers
of the Federal Government. That Government has
a ri^ht to call to this point any or all of its citizens
to aid in its service, as members of the Congress, of
the courts, of the Executive Departments, and to fill
all its other offices; and this right cannot be made to
dependupon thepleasureofaStateoVerwhose terri-
tory they meat pass reach the point where these
services must be rendered. The Government, also,
has its offices of secondary importance in all other
parts of the country. On the sea-coasts and on the
rivers it has its ports of entry. In the interior it has
its land ofiieeS, its revenue offices, and its sub-Treas-
uries. In all these it demands the services of its citi-
zens, and is entitled to bring them to" those "points
from all quarters of the nation, and- no power can
exist in a State to obstruct this ri^ht that would not
enable it to defeat the purposes tor which the Gov-
ernment was established.
" The Federal power has a right to declare and
prosecute wars, and, as a necessary incident, to.raise
and transport troops through and over the territory
of any State of tbe union.
"If this right is dependent in any sense, however
limited, upon the pleasure of a State, the Government
itself may be overthrown by an obstruction to its
exercise. Much the largest part of the transporta-
tion of troops during the late rebellion was by rail-
roads, and largely through States whose people were
hostile to the Union. If the tax levied by Nevada
on railroad passengers had been the law of Tennes-
see, enlarged to meet the wishes of her people, the
Treasury of the United States could not have paid
the tax necessary to enableits armies to pass through
her territory.
"But if the Government has these rights on her
own account, the citizen also has correlative rights.
He has the right to come to the seat of Government
to assert any claim he may have upon that Govern-
ment, or to transact any business he may have with
it. To seek its protection, to share its offices, to
engage in administering its functions. He has a
right to free access to its sea-ports, through which
all the operations of foreign trade and commerce
are conducted, to the sub-Treasuries, th e land offices,
the revenue offices, and the courts of justice in the
several States, and thisrightisinitsnature indepen-
dent of the will of any State over whose soil hemust
pass in the exercise of it."
If the State of New Jersey and the State of
Maryland have a right to levy a tax upon pas-
sengers, they have a right to prevent travel,
because they can make their tax so high as to
make it prohibitory in its character. If they
have a right to levy ten cents they have a right
to make the .tax $100, or they have a right to
make it $1,000. This is very fully stated in
this opinion. The court say :
"It is not possible to condense the conclusive argu-
ment of Chief Justice Marshall in McCul lock State
of Maryland, and it is too i&mihar to justify its re-
production here; but an extract or two, in which the
results of his reasoning arc stated, will serve to show
its applicability to the case before us, 'That the
power of taxing the bank by the States,'he says,
' may be exercised so as to destroy it is too obvious
to be denied. But taxation is said to be an absolute
power, which acknowledges no other limit than those
prescribed by the Constitution, and, like sovereign
power oi any description, is trusted to the discretion
of those who use i*. But the very terms of this argu-
ment admit that the sovereignty of the State in the
article of taxation is subordinate to and may be con-
trolled by the Constitution of the United State?/
Again hesays, * We find. then, on just theory, a to-
tal failure of the original rightto.tax the means em-
ployed by the Government ot the Union for the exe-
cution of its powers. The right never existed, and
the question of its surrender cannot arise.'" * *
■h * "'Thattbepower to tax involves thepower
to destroy; that the power to destroy may defeat
and render usdess the power to create; that there
is a plain repugnance in conferring on one govern-
ment a power to control the constitutional measures
of another, which other, with respect to those very
