1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. ELDBIDGE. He is no friend of mine;
but I suppose he is inside the ring with my
friend from Ohio, and will get off with a very-
little sum.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot notice such talk
as that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend section
seventeen by adding to it the following:
Provided, That the provision of this section as to
n;iiu. iug shall not apply to distilleries making fifty
barrels or less.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was not agreed to—ayes twelve, noes
not counted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that all further debate be closed on so much
of this amendment as relates to whisky.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I mean that there shall be
no further debate upon it if we go on to-night,
or when we again resume the consideration
of it.
Mr. COVODE. I object; for I wantto offer
an amendment.
Mr. DEWEESB. I move to amend section
fifty-nine of this amendment by adding at the
end of line two the words "distillers of brandy
from apples, peaches, and grapes, exclus-
ively, shall pay a tax of twenty-five dollars.''
In my district I suppose I may safely say that
there are between eight hundred and one thou-
sand small stills that are owned by the farmers
and used for making brandy for their own
family consumption.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. De-
wteese] that section fifty-nine of this amend-
ment was stricken out some time ago by the
Committee of the Whole. His amendment is
therefore not now in order.
Mr. DEVVEESE. Then I move it to the
next section. I want to protect the small dis-
tilleries.
The CHAIRMAN. The next section re-
lates to tobacco, so that his amendment is not
germane to that.
Mr. COVODE. I move to amend section
twelve by striking out the words at the close
of the section, "but such meal or flour only
to be used for distillation on the premises."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not want to take
time in discussing this matter further. I de-
oire that this House shall understand the hard-
ships that have been experienced by certain
parties in consequence of not being able to get
their flour made at these distilleries. I have
offered my amendment for the purpose of en-
abling them to have the flour ground where they
have always had_ it done heretofore. I will
add that the law is totally disregarded, that it
cannot be enforced even in the districts where
the attempt has been made to put it into opera-
tion. There is no utility in having in existence
a law that cannot be enforced.
Mr. MAYNAI1D. It seems to me the gen-
tleman would do well to tell us by what ma-
chinery we can enforce the law in his district.
[Laughter,]
Mr. COVODE. Any laws that are reason-
able and wholesome can be enforced there.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I was going to remark
that, if I understand my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Covode] correctly, his district is
in a state of rebellion. [Laughter.]
Mr. COVODE. They do not pretend to en-
force this law there.
Mr. SCHENCK. I sympathize with the
gentleman's purpose in offering this amend-
ment; for if I understood him correctly the
other day, he lost his election last fall (if his
election is lost) on account of this particular
provision forbidding the carrying on of the flour
business at distilleries
Mr. COVODE. Yes, this very section.
Mr. SCHIiNCK. The reason for inserting
tins provision mast be manifest, 1 think, to
every one. We find it next to impossible to
control these distillers at any rate. They are
at least as cunning as the law-makers, if not
more so. One of the gaeat difficulties has been
that under the pretense of distilling they have
carried on various other kinds of business,
among the rest a general milling business.
Thus smuggling of whisky back and forth and
frauds of various kinds have been practiced in
distilleries where a different business from dis-
tilling was permitted to be carried on within the
same building. To prevent such frauds it has
been for some time past the policy of the law,
though we have abated itsomewhat in this bill,
not to permit any other business, not even the
grinding of flour, to be carried on in a distill-
ery. We have provided, however, that flour
or meal may be manufactured to be used for
purposes of distillation ; but we do not propose
to permit the grinding of meal or flour gener-
ally at distilleries. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Covode] desires that this pro-
hibition shall be abolished. We have relaxed
the law so far as to authorize the distilleries to
grind on the same premises and in the same
building the flour or meai that is used in the
distillery. But the gentleman wants us to go
further and amend the law so that a general
milling business maybe carried 011 at a distill-
ery. Now, much as I desire that my friend
representing so well his district shall come here
from Congress to Congress, and much as I
regret that he should have lost his election, as
he thinks he did, upon this section of the bill,
I do not think that the particular advantage of
having him here would compensate for throw-
ing open the door to so much fraud as we have
tried so guard against by the provision which
the gentleman proposes to strilse out. I hope
the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, Ihope that
the amendment will prevail. If I understand
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means he means to say that a man shall not
follow the business of milling and that of dis-
tilling at the same time.
Mr. SCHENCK. In the same building.
Mr. DICKEY. Ah, that is just tin point.
In Pennsylvania, for instance, a man has a
water-power or a steam-engine; he desires to
grind Hour for customers, and with the same
power or machine to chop grain for his own
use in distilling. Under this system that man
is confined by law exclusively to chopping grain
for the purpose of making whisky.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all—in a different
building.
Mr. DICKEY. Here is a county farmer
who has a distillery and a mill driven by the
same water-wheel. If he continues to distill
under your bill he must abandon the milling
business. That is the complaint my friend
pakes, and it is the universal complaint, unless
in large cities where they manufacture whisky
out of molasses or from rotten grain.
Mr. COVODE. I will say that it has been
the custom for the people to have their grain
ground at these mills. They are the bestflour-
ing mills in the country.
Mr. ALLISON. The law prohibits the busi-
ness of grinding flour in the same building where
the distillation of spirits is carried on, for the
reason that a distiller is required to furnish the
amount of grain and other material used in
manufacturing whisky, and if he carries on the
business of grinding flour in the same building
it will be utterly impossible for the officer of
the Government to ascertain how much has
been used in the manufacture of whisky and
how much in the manufacture of flour.
Mr. DICKEY. I will ask the gentleman
from Iowa whether the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue has not given a dozen of dif-
ferent decisions as to what was the same
building?
Mr. ALLISON. I am not responsible for
what the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may decide, but I know that the law prohibits
the carrying on of the business of milling in
the same building where whisky is distilled.
Mr. PAINE. I should like to know how
many speeches are allowed on one amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Further discussion is
not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania insist on a vote 011 his amend-
ment?
Mr. COVODE. I do.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 25, noes 29 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Covode and Mr.
Schenck.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. COVODE. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to stop ail further debate so far as relates to
distilled spirits.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. There is no quorum
present. The gentleman has no idea that this
will go through.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that, all further
debate be closed on the provisions relating to
distilled spirits.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move on page
86, section sixty-seven, line seven, to strike out
''and stamps" and insert ''but;" so that it
will read as follows :
Sice. 67. And be it further enacted. That tho Com-
missioner ot Internal Revenue shall en use to be pre-
pared suitable and special revenue stamps for pay-
ment of the tax on tobacco and snuff, which stamps
shall indicate the weight and class of the article on
which payment is to be made, and shnll be affixed
and canceled in tho mode prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Kevenuo, but when used on any-
wooden package shall be canceled by sinking a por-
tion of tho same into tho wood with a steel die, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move on the same page
in line five to strike out the words "and shall
be," and in lieu thereof to insert:
And all stamps for packages of one pound or more
in weight shall be numbered; and tuero shall be a
blank space for tho written signature of the collector
to whom they may be furnished, and a registry shall
be kept of the amounts and numbers of stamps fur-
nished to any collcctor, and all stamps representing
tax 011 tobacco or snuff shall be.
Mr. Chairman, we discover they are counter-
feiting stamps, and this amendment provides
that they shall be numbered and registered so
that the Government can keep the run of
them. It makes the system safer for the Gov-
ernment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 42, noes 6 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Tne CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order when the committee is dividing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is late, and we can-
not go any further this evening.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Elokidge and Mr. Schenck.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 42, noes 7 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Under the rules the roll
must be called ; and I insist that shall be done
so that we may see who are the absentees.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, when
the following members failed to answer to
their names:
Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Delos II. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axteil, Bailey,
Baldwin, Bank;?, Barnes, Barnum, Bcaman, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Blair. Boles.
Boutweli, Bowen, Boyer. Bromwell, Brooks, Bu<-k-
l.ind, Buckley, Buir, Beujamin F. Butler, Cake,
Callis, Gary, Chanier, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Ciift, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Dawes,
Delano. Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Dmg;?, E^kley,
Edwards, Eggleston, Eln, Thomas D. Eliot, James
1\ Eiliott, Farnsworth, Eerriss. Ferry, Fields, Fox.
French, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner, Goss, Govo,
Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Harding,
Ilaughey, Heaton, Iligbv, Hill, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Julian, Kellogsr, Kelscy, Kerr, Kitchen,
Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Lougbridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marshall, M:irvin, McCarthy, McCormick. McCul-
lough, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Morrissey,
Mullins, Mungen, Jfewcomb, Newsham, Nicholson,
Nunn, Orth, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pike, Pile,
Plouts, Poland, Polsley,Prince, Pruyn, Hoots, R^ss,
Sawyer, Selyc, Sheilabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith,
