62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
40th Cons....3d Sess.
means, is declared to be supreme over that which
exerts the control, are propositions not to be denied.
If the States may tax one instrument employed by
the Govern men t in the execution of its powers it
may tax any and every other instrument. They may
tax the mail: they may tax the Mint; they may tax
patent rights; thev may tax the papers of the eus-
toifi-house; they may tax judicial process; they may
tax all the means employed by the Government to
an excess which would defeat ali the ends of govern-
ment. , This was not intended by the American peo-
ple. They did not design to make their Government
dependent on the States.'
" It will be observed that it was not the extent of
the tax in that case which was complained of, but
the right to levy any tax of that character. So in the
case before us it may be said that a tax of one dollar
for passing through the State of Nevada, by stage-
coach or by railroad, cannot sensibly affect any func-
tion of the< Government or deprive a citizen of any
valuable right. But if the State can tax a railroad
passenger one dollar, it can tax him $1,000. If one
State can do this, so can every other State; and thus
one or more States, covering the only practicable
routes of travel from the East to the West, or from
the North to the South, may totally prevent or seri-
ously burden all transportation of passengers from
one partof the country to the other."
This is a hoary abuse. It has not been the
interest of the railroad companies to resist this,
because the States might then take from those
companies their special privileges. It has not
been to the interest of any one passenger to
resist, and therefore for a quarter of a cen-
tury have these States almost; supported their
State governments by levying a tax upon the
traveling public.
We have various other illustrations of this
question. For example, the State of Maryland
on another occasion passed a law levying a
tax upon the notes of the Bank of the United
States circulated within the limits of the State
of Maryland. This bank was created by author-
ity of the General Government, The State of
Maryland assumed that she had a right to tax
its notes within her limits. The Supreme Court
decided that the law of Maryland taxing the
notes of the bank was in violation of the Con-
stitution of the Uuited States. And why?
Beeause, if Maryland could tax those notes at
all, she might levy a tax sufficient to drive them
out. of the State of Maryland; and if Maryland
could do it, every other State could do it, and
thus the Bank of the United States be virtually
destroyed by State legislation.
There is another illustration of this doctrine.
The Supreme Court, in the case of Weston vs.
The City of Charleston, some forty years ago,
decided that the city of Charleston had no right
to levy a tax upon the stocks and securities of
the United States; and why? BecausetheGov-
ernment of the United States had a right to
borrow money; the Government could not bor-
row money without issuing stocks and securi-
ties, and if the city of Charleston or the State
of South Carolina had a right to tax those
securities they could make it unprofitable for
any man to hold a Government bond in the
State of South Carolina. They could, there-
fore, tax every Government bond out of that
State; and if South Carolina could tax Gov-
ernment bonds out of that State, Maryland and
every other State could do the same; and hence
it was held that the States had no right to levy
a tax upon the stocks or securities of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and that decis-
ion has been since followed and is now recog-
nized as the law of the land.
Again, Mr. President, on another occasion
the State of Maryland provided that no person
could sell in that State imported goods in the
original packages without first procuring a
license from the State. It was held by the
Supreme Court of the United States that this
was in violation of the right that every citizen
had who had imported goods; that if the State
of Maryland could require a license to sell
goods by a man who had imported them Mary-
land could prohibit importations by making
that license so high that no man could afford
to pay it. Therefore, that law was held to be
void.
Then, Mr. President, the general principle
is. that wherever a right exists under the Con-
stitution of the United States the exercise or
enjoyment of that right cannot be taxed by
any State, directly or indirectly. It makes no
difference in what way the tax is levied, if it is
in fact and in substance a tax upon the enjoy-
ment or exercise of any right secured by the
Constitution of the United States it is in vio-
lation of that instrument. And now I will
refer to the recent amendment, the fourteenth
article, which is also directly in point, but was
not in operation at the time these decisions
were made, and which goes to strengthen and,
in fact, directly establishes the point that I
make. The fourteenth article provides—
" " That no State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
That is a part of the new amendment, which
is now a portion of the Constitution, that no
State shall make or enforce any law that shall
abridge any privilege or immunity of a citizen
of the United States. Now, sir, the right of
free travel all over this country of ours is an
immunity that belongs to every citizen of the
United States, and any tax that is levied upon
it, directly or indirectly, is an abridgment of
that right.
I do not think it is necessary to rqad further.
I will, however, read an extract from the opin-
ion of Chief Justice Taney in the passenger
cases already referred to. In those cases the
eourtlieldthe statutes void forthe reason I have
described; but Chief Justice Taney dissented
from the opinion upon the ground that the tax
there levied was upon aliens coming into the
United States, and he said that each State had
a right to protect itself against foreign paupers,
against persons bringing contagious diseases,
and the States might do it in the form of taxes ;
but lest he might be misunderstood, lest his
dissenting opinion, should be carried further
than he intended, he made the following decla-
ration, which I will read :
"In speaking of the taxing power in this case, I
must, however, be understood as speaking of it as it
is presented in the record; that is to say, as the case
of passengers from a foreign port. The provisions
contained in that law relating to American citizens
who are passengers from the ports of other States is
a different question, and involves very different con-
siderations. It is not now before us, yet, in order to
avoid misunderstanding, it is proper to say that in
my opinion it cannot be maintained. Living, as we
do, under a common Government, charged with the
great concerns of the whole Union, every citizen of
the United States, from the most remote States or
Territories, is entitled to free access, not only to the
principal Departments established at Washington,
but also to its judicial tribunals and public offices in
every State and Territory of the Union. And the
various provisions in the Constitution of the United
States—snch, for example, as the right to sue in a
Federal court sitting in another State, the right to
pursue and reclaim one who has escaped from ser-
vice, the equal privileges and immunities secured to
citizens of other States, and the provision that ves-
sels bound to or from one State to another shall not
be obliged to enter and clearor pay duties—all prove
that it intended to secure the freest intercourse be-
tween the citizens of the different States. For all
the great purposes for which the Federal Government
was formed we are one people, with one common
country. We are all citizens of the United States;
and, as members of the same community, must have
the right to pass and repass through every part of it
without interruption as ireely as in our own States.
And a tax imposed by a State lor enteringlts terri-
tories or harbor* is inconsistent with the rights which
belong to the citizens of other States as membeis of
the Union, and with the objects which that Union
was intended to attain. Such a power in the States
could produce nothing but discord and mutual irri-
tation, and they very clearly do not possess it.
" But Upon the question which the record brings
up the judgment in the New York case, as well as
that from Massachusetts, ought, in my opinion, to
be affirmed."
In this opinion Chief Justice Taney says,
that while he believes a State has a right to
impose a tax upon aliens coming into it from
a foreign country as a police regulation, yet
as between the several States and citizens of
the United States a State has no such power.
Sir, it is not an open question ; it is fully cov-
ered by the decisions of the Supreme Court.
And now the question is, what ought Congress
to do ? It has been submitted to for a quarter
of a century. Millions have been drawn from
the pockets of the traveling public to pay the
State expenses of New Jersey and Maryland,
and unless there is some action taken by Con-
gress this abuse will be continued. I propose
to cut this abuse up squarely, by making it a
misdemeanor for these corporations to pay
any tax to any State on account of passengers
carried, and to make it a forfeiture for any
State officer or State agent to receive from any
corporation or from an/body else any sum of
money as a price, condition, or tax for the
transportation of passengers across the State,
into the State, or out of the State. Sir, this
abuse has been borne long enough ; but it will
continue to exist unless it is met by legislation
like this. Let us pass this bill, and the ques-
tion must be settled at once. My bill gives to
the Supreme Court appellate jurisdiction in all
these cases. If the officer of a railroad com-
pany is fined for paying over this tax to the
State, either party has the right to appeal to
the Supreme Court and have the question set-
tled at once. If the State officer is proceeded
against by action of debt for receiving the tax
he has his right of appeal, or the State has the
right of appeal, and the question eanbe settled
within one hundred days or within six months
from this time. But unless we pass this bill,
or something like it, we may for the next
twenty-five years, as we have forthe last, con-
tinue to support the State governments of
Maryland and New Jersey by taxes levied
upon the travelers from other States and
countries.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF IION. JAMES BROOKS,
of new york,
Ik the House of Representatives,
December 15, 1808.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole,
and having under consideration the bill (H. R. Ko.
1349) to increase the revenue from duties on impoi ts,
and tending to equalize exports and imports-
Mr. BROOKS said:
Mr. Chairman ; The bill before us is from
the Ways and Means Committee, reported in
the hot summer months of the last session of
the Fortieth Congress, then referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and now this win-
ter, after the recess, suddenly reappearing be-
fore us and hot-pressed, as we see by the ayes
and noes just taken, for immediate action.
Unprepared as I am at this moment on this
sudden and unexpected call for action, I can-
not do justice to a bill in my judgment so
unjust, so unequal, so iniquitous, and so de
structive to some of the best interests of the
country. But little preparation, however, is
necessary to expose such a bill as this, if the
House will give me a little attention to the
analysis. Facts in everybody's hand or head
supply all the logic necessary for its overthrow,
and the amazement will be, as I exhibit these
facts, that so high-standing a committee as that
of the Ways and Means should ever have had—
I will only say the politeness—the courtesy to
give this bill here a standing; for their judg-
ment could never have approved it, and its
presentation must have been only in courtesy
to Pennsylvania, or to the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moouhead] who,
for his State, is fathering it.
this tariff hill a pkxnsylv vn'ia bill.
This bill, Mr. Chairman, is but a local bill,
with no real nationality, not even the odor of
nationality about it; and it is almost exclu-
sively a Pennsylvania bill, with a few plums
thrown in for the copper miners of Michigan
or the copper capitalists of New Yoik and Bos-
ton, or a few other plnms to comparatively
small special interests, in orderto tempteuough
votes in this House to carry the Pennsylvania
burden iu it. To New England the bill is a
blow, a destructive blow, and to New York as
fatal a blow as this House can well give, while
to the great West it, is nothing but blows, and
