THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
~ The joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States was read a first and second time.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be read in full.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring,)
That the following article bo proposed to the Legis-
latures of tke several States as an amendment to tho
Constitution of the United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of'said Legislatures, shall be
held as part of said Constitution, namely:
Article —.
Sec. 1. Therightpfany citizen of the United States
to vote shall not bedenied or abridged by the United
States or any State by reason of tho race, cplor, or
previous condition of slavery of any citizen or class
of citizens of the United States.
Sec. 2. The Congress shall hnve power to enforce
by proper legislation tho provisions of this article.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the joint
resolution be printed and recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
recommitted to the Committee on tho J udiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered upon the Journal.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (II. R. No. 1667)
declaring who may vote for electors for Presi-
dent ana Vice President and for Represent-
atives in Congress; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was recommitted to
the Committee on tho Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered upon the Journal.
SLAVERY IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the rules be
suspended for tho purpose of introducing and
agreeing to the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whore,is Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Cottin, of the
United States Army, a sub-assistant commissioner
of the Frecdmou'h Bureau fur tin; Suite of Kentucky,
in nis report, for Hovomber last, makes tho following
etatemont: "It may seem strange to many that in
parts ol Kentucky slavery exists as unquestionably as
beloro the proclamation of (,ho amendment to tho
C/OUstttution abolishing it. In tho countiesof Owen,
Inmble, and Carroll, and several other,counties of
iuy district, negroes ore kept in a state of vassalage
tantamount to tho okl system of slavery. In those
counties negroes aro not permitted to livo in homes
or houses of their own: aro not permitted t.o live
apart from the whito owners of the soil, but aro com-
pelled to leave tho country or occupy tho out-houses
or sheds, as in days ofslaveiy;" and whereas many
oi these persons uio children ignorant of their rights
and unable to defend them, and many others aro too
poor to employ counsel and meet tho expenses of
litigating then-rights in thcFcdoral courts,and hun-
dreds of m 11 e  d is t an t: Tli orofure,
nesotved, tho Judiciary Committee bo in-
structeu to uiquirointo tho expediency of providing
"i", t '"'"r <he appointment, by competent authority,
of United States commissioners, in convenient and
suitabio localities, with power to issue writso ihabeas
corpus, to hear and determine applications and
causes involving such illegal slavcliofdiug, and that
said comiuittoo report by bill or otherwiso.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I have the honor
to represent two of the counties named in the
preamble of this resolution, and I believe the
statement therein named is entirely false, and
that the proposed action is totally unnecessary.
Mr. JULIAN. I give official authority for
the statement in the preamble.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate
in order?
The SPEAKER. Tt is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. .Then I
object to debate.
The motion to suspend the rules was then
agreed to, there being upon a division—ayes
81, noes 22, (two thirds voting in the affirma-
tive.) and the preamble and resolution intro-
duced and agreed to.
Mr._ JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDEE OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
making my motion to go into Committee of
the Whole, I will yield in the first place to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to my col-
league yielding.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
several gentlemen who desire to introduce
matters by unanimous consent. I do not wish
to press ray motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the naval appropriation bill until
those gentlemen shall have had an opportunity
to introduce their several propositions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I objectto my col-
league holding the floor and farming it out.
He must either surrender the floor or go on
with his business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Isurrender
the floor to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot,
with properrespect for the Chair, surrender the
floor on condition that the Chair shall award it
to a particular gentleman. If he surrenders the
floor it reverts, underthe custom of the House, to
thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswokth.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
will not surrender the floor. 1 move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and proceed to tho con-
sideration of the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. PIKE. I understand that the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnstvorth] is will-
ing that his colleague shall yield to me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am willing to give
way as soon as I can offer a resolution.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I wish to inquire what
bill comes up if we go into Committee of
the Whole? I understand it is the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. The naval appropriation
bill has priority as a special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to modify my motion so as to rescind the order
of the House making the naval bill a special
order, my object being to allow an hour or
two of general debate on any subject. It can
be done by unanimous consent. I presume.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move,
then, to reconsider the vote by which the
House made the naval bill a special order.
Tho motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. WASllBURNE, of Illinois. So far as
I am concerned I did not desire any extended
general debate; but several other gentlemen
wished to make speeches. I move that when
the House shall resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole upon the special order all general
debate on the bill be closed in thirty minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and proceed to the consideration of .
tho naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
NATAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, (Mr. BtAiN'Einthe
chair.) and proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 1590, making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th
June, 1870.
The Clerk proceeded to read tho bill.
Mr. CULLOil. 1 move thatthe first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatwili require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The Clerk concluded the first reading of the
bill.
'The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to the following item ;
Navy-yard at Kew York:
For repairs of all kinds, S100.000.
I wish to inquire whether this amount is in
accordance with the estimate of the Depart-
ment, or merely the gentleman'sown estimate?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, it is the appropriation recommended by
the Committee on Appropriations upon the
estimate of the Department. It is not as large
as the amount asked for by the Navy Depart-
ment, but it is a sufficient sum for all the
repairs at this navy-yard that the Committee
on Appropriations deem necessary.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, whether he has any objection
to mention the amount of the estimate by the
Navy Department? There is a good deal of
important work going on at the New York
navy-yard. It is a question not only of local
importance, but a question of national import-
ance ; and I think that the House should under-
stand the reason for this proposed reduction, in
view of the statements and estimates of the
Navy Department itself. I should like to hear
the amount originally proposed by the Navy
Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The esti-
mate of the Navy Department is $250,000.
The amount which the Committee on Appro-
priations has reported, as the gentleman from
New York has suggested, is $100,000. Last
year, I think, the Navy Department modestly
asked that wo should appropriate about four
million dollars at New York, and in the
Navy appropriation bill we only appropriated
$140,000. They have got along well with that,
remarkably well, and I believe they ean get
along very well with this appropriation of
$100,000.
Mr. CHANLER. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman is of the opinion that we can get along
without anything appropriated for the Navy.
Perhaps he does not think that a Navy is ne-
cessary at all. Living in Illinois, he may think
that we can get along without a Navy until a
foreign invading foe has reaehedTllinois. But,
sir, this House knows that it is absolutely ne-
cessary for the protection of our commerce
that our navy-yards should be kept up in a
proper condition of efficiency. 1 do not see,
therefore, why the opinions of an experimental
philosopher of the caliber of the gentleman
from Illinois should be set up in defiance to
the opinions of the Navy Department, which
is responsible for carrying on the work of the
navy-yards of the country and seeing that they
are properly and efficiently kept up. Y"et the
chairman of the Con^ibittee on Appropriations
has assumed the responsibility of reducing this
appropriation. That the Navy Department last
year asked for ayappropriation which it did not
get, and whiclylt has not again asked for, is no
evidence thaylt was not really needed, or that
the amount estimated for this year is not neces-
sary for tbdpurposes specified by tho Depart-
ment. 1/rust that the estimates of the Navy
Department will be kept, in this instance,
withoutf reduction.
MrJROBINSON. Mr. Chairman, asacom-
pJwafse between the appropriation here pro-
posed and the estimate of the Navy Department,
I move that the appropriation for repairs of all
kinds at the navy-yard at New York be increased
to $150,000. As I understand the gentleman
from Illinois, chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, the Navy Department esti-
mates 5250,000 as absolutely necessary for the
repairs to be made at this Brooklyn navy yard.
I hope that the amendment appropriating
§150,000 will be adopted.
Mr. PIKE. I hope that the amendment will
not be adopted. There are two courses that
this House can pursue in this matter of navy-
yards: one is to let them run down, upon the
ground that there is no necessity -even for a
navy of ;any kind, and that is the spirit which
seems to actuate the appropriations reported
in this bill. If, therefore, the House shall
conclude to take that course, then it is hardly
worth while to change the bill in so small an
amount, as from $100,000 to $150,000, in re-
ference to this great navy-yard at Brooklyn.
