1808.]
40xil >Sfcra.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The. Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
Ho. of Reps.
blows of the hardent kind. But this bill, Mr.
Chairman, this  h rt bill, is only the premoni-
tory system of a long bill, a very long bill
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
MoobhkadJ isconcocting for you, [Mr. Brooks
here held up a big roll of paper, the bill in
preparation,] and which you are expected to
take as soon as you have swallowed this. That
bill leaves nothing in iron, in steel, in wire
"unprotected," as the wicked phrase is; that is,
nothing unsecured to some existing'monopoly
by a bounty rising from forty to five hundred
per cent. It would seem from the reading of
this bill that there was scarcely a rich manu-
facturing Pennsylvania capitalist who had not
come here and asked for •* bounty," and who
had not touched the heart of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania enough to win it. Not only
is iron, rolled, hammered, known as "T,"
"L," and "II.'' provided for, but rods, nail,
slit, hoop, band, trip, scalp, tubes, scroll, and
chains, trace-chains, halter-chains, and fence-
chains, anvils, blacksmiths* hammers, bolts,
rivets, tubes, and flues, hinges of all kinds,
saws,frogs, fish-bar,side-bar,splice-bar.finger-
bar, crow-bar—ay, everything and anything,
the product in iron of Pennsylvania upon
which a levy can be laid to extort taxes from
the farmer of Missouri or Illinois or Minne-
sota or from the South and West generally.
Not the plow nor the anvil of the man, nor
even the crinoline of the woman, is rcspected,
for on all, more or less, there is an increase
of duty of from twenty to one hundred per
cent.
HIGH WHTO TARIFF THIRTY PER CENT.—PRESENT
AYKRAGE TARIFF OVEK fORTY-EIGHT.
Sir, I am admonished as a Whig of the school
of Henry Clay and Darnel Webster, who went
far beyond the live and ten percent, protective
school of Alexander Hamilton, to stand twenty,
ay. even thirty per cent, of protection, which
was the limit of the line we were expected to
siand, but now, while living under a tariff which
runs from thirty to tire hundred per cent, of
"protection," and averaging over forty-eight \
per cent., we are calied upon for a further
increase, and that is so arranged that no man
can well understand the increase proposed,
but which means from five to live hundred per
cent, more of additional bounty.
cos(;nK'"3S pledged iN' iJ TO UFM.vf: THE EXTERNAL
TARIFF WHEN" IT KFBCCKl) THE ISTKRNAl. TARIFF.
Mr. Chairman, you will recollect, this House
will well recollect, that when during the war,
June 30, 18'i4. we levied an internal revenue
tax on manufactures to meet the expenses of
that war. we also increased the external tariff
act in a per cent, of like proportions. Yoa
reasoned, and we all admitted, that it would
not be just to increase the burdens of the man-
ufacturers at home to support the war unless
at the same time we increased the burdens
upon the foreign manufacturers. While this
proposition of equality was met with general
assent, it was then also the general assent, the ]
concurrent agreement 1 may say. if not com- j
pact, that when we took the percentage of
increase off from the American manufacturers, j
in like manner we should take off the percent- <
age of increase from the foreign manufactured j
articles imported. j
Thus, when we levied the internal revenue j
taxes by the act of June 1804. we levied j
an additional tanil' dutv, vaiying from iive to i
fifty per cent., at the same time, with the un-
derstanding. if not tfie actual compact, that, if
the internal tax came off the external tax
should come otf also. This compact has not
been kept. By the act of March last we took 1
oH the internal tax upon manufacturers to the j
amount of ^fiiUK>lU K> without reducing the
prices to the eonMim< r upm their aitieles to
any appteemble extent. Or, In other word^.
we relieved the mnnnfuehitvr^ tmm ;0,tHH>.000
'axes, leaving neaily ail o'her impositions upon
the people, while now Mime of those usanu-
j1 faeturers have the impudence to call upon Con-
!, gress not only to break the compact of June
j; SO, 1864, but actually to increase their protec-
; tion or bounty, some of them to an enormous
I: percentage. And the gentleman from Peon-
s' sylvania is the organ of this breach of faith,
l'j though pig iron, an especial product of his
b State, is dearer now than it was before the tax
!; was removed!
PEOPOSm IXCEEASKD TAX OS COPPBS.
Now, let us analyze the bill before us. The
first item proposed is afresh copper tax which,
estimating the ton at twenty-two hundred and
forty pounds, actually proposes an additional
duty of $-54 40 on imported copper in ores,
a prohibitory duty, because the Lake Superior
mines, with this enormous profit per ton guar-
antied them by law, could always afford to
undersell the smelters in this country, who
are obliged, by the nature of this domestic ore,
to admix foreign ore with domestic ores in the
act of smelting. Under the existing tariff the
duty on imported copper in ores is now com-
puted at about three quarters of one per cent,
per pound. The bill before us proposes to
increase this tax to three cents per pound ;
that is, to increase it by two and a quarter
cents per pound.
Prevent tariff Proposed tariff
per pound. per pound.
Regains of copper, black
and coarse eupper_ 2i cents. 4 cents.
Old copper Is cents, i cjnts.
Copper, in plates, pigs,
and other forms  2i cents. 5 cents.
Copper in ores   i of 1 cent. 3eents.
The owners and the workers of the Lake
Superior mines tell us this bounty is indispens-
able for their prosperity, and they draw deplor-
able. pictures of the copper villages in that
region in order to influence the sympathies of
this House. Sir, I do cot believe that in any
agricultural State of this Union the people can
long suffer from starvation where farms may
be had from the nation by the mere squatting
upon them : but if this be so, I know of no
right which copper men have to claim bounties
from that nation to work copper mines more
than farms. If copper cannot be successfully
worked upon Lake Superior potatoes can be.
The lakes abound in fish and the forests in
wood and lumber, which command the highest
prices The Lake Superior mines, it is esti-
mated, averaged from 1845 to the close of the
year 1807 but about nine million pounds per
year, while the consumption was twenty-four
mllion pounds per year, and it is these fifteen
millions per year, which it is proposed by a
prohibitory duty to drive from market in order
that it may be furnished at a higher price than
it can now be bought for. Sir, if I am cor-
rectly informed as to copper mining and the cop-
per trade, one cause of the depression of Lake
Superior miuing is the less demand for copper
in the markets of the world, and the greater
difficulty of mining copper than in Chili and
elsewhere. The copper product of Great Brit-
ain has largely declined, namely, from iifteen
thousand nine hundred and sixty-eight tons in
I860 to ten thousand eight hundred tons in
18ti7.
The East Indian no longer absorbs copper
as once he did, but uses gold and silver instead.
Iron steamships, which need no copper sheet-
ing, have now superseded the wooden copper-
sheeted ships. Copper mines in some coun-
tries are surface mines easily worked, or on the
coast, whence freights-are cheap therefrom,
while the Lake Superior mines arc far in the
interior and not cheaply worked, not only be-
cause of their locality, but from the necessity
of bringing labor and provisions to remote dis-
tricts there. Sir, 1 know of no duty of the
great American people, the consumers of cop-
per, to pay tribute to a few unprintable copper
mines on Lake Superior any moie than to pay
tribute to hot-houses to raise sugar or grapes
ihere. 1 know of no right one has to tax the
brass-founder, the brass-worker, or the boiler-
maker, or any employment into which copper
enters, for the benefit of a few copper-workers
in northern Michigan, or for the benefit of a
few capitalists in my own New York district, or
Boston, that own the greater part of the stock
of these mines, more especially when the
smelters of copper are compelled by the laws
of nature to mix a certain quantity of foreign
carbonate ores into the local sulphoret ores
of the United States.
This proposed* act contemplates (estimating
the ton at two thousand two hundred and forty
pounds) the following dulies:
On the estimated product of fine copper from ores
imported, a duty per ton of. -  $f>7 20
On the estimatedproduet of finccopper from
regains of copper, and all black or eoarse
copper, a duty per ton of.     $89 00
On old copper, fit only for remaoufacture, a
duty per ton of.  $8$ 60
On all copper in plates, bars, ingots, pigs, or
in other forms not above enumerated, a
duty per ton of $112 00
SHIP-BUILDISO INTEREST.
Sir, there is a greater interest in this coun-
try, a great national interest, that reaches far
higher than the copper mining of Lake Supe-
rior, and that is the shipping interest of the
United States. Congress, sir, has already, by
the enormity of its taxation upon iron and
cordage aud copper, driven from the ocean
every American steamer not supported by a
subsidy from the Government. Our predeces-
sors in Congress carefully fostered the Ameri-
can ship, the American sailor, and the Ameri-
can flag. The fisheries were struggled for
and secured to train the American sailor.
The treaties with Great Britain -in 1783, and
in 1816, carefully secured us equal rights on
the sea. Our fathers, in the primitive days of
our Republic, at the close of the last century,
and in the beginning of this, by their wise legis-
lation, spread onr canvass and our flag from
the Arctic to the Antarctic, and from the In-
dies of the West to the Indies of the East.
'' Free trade and sailors' rights'' were emblems
emblazoned on the pendants of our ships at
the close of the war of 1816, under and over
the stars and stripes; and it was under these
emblems that the Constitution captured the
Guerriere, and that our sailors illumined the
sea in every quarter of the globe by the splen-
dor of their valor and the glory of their arms.
DESTRUCTION OF COMMERCE—'FOREIGN SHIPPING.
But, alas! what now is the picture? The
British, the French, or the Bremen flag floats
over every ocean steamer in the great port of
New York, where a subsidy is not paid for car-
rying our mails. All our fathers have done for '
the sailors, we, their degenerate children, have
undone-. There are times in the city of New
York when not a single American flag is seen
on a vessel from a foreign port, while the har-
bor is full of foreign flags from Great Britain,
France, Prussia, Bremen, Hamburgh, the
Hanse Towns, Italy, Sweden, and e\ en Nor-
way. Our countrymcn travel to Europe, to and
fro, under foreign flags. Our emigrants are
first nshered into our ports under British or
Bremen emblems. Our letters carried over the
Atlantic seas are in foreign ships. We cannot
even hold intercourse over the sea with our
wives and children but under a foreign flag.
Our fathers reasoned, and reasoned.well, from
historical lessons, that the nation whose ila*|
can command the sea commands the world,
and-that the sailor was as essential an element
for home protection as the soldier. The be-',
outward bulwarks of a people against foreign
invasion or coastwise raids are the bulwarks
of ships of war, manned by heroic seamen :
".Britannia needs no bulwarks-.
No towers along the steep:
Her march is o'er the mountain wave*,
Her home oa the deep."
What fortresses are to the land the forts of
the sea are as ships of war, aud a nation with
