1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
However, I will riot obje'ct if the Senator in-
sists upon taking the bill ap.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. Does any Senator object?
ffiiere being no objection, the Senate, as in
C'ofinnittee of the Whole,' proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 871) to authorize the
transfer Of lands granted to the Union Pacific
Bailway Company, eastern division, between
Denver and the point of its connection with
the Union- Pacific railroad, to the Denver Pa-
eifie Railway and Telegraph Company,, and to
expedite the completion of railroads to Den-
ver,: in.the Territory of Colorado.
' The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third: reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
5fr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
Archibald C. .Qrary, praying compensation for
services rendered by his father in the revolu-
tionary war j which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the Provi-
dence Board of Trade, against any further ex-
tension of that section of the bankrupt law
jftaown as the fifty per cent, provision ; which
.■were referred! to the Committed on the Judi-
ciary.
. tie also presented the petition of Phelps
-Paine, praying for compensation for services
rendered asa first lieutenant of infantry; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SAULSBIJRY presented the petition
of William S. Chapman, for.an extension of
his patent for an improvement to prevent the
rattling in carriages, called the "anti-rattler;"
which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
merchants of New York city, remonstrating
against the extension of the patent for paper
collars to Polly Hunt; which were referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WARNER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Alabama, in favor of the passage
of a law allowing interest on $103,991 20 of the
two and three per cent, funds due to that State
which accrued between 1820 and 1831; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PATTERSON, of rJ Pcuoesscc, px-eseuted
the petition of the surviving members and heirs
of the deceased members of the recruits en-
listed by Thomas Pearce on the iiOth of Decem-
ber, 1862, for the seventh regiment Tennessee
infantry, and who were captured on the Cum-
berland mountains December 22, 18G2, pray-
ing to be allowed pay, bounty, and pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 ask to he excused
froftt farther service upon the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims and the Committee on
Mines and Mining. 1 move that 1 be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
LOANING MONEY ON UNITED STATES NOTES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 794) to prevent loaning
money upon United States notes, to report it
back without amendment; and as this bill is
designed simply to correct a gross evil that
occurred during the last fall and which maybe
repeated again in loaning money on United
States notes, I ask for its immediate consider-
ation. It will take but a moment, and I sup-
pose? ho Senator'will object to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. _ It provides that no national banking
association shall hereafter offer or receive Uni-
ted Statesnotes or national bank notes as secur-
ity or as eollateral Security for any loan of
money, or shall for a consideration agree to
withhold the same froth -use, or differ or receive
the custody or promise of custody of such notes
as security, or as collateral security, or con-
sideration for any loan of mon&y; and'aiiv
national banking association offending against
the provisions of the act is to be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction in any
United States court having jurisdiction is to
be punished by a fine not exceeding $1,000,
and by a further sum equal to one third of the
money so loaned; and the officer or officers of
the bank who m£ke such loan or loans are to
be liable for a further sum equal to one quar-
ter of the money so loaned ; and the prosecu-
tion of such offenders is to be commenced and
conducted as provided for the punishment of
offenses in an act to provide a national cur-
rency, approved June 3, 1864, and the fine or
penalty so recovered is to be for the benefit of
the party bringing such suit.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEONARD PIERCE, JR.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 452)for the relief of Leonard
Pierce, jr., late United States consul at Mata-
moras, Mexico, have directed me to report it
back to the Senate with a recommendation that
it pass. In makingthisreport Iwas instructed
by the committee to say that this is a case of
peculiar charity, acted upon two days ago in
the House of Representatives after consider-
able debate, and which passed there by a very
large vote; that the petitioner is now poor and
suffering; that he paid money in gold for the
benefit of Unionists whom he sheltered at
Matamoras, in Mexico; and this resolution
simply seeks to refund what he then paid. I
was instructed by the committee, considering
the peculiar circumstances of the case, to ask
the Senate to proceed at once with its consid-
eration, and I think there can be no objection
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the joint res-
olution at this time.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there a written report
accompanying the joint resolution?
Mr. SUMNER. There is a written report
made by Mr. Blair, of Michigan, in the House
of Representatives.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the pay-
ment to Leonard Pierce, jr., of Houlton, Maine,
out of any money appropriated for the use of
the State Department, the sum of $11,8-13 89
in gold, in full for expenditures made by him
out of his private funds while United States
consnlat Matamoras, Mexico, duringtheperiod
from the 12th March, 1852, to the 30th of No-
vember, 18G4, in aiding Union soldiers and
refugees fleeing from Texas.
Mr. (jRIMES. Lot the report be read.
The Chief Clerk rend as follows:
Mr. Blatr, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
made tho following report:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred tho petition of Leonard Pierce, jr., latocon-
sul ot tho United ►States at JUatnmora*, Mexico, lor
reimbursement for money expended by him m feed-
ing and elotbinjf Union soldiers and refugees from
Texas daring the yoaislSoJ, lSGJ, and 1861, rospoot-
fulty report:
Tho claimant, Leonard Pierce, jr., was consul at
Matamoras, in Mexico,from J uly 20, 18tU.to Decem-
ber 1,18(3-1. as appears by tho certificate of tho Depart-
ment of State. During this peiiod Consul Pierce
was, from his situation,necessarily broushtinto com-
munication with large numbers ©f American citizens
attached to tho Union and tho Government of the
country, who wero fleeing from the most cruel and
barbaruuis persecution in the adjoining State ofTexas.
Mr. Pierce was the only officer in that neighborhood
repiescnting the Government of tho United States,
.and it was most natural that tho hunted and dis-
tressed Union people, fleeing for their lives from the
persecutions of the Texas rebels, should apply to him
for relief in their misfortunes; and it was impossible
that he, po representing the Government, should re-
fuse to listen to the complaints and to relieve the
sore distress of these Union refugees. They came
to him in large numbers, and destitute of every-
thing. lie was obliged to feed and clothe them, and
to furnish medical aid and attendance, and to pro-
cure them transportation to some point in this coun-
try. ior this purpose the consul had no funds of the
Government at his disposal, and could do nothing I
but advance tho necessary raeates out of his own !
private moneys atid look to th6 Government for re-
imbursement, This he did, borrowing considerably
•upon his own credit, and subjecting himself thereby
to great inconvenience and embarassment. Mr.
Pier6fe thus advanced out of his own private means,
for which vouchers are produced, the sum of $9,506 81
in gold, besides considerable sums for which no vouch-
ers were taken and no claim is made. Many of the
persons relieved by this expenditure were sent to New
Orleans at the request of General Butler, then com-
manding the Department of the Gulf, and enlisted in
the Union armies, to the number of about four hun-
dred. That these expenditures were actually made,
and in good faith, the proofs before the committee
leave no room to doubt. The vouchers have run tho
gauntlet of nearly all the Executive Departments,
and been pronounced sufficient and the claim allowed,
but there was no appropriation fund to authorize its
payment. The claim was firstpresented to tho State
Department, but that Department having no funds
which couldbe applied to its paytnentscnt the pap era
to tho Secretary of War for his action. In the War
Department the claim was examined by tho "claims
commission" and allowed at the sum of §9,506 81, as
above stated. After this allowance it wa's ascer-
tained that the Department had no appropriation
out of which it could be paid. The whole case was
then sent to the Third Auditor of tho Treasury
Department, where the claim was again examined
and admitted, only to find that the Treasury. Depart-
ment also had no appropriation out of which it could
be paid, andthe claimant was advised to make his
appealto Congress, which he now does.
The committee are of opinion that theclaim is of a
highly meritorious character, andsliouldbe promptly
paid to the full amount of tho money advanced, and
in the same currency in which the advanco was made.
They recommend, therefore,the passage of tho accom-
panying joint resolution.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would inform the Senate what reason
we can have for paying Union men who were
stripped by the rebels any more than we have
for paying Union men who were stripped by
ourselves ?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator puts me a
theoretical question. The question that I ask
the Senate to pass upon is,whether an Ameri-
can consul who out of his own pocket has
advanced money for the good of Union refu-
gees in a foreign country shall have that
money returned to him? That is the simple
question I submit.
Mr. HOWE. I know that is the question
before the Senate, but I suppose the Senator
from Massachusetts will not insist that we should
repay a consul who has disbursed money in
cases where we would not have disbursed it for
ourselves.
Mr. EESSENDEN. The Government would
have done it unquestionably.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose the Senator from
Massachusetts thought so, or he would not
insist upon the repayment of it to the consul.
Now, I thought the question Was a pertinent
one: what reason the Government has for pay-
ing money to Union men who have been de-
spoiled by rebels; why we should pay it to them
and not pay it to Union men who have been
despoiled by ourselves, whose property we have
taken and used ? I think the question is a per-
tinent one.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well ; I am perfectly
willing to meet the question the Senator puts
when it comes up practically on any bill before
the Senate. It does not arise on the bill now
under consideration. The simple question now
is whether a consul who has paid this money,
gold, out of his own pocket for the good of
Union citizens in a foreign country shall have
it refunded to him ; that is all.
_ Mr. FRELING-HUYSEN. This is a quea-
tion of charity, not of indebtedness.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a question of charity;
there is no general principle involved in it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think tho question is
an exceedingly pertinent one; and X think the
answer to those who advocated the claim the
Senator from Wisconsin has in mind is very
apparent. I think we ought to have paid that,
and wfl ought to pay this. But because we
did a very wrong and cruel thing to a Union
woman I do not see why we should do a very
unjust thing to an American consul. I do not
see how any man who was in favor of that can
vote against this ; and I do not see how
any man who voted against that can vote for
this ; but I am very glad to see that there are
such signs of repentance, and I trust some
time at the beginning of a long session the
