1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
-mi
chairman of- the Committee oa Claims will
bring up the other claim again.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Lydia W. Ford, reported a bill (S. No.
949) granting a pension to Mrs. Lydia W. Ford;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of the Illi-
nois Iron and Bolt Company, reported it with
an amendment.
. He also, from the Committee on Finance, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1973)
in reference to certifying checks by national
banks, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Education,
to whom was referred the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of Montana Territory in
favor of an appropriation for the relief of the
Montana Historical Society, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the
relief of HenryS. Gibbons, late postmaster at
St. Johns, Michigan, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 281) for the
relief of Edwin B. Hoag, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 56) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a canal or canals for irrigating pur-
poses in the State of California, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations,to whom thesubject was'referr'ed,
reported a bill (S. No. 950) to refund to the
States of Massachusetts and Maine interest
paid by them on advances to the United States,
and to provide for the defense of the north-
eastern frontier; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 45) to provide for
the defense of the northeastern frontier, asked
to be dischargedfrom its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1969) for the
relief of Nottand Company, reported it without
■ amendment-
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 708) forthe relief of Mrs. JaneNorthridge,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1872) provid-
ing for the payment of Captain Goldman Bry-
son's mounted company, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the
relief of IT. A. White, reported it without
amendment.
■ Mr. CATTELL, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1881) regulating the reports of national
banking associations, reported it with an
amendment.
INAUGURATION CEREMONIES.
_ Mr. YATES. I beg leave to offer a resolu-
tion in connection with the inauguration. It
is the usual resolution, arid it is necessary that
it should be' offered now. There Will be no
objection to it;
Revolved, That a committee of three be appointed
by the Presiding Officer of the Senate to make the
necessary arrangements for the inauguration of the
President-elect of the United States on the 4th,of
March next. - - •
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ASSAY ©EflOB IN IDAHO.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Ssijate
proceed to the consideration of Hous'e bill No.
264 to locate and establish assay office in
the Territory of Idaho'.
The PRESIDENTprt) tempore. It requires
unaninfious consent at this time.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 264) to locate and establish an assay office
in the Territory of Idaho was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
a United States assay office be located and
established at Bois6 City, in the Territory of
Idaho, for the assaying of gold and silver.
For the carrying on of the business of the
office the following officers shall be appointed
as soon as the public intei est shall require their
service, upon the nomination of the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate: one superintendent, one assaycr, and
one melter and-refiner, and two clerks; and
the superintendent may employ as many sub-
ordinate workmen and laborers, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, as
may be_ required. The general direction of
the business of the assay office is to be under
the control and regulation of the Director of
the MintatPhiladelphia, subject to the appro-
bation of the Secretary ; and for that purpose
it is to be the duty of the said Director to
prescribe such regulations, and to require such
returns periodically and occasionally, and to
establish such charges for parting, assaying,
melting, and refining, as shall appear to him
to be necessary for the purpose of carrying
into effect the intention of the act. This
assay office is to be a place of deposit for
such public moneys as 'the Secretary of the
Treasury may direct, and the superintendent,
who shall perform the duties of treasurer, is to
have the custody of the same, and also per-
form the duties of assistant treasurer ; and for
that purpose shall be subject to all the provis-
ions contained in an act entitled <:An act to
provide for the better organization of the Treas-
ury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue,"
approved August 6, 1846, which relate to the
treasury of the branch mint of New Orleans.
The superintendent, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and on terms to
be prescribed by him, is to be authorized to
issue in payment of the gold-dust and bullion
deposited for assay and coinage, or bars,
drafts, or certificates of deposit, in sums of
not less than $100, payable at the Treasury, or
any sub-Treasury of the United States, to any
depositor electing to receive payment in that
form. The bill appropriates $75,000 to be ex-
pended in the construction of the assay office,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Secretary of the Treasury is
to order the immediate construction of the
assay office. All t.he laws and parts of laws
now m force for the regulation of the United
States assay office at New York, and for thegov-
ernment of the officers and persons employed
therein, and for the punishment of all offenses
connected with that assay office, or with the Mint
of the United States, are to be in full force in
relation to the assay office by this act located
and established, so far as the same may be ap-
plicable thereto.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Theamend-
mcnts reported by the Committee on Finance
to the bill will be read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state thatlam in-
structed by the Committee on Finance to with-
draw the amendments that have been proposed
to the bill, and to ask for the passage of the
bill in the same shape in which it came from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to amend
the bill, but I think it ought not to pass. I do
not think we ought to increase our assay offices.
I do not believe there is any public necessity
for it. I believe it will only involve ns in ad-
ditional expense without any corresponding
benefit.
■ -Mr. WILLIAMS. I will say that this assay
office has been recommended by the Director
of the Mint iind by the* Secretary "of thfe Tx-eas-
ury, and the bill oncepassed the Semite during
the last Congress. Therfi is no question-what-
ever in the Treasury Department a&to the ne-
cessity of this assay office in- Idaho Territory,
and that it will be greatly conducive to the
public- necessities and to the interests of the
people in that section of the country; and in
the late reports the Secretary of the Tx-easury
also recommends an assay office in Montana.
There are some ten or twelve millions- of the
precious metals produced each year and theft)
are no conveniences thcr.e for converting it
into bullion or coin.
Mr. POMEROY. Are there not plenty of
privato assay offices there now?
Mv. WILLIAMS. I do not know how many
private assay oflices there are there.
Mr. POMEROY. There are some.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But they do not answer
the purpose; they are not such offices as the
interests of the country or the interests of the
Government require. This matter hag been
submitted to the Director of the Mint, Mr. Lin-
derman, who writes a strong letter in favor of
its establishment, and that letter is approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury. The private
assay offices do not answer the purpose .of a
public assay office at all.
Mr. POMEROY. Nothing passes a& a legal
tender that they can get through an assay office
out there. It only goes for what it is worth,
and after it is assayed in a private office it goes
for just as much as it would if it were assayed
in a public office. There is*no difference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is quite a
difference between an assay office established
by the Government, under the control of the
Government, and a private assay office, where
the business is conducted to suit the interests
of private persons, where individuals who desire
to have their gold assayed are compelled to pay
very large prices and expenses for the purpose
of having their gold assayed. This establish-
ment is one which, as I understand from ths
Treasury Department, will be conducive to the
interests of the Govci'nment; and it seems to
me there ought not to be any objection to this
bill, as it has been once passed by the Senate,
and I think it passed the House also, but was
lost by a disagreement between the two Hottsea
as to an amendment whieh was proposed to tie
other bill, inserting the Territory of Montana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to' a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
appraisement on imports.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 788, to regulate the appraisement and in-
spection of imports in certaiii cases, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator to give
way to enable me to offer a joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let this bill be taken up
first and then I will give way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that bill will
not be taken up. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] has announced his purpose to
oppose it; and the Senator from Ohio must be
aware that it cannot be passed in the morning
hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a bill in which I
have no special interest, but it was reported
long ago fi'om the Committee on Finance. We
have found it utterly impossible to take up and
dispose of these various'public measures. This
is a bill of great importance to every sea-port
and to every port of entry in this country
except New York; and I feel it my duty there-
fore to move to take it up and to endeavor to
obtain action upon it; and 1 shall keep on mov-
ing to take it up.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator expect
to pass it before one o'clock?
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope so.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall be verymuch sur-
prised if you do.
The PRESIDENT pro i&mpon. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks tire'uh&Bifflcras consent of
