1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
40tii Cong....3d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr, Brooks.
Ho. of Reps.
Sal Soda.—Present value in Europe per ton, £4 5 ,
is £4 84, equ.il to 120 57, first coat per ton. Proposed,
di'tyl cent per pound, per ton $22 40, equal to about
109 per ccnt., equal to about5ii-per cent., presentduty.
Soda ash.—Present value in Europe per ton, £710«,
is $36 30. equal to $22 40, ftr-stcostper ton. Proposed
duty per ton, $22 40, equal to about 61.70 per cent.,
equal to about 30.85 per cent, present duty.
Something of a raise on materials that enter
into the making of paper, soap, glass, &c., so
necessary to the great body of the people, and
yet not so alarming as the more glaring de-
mands for bounties in the other parts of this
bill; but look further on in the bill; section three,
twelfth in the line, next to " eggs" andfashiop
plates, in the free list, is hid away " kryolite,"
duty free. Sal soda, caustic soda, andkryolite,
or cryolite—innocent words; but what does all
this mean.? There is in the district of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania a great company,
known as the Pennsylvania Salt Manufactur-
ing Company,
Mr. MOORHEAD. Not in mine. ,
Mr. BROOKS. Well, near him then; in a
neighboring congressional district.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Not in mine.
Mr. BROOKS. In Mr.Williams's district,
then.
Mr. MOORHEAD. That is so; but it is
not in mine.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, the mere locality mat-
ters not; but there is in a Pennsylvania district
near that of the honorable gentleman a great
company, known with the innocent name of
the Pennsylvania Salt ManufacturingCompany,
for the manufacture of this soda ash, of course,
as soda is, by one process, a direct product
from salt. This company has filled the whole
West with its packages of soda for the making
of soap, and where woodtashes cannot be had
from the scarcity of wood, as on the prairies-
of the West,.the monopoly of soap-making is
altogether in the hands of this company in
Pennsylvania. For this species of enterprise
it deserves credit; but when it goes further
and demands bounties from us and monopolizes
the cryolite of the world, that cryolite which
is the .mineral from which soda in its various
commercial forms and in the greatest purity
can be obtained, and the only natural product
from which it can be obtained to supply the
demands of commerce, then we begin to sus-
pect that profit is its patriotism and pelf its
great object of pursuit. Cryolite (from the
Greek words kruos, ice, and lithon, stone—jce-
stone—thus named from its resemblance to ice)
is a compound of three chemical equivalents
of sodium, two of aluminum, and six of fluo-
rine. The mineral was first discovered by the
Esquimaux in Greenland, and the Danish Gov-
ernment has made a monopoly of it. The
Pennsylvania Salt Company have,with the con-
sent of the king of Denmark, concluded a con-
tract with the Kryolith Mine of Handels See-
slcabet—as the Danish Cryolite Company is
called—for the continents of North and South
America.
"No pent up Utica contracts our powers,^
The whole boundless continent is ours.
And they come to Washington, and demand
the admission of cryolite "free,"—withadou-
ble duty on sal soda, prepared, no doubt, to
sing the missionaries' hymn :
*' From Greenland's icy mountains,
From India's coral strands.
Where Afric's sunny fountains
Roll down their golden sands.
Well, I shall not blame them for thus sing-
ing, if the soap-makers of the West, the paper-
makers of the North, and the glass-blowers of
the East are willing to give them these boun-
ties, and secure them these monopolies.
But sal soda, caustic, and cryolite are not
the only comic Pennsylvania actors. In this
bill, page 2, items are as follows:
Line 20.—On nickel, nickel oxide, alloy of nickel
with coppei-, 40 cents per pound, (now 15.)
Line 22.—-On nickcl matter or spiess, 30 cents per
pound, (now 15.)
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 5.
lane 23.—On manufacture of nickel SO per cent. ad
valorem, (now 35.)
Line 24.—On aluminum and allits alloys, 50 per fcent
ad valorem, (now 29 per cent.)
It is t&e aluminate of soda, the saponifier of
the Pennsylvania Salt Company, which pro-
duces the thirty million pounds of soap psed
by our people, mainly in the West. Here in
this ifem the Pennsylvania company seems to
be in a conspiracy with the Michigan copper
men, the iron-rolling men, and others to keep
dirty the faces and hands and clothes of twenty
million people in the West by increasing the
price of soap. Alumina it is, too, which pos-
sesses the,property; more than almost any other
substance, ofuniting and forming distinct chem-
ical combinations with coloring matter. Scarlet,
crimson, and the bases of water colors consist
of alumina united with the coloring principle.
The permanent calico1'color would be useless
for the tints of red, crimson, scarlet, and choco-
late but for the property alumina 'has of unit-
ing with it and forming a compound which
adheres so firmly to the tissues of the textare
as to resist the ordinary action of soap and
other chemicals in household use. The bill,
then, is a combination not- only to keep the
people dirty but to increase the cost of color-
ing matter to prevent them showing their dirt.
BICHROMATE OF POTASH.
Before the war the bichromate of potash
was twenty pents in gold ; during the war the
price advanced with ths currency. A house in
Baltimore, having the c'ontrol or monopoly of
the chrome ore, supplied the world—certainly
the American part of the world—with chromate
and bichromate of potash, and made an im-
mense fortune thereby. Since the war some
process has been discovered in Europe of cheap-
ening the price,<and which has brought it down
here to twelve and a half cents per pound in
gold. The house in Baltimore is selling for
seventeen cents and is making money yet, but
still wants the increased "protection" of four
and a half cents per pound.
XICKEL.
There is a nickel mine in Pennsylvania, in
the Lancaster district, the only one in the
United States, I believe, the district lately rep-
resented by Thaddeus Stevens, who, when
chairman of the Ways and Means, ever de-
voted himself to its "protection." I asked
him there once what the mine could be bought
for. He then thought for one hundred and
fifty or two hundred thousand dollars. When
urgent and ardent for the ten or fifteen per
cent, protection it now has, I begged him to
insert in his appropriation bill, which the
Ways and Means then had the framing of, a
$200,000 item for the purchase of it, so that
the United States could own it and make its
nickel cents without paying a bounty to the
owners for the privilege; for these per cents.,
ten, fifteen, (now proposed forty,) would make
it far wiser for us to buy the mine outright than
thus to be buying it with bounties. He laugh-
ingly and yet sarcastically replied, that would
not read well; and the nickel mine owners had
better sell it their (his) way. I think it would
be better for the country to buy this nickel
mine now for $1,000,000 than, as proposed,
nearly to triple the duty on nickel and double
ifc on nickel matte, or speise.
The bill before us, however, is not content
with raising the tax from thirty-five to fifty
per cent, ad valorem on manufactures of nickel,
but—
Line 26.—On albata, or white metal, Argentine,
German silver, and the liko mixed metals, and the
manufactures thereof, fifty per cent, ad valorem—
is proposed in lieu of the present thirty-five per
cent. The German silver or argentine man-
ufacturers have recently become of importance
in this country, and the extraction of nickel
has been undertaken on a large scale. It seems
to have mortified the Pennsylvania concoctors
of this tariff that the common people should
be using German silver forks, spoons, table ser-
vice, <fcc., in lieu of iron, and they haye, there-
fore demanded this bill to make us all pay for it.
WAK OS LIGHT, SALT, AND IEOK. ;
Now, sir, I have graver charges to mate
against this bill, and the architects thereof,
than the destruction of our shipping, or even
the punishment of our people for being elean-,
or for not using iron forks and spoons j and
that is, for the war they make upon the three
great elements of human life, namely, light,
salt, andiron. Bread,sir,isthestaffof life;!but
light is as indispensable as bread; and salt,
if not as indispensable, is certainly net dispens-
able, while without iron there is no progress
in life; no civilization, ay, little, but the bar-
barism of the savage. Upon all these three
great elements of life this bill wickedly pro-
poses additional taxation, when the tax- already
is enormous, and more than can well be borne.
ON LIGHT.
Line 82.—On all unpolished cylinder, crown, and
common window glass, ten by fifteen inches square,
two and a quarter cents, (now one and a halt
cent;) above that, and not exceeding sixteen by
twenty-four inches square, two and three #}i'nrier
cents per pound, (now two.cents;) above that and not
exceeding twenty-four by thirty-nine inches square,
four cents per pound, (now two and a half cents;) all
above that four and a half cents per pound, (now
three cents.)
The tax on window glass is now almost,
though not quite, prohibitory, and importers
of glass are able to sell at only a little, if any,
above the cost of importation ; but to secure
the monopoly the proposition here is to double
the tax and then to shut off all competition to
the housebuilder or tenant, or to force us to
live without the necessary light. Such a neces-
sity of life, so indispensable to every house in
the land, should be taxed as lightly as possi-
ble; but of light here is prohibition from abroad
to install monopoly at home without a possible
rival in the market. A box (fifty feet) of eight
by ten German glass, which' ten years ago
could be sold for $1 50 and pay an importer a
a good profit, now yields little or no profit to
the importer at $3 50 per box. The rate on
the small- sizes is enormous when* compared
with the foreign cost, and yet it is proposed to
add fifty per cent, to it, to make it $2 25 in
gold for one hundred pounds, a burden which
will fall mainly on the" South and West, where
the smaller sizes are most used. Whatever
tariff movement there is on glass should be
foritsreduction, certainly not for its increase. ;
ON SALT.
Sir, there is less respect in this bill, if possi-
ble, for salt—which the Scriptures, old and new,
above almost all things, teach us to respect—
than there is* for light. Ye who framed this
bill are neither that " salt of the earth " nor
'' light of' the world'' recognized in the Sermon
on the Mount. What in the East is the symbol
of hospitality, (bread and salt,)'what was. en-
joined on the Israelites in their offerings to
God—the use of salt (Lev. 2, chapter 13; Sum
bers 18, chapter 19; 2 Chron. 2, 13, chapter
o)—the covenant of salt, ye have impiously dis-
regarded and contemned. You will not hear
man. You may hear God in h  prohibition
of salt as a monopoly, or for bounties, for the
few against the many. Salt has a sacred char-
acter, a divine mission, and how dare you,
then, make such propositions as these in your
bill?
Line 89.—On salt in hulk, and on all rock salt, or
mineral salt, twenty-four cents per one hundred
pounds, (now eighteen cents.) . .
Line 91.—On saltin bags or sacks, thirty cents per.
one hundred pounds, but no return of duties shall
be mado on account of damage to sacks containing
salt, (now twenty-four.)
Sir, the duty on salt at the present moment
is unendurable. It is one of the most outrage-
ous impositions of the existing outrageous
tariff, and it requires an amount of audacity
and impudence to come here and cry " More!"
" More!" than T can comprehend.
Under the present tariff, without this in*
