1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the Senate to consider the bill mentioned by
him at- this time. Does any Senator object ?
Mr. MORUIbL, of Vermont. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
at this time.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. YATES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Itesohed, That the Committee on the District of
Colutnbiabe instructed to inquire and report whether
♦he Washington Gas-Light Company have increased
their capital stock, $51)0,000, to $1,000,000; and if so,
whether said company have expended the additional
8500.000 in extending the gas-mains throughout, the
city, asrequired bylaw, or whether they have divided
the additional capital stock among the stockholders,
share and share alike, in violation of the act of Con-
gress authorizing an increase of said capital stock
(or the purpose of extending the gas mains, &c., of
said company; and farther to inquire how many
persons have beon furnished gas by said company free
ofcharge during the past threeyears.and the amounts
of gas consumed bysuoh persons; and that the com-
mittee be authorized to send for persons and papers.
ORDKE Or BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 196.
Mr. CONN ESS. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER,. It is a very short resolution.
Mr. CQNNESS. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. "A joint resolution grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Mary Lincoln, widow of
the late President of the United States, who
was killed during the late war of the rebel-
lion." I move that the Senate proceed with
the consideration of that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massicliusetts asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the joint
resolution mentioned by him. Does any Sen-
ator object?
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to make an inquiry.
Is unanimous consent required? I move in
the regular order to take up this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing business is not through, and Senators are
on the floor urging the morning business at
this time, and the morning hour has not yet
expired.
Mr. CONNESS. What is the character of
the morning business?
Mr. POMEROY. This evening is devoted
to the consideration of pension bills, and while
I am as anxious as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to take up this resolution and pass it,
I think he had better allow it to lie over and
have action upon it l hen.
Mr. SUMNER. This is different from those
bills.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for a division on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts to
take up the joint resolution mentioned by him.
The PRESIDEN V pro tempore. Theie is no
division about it; it goes over under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not understand how
it goes over the rule. It is on the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
rule which provides that no business can be
taken up until the business of the morning
hour is disposed of without unanimous consent,
and the morning business seems otill to be
undisposed of, and the morning hour has not
expired.
Mr. CONNESS- Now, I make the question
of order that a memorial is out of order at this
time, because it was not presented at its proper
time, and that this resolution is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is very
true that a memorial is not properly in order
now.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; then I ask for
a vote on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
^r- SUMNER. That is all I ask.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the business
now in order under the call of the Chair ?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The busi-
ness properly to be received is the reports of
committees. They have not, that I know of,
been gone through with.
Mr. SUMNER. We have long been through
with reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing business has been interrupted by passing
several bills out of order, and by unanimous
consent, and it may he that the reports are all
through with, but the Chair does not know it.
Are there are any further reports? If not, the
introduction of bills is in order.
BIHS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 951) for the
improvement of the Potomac river and the
harbors of Washington and Georgetown; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mitteeonthe District of Columbia, andordered
to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 952)
granting public lands, and the right of way
through the same, for canal purposes in the
State of California ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 227) regulating the com-
mencement of actions in the Court of Claims;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
MRS. MART LINCOLN.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I ask for a vote on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
the morning business being over.
Mr. FOWLER. If there be no further morn-
ing business I withdraw the objection I made.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator withdraws the
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
proceed to consider the joint resolution (S. R.
No. .196) granting a pension to Mrs. Mary Lin-
coln, widow of the late President of the United
States, who was killed during the war of the
rebellion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution,
Mr. STEWART. I ask that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the message from
the House in regard to the constitutional
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a bill already
before the Senate which will only take a mo-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. Nothing else is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and will be read.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Whereas the late President of the United States,
Abraham Lincoln, while acting as President and
Commander-in-Chief of tho Army of tho United
Stales, vras killed in the war of the rebellion by tho
enemies of the United Statos: and whereas his widow,
Mary Liucoln. is eutitled to a pension upon thosame
piineiples and l'nr thel'ke reason? with the widow of
any 01 her officer who fell in the war : Tlierolore,
Beit resolved. Sc.. That Mary Lincoln sha ll receivc
a pension at the rate of—— dollars perannum.tobo
computed from the day of the death of hei husband.
Abraham Lincoln, late President of tho United
States.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to fill the blank by
inserting $5,000.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there a report accom-
panying this joint resolution ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
report.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to hear the
report read.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made by Mr. Van Winkle
on the 29th of January, as follows :
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
Senate joint resolution No. 19t>, granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Lincoln, widow of the late President
of the United States, who was killed during the war
of the rebellion, have had the same under consid-
eration, and rci^pei'ltully report
That they are unable to perceive that Mrs. Lin-
coln, as the widow of the late President of the Uni-
ted States, or in any other character, is entitled to a
pension under the letter or spirit of any existing
law.
The committee are aware that the object of the
friends of the resolution is to make a prov'-.ion tor
the lady named during her life, but no evidence lias
been laid betore them or any reason assigned why
such provision should be made besides what is found
in the preamble of the resolution, which has been
replied to above. If, however, the object is to make
such provision, without reference to the pension
laws, in consideration of the high position and ex-
traordinary services of the late President, the com-
mittee submit that the reference should have been
different, or the intention of tho resolution should
ha.ve been plainly expressed on its face. As it ia,
the committee are not required, even if they are
authorized, to consider anything besides the pro-
priety of granting a pension for tho reasons stated,
or upon evidence properly brought before theua. It
they had responded favorably, the principles by
which the committee have been governed, at least
for several years past, would not have permitted
them to have recommended laoro than the highest
pension allowed by law.
Under all tho circumstances the committee can-
not do otherwise than recommend that the joint res-
olution do not pass.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not vote for this bill
myself, whoever may. I regard it as a very
mischievous and dangerous innovation upon
our pension laws. I have no recollection that
the Government has ever given a pension to a
civilian. When President Harrison died within
a month of his inauguration the salary of the
currentyear was voted byCongress to his widow;
and, in analogy to that precedent, upon the
assassination of President Lincoln, the residue
of the salary for that currentyear was voted by
Congress to his widow.
Now, Mr. President, I do not oppose this
measure from any hostility to the petitioner;
from any hostility to the memory or any depreci-
ation of the services of the late President. He
was an acquaintance and a personal friend of
mine before his election. His wife was the
daughter of my friend, Mr. Robert S. Todd, of
Fayette, who for many years was my constitu-
ent, and who was one of the most worthy and
estimable gentlemen I knew anywhere. I have
the kindest feelings toward the petitioner and
toward her deceased husband, and 1 have every
respect and regard for the services which that
deceased husband rendered the country ; but
I do think that it would be a most mischievous
innovation upon what has been the settled
policy, as I understand it, of the Government
and the conntry, and that is, to limit pensions
rigorously to military service and to persons,
or the widows and representatives^ persons,
who have rendered distinguished military ser-
vice.
Now, sir, if we make an innovation upon
that principle in this case it will be the intro-
duction of a novel, and, as I fear, a mischievous
precedent, and no imagination at the present
time can comprehend the extent of the abuses
to which that precedent may lead. I shall vote
against this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to withdraw his motion to fill
the blank for a moment.
Mr. SUJINEK. I will, at the request of the
Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to fill the blank is withdrawn.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I move to amend by
striking out the words "a pension" and in-
serting in place of them the words "an allow-
ance.'' I intend to follow that with a motion
to strike out the preamble. I think it ought
to be put upon the other ground ; and nobody
will object to it, perhaps, upon that ground.
I move at present to strike out the words "a
pension" and insert the words '1 an allowance."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the motion"
made by the Senator from California is right.
Clearly the committee in its report is correct
in saying that this is not a case for a pension
at all. In no respect does it come within the
principles or the letter of the pension laws of
the United States. This is but the commence-
ment of a system of annuities in the United
States; and it is for careful consideration on
the part of Congress whether we shall com-
mence now the imitation of that British system
which is a great burden upon the people. I
