290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
perform. I trust, therefore, that my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, will not interpose any objection. It is
in compliance with the recommendations of
Commodore Sands.
Mr. WASHB URNE,of Illinois. I am opposed
to the amendment, as I am to all amendments
which propose to increase the salaries of any
of these officers. Heretofore these men have
been contented with this salary, and we have
appropriated all that was asked for.
Mr. SPALDING-. Are not these salaries
fixed by law?
Mr. WA8HBURNE, of Illinois. They are
fixed by the act of May '21, J864. If we adopt
the gentleman's amendment we will thereby
change the existing law. I hope ho will not
press it.
Mr. SPALDING. The amendment is not
in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. The point comes too late.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
Fortho puroliaso ofmeteorological instruments and
tho building of abriok tower for mounting them, for
the purchase of other instruments, and for tliG erec-
tion of a suitable i'ramo building for the transit cir-
ouit, $8,870.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make
the point that that amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of ordw,
Mr. MAYNARD. This is an appropriation
recommended by the Superintendent of the
United States Naval Observatory, Commo-
dore Sands, and I beg to call the attention of
gentlemen who are in favor of increased astro-
nomical and other knowledge that this whole
appropriation is comparatively small com-
pared with the greatness of our commerce and
navigation. This Observatory is substantially
all we do in that regard, and the superintend-
ent recommends that this appropriation is
necessary to carry on the astronomical opera-
tions of that establishment. I remember very
well, as doubtless other gentlemen do, the in-
extinguishable laughter that a certain portion
of' the country indulged in when the President
ot the United States, John Quincy Adams,
with unsurpassed beauty of figure, spoke of
" buildinglight-houses in the slty.:' He referred
to these astronomical investigations and studies
which enabled travelers by land and sea to
use the ever-changing relatious of the stars for
the same purpose that we build light-houses.
Mr. Adams was a man of great learning,
foresight, and liberality, and his wish was re-
spected in tho establishment of this Observa-
tory, which lias proved a great success. Its
observations command therespectof the world.
I hope the amendment I have offered will
meet with the approval of the House. These
instruments are things that deteriorate in the
lapse ot time by ordinary wear and tear, and
in the improvement and advancement of sci-
ence these learned gentlemen find it neces-
sary to obtain new instruments by which they
can carrjf on their daily and nightly observa-
tions. lhey ask only for this inconsiderable
sum a mere bagatelle out of the millions we
are appropriating ; and I appeal to gentlemen
who appreciate the importance of promoting
this scientific object not to withhold the appro-
priation asked for. I trust the House will vote
tor the amendment.
 Jr" of I hope not.
Mr. MAYNARD. Of course, I understand
the gentleman does not appreciate the value '
ot the appropriation. He regards it as utterly '
valueless. But X was appealing to the other
gentlemen of the House who do understand
the value of it, [laughter, ][ and the importance
of maintaining the honor and scientific repu-
tation of our country.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I do un-
derstand it. X ask tor a vote on the proposi-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule under which the Chairoverxuled the point
of order of the gentleman from Illinois.
- The Clerk read as follows :
No appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bili, or be in order as an amendment
thereto for any expenditure not previously author-
ized by Law, unless in continuation of appropriations
for such public works and objects as are already in
progress, and tor the contingencies for carrying on
the several Departments of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. This comes under the
latter part of the clause. Any amendment is
in order which does not conflict with an exist-
ing law; and even an existing law can be
changed by an amendment in relation to the
salaries of public officers. The gentleman from
Illinois is familiar with the rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But, if
the Chairman will permit me, I am not familiar
with any rule which permits an appropriation
to be put on here for public buildings.
The CHAIRMAN. That comes under the
head of contingencies recommended by the
Department, as has been ruled uniformly from
the foundation of the Government, as the gen-
tleman knows.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg par-
don. 1 do not know it.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Maynard, there were—ayes 89, noes
54; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs.Maynaud,
and Washbdrne of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 00.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the com-
mittee rise ; it is now four o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not.
The question beingtaken,it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Bureau of Pro-visions and Clothing:
To inert the demands upon the bureau for freight
find transportation of stores, for candles, fuel; tor
tools and repairing same at eight inspections; for
books and blanks; tor stationery; for luroitnrc, and
lepairs of same in offices of paymasters and inspect-
ors: for telegrams aud postage, tolls and ferriages,
and for ice, &75.0U0.
Mr. MAYNARD. It strikes me this is a
very considerable sum. 1 have endeavored,
without success, to get the committee to make
a reasonable allowance for the benefit of gen-
tleman who are engaged in scientific observa-
tions. Therefore, to continue the economy and
save something, I move to strike out $75,000
and insert §50,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman, of course, does not understand this ap-
propriation is for ice alone. It is for all the
articles named in the paragraph, iee included.
Mr. MAYNAllD. I move to reduce it to
§50,000.
Mr. \\ ASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have cut this down
to the lowest point. We do not care to de-
prive the sailors in the tropics of ice.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows, under the head
of "Marine corps;"
Provided, That tile number of non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates authorized and al-
lowed to bo enlisted into tho Marine corps of tho
United States be, and the same is hereby, fixed and
declared to be fifteen hundred and no more.
Mr. PIKE. I raise the point of order on
this proviso that the law fixes another number
of men.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to see the law.
_ Mr. PIKE. It was passed since the rebel-
lion commenced, and it fixes the number of
men either at twenty-five hundred or three
thousand. I forget which. It is independent
legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For contingencies, namely: freight; ferriage; toll;
cartage; wharfage; purchase and repair of boats'
compensation of judge advocates; per diem for at-
tending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and for
constant labor; house rent in lieu of quarters and
commutation for quarters to officers on ship-bo'ard •
burial of deceased marines; printing, stationery'
postage, telegraphing; apprehension of deserters1
eiU candles, gas; Repairs of gas and water fixtures;
water renr, forage, straw, barrao1"; furniture: farni-
turefor officers'quarters; bed sacks, wrapping paper,
oil cloth, crash, rope, twine, sr>a es, shovels, axes,
picks,carpenters' tools: keep of a horse fortlie mes-
senger; repairs to fire engines ; yttiobase and repair
of engine hose: purchase of lumber ior benches,
mess tables, bunks, &c.; repairs to public carryall;
purehaseand repair of harness; purchase and repair
of handcarts and wheelbarrows; soavengering, pur-
chase and repair of galleys, cooking stoves, r snae",
&e.; stoves where thero are no grates; gravel, &e„
for parade grounds; repair of pumps; furniture for
staff and commanding officers' offices; brushes,
brooms, buckets, paving, and for other purposes,
$60,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend that
paragraph by striking out the words ''and so
forth" wherever they occur. It is language
that has no business in a statute.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburke] whether
we might not reduce the expense a little by
striking out " repairs to the public carryall."
In my country we use our carryalls without
much being expended in the way of repairs.
We tie up the wheels a little and soraetimesput
a stick in place of the springs ; and then, as to
the harness, a piece of rope frequently sup-
plies the place of the lines. [Laughter.] We
spend nothing for an object like this; and as
economy is apparently our ruliug passion, as
we have economy on the brain, as some one
suggests, might we not economize here in a
very important matter by striking out this item?
I will not make the motion myself, but I call
attention to it.
The Clerk then read the second section of
the bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. jlnd be it further enacted, That each and
every seaman, ordinary seaman, or landsman who
shall perform theduty of afireman or coal-hcaveron
board of any vessel of war shall be entitled to and
shall receive a compensation at the rate of thirty-
three cents per day for the timo they shall thus be
employed as iiremen and coal-heavers, and which
shall be in addition to their compensation as seamen,
ordinary seamen, or landsmen, as aforesaid.
Mr. PIKE. I make the point of order on
that section that the law fixes the pay of sea-
men, ordinary seameu, and landsmen, and
that this proposes to change both their duties
and their compensation.
The CHAIRMAN. Does it increase their
compensation?
Mr. PIKE. It in creases their compensation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, you
have increased the pay of a clerk, why not that
of sailors?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the point of order is not well taken. The rule
specifically provides that the salaries of officers
may he increased in ail appropriation bill.
Mr. PIKE. Does the Chair consider theso
men officers?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would give
the benefit to sailors or soldiers of a rule made
specifically for officers, and he rules that the
gentleman's point is not well taken.
Mr. PIKE. Then I move to strike out the
section. I would like to know the reason for
increasing this compensation. If 1 understand
it, this proposition was introduced into the
Senate as having some more or less remote
connection with engineering. The number of
engineers was to be diminished and increased
pay given to seamen. I believe that this prop-
osition was abandoned by the originator ot it
as entirely impracticable, and why it should
be galvanized here now and put in this bill I
do not see.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sec-
tion will stand upon its own merits, although,
aEu f Sentlemap has referred to the Senator
who drew up this provision, I can state in the
same direction that it was put into a bill re-
ported by the Committee on Naval Affairs of
the Senate last year, and the reason for it I
think will impress itself upon the common
sense of the House. As the law now stands,
every steam frigate goes to sea with a certain
number, and that a very large number, of men
employed exclusively as firemen, to whom a
high rate of wages is paid. After the frigate goes
