APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15',
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Brooks.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
• .Experience has long since proved the utter
inadequacy of tlxe iron rails, now in use, to re-
sist life enOrmous weight and speed of the trains
passing over them. The need of another im-
provement in locomotion, as valuable as was
the substitution of the T for the flat bar laid
upon wooden sleepers has become, imperative.
•Upon it depend the lives and safety of travel-
ers as well as immense reduction in the cost
of transportation. To meet such needs the
skill of the inventor and mechanic is always
adequate and timely. By the Bessemer pro-
cess steel rails are now manufactured in Eng-
land at a cost of a little over three cents_ per
pound; thus bringing the price of an article,
indispensaWe to safety and a proper economy,
within reach of all our roads. A steel rail, it
is now ascertained, will outlast ten iron rails,
and the economy is as five to one. Iron, con-
sequently, is no longer a suitable material for
railways. Iroh has a fibrous structure ; steel,
granulous. iron soon laminates under heavy
pressure; Steel Wears uniformly. The iron-
mongersof Pennsylvania'are therefore alarmed
by the importation of Bessemer or pneumatic
•rails, the patent on which in this country as
well as in Europe secures a complete monop-
oly to the manufacturer. The present duty is
forty-five per cent, ad valorem, -which, with one
and a half cents per pound additional, makes
three cents per pound in gold—a prohibitory
duty which will stop the importation of steel
rails and secure the monopoly,if such rails are
used at all, to the Bessemer patent men in this
country. The present duty equals $27 50 per
ton, which it is proposed to raise to $65 10,
so that the cost shall be here, in gold:
Cost in England $60 00 per ton.
Freight..... i    6 25
Duties  65 10
$131 35
Interest, insurance, lighterage, and storage to be
added.
The proposedduty exceeding the cost of the
article is-a prohibitory duty, and therefore an
irresistible victory for the steel-rail monopo-
lists.
Sir, there is great and just complaint in this
country of the bad quality of the rails used,
and of the loss of life and limb therefrom.
The British send hero their refuse rails and we
re-roll them and sell them as American iron.
We tempt the roads in every way to use poor
rails. We use in this country every year seven
hundred thousand tons of such rails, owing to
the enormous duties we impose upon foreign
railroad iron, while we are proposing to have
no steel rails at all, unless the patent Bessemer
process men here will in mercy make them for
us to use at any price they name. By act of
Congress the Pacilio roads are compelled to
use American, that is, Pennsylvania iron, not
steel railroad iron, for that is not yet made in
the United States; and the Central Pacific
road is actually compelled to take its iron from
the interior of Pennsylvania, and to transport
it the whole length of the South American
continent twice, via Cape Horn, to land it in
San Fiancisco, where it costs $100 per ton,
when Welsh iron could be delivered there for
about halt the price the Pennsylvania iron
costs. All the railroad materials that enter
into these roads must be of American, that is,
of Pennsylvania iron. The whole thing is cruel
to commerce and trade and transportation, and
it is cruel to part a continent in this way when
a nation is giving subsidies to cement it, too.
Pennsylvania ought to be content with her duty
on coal, which shuts off from New England
about all the Nova Scotia coal, for it costs
more in New York to get coal from western
Pennsylvania and western Virginia than it
would to bring Pictou co'il to New York, for
Pictou coal could be delivered there at five
dollars per ton, while we have been paying
eleven or twelve dollars for anthracite and nine
dollars for Cumberland. The whole thing is
wrong, wrong,-wrong; and no words are strong
enough adequately to condemn it.
the wealth op the iron-mongers,
But, sir, I am told the iron men and coal
men of Pennsylvania are making no money. I
know better. The iron and coal mines/ of Penn-
sylvania are owned largely in the city I repre-
sent, and I know no better property. The
capital to work them comes trom my constit-
uents, and I know their wealth, their prosper-
ity. I representiron men ancLsteel men and coal
men. I know hundreds of thera, and I see daily
the wives and children and equipages of these
men when at home. I meeHhem in social life
here, there, and everywhere, and I know the
immense profits which these men are realizing
from the existing enormous bounty. Look at
their wives and daughters in the parlors of
New York, with thousands and tens of thou-
sands of dollars' worth of diamonds or jewels
encircling their fair arms and necks, and gar-
nishing aud adorning theirpersons. These iron
and coal men are reveling in wealth from the
bountiful protection of Lais Government, and
yet they come here crying poverty and asking
for more and more protection from the labor-
ers and the hard-fisted mechanics and farmers
of this great country. It is shocking, it is bar-
barous. It is vain, utterly vain, to tell me, or
those that are seeing the sights that I am seeing
daily in the great metropolis of New York, that
the iron men or the coal men in any part of the
country are suffering for the want of protection;
and yet they come here asking for a doubling
and.tripling of those duties on some sorts of
iron, for more and more protection, as it is
called, on almost everything, and they expect,
by combination and log-rolling, to carry all
they demand. Shame 1 Shame! Shame upon
the cupidity of all concerned.
felt carpets, pelt druggets—cost, etc.
The iron-mongers of Pennsylvania know hu-
man nature well enough to know they cannot
get anything without giving something, and
hence we have several little sops in this bill—
among them one as follows :
On felt druggets, felt carpets, and carpeting, printed
and colored, or otherwise, twenty-five cents per
square yard; and in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
The carpet men have been to Congress five
times since the civil war began to increase
their bounties: first, in 1801; second, in 18G2 ;
third, in 1863; fourth, in 1884-65; and fifth,
March 2, 1807. The duties are now as fol-
lows, in gold:
Previous Now.
to 1861.
Aubusson and Axminster...24 per cent. 50 per cent.
Wilton carpets 24 per cent. 77 percent.
Velvet carpets 21 per cent. 621 per cent.
Brussels carpets 24 per cent. 74 percent.
Tapestry carpets 24 per cent. 75 percent.
Ingrain carpets 24 per cent. 585- per cent.
Druggets carpets 19 per cent. 97 percent.
Average 23 per cent. 70 percent.
Well, they got enough in 1867 ; but keen
aud acute as they were they forgot felt drug-
gets, as they call felt carpeting j and so, in
1868—lo presto, here they are again! The
carpet manufacturing in this country is now
mainly in the manufacturing hands of five or
six great capitalists, or houses, that own the
Bigelow patent; and rolling in wealth, as they
are, inflicting upon every one of us who own
or tread upon a carpet from forty to fifty cents
clear bounty to them per yard, they naturally
enough waxed fat and rich on profits, save in
this single but slight forgetfulness of the
"felt." To purchase five hundred yards of
assorted carpets and druggets (the average
supply for an ordinary house) formerly cost
about $1,000. It now costs $2,500, or two
and a half times as much. Of this increase
the Government gets say $500, and the man-
ufacturers S1.000. And now will they not let
the poor, in peace, buy a little felt, whether it
is colored or printed, or not?
Felt carpeting is now admitted at forty per cent.,
but fn this bill the desire is to classify it as a drug-
get, to pay a duty of twenty-five cents per square
yard, and in addition thirty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem. A quality costing in England-
One shilling and nine pence (forty-two cents), at
twenty-five cents per square yard and thirty-five per
cent, duty, is forty-seven cents a yard—equal to one
hundred and twelve per cent, ad valorem.
Two shillings and two pence (fifty-two cents), at
twenty-five cents per square yard, duty as above, is
fifty-one cents a yard—equal to ninety-eight per
cent, ad valorem.
tax on cheap books, bibles, etc.
Once more, Mr. Chairman, I shall trouble
you with statistics, and then I am done with
them, and though I might go on with them for
hours, yet I will select but one more, to show
the spirit of this bill, and that is in the tax on
books and knowledge:
Lines from 175 to 186.—On all books printed and
manufactured prior to the year 1850, five cents per
pound; provided that no more than five copies of
any book shall be iuipored in any one invoice.
On all bibles and testaments, tho value of which
is less than'fifty cents each, ten cents per pound.
On all books in the English language, bound,
stitched, or in sheets, printed since the year 1849, of
which editions are printed in the United States, and
all printed matter not otherwise provided for, twen-
ty-five cents per pound.
To show how the workings of such a tariff
would not only be entirely prohibitory as to any
revenue therefrom, but would also deprive the
people of cheap reading, I have herewith ap-
pended some calculations exhibiting the differ-
ence between the present duty and the proposed
duty of about one hundred and twenty-five per
cent, on cheap reading, and only about five per
cent, difference on the reading for the rich. The
books upon which these calculations are based
have been weighed and found as noted for the
purpose by Mr. William W. Swayne, of Brook-
lyn, New York, the importer:
o  
o P
pra.
2.5'
: ; ;
C.O oip OtJO
3 c?® S ^ o'o'o"
3 5 3 0 3 t???*
o =*«"-> 5"     
- = -
g*So
P' ? § a§ § r
<rso : &S" '£
ft 3 '■ S** i—^
? 5.: | §
; o- Si a.- 3
: sr. ? ' w : •
ft- G-&.C
to to t-o to t-o
ft O ft O O ft (5
ft ft 9 (J ft O ®
d p 3 b a 3 a
1 §^1:
CQ 5>'S
o^fotco]^
ft ft ft ft ft ft
ft ft ft ft O ft
S3 a a EJ S3 S3
2s
5!.
ft
a
p
n
 £
C
P
ft ft ft ft ft ft
>Q£i£ A
S C C C C cS
?o?
o
O
oooooo
S,53 o
«< e v
CO
1
tc O N5 C' O'
Oi C^iQvi K
*3
ft
>-i
•o
■d tsts
ft ft O C> ft
n -s -i <s
'ft S"
® 2
ft
ft
a
ft
£3
ft ft ft ft ft Ci
ft ft ft ft ft o
 
S "3 S.'Tj
o'i a
3 8S.2.S
r r* n 2
a S9 •
a.<y«ft
fs*
• *4
vj c
