is
THE OOJSTG-RESSIOMAL GLOBE;
<&(££*
£/&&-
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Isbatl) object.
The PIIESI DENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, if. goes over under the rule.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred' the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 384) fbr (fte relief of
Helen Lincoln and" Heloise'- Lincoln, and for
the withholding of: rnoneysfrom tribes of In-
dians holding American- Captives,- reported it
with amendments. . . i
Mr. ROSS,'from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to 'Whom was-referred the joint resolu-
tion' (S. R. No. 165) authorizing the Commis-
sioner of Indian-Affairs to appoint-guardians
or trustees for minor Indian children who may
be entitled to pensions or bounties under the
existing laws, reported it with amendments.
BILLS ISTKOHTJCEU.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 762) to prevent the alienation to foreigners
of grants or privileges from the United States;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
bill read at length. It is very brief.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted. Sc., Tbatitshall not be lawful, with-
out the express consent of Congress first obtained,
to assign or transfer to any alien person or foreign
corporation, any charter, grant, or privilege given
by or derived from the United States and designed
to promote or regulate intercourse with any foreign
nation or the dominions thereof.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 763) to continue the office
of solicitor and naval judge advocate general:
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr.'RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leav.e to introduce a bill (S. No. 764)
to aid in the construction of the Arkansas and
Pacific railroad ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill to give an
additional term of the United States circuit
court for the eastern district of Arkansas ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 766) to grant a portion of the military
reservation at Fort Leavenworth to aid in the
construction of a railroad and wagon bridge
across the Missouri river; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
imhct31ents.in the rebel states.
ThePRESIDENTprofempore; If there be
no other bills or joint resolutions the Calen-
dar is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
bill commonly known as the copper bill—the
bill (H. R. No. 1460) regulating the duties on
copper and copper ores.
Mr. FERRY. I trust that bill will not be
taken up now. I see that the Maryland Sena-
tors are out of their seats, and they desire to
be heard upon it. both upon the question of
taking it up and upon the bill itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to take ad-
vantage of the absence of any one, but those
Senators are present, I think, within the build-
ing. I saw one of them a moment ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What bill is it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The copper bill. I want
it acted upon.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is. on taking up the bill lor consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I think, in the absence of
those Senators, it is hardly fair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think they axe about
here, probably in the lobby. I know they take
a special interest in it, bat I will not press the
motion in their absence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mov« that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
584.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion pending, made by the Senator from
Ohio, to take up the bill mentioned by himv
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator-
from Ohio had- consented to liy that aside
until some Senators came in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, to take
up Senate bill No. 584 " •
The motion was agreed to ; and' the bill (S.
No. 584) relating to the time for finding in-
dictments in- the courts of the United States
in the-late rebel States was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides thatthe
time for finding indictments in the Courts of
the United States in the late rebel States for
offenses cognizable by those courts, and which
may have been committed since those States
w«nt into rebellion, shall be extended for the
period, of two years from and after those States
a,re or may be restored to representation in
Congress; but this provision is not to apply
to treason or other political offenses.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amend the bill by striking out in line seven
the words "two years1' and inserting ''one
year."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment was
reported by the committee ; but it is some
time since this bill was introduced, and a good
portion of the time has already expired for
which it was desirable to extend the period
within which to find indictments ; and I think
the amendment of the committee had best not
be concurred in now. I think there can be no
objection to making the time two years.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message prom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1570) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1C66) to repeal an act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices.
presidential approval of bills'. .
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sir. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on the
8th instant, approved and signed the bill (S.
No. 738) to relieve from disabilities John G.
Stokes, a citizen of Alabama.
EXECUTIVE C01I3IUKICATI0NS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, submitting an estimate of an appro-
priation required for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with the Crow Indians, under the treaty
of May 7, 1868, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
estimate of appropriations required for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the Sac and Fox
Indians of the Mississippi, under the treaty of
February 18, 1867, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
a copy of a letter of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, representing the necessity of pro-
viding for the payment of an agent for the Crow
tribe of Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs-
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, com-
municating, .in., compliance with, a resolution
of thffl Senate- of .the 17th-uha«a, information
concerning the exercise or claim by consuls-of
the United States in Jap^n of judicial powers
in cases arising between American citizens
and citizens of any foreign nation other than
Japan; which was ordered to-lie on the table,'
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message"
from the President of the United States, com- ;
municating, in obedience to law, & copy of'
rules agreed upon between the Chinese itnpe* '
rial Government and the ministers of the Um> -
ted States and of other foreign Powers accred-'
ited to that Government; which was referred'
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
HOUSE bills RKifEMJED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1570) making appropri- .
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year endipg Jaw
30, 1870, and for other purposes, was- read
twice by its title, and referred to the CfliiHfl.it-
tee on Appropriations. •
The bill (H. R. No. 1666) to repeaiatkajstf-
j regulating the tenure of certain civil offices*
was read twice by its title, and referred to th , 
joint select Committee on Retrenchment. -v
message from the house. - 5
A message from the House of Represehta-
lives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the resolutkm
of the Senate authorizing and directing the'
continuance of the joint Committee on Ord-
nance, and had appointed Mr. John A. Looas
of Illinois, Mr. Benjamix F. Botlek of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. R. C. Scheuck of Ohio, th'e
committee on its part.
The message also announced thatthe House *
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 404)
providing for the disposition of certain papers-
relating to military claims accruing,in the de-.
partment of the West; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
miss sue murpiiey.
Mr. HOWE. If the morning business is con
eluded, 1 move to take up the bill which was
under consideration at the adjournment last
evening.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 625) for the
relief of Miss Sue Murphey, of Decatur, Ala-
bama.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, before the vote
is taken on this bill I propose to submit some-
further remarks to the Senate in support of if.
I do not think my advocacy of the bill depends
in any degree on the fact that Miss M-urphey
is. a woman and one of our fair countrywomen.
I place it exclusively on the ground that she
was a loyal womaj, and that her property was
taken for publttf*use. I think her claim is as
fair as any imagination can suppose she was;
that it is just; that it is sanctioned by the Con-
stitution ; and that its payment is required by
the Constitution ; and I hold that if the Senate
rejects it, with the aid of the vote and speech
of the honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Mormll,] notwithstanding his heavy denun-
ciation of any repudiation of the just, claims of
the Government, he himself wili be guilty of
that offense. I hold that if the Senator votes
against this bill he will be guilty of repudi-
ation in a case of higher and stronger obliga-
tion than that of any of the bonds of the United
States or any contract which the United States
may have made. In my judgment, this claim
is recognized by the highest law known to our
Government: and that highest law requires the
Senator from Vermont and every other Sen-
ator imperatively to vote for the passage of
the bill under consideration. That highest law
is the Constitution of the United States. I
want the country to understand distinctly that
if this bill is rejected it will be a naked, clear,
and flagitious case of repudiation; and so far
as any support or exposition of it that I can
give is concerned I am determined that it shall
thus be clearly and. distinctly presented to tUs
country.
;\
