1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
services my deeply-lamented husband has rendered
to the United States, and of the fearful loss X have
sustained by his untimely death—his martyrdom X
may say—I respectfully submit to your honorable
body this petition.
Hoping that a yearly pension may be granted me,
so that I may have less pecuniary care, I remain,
most respectfully,
MBS. A. LINCOLN.
Frankfort, Germany.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to say one
word in explanation of what I said before. I
have been placed in the position of being the
particular opponent to the granting of this
allowance or whatever it may be. Such is
not my intention. When I said I saw no reason
in that letter for granting this large amount
of money I had reference particularly to what
I understood to be the private circumstances
of this lady. I had understood that she had
received out of her husband's estate some
thirty thousand dollars, and she must have
had from the year's salary allowed by Congress
some twenty thousand dollars more at least,
making fifty thousand dollars; and it seemed
to me that was tolerably good provision for a
single lady, whose children were also provided
for. I do not wish, however, to be consid-
ered as opposing this resolution. I say again,
if this appears to be the right sum, when we
come to vote I shall vote for it. I do not want
to put myself or any of my committee in the
attitude of factiously opposing this measure.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish to say one word to thegentleman. I remem-
ber I was upon the committee of the House
appointed to take into consideration the subject
of making an appropriation to Mrs. Lincoln.
Judge Davis, who was the executor of the
estate, came before the committee and stated,
if I remember correctly, and I am quite confi-
dent I do, that he divided $87,000 between the
different members of the family after the death
of President Lincoln, which did not include
the $25,000 granted by Congress to the widow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on filling the blank in the resolution
with $5,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I will state in one word
why 1 proposed $5,000. It will be remembered
that immediately after the assassination of Mr.
Lincoln it was proposed to pay to his family or
to his widow—the proposition assumed differ-
ent forms—the fall sum to which he would have
been entitled as President of the United States
had he lived to complete his term. That prop-
osition did not prevail, and instead it was voted
that one year's salary should be paid to the
widow. The interest of the $75,000 which
would have completed the full sum to which
the President would have been entitled had he
lived would be about five thousand dollars.
That was one consideration that moved me in
selecting the sum that I now move. The other
was, aud it was with me final, we have voted
ourselves $5,000 a year as salary as Senators
and Representatives in Congress; and how can
we, in undertaking to provide for the widow of
a martyred President, vote less than we voted
to ourselves?
Mr. TIPTON. I regret the necessity of say-
ing anything on this subject at this time or any
other time, but I know the Senate is coerced
in this matter j and I feel that it is a very un-
gracious act, if I may be permitted parliament-
arily to utter it, for"the distinguished Senator
from Indiana to intimate that it will be a want
of respect for the memory of a martyred Pres-
ident if the Senate shall not vote the appro-
priation called for or the pension demanded.
That, I think, is putting the language a little
too strong on a:subject of this kind, when we
all know that no Senator would rise here in his
place this day and before the American people,
of his own will and own wish, introduce any
such proposition.
Every Senator in'this Chamber understands
that this petition is in bad taste. Every man
understanding the character of Abraham Lin-
coln, so pure, so magnanimous, so worthy of
universal commendation now and hereafter,
knows as well he kno-ws anything that-if
this question could have been submitted to
Abraham Lincoln in his lifetime, if he could
have known the probability of his untimely
death, of the appropriation to his widow of
$25,000 by Congress as the first year's salary;
if he could have known the financial condition
of himself then to be as it has been reported
by his administrator, as something less than
one hundred thousand dollars for the benefit
of his widow and perhaps two heirs, in con-
sideration of the feeling of the American peo-
ple in his behalf and all their kindly acts
towards his widow, he himself would have
advised that never under any circumstances
should she come publicly before the world and
ask the American Congress for a pension. By
virtue of the good taste of that martyred Presi-
dent, and in behalf of his memory, I protest
against this measure. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The half
hour having expired, it is the duty of the Chair
to call attention to that fact.
Mr. SUMNER. I move 
Mr. PERRY. I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of the unfinished business.
Mr. SUMNER. I have the floor.
Mr. FERRY. I do not know whether you
have or not.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to postpone the
unfinished business for another half hour.
Mn FERRY. Mr. President, who has the
floorf
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
Mr. SUMNER. But I was on the floor.
The PRESIDENT _pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was not recognized,
however.
Mr. SUMNER. How did I lose the floor?
Mr. FERRY. I believe I have the floor.
How much longer does the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts want?
Mr. SUMNER. Half an hour.
Mr. FERRY. That is too long.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have an inter-
est in this matter. I object to any further
delay. Half an hour was granted with the
express understanding by the mover that if this
measure were not concluded in half an hour
the ordinary business of the Senate would
go on. I appeal, therefore, to my honorable
.friend from Connecticut to stand by that under-
standing.
Mr. FERRY. I must stand by the action
of the Senate. The Senator from Maine ob-
jects, the Senator from Massachusetts will per-
ceive.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am residuary
legatee in this matter.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 752.
Mr. SUMNER. I move first that the Sen-
ate continue the consideration of the resolu-
tion under consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Only one
motion can be entertained at a time.
Mr. FERRY. I believe 1 have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ Senators
must observe order. The Senator from Con-
necticut at the expiration of the half hour
moved that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the unfinished business, which is
the bill in relation to the market-house.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That does not
require a motion.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
having the market bill in charge gives way to
me to make a motion, and gives me the floor
for that purpose. My motion is to make the
pending resolution granting a pension to Mrs.
Lincoln the special order for seven o'clock
this evening, to be first considered. I make
that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator knows that
there will be no quorum here then.
Mr. CONNESS. He does not know it, be-
cause this resolution will bring a quorum. I
make the motion,
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
done. , ,
Mr. POMEROY. Say eight o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS.; .Well. I will say eight
o'clock. • -
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr.- CONNESS. I make the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to postpone the joint resolution for the re-
lief of Mrs. Lincoln and to make it th« special
order for this evening at eight o'clock.
Mr. WARNER. 1 ask if it is not possible,
by commoa consent, to take the vote on the
measure without any further delay?
Mr. CONNESS. It is not possible. Let
the vote be taken on this motion.
The PRESIDENT protempore put the ques-
tion, and declared the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It takes
two thirds of the Senate to make a special
order.
Mr. CONNESS. That being the case, I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. FERRY. That motion being withdrawn,
I move to proceed to the consideration of the
unfinished business.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not need 'a.mo-
tion for that purpose. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate now proceed to consider the
unfinished business of yesterday, which is Sen-
ate bill No. 752, to incorporate the Washington
Market Company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit that
that does not require a motion.
Mr. FERRY. It is the unfinished business;
Mr. MORTON. Has the ^resolution in re.
gard to Mrs. Lincoln been disposed of?
Mr. SUMNER. There seems to _he some
misunderstanding with regard to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
derstanding of the Chair is this, if the Senate
will hear it: it was moved to postpone the
unfinished business of yesterday for half an
hour, and that was carried by a lnot'ors, and
being carried by a motion, and not by unan-
imous consent, it displaced the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. FERRY. For half an hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The half
hour having expired, the Senator from Con-
necticut obtains the floor and moves to take up
the unfinished business, the bill to incorporate
the market company ; and that is the question
now under consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is whether
we shall proceed with the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut makes that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall vote down
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. FERRY. I rise to a point of order.
The motion was to postpone the.unfinished
business for half an hour. My point of order
is, that upon the termination of the half hour
the unfinishedbusiness comes up of itself with-
out any motion ; it is the order of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
derstanding of the Chair is, that when the
unfinished business is displaced by a motion
and vote of the Senate, whether for half an
hour or a day, it loses its place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That being so,
1 move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the unfinished business of yester-
day—the Indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
the bill that was left unfinished in the day-time,
and then the evening session left unfinished
the market bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is in order
I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We can
only consider one motion at a time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to take
up House bill No. 1788, which was under con-
sideration when the Senate took a recess yes-
terday.
Mr. FEP.RY. Upon that I make the point
of order that my motion to take up Senate
bill No. 75'2 is now pending before the Senate,
and that motion must be disposed of-before
the Senator from Maine can make to motion.
