1246
THE COJSfG-EESSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I address my-
self to the Chsir to know whether my motion
is in order or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This kind
of rivalry raises a question, and I do not know
whether it has ever been decided or not; but it
would lead to universal confusion. If one Sen-
ator makes amotion, and then another Senator
can obtain the floor pending that motion, be-
fore it is tried, and submit another motion and
have that tried, and then another get the floor
and move to take up something else, we shall
have any number of motions, one on top of
the other. For the convenience of business,
the Chair will consider that the motion first
made mast be first decided.
Mr. YATES. Who has the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut moves to take up his
bill, which is a debatable subject.
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the Senator to
allow us twenty five minutes to dispose of this
pension resolution.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator must excuse
me; I cannot yield.
Mr. MORTON. What is the question ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. MOllTON. Is it in order to amend
that motion?
Mr. FERRY. Have I the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Connecticut is pend-
ing, and he has the floor; but it is a debatable
motion.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to submit to the Sen-
ate a word or two on the motion I have made
to take up Senate bill No. 752. That bill came
up at one o'clock as the unfinished business.
The Senator from Massachusetts moved to
postpone it for half an hour for the purpose of
considering the pension resolution ; but upon
the express understanding on the part of the
ft'iends of the bill which I have in charge, as
well as of the friends of the pension resolution,
that at the conclusion of the half hour, without
asking for further time, the bill which I have
in charge would come up; and now it is sought
to displace t.he bill which I have iri charge,
after the understanding had by the friends of
the pension bill, and upon which understand-
ing the Seriate voted to give them the half
hour. I submit, to the Senate if it is fair to
myself, under the circumstances of the case,
to displace my bill.
_ Mr. YATES. 1 am in favor of the Senator's
bill; but I hope he will allow us to dispose of
the resolution with reference to Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. TIIAYER. I submit to the honorable
Senator from Connecticut that the understand-
ing distinctly yesterday was that last evening
should be set aside for District business ; butit
was not the intention that that business should
run over into to-day's session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my honor-
able friend it he did not vote to establish a
different precedent the other day?
Mr. THAYER. I do not think I did; but
if we made a mistake then we will rectify it
now. I appeal to the Senator from Connecti-
cut not to antagonize the market bill against
legislation of a general character. We are
within a few days of the close of the session,
and hardly any of the appropriation bills are
yet passed, and now he undertakes to press a
bill organizing a market company in the city
of Washington against the general business of
the country. I hope if he presses it the Sen-
ate will vote it down.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that when an un-
derstanding is had in the Senate of the United
States it ought to be kept. I was in favor of
the appropriation for Mrs. Lincoln ; but it was
very distinctly understood that if the Senate
gave it half an hour, which half an hour was
an intrusion on the Senator from Maine and
the Senator from Connecticut, its friends would
ask no more. Now, sir, as one of the friends
of that measure, I ask no more and keep my
word ; and I hope that we shall go on with
what was the unfinished business, and, next in
order, take up the bill in charge of the Senator
from Maine.
Air. SUMNER. I intend, also, to keep my
word. Sir, I have no understanding such as
is attributed to the friends of the pension reso-
lution. I had supposed that in one half hour
it could be passed. I thought that was enough,
for I was not aware of any disposition to dis-
cuss it. I suprposed that every Senator was
ready to vote upon it "ay" or "no," and
almost unanimously "ay."
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator allow ine
to aslc him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator says he did
not agree to that understanding. I ask him if
he did not hear other friends of the measure
agree to it ?
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot say that I did.
Therefore, under the circumstances, I would
not feel constrained by any agreement.
Mr. YATES. I did not agree to it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
says he did not agree to it. I knew I could
not have agreed. And now I submit to the
Senate that, having commenced the discussion
of this pensionresolution, we ought to carry it
to an end. It is just one of those measures
that ought not to be postponed. An #|ipro-
priation bill or a market bill may be postponed;
but a bill of this character, which is a charity
to the widow of a great citizen, ought not to
be postponed. We ought to decide it at once.
If the Senate choose to say to this petitioner,
" Go away ; wedo not grant your prayer," let
them say so at once. Do not let the Senate
keep her in attendance at their gates. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate, putting aside all
other business, Indian appropriation bills and
maiket bills, will proceed to settle this ques-
tion, ay or no. And now I move that the
Senate put aside all other pending hills in
order to proceed with the consideration of the
pension resolution ; and on that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. POMEROY. As there is a motion
pending, of course the Senator from Massa-
chusetts cannot, make his motion.
ThePRESlDENT protempore. Themotion
first made must be first disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I hope the Senate
will vote down—I say it with all respect—the
motion of my friend from Connecticut.
Mr. POMlCROY. While 1 feel no particu-
lar interest in any of these bills, I wish to say,
on the question of order, that in my opinion,
as we voted to postpone the unfinished busi-
ness for half an hour, at the end of the half
hour that became the business before the Sen-
ate without a motion. If it did not, we can
go on wish the resolution under consideration
granting a pension t,o Mrs. Lincoln.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The Chair
wishes this matter to be understood, because
it leads to confusion. When a bill is-sought to
be taken up out of order, or to displace another
bill, it may be done by unanimous consent as
it is done almost every day; but if that is
objected to and the parly is compelled to make
a motion, and a vote of the Senate is taken on
that motion, it displaces the bill according to
the rules, as the Chair understands.
Mr. POMEROY. If the motion is to post-
pone the bill to a time definite or a time cer-
tain the bill comes up at that moment without
any vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The opinion
of the Chair is that the length of time to which
it is postponed does not make any difference ;
if it is postponed by a vote it is displaced.
That is the understanding of the Chair. Per-
haps it may be wrong, but that is t.he distinction
which the Chair has observed all along. It
can be done by common consent without dis-
placing the bill under consideration; but if it
is objected to, and the vote of the Senate has to
be obtained, that displaces it. The question
now is on taking up what is known as the mar-
ket bill.
Mr. FERRY. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish simply to say that I
am very much disposed to accommodate the
Senator from Connecticut, and I think he has
a right to have his bill considered now, but
with the understanding that there is to be no
more discussion on the subject I will vote for
the motion to retain the resolution granting
a pension to Mrs. Lincoln before the Senate
until we can get a vote upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. We can have no such
understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will say to my friend
from North Carolina that, for one, 1 cannot
agree to such an understanding, for I have
grave and serious objections to this resolution,
for which I think I have good reasons which
I shall feel it to be my duty to express to the
Senate at some considerable length.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask a question of the Chair for information.
If the motion of the Senator from Connecticut
does not prevail, will it not then be in order
for the Senator from Maine to make a motion
to bring up the Indian appropriation bill?
Several Senators. Of course.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It will be
in order for any Senator who gets the floor to
move to take up anything he pleases after that.
Mr. CORBIfiTT. I shall vote against this
market bill. I reported a bill at the last ses-
sion for the removal of the entire present rub-
bish from off the proposed market site, and to
remove the market to a place between Eleventh
and Thirteenth streets, where the Government
has a piece of land suitable for the purpose,
and open this entire space so that we can have
a view of the Smithsonian grounds from the
avenue. I reported a bill which passed the
Senate, and all they have to do is to take up
that bill in the House.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to know if we have
taken up the market bill ? ["No."] TheSen-
ator was discussing the merits of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I depiro to say
one word. I think the committee having charge
of the appropriation bill yesterday has a right
to have the consideration of the Senate to it
to-day. If the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut prevails, and the market bill comes up
and a vote can be taken upon it withoutdiscus-
sion, I have no objection.
_ Mr. FERRY. I believe it can be substan-
tially. I do not know, however.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But I appeal to
the Senator for this understanding: if I vote
to take up that bill and it comes up and a dis
cussionarises, that he shall yield to me to make
a motion to go on with the appropriation bill.
Mr. GRIMES. You can make a motion to
postpone it.
Mr. FERRY. I cannot consent to yield
upon merely some one rising to discuss the
bill. I think the bill will take no time.
Mr.GlilMES. Asa member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, of which the Senator
from Maine is chairman, I shall vote with the
Senator from Connecticut to take up this bili;
and then if it does take time I shall make a
motion myself, if the Senator from Maine does
not., to immediately postpone it in order t,o take
up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With that under-
standing I shall vote for taking up the unfin-
ished business of last evening.
Mr. GRIMES. We are within two weeks of
the end of this Congress and noapptopriation
bill yet has passed through the two Houses of
Congress. We liave to pass them speedily, and
I trust the responsibility cf preventing their pas-
sage will not rest upon the Senate.
Mr. NYE. We have spent more time in
discussing the order of business than it would
take to pass Mrs. Lincoln's hill. It seems to
me there is a sense of propriety that should
control this matter on the part of the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut. The bili that
he proposes now to take up is a bill of no
