1869;
USE COFGEESSKMAL GLOBE.
208
firing of tire first gun of the rebellion? Was
it by the ordinance of secession passed by the
State? The honorable Senator says that the
Government and the people and the conven-
tion of Alabama had no authority whatever
under the Constitution and outside of rebel-
lion to promulge their ordinance of secession;
and I agree with him. It was as much a nul-
lity and of 110 more effect than if it had never
been promulged by, the convention of Ala-
bama. It had no validity. When these troubles
began Alabama, the gentleman admits, was
friendly territory, was not enemy's territory ;
Miss Sue Murphey was a friend of our coun-'
f*y and Government, not its enemy. I ask
the honorable Senator from Michigan, and I
ask the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
what authoritative power made Alabama en-
emy's Country? What authoritative power
made Sue Murphey and the loyal people who
were in the State of Alabama enemies to their
country? The honorable Senator from Mich-
igan contends that everything which the rebels,
or which the rebel States did, or attempted to
do toward those ends, was perfectly null and
void. I agree with him. It had no effect
whatever.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow me to ask him one question right
thorp ?
Mr.' DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood him to say
that everything that was done by the rebel gov-
ernment was null and void.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Does he adhere to that
principle ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do, and I have always main-
tained it, and I expect always to maintain it. I
say there was no government dejure ordefaeto
in the southern confederacy ; that is, so far as
they attempted to revolutionize and to dissolve
their constitutional relations with the United
States and its government, I say that every-
thing they attempted to do toward those ends
was absolutely null and void and of no effect.
I understand that to be the position of the
honorable Senator. If he dissents from it,when
he chooses to reply to my remarks let him state
distinctly his dissent and its ground.
With that position conceded by him andby
me, I ask the honorable Senato#what author-
ity, what binding act of the southern confed-
eracy, or of any State in the southern confed-
eracy, made the State of Alabama enemy's
country, and her people adhering to their
highest allegiance to the United States, and
keeping their oath to support the Constitution
of the United States, enemies of the United
States, and placed them in the condition where
they were subjected to be treated in their per-
sons and property as would be the subjects of
Great Britain if the United States were at war
with that Power? There is no such principle.
Was not Sue Murphey, in her home before the
difficulties commenced, residing in the United
States ? Was not her home a part of the Uni-
ted States? Was she not residing there in
peace, with a loyal and true heart to her coun-
try, to the Government, and to the Union ?
Had she not a right to remain there; and
remaining there, within the United States, was
she not entitled to tlie protection and support
of the United States in her fidelity to its Gov-
ernment and to its institutions ? Certainly she
was.
Now, I lay down this position, and I chal-
lenge the honorable Senator to refute it either
by argument or authority: Alabama was a
component part of the United States; it be-
longed before the war and during the war, and
belongs at this time to the United States; it
was no less a part of the United States when
the rebellion raged -with most violence, and
when there was most doubt on what side the
fortune of war would prevail. At that time
Alabama and every foot of territory within her
boundary was a part of the United States.
Sue Murphey was there under the shield of the
Constitution. Sbe was there with this great,
imperishable principle protecting her, that it
her property was taken for the public use of
the United States it was upon the express and
constitutional condition of having just com-
pensation made. In the forcible summary of
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Akthokt] all the powers of Alabama, all the
powers of the southern confederacy, and all
the powers of earth and hell, so long as the
Constitution prevailed and ruled, had no au-
thority to change her relations to,her country
in the home which she had occupied before, in
the peaceful protection of which it was the
duty of her Government to defend her. Her
heart was true and loyal to the flag, to the
Union, to the law, to the Constitution ; and to
say that crimes and acts which gentlemen
denounce as having no force and no effect
could have nevertheless the operation to make
Alabama enemy's country and Sue Murphey
an enemy to her country when her heart beat
as true to that country and its Government as
that of the honorable Senator from Michigan
or any citizen within the broad limits of the
United States is a perversion of language, of
reason, and of moral and political ethics.
Mr. President, my honorable friend from
Michigan is an able lawyer. I have known
him lor many long years; and his ability as a
lawyer I have always conceded and now fully
recognize. I will state to him one or two
principles, not only of our Constitution and the
law which it forms, but of national law. When-
ever a country or a portion of country is over-
run by a foreign or hostile enemy the subju-
gation of that country does not make it a part
of the enemy's country; it is only a temporary
occupation by violence and force of arms; as,
for instance, when the English arms conquered
Michigan, and when the British arms also con-
quered a portion of the State of Maine, I deny
that the overrunning and the temporary occu-
pation of those portions of the United States
by the British arms made them enemy's coun-
try. There are but two modes by which any
portion of the territory of the United States
can be made enemy's country. The one is by
negotiation and cession, and the other by war
4nd the necessities of war. When a part of a
country or the whole of it is overrun by the
enemy's arms and occupied by the enemy the
country that is taken possession of by the in-
vading army does not become a part of and is
not incorporated with the Government of the
invading country until the territory is assured
to the party making the conquest by treaty or
by long peaceful and undisputed occupation.
I concede that the territory of the United
States may be detached from the United States
in either of these modes, but in none other.
The territory must be passed to the foreign
state by the treaty-making power, or it must
be conquered by the arms of the foreign State
and held and possessed by the authorities of
the foreign State for such a long course of time
in peaceful, quiet, undisputed posses-ion as
according to the laws of nations would pass
the title to the territory to the invading State.
Was there any such process as that here?
Let me take the invasion of the honorable Sen-
ator's now State, then Territory, by the Brit-
ish forces during the war of 1812. Suppose
there were some citizen of Detroit at that time
now living, and after General Harrison bore
back the British troops under General Brock
across to the British territory it became neces-
sary to take the property of that citizen, who
had remained true and loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States and continued to
live in Detroit all the time, for precisely the
same purpose for which the property of Sue
Murphey was taken, would the honorable Sen-
ator contend that after the enemy had been
driven back and the authority of the United
States had repossessed itself of the conquered
country, and had by its officers constructed forts
out of the material and property belonging to
a loyal citizen, that loyal citizen would not be
entitled to just compensation for his or her
property so taken ? Mr. President, the thing
is preposterous, and its injustice and absurdity
are equally revolting; but no more so than in
the case under consideration. Here this lady
lived within the United States at her former
home. She was entitled to have the full pro->
tection of the General Government thrown
around her person to- protect it and all her
rights of property. The Government was un-
able for a time to perform this task in Decatur;
but the country and the Government rallied
their energies and forces, they drove the in-
surgents from Decatur, repossessed themselves
of the country, reinstated the government, and
authority, and laws of the United States, and
that Government and those laws have pre-
vailed there without interruption ever since.
But gentlemen say that this town of Decatur
was attacked by Hood, on his march north, to
get in the rear of General Thomas. That is an
argument which reinforces the claim of Miss
Murphey. It shows the military exigency that
existed for taking her property to build a fort,
and it shows the valuable purpose of defense
which that property subserved for our armies,
our country, the common defense, by taking it
and incorporating it into this fortification. Sir,
this country never was enemy's country. It
never could become enemy's country until it
was formally conquered and subjugated by the
rebellion, until thesuccessof that war of rebel-
lion had been recognized by the treaty-making
power, or until the rebels and insurgents had
maintained themselves peacefully, quietly,
firmly in the possession of Decatur for such a
long course of time as by the law of nations,
in analogy to the laws regulating private titles
to land, would have ripened into a title.
I admit that in times of great military ex-
igencies a military commander may seize private
property for public use. When the just and
proper defense of the country or the success-
ful prosecution of the war with which he ia
charged requires it, he has the power to do it.
It is a constitutional power. It is not the
power of the robber, of lawless and resistless
force. Itisnotthe power of an unjust usurper
trampling upon the constitution and laws of
his country and making might right. No, Mr.
President, it is a peaceful, ordinary, neces-
sary power under the Constitution in its proper
exercise; and that power alone, properly,
peacefully, and constitutionally, was exercised
when Miss Murphey's property was taken and
so appropriated.
The gentlemen who oppose this claim live
where the storm and fury of battle did not
rage. Their homes were undisturbed by the
shock of arms. Their women and children
and men were never frightened by the roar of
artillery. They occupied a country of such
security and loyal feeling that no man dared
be a rebel. They are the men who constitute
the force that oppose this bill and all similar
measures. But in the southwest and in Ala-
bama it required principle and moral and physi-
cal courage, and love and devotion to the Union
and the Constitution and the enforcement of
the laws, to oppose the rebellion. Where all
the great principles and forces of human de-
cision and human action were operating to
drive persons from their loyalty, from their
true fealty to the country, loyalty was a thing
to be prized. Do we not owe something to
the persons who were faithful amid such fiery
and terrible trial ?
Here was a feeble and a fair woman with
heroic soul, and with all a woman's devotion
and truth, faithful to her country and its Gov-
ernment, who manifested a heroic adherence
to her country amid the storm and the doubt
of raging civil conflict. She showed her high
courage, her high moral devotion to her coun-
try, and when her property was taken as a
necessity of the public defense, when the safety
and the life of the nation required it, should
she not be compensated ? It is by contribu-
tions of this sort in small amounts that, to use
a cant phrase, the life of the nation was pre-
served. When this lady's property was taken
in extremis in this great exigence, and to pre-
serve the life of the nation, the position of
the honorable Senator and his coadjutors in
this ungracious resistance is that they who
