m
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
were- perfectly secure are not bound to con-
tribute to her- indemnity; that although this
storm of war may have swept from her all her
stnall possessions, and left her- and her orphan
sister in poverty, penury, and wttnt; when
what, they Imd; went like the widow's mite to
the cause of saving the nation, there shall be
no common average, that the eost:shfl,lL-not be
met equally,by.-the otbe® people of-th® United
States whose position wa& secure, who. saw
swd heard the raging of ths-stoirm at. a distance,
and slept as. quietly and. seea«ely> as though
there had leet) no storm 5 that this ddvoted
woman must give her all to save the life of the
nation', and that the Senator's constituency,
so secure, and. many of them so much more
wealthy, shall; give nothing. Is there any
season.-,- humanity, justice, or law ia that?
Hone.
Mr. President, I have only adverted to a few
objections to show why the laws of war do not
aud cannot apply to this and similar cases
without utter confusion, without revolution,
without the overthrow of our Government and
its most valuable aud sacred principles. Gen-
tlemen commit ti great error, and it is a very
common one, when they choose to illustrate
the powers of our Government by analogy to
foreign Governments by the lawn of nations.
1 will read a, lit.de from Air. Madison in order
to show the error and danger of such a course
of interpretation aud construction. Mr. Madi-
son, iu his recently published letters, says:
"Our governmental system is established by n,
connuct, not between th > Government of tho United
Sr.uos ;l d the State governments, but between the
Stntes us sovereign communities, stip ilnting with
each oilier a sum-nder of certain portions of tlieir
ro.^peciivo iiutiiontk-s to be exercised by a oouimjii
Government, au<l a lcsorv.ition for their own oxer-
ciso of .ill tfioii otheruuCboHtiea."—Madison's Writ-
ings. vol. 3, p. 223.
Again :
"I view our politic*1 system also as you do, us a
combination mid modification of powers uitbout a
iii 'dcJ, iia emphatically sui> generis, ot which one re-
markable featuro is itsanoihikiiun of a power in lie-
rent in some branch of nil other Government*, that
of taxing exports. I wish, moreover, that you might
bo Jolluwcdm the example ot defining tho terms used
in nrgumoi/t, the only effectual precaution against
fruitless and endless discussion. This losrioal pre-
copt in peculiarly essential in debating constitutional
questions, to which, for want of moro appropriate
woriK, such arc oft n applied as loud to error and
confusion. Known words express known ideas; and
now ide:i% such us aro presented by our novel and
unique political system, must be expressed either by
new words or by old wordd with novr definitions."—
Iltul., p. 43(5.
Again:
"It. hsis been too much the caso in expounding (he
Confutation of the United States that its meaning '
has h<'Ou sought, not in its peculiar and unprece-
dented modifications of power, but by viewing it
soine through the medium of a simple Government,
others through that of ainorolonguo of governments.
It is neither tho out* nor thootber, but c^optially
riiueieutlrow both. It must consequently be its own
interpreter. Ho other Government can furnish a
hey to its character. Other Governments present an i
individual and nidi visible sovereignty. The Consti-
tution ot the United btates divides the sovereignty:
the portion surrendered by theStatcs composing the I
federal sovereignty over Speoificsubjects; tho por- !
tions retained lornaing'thosovereignty of each over :
tho rebiduiiry bubjects-within its sphere. It sover-
eignty cannot bo so divided the political system of
tho United States is a chimera, moekmg tho vain
pretensions- ot human wisdom."—lbi'l.x vol. 4, p. 61,
iue Government of the United States, being a
novelty and a compromise, had no technical terms
appropriate to it. and old terms aro to be used in new
&t uses, ex plained by tho context or the facts of the
case, —lUuL, p. 20^.
^ Islow, &ir, there are the fundamental prin-
ciples of the Constitution laid down by Mr. |
Mudison, who bus generally been styled in his- I
tury its lather. I believe, myself, Iroui having
ciirefullyread bis writings, that he knew uiore |
of the Constitution—more of its true pria- I
Oples than till the men who have ever wiitteu '
or spoken upon that instrument. Que of the j
legitimate conclusions from these, prerois.es is,
that when the Constitution establishes aprin-
ciple or contains a provision in words, that
ptinciple or those words cannot be. reached,
ibey cnnnot be annulled, they eannpt be quali-
fied, they cannot be added to by a recurrence
to ilie provisions and powers, of any other
Government. The Government of the IJuited
States, created by the Constitution, is mi genr
erisf it ia its own interpreter. ■ Other Ch ver  <
nients can furnish no authority of law or-of
reason in relation to its construction, except
where its express principles are identical with
those of the Government from which authority
is sought to illustrate and enforce it.
Now, sir, i will apply these principles. Hers
is, a pro-vision of the Constitution of the United
States in concise and the most, explicit lan-
guage, that private property shall not be taken
for public use except upon just compensation.
That is a provision peculiar to our Govern-
inent. , In that feature our Government is sui
generis. In that feature our Government- is a
departure from all other systems of Govern-
ment, so far as the fundamental law is con-
cerned. There is no other Government in the
world that has a written Constitution, a funda-
mental law enumerating and delegating its pow-
ers, dividing them out among the people, and se-
curing certain greatcivil rights to every citizen,
which has any such provision. Now, whatisthe
position of Mr.Madison? This provision stands
by itself; it stands in the fundamental law in
times of revolution as a rock does in a stormy
and tempestuous sea. The billows of faction,
of military tyranny, of lawless violence, of
cupidity, and .rapine and plunder may beat
against this great., deeply founded, and immov-
able principle, but it remainsiirtnas an island-
bound rock of the ocean.
That is the law which Senators have sworn
to support. That is the law of this case. That
is tho law which ought to rule it. Wherever
reason, learning, justice, and morals prevail,
whether in deliberate assemblies or in courts
or in popular assemblies or anywhere on the
f.ice of the earth, there is the law that will gov
ern thii and all similar cases. It is only pas-
sion and corruption that, silence and stifle that
law. The honorable Senator from California
£ Air. Cole] yesterday quoted the maxim inter
arma silent Itges: in the midst of arms the laws
are silent. I grant that where the rage of
battle exists, where all civil authority is over-
thrown, in the very storm of battle, in its
midst, from necessity that maxim prevails;
but whenever the storm of battle has passed
away the law, like the reed that is prostrated
by the raging storm, rises to its natural position
and resumes its wonted authority. That is
exactly the state of things here. When De-
catur vvas beleagured, if it was beleagured;
when it was assaulted, while the assault con-
tinued, before it was decided, as a matter of
necessity the civil law was bilenced; but so
soon as that storm of battle passed away aud
the authorities, military or civi 1, of our coun-
try took peaceful, quiet possession of Decatur,
or of any other portion of Alabama, in the coun-
try thus possessed by our arms and our au-
thority, where the law could be peacefully
administered, there was no longer any appli-
cation of the maxim quoted from Cicero by
the honorable Senator from California. That
is the argument of usurpers, of tyrants, of
demagogues, of mobs. 1 have heard it, and
I give it the least possible operation. I cer-
tainly ascribe it to times and places inexorable,
and it has no application whatever in this case.
•Uut, Mr. President, suppose all the princi-
ples for which the honorable gentlemen who
oppose this bill contend- were correct, what,
then, is the further law, according to their own
system, which would prevail'! I read the other
day from the decision in the ease of Brown vs.
The United, States, which has been received as
authority by all the courts and commentators
upon our Constitution and by all American
publicists since as the true law, I will read
the syllabus of tluit decision ;
" British property found in tho United States on
land at tho Cjommecoement of hostilities witlx
Britain cannot be condemned as enemy's property
without a, legislative act authorizing its confiscation.
'"liioaetof the Legislature declaring war is not
such an act."
One of the principles of our Government
declared in explicit language by the Supreme
Court is-that Congress has no power to declare
war against a State ; but if Congress had that
power, -if it had it under the law of nations
ia analogy to the relations existing between
independent and sovereign and foreign States,
what would be the effect,'! What was decided
by the Supreme Court to be its effect in the
ease I have just cited'! Congress declared war
against Great Britain; property belonging to
one of-her subjects was found wit bin the United
States; during the progress of the war the law
officers of th© Government had that property
libeled as enemy's property; the circuit court
decided that the declaration of war of itself
produced the confiscation and authorized the
seizure of that, property. That was the only
question- in .the case. Upon that isolated ques-
tion it was taken up from the judgment, ot Mr.
Justice Story to the Supreme Court,, and there
the court, Mr. Justice Story alone dissenting,
announced after full and solemn argument the
principle which I have stated, that the mere
declaration of war does not confiscate prop-
erty ; and until the property is confiscated by
law it belongs to the alien enemy resident in
the country'. Congress might liftve.. added a
clause of confiscation to the-deel-ai-ation'of war;
it might, at any time pass another act declaring
the confiscation ot the property-of the subjects
of England found within the United States;
but it passed no such law ; and the judgment
of the, Mansfield of America, who, did more
service toward a coirect exposition of the
Constitution than any mail, whatever who ever
lived except Mr. Madison, not having molded
it, decided expliciily that the owner, although
a public enemy and aforeigner resident in this
country, was not disturbed in his possession or
title to the property that was claimed in the
libel, and could not bo until Congress saw fit. to
enact, and had enacted a special law to confis-
cate that property under particular or general
terms.
Now, what would the principle here require ?
What would it have required of- Congress?
Let us in imagination to ourselves liken it to
the invasion of Pennsylvania by the rebels,
when the contest seemed to hang in equal
scales. Suppose the honorable Senator from
Michigan had then proposed, " we will pass a
law according to such principles as are claimed
irt this debate to (fefeat.-this bill; we will de-
clare that citizens of the southern States, in-
dependently of rebellion, without regard to their
fidelity and support of the Constitution of their
country, are public enemies; we will pass a
law to confiscate all their property-; we will
pass a law that we will seize the persons of
those who are residents in our lines and im-
prison them or eject them forcibly from the
loyal States—a law that shall subject all their
estates to forfeiture aud confiscation
Why did not the honorable Senator in his
devotion to this principle, in bis deep detesta-
tion of the enemies of the country, in obedi-
ence to the laws which now, when the war is
over, he says should govern this case—why did
he not tben introduce bills into Congress to
produce these results 'I Why did not he intro-
duce a bill to banish Andrew Johnson from the
presidential chair ? Jt would have saved the
ridiculous farce of impeachment for mere dif-.
ferenee in politics. Why did not he introduce
a law to banish Mr* Justice Wayne from the
Supreme-bench?^ Why did he permit that, illus-
trious and pure, judge to hold his seat in that
august tribunal for the purpose of construing
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
the treaties which the United States formed
with foreign nations, and the constitutions and
statutes of all the States in the. Union ? Sir, if
the honorable Senator had introduced a meas-
ure ot that kind he would have been thought
a raving roadma,n ; lje,would have made astep
so mistaken$od s.q pispostexous as to have pro-
duced a tremendous conoterearrent in public
feeling and have brqught.ihe United States
Goveruuieflt.and its supporters to the.feet of
the reb.ela.
Why, sir,.Jeffries, if he were iu this country,
would never h,ave. advocated such a principle
as that. S&was-a.stern judge, learned in Urn
law, but his vieious and ferocious nature made
him erajitie which he wore deep in.
