1869.
fflfflS' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wt
tile gore of the murdered victii&Wf Ifisjudieiat
tyranny; and such a judgment «s that would
have been pronounced against such atrocious
measures if they had been attempted to be in-
trodueed by the honorable Senator. Sir,'11
meet, the honorable Senatorupon his own prem-
ises, upon his own principles, on'the question
that the absence of an act of'confiSeation rett--
ders the title and possession of Sue- Mtifphey:
to. her property, and of every matf, woman-,
and ehild'fca the United States in hercondition,
safe to her and to the respective owners.' That'
is the law of the land, pronounced by the
greatest ju-dicia! tight that ever lived in it.
Why, Mr. President, if the honorable Sena-
tor's principle is capable of any application,
this would be the utmost extent of its applica-
tion: that only where a citizen of the United
States joined the rebellion did he become the
enemy of his country. A man or a woman true
to the Constitution, true to the authority of the
United States, true to the Union and laws, might
have been passing like Shadrack, Meshach, and
Abednego through the fiery furnace of rebel-
lion, protected by the aegis of the Constitution,
he or she would have passed' as untouched by
the fieiy flames as those' men who "were pro-
tected by the great Jehovah. ' That is the pro-
tection which Sue Murphey- and every person
in her condition is entitled to from the Congress
of the United States and from the courts.
Crime is personal; punishment is personal.
The Constitution of the-United States knows
no punishment of an innocent person, no for-
feitureoflife, of liberty, ofproperty. Wherever
the people who weie in the southern States
preserved their loyalty, their fidelity to their
Government, they-were as unstained by rebel-
lion, as free from all its consequenccs, as the
honorable Senator from Michigan, and with
much more merit, because the temptation and
forces that operated so terribly upon them and
with such little results he was a perfect
stranger to.
The honorable Senator, and those who assist
him, cannot get, away from the partisan illusion
that these States became rebel and enemy's
territory by State boundaries. If it would not
bethought disrespectful to the honorable Sen-
ator's learning I would pronounce that to be
unmitigated nonsense. It is refuted by the
opinion of the Chief Justice in Mrs. Alexan-
der's case. No, sir, Alabama never was ene-
my's country; no southern State ever was
enemy's country ; not one square inch of the
United States ever was enemy's country. It
was a country where insurrection and rebellion
for a time overthrew the law; but when the
insurrection was subdued and put down the
law sprang up by the inherent principles of
our Government and our Constitution. The
Supreme Court recognized that doctrine in
Mrs. Alexander's cotton case; and here in
Decatur, if there ever was a time when the
rebel flag and the rebel power swayed and
ruled it was but a short interval; and when
that rule was driven out the constitutional rule
of the United States Government, with the pan-
oply of the Constitution, with all the great rights
of person, of property, of conscience, which
that instrument secures to the peaceful and
true citizen, immediately sprang np into full
force and effect, prcjrrio vigore.
That is the. law as recognized by Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, and it is' the law of justice.
Unless that can prevail in this case, all else
would be of the most revolting character, rev-
olutionary, unjust, oppressive, confounding
virtue, and innocence with guilt and the deep-
est stains of vice.
Sir, there is no such confounding of princi-
ples and of morals in our Government. If
your own principles—as they must necessarily
apply under our Constitution and in subordi-
nation to- it—are to have any application at all,
before yon can make these penalties attach to
any individual you must show that that indi-
vidual was actively a rebel. The honorable
Senator from California said yesterday, in the
beginning of his remarks, that if he conceded
that there was any obligation, express or im-
pliedy 'irf this" case, which would reqniw the>
United States W'pay the claim, he would vote
for the bill'. Sir, I wish the case were before
an enlightened and an impartial court upon
that proposition.
Mr. COLE. I desire- to correct the Senator.
My statement Wag that-we should pay in cases
where there was a contract, express or im-
plied:
Mr. DA Y 18. ' That was-my understanding.
No*, sir", when the Constitution declares that
no private property shall be taken for public
use without just compensation wad©, and-the-
private'property of a loyal citizen-is thus
taken, it is one of the strongest implied con-;'
traets that can be supposed. There is no in-
telligent court whatever in this land, or in any
other land, that would not sustain it as an
implied contract.
Mr. President, so far as my wishes and de-
sires are involved, if gentlemen intend to repudi-
ate a contract, be it so. It is nothing new in
our-history. Gentlemen of the majority have
already repudiated a contract which they them-
selves had explicitly made two or three times
with my State and with the other States which
held slaves. They passed a solemn law pro-
viding that if we w-ould permit our negroes to
enlist in the armies of the United States, if
we would encourage them, incite them to enlist
in the armies, the Government would pay $300
for each of those who should voluntarily be
enlisted. My State has a claim exceeding
$10,000,000 against this Government. In obe-
dience to this law and promise the Senate
deliberately passed an appropriation bill direct-
ing $10,000,000 to be applied to the discharge
of this claim; and after that had been con-
curred in, as I believe, by the House of-Rep-
resentatives, the gentlemen of the majority
countermarched; they countermarched as they
now have in the other House in relation to the
tenure of civil office bill; they took the back
track ; they passed a law suspending the pay-
ment of money for property thus taken for
public use for which Congress had two or
three times pledged its word, its faith, its
obligation.
The question may come in another form, as
to what is equitable between the Government
and the bondholders. To the bonds there
were two parties: there was the Government
and the purchaser of the bonds. It was a con-
tract. The purchaser was not forced to take
the bond; he did it voluntarily, and he paid
less than half its value in gold for it in most
cases. Under your constitutional power it was
necessary for the existence and administration
of the Government to seize private property for
public use; you have done that, and the Con-
stitution imposes the obligation upon you to
pay for it, a supreme obligation, and you swore
to support that Constitution and to comply with
that obligation ; and yet you come in now and
offer to repudiate this pledge that comes up so
fully to the principle and provision of the Con-
stitution. Sir, when men denounce repudia-
tion after giving a vote against this bill they
ought to hold a thick veil before their faces.
They ought, to blush deeply in shame and
remorse, if they have any conscience which will
lead them to feel such sentiments as to bring
forth blushes of shame and remorse. They
ought to have a thick veil to hold up to protect
them from public scorn for the violation of
faith.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I have but a
word to add to what has already been said on
the question before the Senate. The position
that I occupy in this case goes upon the pre-
sumption that Miss Sue Murphey was loyal to
the Federal Government, that she owned this
property, and that the property was taken by
the Government for the use of the Army. If
t-hat be true, I hold that she is entitled to the
pay for it the same, living at Decatur, that she
would have been had she and the property
been in- the State of Pennsylvania or any State
North. Itisfrom that stand-point thatlargue
this question. Those points, all bat one of
them at-anjMate,,se«t to-ha,ye be«n ■ conceded
by the Committee' on Claims, and that is as
to the nature of the claim. That, I believe,
is not conceded. Some hold that it-is for dam-
ages. and not for property appropriated for the
Government use: bat taking it to be property
that was appropriated and used by the Gov-
ernment. I hold that she is-to be paid for- that
property. , - < ,
While I was up the other day I contended
that from, the commencement of the war to
the- present time every department of the Gov-
ern mm?. had taken position in opposition to
tlie law of nations on this subject'of construct-
ive enemies. I then-made my remarks with-
out having very thoroughly examined the sub-
ject. Since that time I have looked further
into it, and I find that I am sustained in that
proposition. I find that from the commence-
ment of the war there was an exception made
in favor of the loyal citizen, without regard to-
his local habitation, and that be was treated
from time to time by every department of the
Government as a friend, and not as an enemy
of the Government. I
What I rose now for was: to eall the atten-
tion of tlwy Senate to what, L-believe, is known
as the confiscation act. By that act all the
properl.yjof the officers, civil and military, of
the confederate States of America was confis-
cated. There were five or six different classes
of officers and men whose property was confis-
cated by the law of July 17, 1862. The sixth
sectiou of that act provides as follows. -I will
read it, as I can get the. idea better in that way
than -by stating it:
14 And be it further enacted, That if any person
within any State or Territory of the United States,
other than those named aa aioresaid, alter the .pas-
sage of this act, being engaged in armed rebellion
against the Government of the United States or aid-
ing or abetting su,cli rebellion, shall not, within sixty
days after public warning and prochimatiuu duly
given and made by thePresiden t of the United States,
cease to aid, countenance, and abet such rebellion
and return to his allegiance to the United States, alt
tlie e&rate and property, moneys, stocks, and credits
of such persons shall be liable to seizure as aforesaid;
and it snail be the duty of the President to seize and
use them as aforesaid, or the proceeds thereof."
That section applies to all the inhabitantsof
the South except those who were holding cer-
tain offices. It was intended for the people.
It was intended to invite a return of the people
to their allegiance, not by States, but individu-
ally. The President, in conformity to the re-
quirements of that law, issued a proclamation
which I wish to read in this connection. It is
very short:
"In pursuance of the sixth section of the act of
Congress entitled ' An act to suppress insurrection
and to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property ot rebels, and for other pur-
poses.' approved July 17,1862, and which net; and
thejoint resolution explanatory thereof, are herewith
published, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States, do hereby proclaim to and warn all
persons within tho contemplation of said si xth section
to cease participating in, aiding, countenancing, or
abetting the existing rebellion, or any rebellion
against the Government of the United States, and to
return to their proper allegiance to the United States,
on pain of the forfeitures and seizures as within and
by said sixth section provided."
By that proclamation in 1862 sixty days were
given to the people of the South individually—
not collectively, not by States, not by counties,
but individually—to return to their allegiance
to the Government of the United States. Every
person who after the expiration of those sixty
days adhered to the Government of the Uuited
States by that proclamation is regarded as a
friend and not an enemy of the Government.
If the President of the United States, in-obe-
dience to an act of Congress, invites the return
individually of those engaged in rebellion, or
those who by construction are in rebellion,
to their allegiance, and they do so and east
their fortunes with the Government upon that
invitation, can the Government in good faith
treat them any longer as enemies? Is not the
effect of that to make them from that time
forth not public enemies, but the friends of the
Government with all the rights of the friends
of the Government in any other portion of the
country ? That is the point to which I wished
to call the attention of the Senate> that after
the date of that proclamation, after .the tixt y
