1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CLARK HALL.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
]N o. 905.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
, No. 905) granting a pension to Clark Hall was
read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll. subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Clark Hall, of
Ohio, a soldier of the war of 1812, who served
in the fourth regiment of Virginia volunteers,
and thit, life be paid a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the
1st of January, 1869, and to continue during
his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH CLARKE.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 906.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 900) granting a pension to Elizabeth Clarke
was read a. second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Elizabeth Clarke, widow of Newman S. Clarke,
late colonel of the sixth regiment of infantry,
United States Army, and to pay her a pension
at the rate of thirty dollars per month, to com-
mence from and after the passage of this act,
and to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELIZA WHITING.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. T move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 907.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 907) granting a pension to Eliza Whiting
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Eliza Whiting, widow of the late Brevet Brig-
adier General Henry Whiting, United States
Army, and to pay her a pension at the rate of
thirty dollars per month from the 10th of Sep-
tember, 1851, to continue during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
- JULIA WIIISTLHR.
Mr. V^N WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 815.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 815) granting a pension to Julia Whistler
was considered as in Committeeof the Whole-
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Julia Whistler, widow of William Whistler,
late a colonel in the United States army, and
to pay her a pension at the rate of thirty dol-
lars per month, to commence December ti,
186?,, and to continue during her widowhood.
fhe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLOTTE CRANE.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen- !
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 840.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to '
consider the bill (S. No. 840) granting a pen-
sion to Charlotte Crane.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out all after
the enacting clause and to insert the following:
Tbat the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Charlotte Crane,
widow of Xchabod B. Crane, late colonel of the first
regiment artillery, United States Army, and to pay
her a pension at the rate of thirty dollars per month,
to commence from and after the passage of this act,
and to continue during her widowhood.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PAULINA JONES.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 655.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 655) granting a pension
to Paulina Jones, of Greene county, Tennes-
see. It directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Paulina Jones, of Greene
county, Tennessee, widow of Alexander Jones,
deceased, on the pension-roll, to commence on-
the 1st day of June, 1865, at the rate of 
dollars per month, to continue during her wid-
owhood.
The committee reported an amendment to
fill the blank in the bill with the word "eight."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
message from tub iioush.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mi'.McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the ilouse bad passed the following bill
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. 11. No. 1880) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 459) author-
izing the Secretary of War to allow to the New
York and Oswego Midland Railroad Company
a right of way across a portion of the public
ground at Fort Ontario, .Oswego, New York,
for railroad purposes.
ANNA R. VOOKIIISIiS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 909.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 909) granting a pension to Anna 11. Voor-
liees was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Anna R. Voorhees, widow of Philip P.
Voorhees, late a commodore in the United
Slates Navy, and to pay her a pension at the
rate of thirty dollars per month from and after
the 1st of January, 1863, to continue during
her widowhood; the pension to be paid out
of the naval pension fund.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report read
in that case.
1 he Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Van Winkle, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the 8th instant:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom wasreferred
the petition ot Anna It. Voorhees, having had the
&aine under consideration, report:
The petitioner is the widow of the lateCommodore
Philip P. Voorhees, TJn|ted States Navy, who entered
the iNiivy in 1309, and passed through all grades of
the service to commodore, which rank he held when
he died 1862.
Din,UK the war of 1812-15 Commodore Voorhees
w.ib distinguished in many victories under Decatur,
Warrington, and others, for which he was thanked
by Congress and presented with a gold medal.
While engaged in the service in the China seas, in
1848, he lost his health from exposure and returned
home in a, feeble state, from which he never fully re-
covered but died in service, in which he had been
employed for fifty-three years, in the year 1802.
The committee report a bill granting a pension to
the petitioner, and recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ISAAC PHILIPS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1745.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1745) for the relief of the estate of Isaac
Philips, deceased, who was a private in the
revolutionary war, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for paying
out of the pension fund, or out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
Sally Philips, daughter-in-law of Isaac Philips,
deceased, the sum of $500, which is to be in
full for all pension claim that was due from the
United States to Isaac Philips, a private in the
revolutionary war, Sally Philips having nursed
and taken care of him in his declining years.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
SARAII E BROOKER.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
atg proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 790.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No, 790) forthe relief of Mrs. Sarah E. Brooker
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that by virtue of the pro-
visions of the act. of Congress of July 27,1868,
amendatory of the pension laws, Mrs. Sarah
E. Brooker, the widow of Lieutenant William
H. Brooker, deceased, who died in February,
1807, of disease contracted while in service in
the Army of the Union during the late rebel-
lion, applied to the Pension Bureau of the
Interior Department for the back pay to which
her husband was in his lifetime entitled ; that
the Department determined that she was enti-
tled thereto, and paid her the same, amounting
to the sum of S810; and that subsequently to
this decision, and after the payment to her of
the sum named, the Department puta different
construction on the act of Congress, and now
require Sarah E. Brooker to refund the ยง810,
and have suspended the payment to her of her
pension to which she was entitled and which
has been allowed and heretofore paid to her
monthly until she shall refund that sum. The
bill therefore provides that Sarah E. Brooker
shall be relieved from the payment of the sum
of $810, and that the payment of her pension
shall not be suspended any longer in conse-
quence of the non-payment of that sum back
to the Department,
The hill was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Pensions report an amendment to
the preamble of this bill to strike out " back
pay" and insert "pension."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
ANN E. RUSSELL.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 859.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 859) granting a pension to Ann E. Russell
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that on July 19, 1807, a
pension was granted to Ann E. Russell, us
widow of Charles S. Russell, at the grade of
captain twentieth regiment United St,at< s in-
fantry, at twenty dollars per month from and
after November 3, 1SG6 ; that Charles S. Rus-
sell in his lifetime and in civil life commanded
and received a large and lucrative salary ; that
while in the United States military service,
during the late war, he served in the rank of
brigadier general of volunteers, as is evidenced
of the letter from the War Office herewith
