1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
transmitted; that his widow and two small
daughters are left in destitute circumstances,
and that the pension of twenty dollars per
month now allowed her is not sufficient for the
support, maintenance, and education of her
children. The bill therefore proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Ann E. Russell, widow of Charles S. Rus-
sell, late captain twentieth regiment United
States infantry, (by brevet, brigadier of United
States volunteers,) on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions of the pension laws, at the
rate of thirty dollars per month, the increased
rate to date back to the commencement of her
pension, to wit, November 8, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Was that bill reported
by the committee ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was re-
ported adversely. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
The Senate refused to order the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading; and so it was
rejected.
j. b. w. iiaynes.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 908.
The motion was agreed to; and thebill (S. No.
90S) granting a pension to J. B.W. Haynes, of
Union county, Ohio, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of J. B. W. Haynes, of Union
county, Ohio, a soldier of the war of 1812,
and to pay him a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence from and
after the passage of the act, and to continue
during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
martin n, sloccm.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-'
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 910.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 910) granting pensions to the minor chil-
dren of Martin N. Slocum, deceased, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized and directed to eontinue the pension allowed
by private act, approved February 25, 1867, to Mrs.
Josephine Slocum, widow of Martin N. Slocum, late
a second lieutenant in the sixty-fiftli regiment Uni-
ted States colored infantry.^who has remarried, aud
to pay the same to Ireton N. .Slocum and Lueilla J.
Slocum, children of thesaid Martin N. Sloeum, or to
their Sesrally authorized guardian or guardian?, trooi
the 3d day of March, 1867, until they severally attain
the age of sixteen years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
daxiel b. lewis.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 937.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 937) granting a pension to Daniel B. Lewis
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of Dan-
iel B. Lewis, of Nashua, New Hampshire, late
a master machinist and engineer in the mili-
tary service of the United States, and to pay
him a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, to commence from and after the pas-
sage of the act.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report in
that case read. It seems to me it is establish-
ing a new principle.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Van Winkle, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the 15th instant:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of several citizens of New Hampshire,
asking a pension for Daniel B. Lewis,having had tho
same under consideration, report:
The petitioners are citizens of Nashua, Sew Hamp-
shire, and represent that Daniel B. Lewis, of that
place. lost his eyesight by reason of exposure in a
tropical climate while in the military service of the
United States as a master machinist and engineer
upon Fort Jefferson, Dry Tortugas, Florida, in
1863-64. The evidence submitted in this ease satis-
fies the committee that his ease is one worthy of the
favorable consideration of Congress, and they rec-
ommend that he be pensioned as in other eases for
loss  f sight, and report a bill accordingly.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ His blindness was
consequent upon his injuries: but we only give
him half a blind man's pension.
Mr. GRIMES. What I want to know is
whether by this bill"we do not adopt a new prin-
ciple by which we are to extend pensions to
persons in the civil service of the United States
as well as to persons in the military service.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He was "in the mil-
itary service, and was employed on the fortifi-
cations at the Dry Tortugas.
Mr. GRIMES. What does the Senator
mean by "military service?" Was he an
enlisted man?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He enlisted on board
one of the United States ships at some port in
the West Indies, and it being found that he
had the skill of a mechanic they put him to
work on the fortifications at the Dry Tortugas,
and the climate, the arid nature of the soil,
and the great heat affected his sight so that he
was discharged, and subsequently he became
blind. The committee have allowed him one
half of a blind man's pension, fifteen dollars
a mouth instead of thirty.
Mr. GRIMES. If he was in the service of
the Navy of the United States at the time he
lost his sight the committee ought to put that
on record so that those who come after us will
know the theory upon which this pension is
granted. According to the report itself it
would appear that he was in the civil service
of the United States, a master machinist.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. He was in the mili-
tary service at the time.
Mr. GRIMES. The report does not say
that.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It says he was in the
military service.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir : it says he was a
master machinist. Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk again read the report.
Mr. GRIMES. There is not any such offi-
cer known to the military service of the United
States as a master machinist.
Mr. ABBOTT. This man must have been
a member of my regiment, which was sta-
tioned at the Tortugas at that time, and was
detailed, as was a very common thing, to work
on the fortifications, and became blind in con-
sequence of the action of the sun upon the
sands, or the reflection of the sanus in his eyes.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not object to the case
at all ; I think it possible that it is a very mer-
itorious case. What I object to is, that on the
face of the papers it would appear that we are
granting a pension here to a person who was
a mechanic in the service of the United States
assisting in erecting fortifications.
Mr. ABBOTT. He was a regular enlisted
soldier.
Mr. GRIMES. This is not on the record.
That is the objection I have to it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The words may be
stricken out of the report. I know the case
was thoroughly examined. I forgot at the
moment where I got the testimony from, but
it was the personal testimony ot the Senator
from North Carolina.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, aud passed.
mary hoduso>'.
Mr. VAN" WINKLE. I move that tho Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration oi Senate bill
No. 93a
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 938) granting a pension to Mary Hodgson
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Mary
Hodgson, the widow of Thomas Hodgson, late
a private in company F, first regiment Tennes-
see infantry volunteers, and to pay her a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 12th of April, 1863, and to
continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
agnes ellen kleiss.
Mr. VAN WINKLE._ I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 939.
The motion.was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 939) granting a pension to Agnes Ellen
Kleiss was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses "to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Agnes Ellen Kleiss, widow of Daniel
Kleiss, late a sailor in the service of the Uni-
ted States, and to pay her a pension at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
from and after the passage of this act, and to
continue during her widowhood : the pension
to be paid out of the naval pension fund.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
augustus w. pcnchard.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 940.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill {S.
No. 940) granting arrears of pension to Augus-
tus W. Punchard was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by the
bill to allow and pay to Augustus W. Punchard,
late a private in company A, thirteenth regi-
ment Massachusetts volunteers, his pension
from the 23d of June, 1862, the date of bis
discharge, until the 19th of November, 1868,
on which date his present pension commenced.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
benjamin c. stone.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No 941.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 941) granting a pension to Benjamin C.
Stone was read the second time, and consid-
ered asm Committee of the W hole. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name ol Ben-
jamin C. Stone, late a private in company I,
ninth regiment "Vermont infantry volunteers,
and to pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen
dollars per month, to commence on the2ith
of June. I860.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment , ordered to be engrossed for a third
i-eading. read the third time, and passed,
sarah e. haines.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Imovethatthe Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 942.
' The motion was agreed to ; and the bill tS.
No. 942) granting a pension to Sarah E. Haines
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the interior to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Sarah E. Haines, widow of George H. Haines,
late a private in company K, eighteenth regi-
ment Missouri volunteers, aad to pay her a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
