1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
to commence on the 18th of July, 1864, and to
continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALMIRA SCOTT.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 9-13.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 943) granting arrears of pension to Al-
mira Scott was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is
a direction to the Secretary of the Interior to
allow and pay to Almira Scott, mother of
James H. Stevens, late a private in company
A, eighteenth regiment Massachusetts volun-
teers, her pension hom the 2d day of July,
1863, the date of her said son's death, until the
8th day of January, 1869, on which date her
present pension commenced.
The bill wa§ reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROSWHLL W. SILSBEE.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 944.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 944) granting a pension to Roswell W.
Silsbee was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
lo place on the pension-roll, subject, to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Koswell XV. Silsliee, late a special
agent of the provost marshal of the third con-
giessional district of New Hampshire, and to
pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars
per mouth, to commence from and after the
passage of the act.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the report read
in that case.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted by Mr. Van
Winkle on the 15th instant, as follows:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
a uiemoiui) uf Koswell W. Silsbee, having had the
same undir considei ai ion, report:
The memorialist represents that on the 1st of Sep-
tember, l&Oli, lie was appointed by tho board of en-
rollment an extia special officer or agent lor deteet-
im<r and iirre?tiner ueserteis and spies, in the thiid
congressional disiriel of Now Hampshire, in accord-
ance with an aetot Congress authorising tlio same,
On the 28th ot September. 18G3. while acting under
ordeis of Iho pi ovost marshal of -olid district, and in
the line ol his duty ho was violently thrown upon
the plaHoi rn while alighting from the ears lit. Clare-
niont, Newilauipshiio, thus bieaking his thigh and
confining hitn to his bed lor lour months. llo has
ever since suffered from tlio injury and can never
fully rieovei fiom it, his log being considerably
shoitened. The fao's of this ease are supported by
(Ompetent evidence, ami the committee recommend
that his name be placed upon tho pension-roll, and
report a bill accordingly.
Mr. GRIMES. This comes from the Pen-
sion Committee, I suppose?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ Yes, sir. _
Mr. GUI MBS. A railioad accident hap-
pened to I his man.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. A railroad accident
while he was in the line of his duty. This
man was an assistant provost marshal, for
whom the law provides a pension, that of a
second lieutenant. He was sent out by his
commander, who himself testifies that he was
sent out to arrest, some deserters ; and it was
on that expedition that he lost, hi? leg.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not object, if the prin-
ciple lias been recognized.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The principle has
already been well established. There are sev-
eral cases of the same nature that have been
allowed.
Mr. GRIMES. What cases?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do not remember
the cases.
Mr. GRIMES. I remember some cases
where there was an actual conflict between the
officers and persons who were conscripted and
refused to go into the military service, where
some deputy provost marshals were injured.
This is a case, as I understand it from the
reading of the report, where the deputy pro-
vost marshal attempted to get upon or get off
a railroad car, and made a misstep and was
injured.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. That is the case I
mean where a pension has been allowed.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the case here—a
deputy provost marshal.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There have been eases
of railroad accidents or injuries from railroads
while men were in the line of duty actually on
service where pensions have been allowed.
When men were sent by their commanders by
railroad, and have been injured in that way,
pensions have been granted. Such cases have
been comparatively frequent, and the pensions
have been allowed after due consideration by
both Houses of Congress, I believe.
Mr. GRIMES. If that is so I am not aware
of it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It is certainly so.
Mr. GKIMES. I cannot conceive why such
a rule should apply to a deputy provost mar-
shal any more than to any civil officer of the
United States.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Deputy provost mar-
shals have pensions by law. By an act passed
within two or three years deputy provost mar-
shals arc brought within the pension laws.
This man was an assistant deputy provost mar-
shal, so that the committee had no alternative
but to propose to grant the pension, the case
being made out.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amend merit, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EI.IZA SUB WON AND 0TI1URS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 945.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S. No.
945) granting pensions to Eliza Shelton, Nancy
Shelton, Cerena Metcnlf, Nancy King, Patsey J.
Shelton, Sarah Metcalf, CloaShelton, and Mary
Franklin, and their children under tho age of
sixteen years, was read the second time, and
considered as in the Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of Eliza Shelton, widow of
Roderick Shelton ; Nancy Shelton, widow of
David Shelton; Cerena Metcalf, widow of
James Metcalf; Nancy King, widow of Elison
King; Patsey J. Shelton, widow of James
Shelton; Sarah Metcalf, widow of David Met-
calf; Cloa Shelton, widow of William Shelton ;
and Mary franklin, widowof Russell B. Frank-
lin, enlisted privates in the first Tennessee cav-
alry, in the service of the United States, who
weie severally killed by being shot to death
after being captured by confederate forces on
the 19th of January, 1883, and pay to each a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the 19th day of January, 1803, during
widowhood, with such further allowance as is
provided by law for children under sixteen
years of age, if any there are ; and in the event
of the death or remarriage of either of the
widows named the pension granted her is to
be continued to her children under sixteen
years of age by her said husband until they
severally attain that age.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DANIEL HAUSElt.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1749. _
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1749) granting a
pension to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North
Carolina, and a soldier of the war of 1812. It
proposes to require the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Daniel Hauser, now a
citizen of Forsyth county, North Carolina, a
soldier of the war of 1812, who served in the
fifth regiment of North Carolina militia, upon
the pension-roll, and pay him eight dollars per
month from the 1st day of January, 1869, dur-
ing the remainder of his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LYDIA W. FORD.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 949.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 949) granting a pension to Mrs. Lydia W.
Ford was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Mrs. Lydia W. Ford, widow of Jefferson
Ford, late an acting master in the United
States Navy, and to allow and pay her a pen-
sion at the rate of twenty dollars a month, to
commence June 18, 1864, and to continue
during her widowhood, to be paid out of the
naval pension fund.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 003.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 603) grant-
ing pensions to certain soldiers and sailors of
the war of 1812.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The bill was read and
partly proceeded with at the last session. Some
of the committee's amendments were acted on,
but there are some amendments of the com-
mittee not disposed of. The question was pend-
ing on an amendment offered by myself, which
T now withdraw ; and I wish the rest of the
amendments of the committee to be consid-
ered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill had better be
read through.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
West Virginia to give way for a few minutes,
that I may call up a little bill.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I hope this will not
take more than a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Thebillwill
be read through.
The Chief Clerk read the bill at length.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment, will be read.
The Chief Ci.euk. In section two, line five,
the Committee on Pensions report an amend-
ment, to insert the words "or more" after
"dollars;" so as to read:
That this act shall not apply to any person who is
dependent upon o'beis for support in puisua,nce of
any contract for such support based upon a valuable
consideration, nor to any person who is receiving a
pension at the rate of eight dollars or more per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in the same section, line nine, after the word
"rate" to insert "from and after the passage
of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all
after the enacting clause of section four, in the
following words:
That the pension herein allowed shall not be lia-
ble to seizure, levy, attachment, or other process to
satisfy any debt,demand, promise, or other liability,
nor shall any contract, bargain, or agreement in re-
lation thereto be valid or binding upon the pen-
sioner, nor shall the same be paid to anyone having
any claim upon such pensioner or interest in the
fund, but the same shall be paid to the pensioner in
person or to a disinterested agent or attorney thereto,
authorized by a power executed subsequently to the
accruing of the sum to be received: Provided, That
when an agent shall be employed to prepare the
necessaiy prools and make the application he shall
he allowed for his entire service in and about the
prosecution of the claim the sum often dollars, and
no more. And if any person concerned as aforesaid
shall for his services, or as a giatuity, or underany
pretext whatsoever, demand, accept, or retain a
