TPS CONGRESSIONAL GLQBft
January, 12,
has.a limit.fixed bylaw, beyood which it can-
not go, however great the exigencies of the
business of the country may be ; it contains
within itself no pow.er of contraction when not
needed. Jts volume mustthen remain still the
same, seeking investment and profit in specu-
lation and adventure forced by the selfishness
of bankers and capitalists. '.
Again, not being capable of expansion the
unprincipled and adventurous capitalist ca~
calculate exactly how much currency he musl
lock up at the time when it is most needed to
bring about financial crisis and distress, and
thus involv® in ruin the unsuspecting and
honest merchant and dealer, who is made the
victim of unlawful combinations which he can
neither foresee nor control., A deplorable ex-
ample of tljis as a practical fact has taken place
within a few weeks under our eyes, by which
the managers of an insolvent railroad,, in con-
nection with certain banks, w,ho should have
been regulators instead of regraters of the cur-
rency, contrived to sequester some thirty mil-
lions, and thus to bring about a stringency in
the money market, ana a consequent depres-
sion in the public securities of some five per
cent, in a single day, put of which the con-
spirators might realize large profits. This pro-
cess of robbing the community may now be
repeated at pleasure. A system of currency
which permits its guardians, the banks which
issue it, to thus sport with the public credit
and oppress the merchant, depress the public
funds, and unsettle the business of the country,
is clearly defective, and it is the duty of Con-
gress at ouce to provide the remedy for that
defect.
We see, therefore, that onr currency is uni-
form, cheap, and sound enough, but that it lacks
stability from fluctuation and elasticity to ac-
commodate itself to the changes in the demands
of business. Our financial system has another
great and overshadowing defect, controlling
the prosperity and development of the industry
and resources of the country.
When called into use as a representative 0/
capital our money is enormously dear 1 Three
hundred and lifiy-six millions of it, not now
taking into account the fractional currency
issued by the Government, was at once fund-
able into .gold-bearing bonds at six per cent.,
untaxable by State and municipal authorities,
and as is lately claimed—but without warrant
of law—untaxable by the Government itself;
so that whoever uses it in his business must
pay an equivalent of ten or eleven per cent, for
its use. The remainder—say $300,000,000—
is issued to the banks by the Government,
which pays some eighteen millions to them
for the privilege of furnishing and indorsing
it, cannot be obtained by the consumer from
the banks short of nine to ten per cent, inter-
est, reckoning exchange and commissions,
that he who uses it must pay. Out of the great
cities, and away from the sea-board, the average
rate of interest is at least twelve per cent. In
many sections of the southern States, on whose
productions of the great staples, cotton and to-
bacco, as our chief exports to meet the balance
of trade which is against us we must depend,
money cannot be obtained at anyprice upon any
security, and if got at all the average rates are
twenty-four per ccnt. In view of this it will
be seen the rate of interest becomes a matter
of national importance as affecting our com-
mercial relations with the other countries of
the world. Cotton can be produced in Africa
and India by the use of capital costing not
more than four or at'most five per cent, per
annum, while the capital used 111 producing
our cotton_ costs twenty-four per cent.; thus
making a direct discrimination against our pro-
ducer of twenty per cent., which of itself is to
the foreigner a quite sufficient profit on the
business.
The high rate of interest, which raises the
value of all our productions, and the fixed
limit to our currency, which is taken advantage
of to produce financial panics and distress, im-
peratively demands the most prompt and effi-
cient remedy. It can be neither peaied nor
delayed -with safety -or justice to> our people as
individuals, or to the country as a nation.
Impressed, as -we are, with the necessity for
sotne amendment of-our finaneial system to
effect these objects, still we must remember that
every great or sudden change in the finances
of the country has ever been, as it eve-r must be,
th#fruitful parent of panic, depression of busi-
ness, paralysis of industry, and disaster. This
consideration ought to circumscribe our action
within somewhat narrow limits.
The only comprehensive remedy for the infe-
licities of our currency and financial condition
that has been proposed, so far as I know, is that
we should resume specie payments at once or
at some period more or less remote, or, in other
words, that we should return to the currency
existing before the war, with the substitution
only of the national for the State banks, i. e.,
that the Government should conduct its affairs
by the receipt and payment of specie, and that
the banksshould have-in their vaults one fourth
of the amount of their circulation in gold, thus
to be in condition to profess to pay specie for
their bills when demanded, which should,
therefore, be equal to gold. This, if it can be
.done, of course would bring every United States
bond at once to par in gold, as well as all legal
tenders, if the return to specie payment by the
Government did not presuppose the substitu-
tion of gold for them. No one doubts that how-
ever soon or late such a change is effected it
mu3t cause the greatest depreciation of values
in every species of property except debts
held against the Government and individuals.
Every bond and note would be appreciated,
say thirty per cent.; all other property would
be depreciated the same amount as compared
with the present rate of valuation. Such an
unsettling of values the world has never seen
nor any nation endured. It would be equiva-
lent to confiscation by legislative act of one
third of the value of all the property in the
country, excepting only that held by the creditor
class.
The sole alleviation yet suggested is that such
confiscation might be extended over a consid-
erable period of time, say two years and a half,
so that we might meanwhile be preparing our-
selves for it; in other words, the Government
ought to deprive the large majority of the mid-
dling and laboring class of its people of twelve
per cent, annually of their values until one third
of them are absorbed for the benefit of the small
minority, who are owners of capital loaned at
interest.
I will not insult the intelligence of the House
by any argument upon the feasibility or prac-
ticability of these schemes. The better way
to test them is to call attention to one or two
of the methods by which it is proposed to ac-
complish so gigantic an undertaking. One
says, " The way to resume specie payments is
to resume." Suppose the physician should
say to the sick man, "The way not to be sick
is to be well," might not the patient ask his
doctor how am I to get well? So, a few years
ago, one may remember that the way proposed
for the Union armies to get to Richmond was
" On to Richmond;" and I trust I may not
be considered as malicious in calling to mind
that our armies found some difficulties in car-
rying out that suggestion, which resulted in such
disaster that it was to be hoped those who
blindly advocated it would never again dog-
matize upon any subject the difficulties of
which they neither appreciated or understood.
Another proposition, coming from a source
we much respect, in some other of the branches
of political science, is that we pass a law .that
specie payments shall be resumed on the 1st
day of July next, but we are not told how the
law is to be executed if passed. Itwas jocosely
said many years ago that, while an act of Par-
liament was omnipotent yet it Could not make
one's uncle his aunt. I fancy-there would be
an equally insuperable difficulty in compelling
by act of Congress the payment at par of
$700r000,000 of debts due on demand when
there are but $1-00,000,000 capable of being
used for that purpose.
Another learned, able, -and-intelligent gen-
tleman, for whom weal! ontertain the highest
regard, in a speech of great power, supports a
bill embodying a plan for the relief of our
financial difficulties which would be perfect
were it not itnpossible. Stripped of the halo
thrown around it by his logic and learning it
proposes'that the Government and banks shall
return to specie payments by hoarding gold
enough with which to do it. Granted; but how
is the gold to be got? By borrowing simply.
For although the Government may hoard the
gold it receives for its duties on imports, yet
that 'gold is in fact obtained by its merchants
by borrowing 'it with. Government notes at
thirty-five per cent, discount.; Whatever deficit
of -gold to carry out this scheme cannot be
obtained by this process is to be borrowed on
the Government notes for thirty years, sold at
such rate of discount aa foreign bankers may
choose to impose. Now, specie payments, if
they can be maintained, it will be admitted,
will make all our public debt with -its-high
rates of interest equal to par, if not at a pre-
mium in gold. The fault in the plan seems to
be that we are not told how many greenbacks
we must sell at thirty-fiv.e per cent, less on their
face, and how many-bonds we must negotiate
at a like x-ate of discount on thirty years, to
place ourselves in condition to pay both green-
backs and the bonds, which we thus sell at par.
Differential calculus might work out the prob-
lem, but plain arithmetic is entirely inadequate
to the task. Besides, as upon the best authori-
ties there are only about fifteen hundred mil-
lions of specie currency in circulation in all the
nations where our bonds have been or will be
taken as an investment, or, indeed, in the civil--
ized world, if we should succeed in locking up
§350,000,000 of that, or twenty per cent, ot the
whole currency of the world, should we not
make what in technical phrase is known as a
"corner" on the rest of mankind, in compar-
ison with which the late performance in that
line of the Erie railroad and New York bankers
would siuk into merited insignificance?
Again, suppose by this ingenious and novel
process of byrrowing we were to return to a
"state of solvency"—-to use the phrase of
those who insist that our "legal tenders are
depreciated, failed paper," because not paid
on demand—i. e., return to specie payments,
to the state of currency before the war, could
that condition be maintained?
It will be remembered that before the war
the Government received all its dues and paid
ail its expenditures in gold and silver only,
amounting to from sixty to seventy millions
yearly received und paid out, and there were
in the country, as is estimated, some two hun-
dred to two hundred and fifty millions of
specie, exclusive of what was hoarded, although
in 1860 there were but$87,000,000inthebauks.
It cannot have been forgotten that such use
by the Government of specie to do its business
sa,y one dollar of four caused great financial
distress whenever any considerable accumu-
lation of it lingered in the vaults of the Treas-
ury, insomuch that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, on more than one occasion, was implored
by the merchants to set free the gold even by
buying United States bonds at thirty-two per
cent, premium, which was done to avert a
financial crisis. The learned gentleman upon
whose scheme I am commenting, if I under-
stand him, proposes that there shall be intro-
duced into the country for circulation some
three hundred and fifty million dollars,
which we may believe to be a large estimate,
exclusive of the amount, hoarded, which, for
obvious reasons, is and will for a long time be
greater than before the war.
The receipts and expenditures of the Govern-
ment must now be annually say §3-30,000,000,
or a sum quite equal to all the gold assumed
by this plan to be in the country. If before
the war the use by the Government of one
dollar in four, while it left the other three for
banking purposes, unsettled the business of
the country, what ipust be theeffectof the use
by the Government under this plan of every
