80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. of Reps.
President's Message and fiepudiation—Mr. Mwngen. 40th Cong....3d Sess.
whole people, the Constitution itself, will be
involved in the calamity.
Congress, in whose popular branch the peo-
ple's voice is heard and felt, will no longer
determine the land policy of the nation in the
interests of the people; but speculators and
monopolists will flourish on robberies perpe-
trated under cover of treaties privately made,
secretly ratified, and carried into effect by
agencies uncontrolled by the millions whos.e
rights and interests they will sacrifice." I ^ill,
when it will be in order to do so, introduce a
bill to carry these views into effect, as follows :
Beit enacted, &e.. That so much of the treaties be-
tween the United States and the Cherokee nation of
Indians, proclaimed August 11,1866, and June 10,1868,
as profess to authorizeasale ofthelandsdescribedm
theseventeenth article of said first-mentioned treaty,
and all oontraets and grants purporting to be made
thereunder, be and are annulled and declared void;
and said lands shall be and are subject to settlement,
entry, and sale at SI 25 an acre under the laws of the
United States regulating preemptions, which laws are
extended to and made applicable to said lands; and the
proceeds of the sales of said lands shall be from time
to time paid over to said nation of Indians until the
total sum paid thorn shall equal one dollar per acre
for all said lands; and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall refund all moneys paid to the United States
under any sale made by virtue of said treaties.
President's Message and Repudiation.
SPEECH OF HON. W. MUNGJ3N,
of ohio,
In this House op Representatives,
January 27, 1869,
On the President's message and repudiation.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, it is but sel-
dom I trespass upon the time of this House in
the way of speech-making. I do not think
that I am so anxious to "appear in public on
the stage" as several gentlemen within the
sound of my voice. But if I were, mortifica-
tion and vexation would surely overtake me.
If a member of this House who belongs to the
same political party I do wishes to be heard,
either by way of explaining a measure, against
a measure, or in any other manner, the tyranny
of the iuexorable two-thirds xule, forced and
backed by the courtesy and more than Ches-
terfield politeness of the dominant party upon
this floor, will, as a general rule, choke him
down, and he must remain silent.
I had occasion to remark on this floor, more
than a year since, as follows:
" Ever since the close of the war, and forsome time
before, the course of policy adopted by my friends on
the other sido of the House hasclearly indicated that
party success is their paramount object." * *
" *■ "Cabal and caucus settle questions of the
gravest moment and deepest import to the Govern-
ment. By a secrct decree, agreed upon in a party
caucus, and made, not as in former times, in the
happy days of the Republic, any measure may be
brought forward, and, under the lash of the previous
question and the spur of passion and fanaticism, is
passed and becomes a law; no discussion, no amend-
ment being allowed."
The following preamble and resolution of-
fered by the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buoomall,] and the action had
thereupon, will fully demonstrate the truth of
my assertion;
" Whereas the President of the United States, in
his annual message to the Fortieth Congress at its
third session, says; 'It may be assumed that the
holders of our securities have already received upon
their bonds a larger amount than their original in-
vestment, measured by a gold standard. Upon this
statement of facts it would seem but just and equi-
table that the six per cent, interest now paid by the
Government should be applied to the reduction of
the principal in semi-annual installments, which in
sixteen years and eight months would liquidate the
entire national debt. Six [ier cent, in gold would at
present rates be equal to nine per cent, in currency,
and equivalent to the payment of the debt one and
a half tune in a fraction less than seventeen years.
This, in connection with all the other advantages
derived from their investment, would afl'ord to the
public creditors a fair and liberal compensation for
the use of their capital, and with this tney should be
salMied. The lessons of the past admonish the
lender that it is not well to be overanxious in exact-
ing from the borrower rigid compliance with the
letter of the bond:' and whereas such sentiments, if
permitted to go to the world without immediate pro-
test, may be understood to be the sentiments of the
people of the United States and their Representa-
tives in Congress; Therefore,
"Resolved, That all fortas and degrees of repudia-
tion of national indebtedness are odious to the Amer-
ican people. And that under no circumstances will
their Representatives consent to offer the public
creditor, as full compensation, a less amount or
money than that which the Government contracted
to pay him."
This supposed to be very important pre-
amble and resolution may be fortnd in the Daily
Congressional Globe of the 15th of December,
1868. , , •
Here is^ pretty bolus for a political doctor—
no personal disrespect to the gentleman—to
attempt to force down my throat. Does the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania sup-
pose that he has either the authority, the right,
or the power to mix up a set of words in such
a form as to be palatable to him, and then, while
refusing to allow any modification, any quali-
fication, any amendment, any explanation on
the part of gentlemen on this side of the House,
to whom those words are obnoxious, force them
to vote his resolution through or be stigmatized
as repudiators and as not being willing to.pay
the just debts of the Government? Does the
overwhelming majority on the other side of the
House and on the side of the bankers and
bondholders of the Government^ as is shown
by their votes and actions on this floor, sup-
pose that by any preamble or resolution, or by
any attempt to avoid discussion and debate on
the momentous questions touching the finan-
cial condition of this country, they can intimi-
date any one ? I beg leave very respectfully
to inform those gentlemen, if any there be
holding such opinions, that they are mistaken
in their estimate of at least a few over here.
' The self-congratulating chuckle in which
the gentlemen on the bondholding side of the
question involved in the resolution indulged
when they got the matter through on the 14th
day of last December, was evidence, to my
mind at least, that they thought the country
was safe and had been saved alone by words.
Well, no matter ; words have often passed for
patriotism, gravity for wisdom, moneyed specu-
lations at the expense of the Government for
loyalty. Sending all our wives, relations, and
every one else than our sons and brothers, &c.,
to the Army and staying at home ourselves
have drawn columns of applause from a sub-
sidized press.
But what is this resolution, this great pana-
cea, this antidote for all the presidential poison ?
The President told a great many truths and
showed up a great many of the sins of omission
and commission on the part of this extremely
loyal Republican party. Not being able to
avoid the force of the argument he used, nor to
contradict the statements he made, it is per-
haps thought by selecting part of his remarks
relative to the amount of interest which has
already been paid to the shylocks and bankers
and shavers and bondholders to, stigmatize
him and every one who voted against the pre-
amble and resolution in question as repudia-
tors. With a view to make us all repudiators
who would not vote with him we have the
words of the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. B. B. Washbubne,] as follows;
"As I understand, Mr. Speaker, a negative vote on
this question will indorse the extract from the Pres-
ident's message and favor repudiation,"
This was upon the question of agreeing to
the preamble and the first clause of the resolu-
tion.
A few minutes before this the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Bldridge] had demanded
a division, so as to have a separate vote on the
preamble and resolution. The Speaker decided
thus;
" The Chair stated that the previous question would
operate on the preamble and resolution unless some
gentlemen demanded aseparate vote. Itwas notde-
manded. The preamble simply recites an extract
from the President's message."
Now, there are words and deductions in the
preamble which are not to be found in the
President's message, and it so shows on its
face; but we must vote for words interpolated,
or rathef claimed to be 4<a mere recital of the
message," where oursensescontradict the state-
ment and the language contradicts it; and there
is no chance to-have a separate vote, because
some gentleman had not demanded a separate
vote at a moment previous. With the ruling
I find no fault; in one point of vi?.w it is ac-
cording to the rules. But it is very unfor-
tunate, when we do not have the means of
knowing beforehand what the gentleman from
Pennsylvania or Illinois or somewhere else is
going to force upon us, and therefore are not
prepared to call for a division instantaneously—
I say it is hat-d to be told that we cantfot have
a separate vote ; and because we will not in-
dorse all he says we have to be denounced as
repudiators, and the Republican newspapers
abuse us for our votes. The clue was very
cleverly given by the gentleman from Illinois,
and was not contradicted by the Speaker.
With all due respect to the Speaker, I may
be allowed to say, that there was a very im-
portant part of the President's message which
was not recited touching the point at issue,
and immediately preceding the extract quoted
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Broomall,] and which would make the sen-
tence taken all together bear a very different
meaning. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
who penned the preamble and resolution in
question knows very well, or at least ought to
know, that great injustice was done the Presi-
dent by the recital of only a part of the mes-
sage in the preamble. He knows that the
President distinctly, in the same paragraph
from which he quoted, disclaims anything like
repudiation. Here is the first part of the same
paragraph and immediately preceding the ex-
tract. It will be found on page 11 of the mes-
sage as printed and furnished to members of
both branches of Congress :
"Various plans have been proposed for the pay-
ment of the public debt. However they may have
varied as to the time and mode in which it should
be redeemed, there seems to be a general concur-
rence as to the propriety and justness of a reduction
in the present rate of interest. The Secretary of the
Treasury in his report recommends five per cent.;
Congress, in a bill passed prior to adjournment on
the 27th of July last, agreed upon four and four and
a half per cent.; while by many three per cent, has
been held to be an amply sufficient return for the
investment. The general impression as to the exor-
bitancy of the existing rate of interest has led to an
inquiry in the public mind respecting the considera-
tion which the Government has actually received
for its bonds, and the conclusion is becoming preva-
lent that the amount which it obtained was in real
money three or four hundred per cent, less than the
obligations which it issued in return.
" Itcannot be denied thatwe are paying an extrav-
agant percentage for the use of the money borrowed,
which was paper currency, greatly depreciated below
the value of coin. This fact is made apparent when
we consider thatbondholdersreceivefrom the Treas-
ury, upon each dollar they own in Government
securities, six per cent, in gold, which is nearly or
quite equal to nine per cent, in currency ; that the
bonds are then converted into capital for the national
banks, upon which those institutions issue their cir-
cula.tion, bearing six per cent, interest; and that
they are exempt from taxation by the Government
and the States, and thereby enhanced two per cent,
in the hands of the holders. We thus have an aggre-
gate of seventeen per cent, which may be received
upon each dollar by the owners of Government secur-
ities. A System that produces such results is justly
regarded as favoring a few at the expense of the
many, and has led to the further inquiry whether
our bondholders, in view of the large profits whicn
they have eDjoy.ed, would themselves be averse to a
settlement of our indebtedness upon a plan which
would yield them a fair remuneration, and at the
same time be just to the tax-payeis of the nation.
Our national credit should be sacredly observed; but
in making provision for our creditors we should not
forget what is due to the masses of the people."
Then immediately follows the words quoted
in the preamble, " It may bo assumed," &c.
Now, Mr. Speaker, no fair-minded man can
assert that there is anything whatever favoring
repudiation in the paragraph quoted from page
11. The trouble is this with the banking and
bondholding gentlemen, or their friends on
this floor: they did not wish the people to
know that they received seventeen per cent,
per annum on their bonds ; nor did they like
