1869,
qONGBEBBlOKAL QWm
dollar of specie in circulation, leaving noth-
ing for commercial purposes).It we Cave a
currency basedon specie'?'
Time will not permit to nje further examina-
tion of' this and cognate plans for the resump-
tion of specie payments. If a return to specie
values is the only remedy for our financial evils,
then there is but one plan, in my judgment, by
which it can be accomplished: we must wait
and grow to it. By the industry and economy
of our people; by the development of our re-
sources ; "by the enterprise of our business; by
the extension of our commerce: by the produc-
tion of the precious metals; by reducing im-
portations, the only method by which we can
keep specie at home; by retrenchment of the
expenses of government, both State and na-
tional ; by the relinquishment of all hazardous
and doubtful enterprises, we must accumulate
sufficient surplus wealth to bring back the
$600,000,000 of our national bonds held abroad,
to which may be added an equal like amount ot
State and railroad bonds also held there, and
thus stop the annual drain of more than seventy
millions of bullion now sent abroad year by
year to meet interest alone. When this is done
■we may with wisdom return to specie values and
specie payments without serious financial dis-
aster ami commercial ruin. But this time will
come only when gold and silver from theplen
itude of its production will have depreciated
to our values, not we appreciate them to the
present value of gold and silver.
But while we wait the effect of our increase
of wealth in bringing us back to specie values
what shall be done to remedy the financial
evils from which we suffer so much, that even
now a commercial panic isupon us? The ques-
tions still return Ujus, what meanwhile shall
be the currency of the country? what can we
do by legislation to insure its stabdity and
give it elasticity? and how can we reduce the
rate of interest on the public debt and thereby
lessen commercial interest, so that we can
cheapen our productions to compete with those
of other nations of the world ?
Appreciating the magnitude of these topics,
full}7 aware of i he difficulties that bristle around
the adjustment of such questions, with great
diffidence as to the full comprehension ot the
details to be cared for, with entire deference
to the matured opinions of others, and alter
careful thought and full examination of the
subject, 1 have ventured to offer m the bill.I
have submitted to the House several proposi-
tions which I believe if adopted will mitigate
the evils of our present financial system, ana
which 1 humbly hope may have at least merit
enough to evoke di>cussion, so that the wisdom
of Congress may speedily mature some legisla-
tion to meet the wants of the country, and to
assure if not to heighten that degree of prosper-
ity in business which the people have enjoyed
since the passage of the iegal-tenderactot lst>2.
In attempting this I have avoioed everything
which shall give shock to our present finances
or materially change the values of property or
the relation of debtor and creditor, whether
public or private.
Observing that the amount of legal-tender
notes now issued by the Government—say
$350,000,000—are very nearly equal the
amount ot' the taxes and duties to be neces-
sarily collected by the Government for a series
of years to meet our expenditures—at least
the variation is not material for my purpose
—[ propose that, retiring the present legal
tenders without shock to the business of the
country in the manner hereafter to be ex-
nlained. the Government shall issue an amount
equal to its taxes, say $350,000,000, of certifi-
cates of value, ofconvenientdenommations, no
less than one dollar, winch shall be law ul
money and legal tender for all debts, public
and private, which, by the law creating them
are not made payable in com, and shall be re-
ceivable for all taxes, duties, and imposts of
every kind whatsoever, to be reissued at pleas-
ure under the conditions hereafter set torlh or
in payment of the debts of the United btates,
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. '20.
and which shall be received for all public loans
made to the United States
aue ro tne uuiteu.
It will be convenient here, to explain the
changes, suggested in this certificate of value
from the present, legal tender note. I propose
that the paper money of the,Government shall
be a "certificate," with appropriate vignettes,
to prevent counterfeiting, in form like bank
notes, stating its value only upon its face, with
the provisions of law creating it, instead of as
now a note promising to pay a certain sum at
the Treasury of the United'States, which is by
law to be paid only in another like it, so that no
stupid person hereafter, in order to depreciate
the currency and have an opportunity to declare
it " failed paper," shall present it for payment
rn ~C Ctotae avnof'l.-
lb lttUCU pctpci, suau ^-y   
to the Treasurer of the United States expect-
ing it to be redeemed, in. any other manner than
is provided by law and stated upon its face.
in providing for the certificate to be legal
tender I have avoided undertaking, by legis-
lative action here and now, to_ decide the
mooted question whether the principal of a
portion of the public debt is payable in coin ;
not desiring to complicate this, which should be
a measure of instant relief* with the discussions
incident to that very grave legal question which
may hereafter have to be decided either at this
bar or in the courts or in the higher and more
potent tribunal of the judgment of the whole
The mostimportant and only other difference
will be seen to be that this money is to be
received for all taxes, whether collected from
external commerce or internal revenue. It is
difficult to see why the Government ever should
have established two kinds of lawful money m
which to doits own business, and, stranger still,
enact one only for its citizens. _
I assume that the change will at once bring
this lawful money of the United States nearer
to gold—will very considerably diminish, if not
entirely prevent, the operations of the
room aud the nefarious pursuits of the gold
gamblers. Gold and silver will then take
place as commodities to be exchanged abroad
according to their value in weight as merchan-
dise. Indeed, a moment's reflection will con-
vince any man that this has always been the
case when gold is used in kind for the payment
of foreign debts.
One principal argument in favor of a cur-
rency based on specie has been that our cur-
rency ought to be of the same value as the
currency of the world—as the phrase is—in
order that we may he able to pay our foreign
debts in our own coin. But in fact our com
is never used abroad at the value wre have
stamped upon it or for payment of foreign
debts. It is always reduced to the value of so
many ounces of gold of a certain fineness and
exported as bullion, a convenient and safe
form of merchandise against which bills ot
exchange may be drawn, and^ that value flue-
tnates very materially in different countries.
As an example, take Japan, where the stand-
ard of value is silver. In 1857 ou*-consul at
Simoda, Mr. Townsend Harris, informs us
that gold is only as one to three and a halt in
silver, while wiih us it holds by law, as a part
of our specie standard, the rate of about fif-
teen and a half to one; i. e , in Japan three
and a half ounces of silver would purchase an
ounce of gold, while in America it took fifteen
and a half ounces of silver to purchase an
ounce of gold. How, then, can it be said that ;;
gold is the standard of value of the world, r
when in oue country which absorbs large |t
amounts of our specie it stood depreciated m ;i
comparison with silver at_ our standard at ij
nearly eighty per cent., and it is not the stand- ;;
ard of value in either of the great commercial ;
countries save England / ,
The experiment of issuing money paseu on
taxes alone as its redeemable value has been
tried to a small extent at an early day mtuis ,
country. Soon after the Revolution North C-aro- ;
Una, having 110 money, for the convenience of ■
her people issued, say, gooo.ooo in State notes, .
receivable in payment of taxes. Of course, she :
could npt. make them legal tender, Although
her annual'takes were- pidy about two;hun-
dred thousand dollars, these notes at, once
took their place at pnr value, and became,4n
practice, convertible ipto gold, althou^lv D-°
man could demand gold for therm- fhe.y thus
I remained until they were gradually worn out
1 or absorbed, no new issue being- authorized,
and the bills of the State banks tools their plac^.
1 assuraethat. these "certificatesof,value1' its a
circulating medium will at once taketheir place
as nearly equivalent to gold. They will be re-
deemed in the payment of taxes every yesjr- I
do not mean to say that each individual piece
of paper would be redeemed, but an equal
amount. Ttiere is an objection to thejn as com-
pared with the present greenback, and that is
the Government would have to procure gold to
meet its interestand j?ay the difference between
the gold and the certificate.
But let us here reflect a moment that tlve
gold now paid for customs duty is obtained by
the merchant borrowing it upon the Govern-
ment's note at thirty-five per cent, premium,
and it is very clear that the difference between
the proposed certificate of value or greenback
1 and gold would in the future be much less. _ I
j have also endeavored to find a compensation
for this apparent loss to the Government,as
will be hereafter seen.
It may further be objected that making these
certificates receivable for duties insomuch as
they may be below the par of gold would to
that extent reduce the percentage of the tariff.
This, if an evil, would soon cure itself. Any
considerable increase ot importation by calling
lor more currency to pay the duties would
enhance the price of that currency, and there-
foie bring it quite up to gold. Besides, asjhe
act is to go into operation at'a future day, if it
were supposed there would be any appreciable
difference between the valu6 of the certificate
and gold, then importations would be held up
until that time, when the sudden influx would
materially cnhance the value of the currency
to pay duties.
My next proposition is to take froni the
national banks all power to issue notes to c«r-
culate as money, leaving them as they ate now,
' banks of deposit, loans, and discounts, but not
of issue; of course to be relieved from all taxes
on circulation.
It is evident that the $350,000,000 of "cer-
tificates of value" above proposed circulating
as money would not be a sufficient amount
of curiency tor the business purpows of (he
country; therefore I propose to throw open
the present privilege which the batiks have
of obtaining money from the Government to
everv man or association of men who can
furnish precisely the same security^ thut^ the
banks now do for the money so received from
the Government. Or, in other words, that
every owner of a Government bond paying six
* . • , _ • * .   ^..1/ .miKI!/.
ihlic
lug
  - - —
per cent, interest in com may go to any pun
depository ill the United States, and. lodgi u
it there as security, shall receive " certificates
of value," i. e , greenbacks, to the amount ot
ninety per cent, of the par thereof, to be at
his pleasure reconverted imo his bom! at any
time after thirty days, he paying to the Treas-
urer for the motley he receives at the ra'e ot
.0305 interest per annum in coin thereon until
he returns a like amount of certificates 10 ih>*
Treasun, when he shall recehe hack his bond.
Assuming §1,750,000.000 of six per cent, bonds
' to be outstanding, and every one should be pre-
! sented to the Treasury aud currency demanded,
i would give $1,575,000,000, being ninety per
j cent, thereof, as a possible amount of currency
i to be issued.
; The first objection strik'ng the mind is that
' this amount would make the currency by lar
! too ledundaut. Would or conhl the business
! of the country need so much? It can safely
be admitted that so much currency would not
' be needrd and in practice no such sum would
' or could be taken. A large portion of these
' bonds are held abroad and would not return
until more valuable here ilian there. Another
