1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
a general law with special exceptions of partic-
lar classes, or a law to be administered through
the courts or in some other manner which by
describing classes shall emancipate them from
constitutional aed statute disabilities. But
this business of looking up individual cases
here in committee-rooms and bundling up bills
of this sort 1 submit is a business, as 1 said,
which does no honor to Congress, and which
ought to be stopped. 1 hope we shall have no
more bills of this description.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator says that
this is placed upon no principle. I regret that
we have not a more regular way of doing this
business. It has given me more trouble than
1 ever want again in a session of Congress to
examine the cases that came before the com-
mittee, but the committee have attempted to
arrive at a principle upon which they would
base their action. They have endeavored as
best they could without a more regular mode
of application (which the committee propose
to provide by law as soon as practicable) to
ascertain that those whom they propose to re-
lieve are, first, good citizens of good moral
standing in the community where they live;
and in the second place, that they are in favor
of the Constitution and the laws of Congress
and are willing to obey them, and are not
preaching to their neighbors that those laws
are all usurpations and that it is not their duty
to obeythem. We h-ive made that distinction,
and attempted to carry it out during all the
investigations so far as we are able to do. It
was a very difficult matter, so difficult that we
must provide a law whereby there will be more
regularity. I predicate my action upon this
rule to relieve such men as will obey and
respeet the laws and sustain the Government,
and not preach treason or resistance to the
laws of the United States in the community
where they live.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, I beg
to say a word in reply to the honorable Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania. He says that the
names in this bill are the names of men who
have been inserted for a political purpose to
carry out the ends of a political party. Now
in the list under the head of "South Carolina"
there are seventeen names, and it is known to
every man in South Carolina that every one
named is a Democrat. They are men who
call themselves Democrats; but they are good,
law-abiding citizens. Not one of the names
from South Carolina is considered a Repub-
lican at home. The Senator is therefore in
error, so far at least as South Carolina is con-
cerned.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the name of Fos-
ter Blodgett.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator Irom
Pennsylvania to the amendment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The name which I pro-
pose to strike out happens to be one in regard
to which we have some information. The fact
in his case is that he took a federal office in
his Statq^nd attempted to hold it, and he got
into a quarrel with a department of our Gov-
ernment with regard to his loyalty, and he was
suspended from office. The facts are all noto-
rious. Now he is here in this bill to be re-
lieved from his disabilities as a rebel. It seems
to me that it is adequate reason for his name to
be removed from this bill that he attempted to
hold a Federal office in defiance of our laws.
We know that fact. I submit, therefore, that
for good cause his. name should be omitted
<rom this list.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that the Senator
will not insist upon removing the name of
h oster Blodgett. He was a postmaster, as the
Senator says, but was never suspended. There
is no law authorizing the Postmaster General
to suspend anybody, but there ia a law author-
izing the President to do it. The Postmaster
General removed him from office and put in a
young man connected with the Post Office
Department, who has been discharging the
duties of postmaster there ever since. The
Postmaster General informed us here, on oath,
during the impeachment trial, that he did it
on the ground that Mr. Blodgett had been
j indicted before the courts for perjury ; but up
I to this hour they have not pursued that case
j against him. The grand jury found a bill
| against him for peijury, but it has not been
| prosecuted, and they do not propose toprose-
s cute it.
j r Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator from
: Kansas seems to be informed about this case,
I desire to ask him a question. I do notrecol-
! lect about this particular case; but if Poster
j Blodgett took the test-oath and swore that he
; never gave any aid or comfort to the rebellion
| what is the necessity for putting him in this bill?
Mr. STEWART. I will explain. Thetest-
oath says " voluntary aid." Foster Blodgett
lived in Georgia and gave no voluntary aid to
the rebellion, as he contends. The Repub-
lican party have elected him mayor of a city in
that State. He is a very respectable man. He
called at my room and presented these facts to
me, and said that there was a distinction be-
tween the constitutional amendment and the
test-oath. Whatever he did during the rebel-
lion in its aid he was compelled to do, and he
was known to be a Union man and persecuted
during the war. He rendered no voluntary
aid to the rebellion; but the constitutional
amendment disfranchises all who gave aid or
comfort to the enemies of the United States,
and he does not know but that he may be
laboring under disabilities. I told him I did
not think he was, but he said that that con-
struction was being put upon it down there ;
that it was claimed that a person who lived
there and paid taxes to the existing govern-
ment thereby gave aid to the rebellion. He
desired his name to be put in because they were
annoying him on that ground.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not believe one
word of that explanation.
Mr. STEWART. That is the explanation
he gives to me.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The very fact that he
makes such a halting statement as that is
convincing to me that his name ought not
to be in this bill. Gentlemen, perhaps, have
seen the photograph of this man with a con-
federate flag in close contiguity to him early
in the war. Why, sir, his case is perfectly
notorious; and if he is to be white-washed by
this congressional legislation, all that I have
to say is that our legislation will be a greater
farce than I supposed it to be.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Illi-
nois apprehended that I might be more familiar,
perhaps, with this case than I am Being upon
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and having had to investigate the question of
his removal from office, I learned the facts
which came before that committee. The com-
mittee have agreed to recommend that he be
restored to the office of postmaster, not having
been suspended in any legal or ordinary way,
but only removed by the Postmaster General
because he was indicted for perjury, and not
having been prosecuted for that. The affair
not having been pursued at all, we concluded
that there was no case to justify either suspen-
sion or removal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My suggestion went to
this extent, no further: if the facts were as
they were stated here, it did not seem to me
that there was any necessity for removing dis-
abilities.
Mr. POMEROY. The necessity is simply
this : it is held by those who interpret the con-
stitutional amendment that aid and comfort
given to the enemy, whether voluntary or
not, is a disqualification from holding office,
and the test-oath speaks of voluntary aid and
comfort. He thought he could take the iest-
oath, whereas he thinks he may be held to be
disqualified by the constitutional amendment.
1 know of no reason why his name should not
he rrtaiued in the list as well as that of any
other man. I believe myself that his name
ought to be retained, and if his name be stricken
out. we way as well pass over the whole list.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Nevada.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tie ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. WARNER. I will state to the Senate
that the House of Representatives have to-day
passed a bill removing disabilities, which is
now on the table, and I rise for the purpose
of moving that the names included in that bill
be added to this bill by way of amendment.
We shall have to concur in that bill. It may
not be reached. This has to go back to the
House of Representatives, and I think we might
shorten the whole matter by inserting the names
in the bill that passed the House to-day in this
bill as an amendment. I understand that the
names have undergone a very careful scrutiny
in the House, and there is no further informa-
tion to be gained about them here. I there-
fore move that the names included in the
House bill be added to this bill by way of
amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator inform
us whether he has looked at these bills to see
that the same names are not iu some instances
in both bills?
Mr. WARNER. That difficulty occurred
to me; but I do not know that there would be
any harm if that were so.
Mr. CONKLING. There would not be any
harm in it, but I think we ought not to legis-
late in that way.
Mr. POMEROY. I think each of these
bills should be acted upon separately, by itself.
I think we ought to act either by wholesale or
with some degree of prudence. We should
either pass one law removing disabilities from
everybody or have each case passed upon intel-
ligently.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that this bill is
hardly being fairly treated by the Senator from
Pennsylvania and some others. It has been a
very difficult matter to ascertain with regard
to each of these individual eases. It has re-
quired a good deal of examination. It would
doubtless be better if we had some system by
which these applications were to be presented
to Congress. I do not think myself we can
devolve this business on the courts, as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania suggests. The Con-
stitution is that the disabilities are to be re-
moved by atwo-thirds vote of Congress. How
Congress can delegate that, as theSenatorfrom
Pennsylvania supposes, to the courts. I am at
a loss to conceive. I suppose it must be dosie
here.
Now, before any system has been devised,
there are some particular cases which all agree
are such as require speedy action on the part
of Congress. Many of the gentlemen whose
names are inserted in this bill have been elected
to office in the various reconstructed States.
They have the indorsement of the people that
they are prepared to support the Constitution
and laws, and abide by the condition of things
that exists there. They are recommended by
the entire delegations iu Congress and by the
Legislatures of the States. This is the very
best of evidence, better than we could get here
by sending out for witnesses. What better
evidence does the Senator from Pennsylvania
want or the Senate want that a person should
have his constitutional disabilities removed
than that the Legislature of hisStete, composed
of all parties, ask to have them removed ?
What better evidence than that the congres-
sional delegation, representing all parts of the
State, recommend the removal of these disabil-
ities ? Why, sir, this is the very highest char
acter of evidence that ho is a tit and proper
persou to take part in the Government of the
country by casting his vote or by holding office
if he has been elected to office.
Now the Judiciary Committee has not acted
without principle and recklessly to remove
the disabilities of a man because he was a
