1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
same dies and vignettes, counterfeiting has
been greatly facilitated—specially is this true
of the fractional currency of the United States,
which never comes back to the Treasury in any
considerable quantities. But the exchange
herein proposed would at once entirely ex-
tinguish the counterfeits now in circulation and
render all the preparations, plates, and vig-
nettes of the forgers useless and valueless.
It has been assumed that the reason our
securities abroad do not command par is
because we have not resumed specie payments
here. In one sense that may be true ; for if
we resume specie payments, and were capable
of continuing that resumption, our bonds would
command par, because they would at once be
sent home for sale, commanding a higher price
here than abroad. But it seems to me that
the defect of the reasoning which makes our
bonds abroad less than par because our cur-
rency here is at a discount, is that it mistakes
the effect for the cause, whereas the truth is
that our currency is at a discount, because our
bonds are selling at 74 in London to 78 in
Frankfort. The price of the bonds abroad
controls our currency here in its relation to
gold, not our currency here controls the price
of our bonds abroad. The mistake is in sup-
posing that the worth of $2,000,000,000 of
oar interest-bearing debt is controlled by the
price of 55350,000,000 of non-interest-bearing
notes.
That the premium on gold is wholly con-
trolled by the price of our bonds abroad was
conclusively demonstrated at the breaking out
of the war between Prussia and Austria. Our
bonds fell in Europe ten per cent. Mr. McCul-
loch, adopting the theory that the premium on
gold could be kept down by increasing the sup-
ply of gold in the market here, irrespective of
the fall of our bonds in Europe, sold some
thirty millions of gold in the vain endeavor to
prevent a rise in the premium on gold corre-
sponding to the fall of our bonds. He did this
at a loss of some three millions to the Treas-
ury, but in vain. The premium on gold went
up until it carae in exact equilibrium with the
price of our bonds and then stopped, wholly
irrespective of the sales of the Secretary. He
might as well have attempted to raise the water
in the nose of a tea-kettle above that in the
kettle itself, by pouring water into the nose, as
to have sold his gold for the purpose he did.
Again, when the war suddenly ended, and the
price of our bonds wentnp in Europe, the pre-
mium on gold fell here in the precise ratio.
It is frequently asked why are our six per
cent, bonds in Europe at 74 and 78 when the
three per cent, consols of England are at 92?
And the answer usually given by the bullionists
is, because of the doubt as to the credit of the
Government or its intention or ability to pay
the national debt. I respectfully submit that is
not the true answer, it would be more nearly
correct to say because those who invest in our
bonds are afraid they will be paid. If it were
doubt of our ability to pay let me ask why are
our gold certificates, which are only promises
of the Government to pay gold on demand, at
par or a small premium at home as well as
abroad? Why does not the supposed doubt of
the good faith and ability of the Government
affect- them ? Clearly because they are wanted
day by day as a convenient medium for the
transportation of gold, and the supply is not in
excess of the demand. Bearing on this same
topic, will gentlemen tell me why the five-
twenty bonds should be selling at 74" in Lond-on
and at 78 in Frankfort? Is it not for the same
reason that in England their three per cent,
consols are at 92 while our six per cent, bonds
are at 74.
It is an axiom in political economy that sup-
ply and demand always regulate price. Now,
our bonds and the English consols are not
taken by business men for business purposes
or as mediums of exchange, but for investment
by those who desire to put away a surety for
their families, or as trustees of charities or
associations, or in annuity offices. Now-, the
debt of England, although considerably ex-
ceeding ours, has been contracted through a
long series of years, in not very large com-
parative amounts, and has been absorbed for
the purposes of investment gradually until the
supply does not much exceed the demand for
investment. We all know the natural preference
an Englishman would have for the securities
of his own country over a security at a dis-
tance of which he knows but little. We have
seen individuals loan money on mortgage at
five per cent, in our eastern oities for a series
of years, when, by sending their money to the
West they might loan it at ten per cent, on
equally substantial real estate there. This will
explain why the Englishman should prefer his
own securities to ours, even at a higher rate
of interest, as a matter of investment, but it
does not explain why our bonds should be at
Frankfort 78 which are at only 74 in London.
Why does not the Englishman send his bonds
to Frankfort and realize the difference ?
In a period of three years we threw $2,500,-
000,000 of securities, payable at short dates, to
be taken up as investments, upon the markets
of the world, and although undoubtedly they
were largely affected when first issued by the
doubt of our success in putting down the
rebellion, so that they sold for forty to fifty
cents on the dollar, yet after the rebellion was
fully subdued they rose nearly to their present
figure, and have remained quite stationary ever
since. But if I am right, that they are only
wanted in Germany as in England for the pur-
pose of investment, then it will be seen at once
that we have issued for investment a supply of
bonds largely in excess of the demand for that
purpose. And as Germany has no national
securities bearing the same relation to its peo-
ple as the consols to the Englishman, they are
more sought after on the Continent for invest-
ment, and therefore are higher in price, and
our bonds being held in England for investment
only 1 the holders do not care to change their
investments for the sake of the difference in
price. I do not doubt if there were no more
of our bonds to be procured at any price abroad
that those already there would immediately
appreciate to par if not to a premium ; or, in
other words, the supply and demand would
regulate the price.
There is a curious illustration of this in the
fact that a small amount of Massachusetts
gold-bearing five per cent-, bonds was subscribed
for by a single house in London at 95, while the
bonds of the United States, which had not only
the security of Massachusetts, but all the rest of
the United States behind them, at six percent.,
weie selling at 74. The Massachusetts bonds
were all taken for a single investment, and the
supply did not exceed the demand.
'J'here is another element which very largely
affects the price of our bonds, and that is the
option the United States reserves to pay its
bonds within five years. Length of time for an
investment is a large element of value. The
very theory of the British consols is that they
are never to be paid, and nohody dreams that
they ever will be.
The United States has once paid all her
indebtment in gold to the great disgust of the
holders; for at the moment when we paid it at
par it was worth 120 in the market. Those
investing in our securities fear this may hap-
pen again. ;
I assume, therefore, that any adjustment of
our currency for our own convenience will not
materially affect the worth of our bonds abroad.
But if I knew how, consistently with honor and
national faith to our creditors, to prevent every
one of our bonds going abroad, and to bring
all back that have gone, as I view the deplora-
ble fact of the absorption of our exports to
pay $70,000,000 of interest, I would vote at
once for that proposition.
England carries her debt with ease and with
prosperity as a nation, because it is almost
wholly due to her own citizens, and all income
derived from it remains at home, while we, by
sending our debt abroad, are in a degree suf-
fering the evils which have impoverished Ire-
land—absenteeism, or the owners of her lands
withdrawing all their incomes from her to be
spent away. So that if any one objects to the
plan of currency I propose, that it will have
the tendency to keep our bonds at home, or to
bring home those that are abroad, for the pur-
pose of being used as security to be pledged to
the Government for currency, to him 1 answer,
that is exactly what I hope may be done.
Let no man say that I desire to establish or
perpetuate a depreciated currency. I think I
have proposed a currency as valuable as gold
and for all purposes of a circulating medium
better than gold, every dollar of which I doubt
not will soon be made equal to gold; but what
I do desire is that the currency shall not be
redeemable in gold and silver, so that any man,
because he has a dollar of it, can call for so
many grains of gold ivhich must be paid him,
and the currency canceled to that extent, but
with his currency he must buy his gold as be
does his wheat where it can be had in open
market. In other words, the value of the cur-
rency of this country, its volume, its stability,
the values of oil property of the country shall
no longer be. at the mercy of the panics, the
caprice, the speculations, or the needs of the
bankers of Europe or the trailers of Asia.
But I hear the bullionists exclaim, "Onr
money must be the same as the money of the
world." "We cannot have a different stand-
ard of value from other nations." I would
as soon or sooner have our Government,
our laws, our institutions, the same ,as
the institutions of the rest of the world. We
have divested our Government of every trait
of the despotisms, every attribute of the mon-
archies, and every vestige of the slaveries of
the Old World save one, and that is, the aJt-
controlling and all-absorbing power by which
masses of the people of all nations of the earth
have ever been enslaved—coined, money.
More than three thousand years ago the des-
pots of the world, as the most potent method
to enrich themselves and their favorites and
perpetuate their tyranny, hit upon the device
of impressing their " image and superscription"
or other peculiar stamp upon pieces of two of
the metals, not the most intrinsically useful or
the most beautiful, but the most scarce and
difficult of attainment by the masses of the
people, thus arbitrarily making a measure of
value and equivalent for which the property
of their subjects must be exchanged. Because
of their capabilities of being so converted into
equivalents of power the so-called precious
metals were eagerly sought after by all men in
such degree that they came falsely to be deemed
to have a special intrinsic value in themselves
equal to the effigy of value stamped upon them.
In the earliest republics, when Governments
were established by the people for themselves,
the worth and potency of these metals were
antagonized as attributes of despotism. They
stamped value upon the more common and
equally useful metals generally distributed
among the people, to be used by them as in-
struments ot exchange and trade.
Thus in early Greece the effigy of the ox, the
most valuable of the people's possessions, was
impressed upon pieces of brass or iron, intrin-
sically of little value, but thus made the equiva-
lent of comparatively considerable wealth.
So Rome, for more than five centuries used
the effigy of the sheep, pecus, impressed upon
copper for currency, thereby giving the name
peeunia, by which money and wealth were
afterward designated throughout the world. It
is now admitted by all political economists that
finely engraved printing upon paper, fixing it^.
value, is the best of all possible substitutes for
coined money for circulation, and cheaper as
a currency for a people than gold itself. It
may therefore be safely assumed that had the
arts and education been sufficiently advanced
in the Grecian and Roman republics, the money
of the people would have been such paper
instead of the ponderous and inconvenient
metals.
