1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
one ease as in the other to organize themselves
into a company. This opposition to the bill
under existing circumstances, when it is an
almost clean transcript of a charter granted six
or seven monthsago, throws discredit upon me.
It is an opposition based upon the idea that I
am endeavoring (o pass a bill here which is in
its terms outrageous, such as Congress ought
not to pass, containing inordinate and enor-
mous powers such as Congress ought not to
confer upon any set of men in the shape of a
company; and therefore it is that I feel this
thing.
If this were a new project, if Congress had
never done the like before, then there might be
some force in this opposition. But, sir, when it
did that very same thing less than seven months
ago I confess that I do not comprehend this
opposition to this measure. What harm is to
come to any State fiom the establishment of
the agencies of the company in it? What
harm is to come to anybody from the organi-
zation of such a company here ? If any Sena-
tor can point it out to me then I am perfectly
willing to admit it whenever it is shown to me.
But when I come here and present a bill simply
in the terms of another that was passed seven
months ago, and no Senator ean point out any
harm that is to come to anybody from it, it
does seem to me that the opposition to it is
unreasonable and ought not to be entertained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for a division.
Mr. POMEHOY. 1 hope the Senator will
not insist, 011 a division.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir ; I do.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course there is no
quorum present, and the Senator knows it very
well.
The question being put, there were 011 a
division—ayes 15, noes 2 ; 110 quorum voting.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 10, 18(39.
The House met at twelve o'clock 111. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtojj.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LBAVJ'J OF AUSHNOK.
Leave of absence till Thursday next was
granted to Mr Piiuvn.
FOIlHNiN OOM.MHIiCl W, KKLATIOXS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
hoiore the House a communication from the
Secretary oi State, transmitting a report 011 the
commercial relations of the United States for
the year ending September 30, 1808 ; which
was ordered to lie printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that five thousand
extia copies of that report be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion <toes to the
Committee on Printing under the law.
congltjsssiqnal kecokd.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. 11. No 1985) to provide for publishing
" The Congressional Recordwhich was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 Printing.
OSWEGO MIDLAND RAILROAD.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution (H. R. No.
459) authorizing the Secretary of War to allow
to the New York and Oswego Midland Rail-
road Company a right of way across a portion
of the public ground at Port Ontario, Oswego,
New York, for railroad purposes. I wish to
put it on its passage, and I ask five minutes for
explanation.
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose I ought to call
for the regular order, but this is a New York
matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the right to
object.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I send to the Chair a
letter of the chief engineer, which I ask to have
read. ,
The Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters Corps of Engineers,
Washington, 1). C., February 11,18C9.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that the Sec-
rotary of War has approved my recommendation
that a right of way be allowed to the New York and
Oswego Midland Railroad Company through the
public land at Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York, and
that it is desirable now that a resolution be passed
by Congress giving thcSecretary discretionary power
to eoneede such a right to the company, upon such
terms as ho may think the defenses at that point
require and make proper.
The right "to have and to use'* should not be con-
ceded, as such a right may materially injure the de-
fense of the fort.
Upon the passage of such an act or resolution as is
here contemplated, tho necessary measures to carry
it into execution can atonce be commenced.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brigadier Genentl Engineers Commanding.
Hon. John C. Churchill, m. (1,
House of ltei>resenla.tive$, Washington, J). C.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, the mil-
itary reservation at Oswego consists of seventy
acres of ground, which were given to the Gen-
eral Government by the State of New York.
'The greater part of this reservation is unin-
closed. Across one corner of this uninclosed
space the New York and Oswego Midland Rail-
road Company, in whose stock my district is
interested to the extent of about two million dol-
lars, and whose road—a very important one—
extends from the city of Oswego to the city of
New York, asks a right of way. The General
Government does not wish to part with the
title to this ground, as its possession may, in
time of war, bo essential-to the proper defense
of tho fort. But its use by this railroad com-
pany, to the extent asked for by them, and
upon such terms as the public interests and the
defense of the foit may require, is recommended
by the United States engineer in charge at Os-
wego and by the chief of engineers here, and
their recommendation has been approved by
the Secretary of War. To authorize such use
I havo introduced this joint, resolution, and I
now ask the unanimous consent of the House
that it may be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of War to allow to the New York
and Oswego Midland Railroad Company the
right of way through the public lands at Fort
Ontario, Oswego, 111 the State of New York,
for railroad purposes, upon such terms and
conditions as he may think the defenses at that
place may require, and make reservation to
the United States of the right to remove the
rails, ties, and other parts of said road when-
ever the Secretary of War shall direct, without
any claim or right of damages 011 the part of
said company.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the latter
part of the resolution ought to be so amended
as to provide that in case the United States
find it necessary to remove this road as an
obstruction the removal shall be at the expense
of the company.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I have no objection to
that modification.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move, then, to insert the
words ''at the expense of the company.''
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution .was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I demand
the regular order of business.
removal of disabilities.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday, being the bill (H. II. No. 18S0) to
relieve certain persons therein named from the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes, re-
ported from the Committee 011 Reconstruction
with an amendment in the nature of a substi-
tute, and upon which the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. 1 move to amend the substi-
tute by inserting in liue sixty-four, after the
word ''county," the name of Patrick Mc-
Cracken, of Eredericksburg. I shall ask the
House to sustain the previous question, and
if the previous question shall be sustained I
will yield the floor as liberally as I can to
those who desire to speak on this bill, hoping,
however, that gentlemen will not ask the floor
unless they feel themselves irresistibly im-
pelled to do so, because the important public
business is so pressing on the House that I feel
obliged to bring the measure to a vote as soon
as possible.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to know if this is
the McCrackea who has been so efficient abroad
in destroying ministers and representatives of
the United States Government? 1 hope the
gentleman will answer that question satisfac-
torily to the House.
Mr. PAINE. I yield now to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] lor a ques-
tion.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to have an
answer to my question.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to yield
to me to offer an amendment to add the name
of Isaiah Dill, esq., of Huntsville, Alabama.
Mr. Dill was born and reared in Pennsylva-
nia; he went to Iluntsville, Alabama, and in a
lew years after taking up his residence there
was appointed register of the chancery court,
and continued to hold that position for about
twenty-live years. He took no part 111 the
rebellion, as 1 have been informed, other than
that he continued to hold the office of register of
the chancery court during the rebellion, which,
of course, under the provisions of article four-
teen of the constitutional amendment, prevents
lnm from continuing to hold this or any other
office; hence the necessity of having the dis-
ability removed. 1 hold in my hand, Mr.
Speaker, a recommendation indorsed by Gen-
eral Meade, asking that his disability may be
removed. I am not personally acquainted
with Isaiah Dill, esq., but am acquainted with
his brother, llev. Henry G. Dill, who was a
resident in my congressional district and one
of the most active Onion men of my State dur-
ing the rebellion. In a letter 1 received trom
him he asks that the disability of his brother
may be removed. With such indorsements,
Mr. Speaker, 1 feel that it would be our duty
to grant the request. The only objection
urged by the committee is that they want fur-
ther time to consider the subject, and as they
have a number of names before them for re-
moval of disabilities which may be reported
in another bill, I trust the gentlemen having
charge of this bill will not refuse to allow the
amendment to be offered, as I see no good
reason why there should be delay when a
proper case is presented.
Mr. PAINE. I must decline to yield for
that purpose. As I said at the outset, I can-
not consent that any motion shall be made to
insert names in the bill. 1 am willing that
motions may be made to strike out names.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man whether it is the purpose of the Commit-
tee 011 Reconstruction during this session to
introduce any more legislation of this charac-
ter ?
Mr. PAINE. It was the intention of the
committee to do so; but whether they will do
| so ornol will depend considerably 011 the action
1 of the House 011 this bill. We have many
