THE OON.GBESSlOttAIr. GLOBS
January 12,
Not until the people of these free Common-
wealths became deteriorated by vices and lux-
ury, yielding their liberties to tyrants either by
choice or usurpation, did gold and silver, the
ever-ready adjuncts of despotic power in all its
forms and degrees, obtain place and scope to
do their appropriate and never-faiiing work,
the enslavement of the labor of the masses. It
will be remembered when the victorious Gaul
threiv his sheathed sword into the scale as the
counterpoise of Rome's degradation the beam
was not balanced by her money, but by the
ornaments and trinkets of the richer of her
citizens, for she had neither gold nor silver coins
for more than a century.
Twelve centuries afterward, when the feudal
system dividing Europe, just then emerging
from the dark ages, into many small princi-
palities and powers had given petty princes,
dukes, barons, and bishops control of the lib-
erties of the impoverished people, each claimed
as his prerogative the right to fix his value to
pieces of gold and silver, and the same to
change and debase at his will, by which his
serfs must measure their possessions and pay
tribute to him of all they had. Coined gold
and silver has ever been the handmaid of des-
potism ; ihe prop of monarchical power; the
supporter ot tlirones ; the upholder of nobil-
ities and priesthoods; the engine by which the
privileges and pretensions of aristocrats have
always been sustained in trampling down the
rights, devouring the substance, and absorbing
the unrequited labors of the masses. Through
all time the possession of money has given
power to the few to enslave the labor of the
many for the benefit of princes and nobles,
and its use has been the badge of servitude of
all peoples to some king or tyrant. To deny
this at one time was treason.
When the chief priests would fain have taken
bold of the words of our Lord ''that so they
might deliver him unto the power and author-
ity of the governor," they asked, "Is it lawful
for us to give tribute unto Csesar, or no V But
he perceived their craftiness and said, why
tempt ye me ? Show me a penny. Whose
image and superscription hath it? They an-
swered, Csesar's. And he said unto them,
render, therefore, unto Cajsar the things that
are Omar's, and unto God the things that
are God's, And they marvelled at his an-
swer."
Our patriot fathers, founding a Government
for themselves on this continent, carefully
eliminated from its framework every attribute
of monarchy and aristocracy, the divine right
of kings, patents of nobility, the succession of
primogeniture, the law of entail, the fealty of
one man to another—every of the devices of
kingcraft and oppression with which the peo-
ple are governed by a class—all, save one:
they retained, whether for good or evil, the
precious metals stamped with the king's image
as the standard by which to measure the prop-
erty and industry of the new Republic. " It
was a grievous fault," and grievously have
their children answered it. Great, wise, aud
good men. we marvel that they foresaw so
much, "but they saw not all things."
It is easy to understand what determined
them in this exceptional adoption of gold and
silver, which were the monarchical standards
' of value. They had just emerged from a war
for liberty, during which they had seen their
paper substitute for that standard rendered
quite valueless and useless because made con-
vertible and redeemable in gold and silver
only, where gold and silver were impossible to
be had.
But the Continental currency wanted every-
thing which could give it value; issued by an
aggregation, or conglomeration rather, of
States just struggling for existence, trying an
experiment of government in a new" world
which many of their best people more than
doubted would be a failure and end in anarchy,
without checks and guards against overissues,
coarsely engraved, easy of forgery, degraded
by counterfeits by their enemies so that it was
difficult to distinguish the genuine from the
false, the only wonder is that such a currency
was ever capable of the good service it did do
in the war of independence.
An infant country without commerce or arti-
cle of export, save almost only that which was
drawn from the sea, without manufactures,
with every necessary, not to say luxury, of life
to buy from abroad, save what came from the
soil, the founders of the Republic might well
have been tempted to bring themselves into
connection with the great family of nations by
adopting as their money the precious metals
by which all the commercial intercourse of the
nations of the earth was then carried on, and
to bear with such endurance as they might the
loss, disaster, and ruin which the adoption of
such standard of value at once entailed upon
the country, for it is worthy of observation that
its hardship was so great as to produce a seri-
ous rebellion and outbreak against the law in
what was then as now the most cultivated, intel-
ligent, and law-abiding portion of the country.
That the evils attending the inauguration
of their monetary system did not cause our
lathers to change their financial policy, with its
probable consequences, is not a subject of sur-
prise; for they had in almost present contem-
plation the action of revolutionary Prance in
issuing the assignats and mandats as a substi-
tute for gold and silver—a currency which
almost at once became valueless, although
nominally based upon what is reckoned among
men the most desirable of possessions, the
lands of the nation.
The failure of the French experiment of the*
issue of a substitute for money not converti-
ble into gold and silver has ever since been
faithfully held up by every one who affirms
that it is the law of necessity that gold and
silver only can be money as an example and
warning against attempting to violate that law
and as conclusive evidence of the impossibility
of so doing without the inevitable depreciation
and ruin of the finances of any people, how-
ever stable, rich, powerful, united, productive,
and prosperous, who should venture to have a
currency of their own. Nor is it strange that
such was the impression that the French finan-
cial system made upon the founders of our
Republic.
.Contemporaries can never weigh and de-
termine, with such precision as thuse who come
after them may do, the causes and effects of
governmental action. They might not then
see as we now see that there were two causes
which made the assignats and mandats of the
French revolution inevitably valueless. Both
these forms of security were the evidence to
the holder of a right to buy or locate upon a
portion of the confiscated lands of the nobles
aud priests of France, called by the revolu-
tionary Government the national domain.
Now, the value of land to him who claims
the ownership is composed of two essential
elements: productiveness and title. Without
title the productive value of land is of little
worth to the claimant, and the assurance of
title was exactly what the assignai did not make
to the holder.
Beside, looking back npon that time as we
do, it is difficult to see why the French paper
money was not then as valuable as any other
human possession in France, whether gold,
silver, land, limb, or life ; neither was worth an
hour's purchase. The legislator of to-day was
the criminal of to-morrow, the judge of to-day
was the culprit of to-morrow ; the knife of the
guillotine, like the rain of Iicaven, fell alike
on the just and the unjust, lie who at one
moment held the assignat claiming title to the
confiscated estates, at the next had his own
estate confiscated with the assignats which he
held.
Candidly and justly considered, can it be said
that a fair argument ought to be drawn to main-
tain -that all substitutes for gold and silver as
money must be worthless because the paper
iBouey of Francewas valaeless when and where
nothing was valuable 1
EveiPy student of the history, of our country
will remember that while at the organization
of the Government the standard of value by
law was gold and silver, yet in fuct the cur-
rency of the United States was even at that
period engraved paper, presumed to be, but
not convertible at the will of the holder into
coin ; for one of the acts of the First Congress
was to establish a Bank of the United States,
to issue what was inconvertible currency,
which, as the act reads, "will be productive
of considerable advantages to trade and in-
dustry in general." The stock was to be paid
for one fourth in gold and three fourths in the
public debt of the United States, thus making
at that early day the public debt a basis of
three fourths, at least, of the currency of the
United States.
Another provision which will claim our atten-
tion is that the notes were to be receivable in
all payments to the United States, thus giving
its bills one value that legal tenders now have.
Another provision of the bank charter de-
serving attention was, that while it might issue
§10,000,000 of circulation it was to go into
operation when §400,000, or four per cent,
only in gold and silver of its capital, had been
paid in, thus establishing the principle that its
notes, all which circulated as money, were
never to be in fact convertible into gold and
silver. But for its operations the United States
were not to be liable save to the extent of one
fifth of the stock to which it might become a
subscriber.
Notwithstanding the prohibition of the Con-
stitution, that no State should emit bills of
credit, the necessities of the people for money
to develop the resources of the country was so
controlling that every State established banks
to issue bills which should circulate as money,
the basis of which was nominally one fourth
in specie.
In the light in which we now view this estab-
lishment of State banks they would seem clearly
within the inhibition of the Constitution, be-
cause it is only a patent evasion to allow the
States to establish bodies corporate, in which
they were sometimes part owners, to do that
which the Constitution prohibited the States
themselves from doing. Thus the creature
might and did do what was prohibited to the
creator. Nor is it surprising that this State
legislation, when examined by the courts, was
held within the Constitution, because the com-
mon convenience and necessity of the whole
people always have, as they always will, set
aside the writteu provisions of constitutional
law. '' Salus populi suprema est lex " has ever
been, as it ever should be, the interpreter and
complement of the Constitution.
The United States Bank failing to be reciiar-
tered in 1811, the country remained without
any uniform currency, although gold aud sil-
ver were standards of value, until 1817, when
another Bank of the United States went into
operation, with a much enlarged capital, for a
period of twenty years, and then wound up its
affairs, a renewal of its charter having failed
by the veto of President Jackson.
It will not be useful further to advert to the
history of the financial legislation of the coun-
try save to call attention to the independent
Treasury act of July 4, 1810, among the pro-
visions of which it was enacted that all debts
due to or from the United States were u> bo
paid and collected in gold and silver, so that
the currency in which the Government trans-
acted its business was truly specie. This prac-
tice, as is well known, obtained until the war
of the rebellion and the legal-tender act of
February 25, 1862. But during all this time
the currency of the people was paper issued
by the banks, secured by various legislative
devices. -The actual security for the imme-
diate redemption of this paper was nominally
one fourth gold and silver coin, supposed to
be in^ the banks, but in fact about one sixth,
and its only other worth the actual value of
the notes and bills of their customers, dis-
counted by the banks on longer or shorter
