1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
time, or what is technically ■ known as the
"bank portfolio."
As all these bank notes circulated as money
purporting to be redeemable in specie on
demand, as well as the deposits, which much
exceeded the circulation, and as the banks held
in fact so small a percentage in coin, it is obvious
that these promises could not be so redeemed,
so that whenever the exigencies of the business
of the country or of the world called for any
large sum the banks either refused to pay specie
or by contracting their circulation so dimin-
ished. the money of the country as to bring
themselves within a limit atwhich their circu-
lation, being a necessity to the people, would
not come in for redemption.
It will be readily seen that the fluctuations
in the amount and value of the currency
caused by the banks being obliged to contract
to meet every considerable demand in specie
were destructive to all stability in business
enterprises, if not to commercial integrity
itself, since once in every ten years, and a
large part of the time much oftener, the banks
were obliged to refuse to redeem their notes in
specie, and from the necessity of the case were
supported in so doing by legal enactment. No
mei can tile sagacity in business, no forethought
or prudence in investment, no integrity of pur-
pose, and ho solidity of capital in the merchant
or conductor of business enterprises, public or
private, under sueh a financial system of pre-
tended convertibility could or did prevent
commercial lailures and ruin. Every few
years panics ensued, and whole classes of
solvent, prudent, enterprising men were in-
volved in ruin from causes which it was impos-
sible for them to foresee or control.
The whole property of the country, the
scanty provisions for the widow and orphan,
the stocks in otherwise prosperous enterprises,
the shares of public works carried on to de-
velop the industry and wealth of the country,
each and all alike, at uncertain and irregular
periods, fluctuated in price quite one half.
If this condition of things had been depend-
ent upon the habits of our people, upon the
productiveness or non-productiveness of our
industries, the profitableness or unprofitable-
ness of our commerce or business enterprises,
or upon the current enactment of our Legisla-
tures, either State or national, one or all, per-
haps some remedy might have been found or
method of alleviation proposed. But none of
these had any effect to hasten or retard these
fluctuations of commercial values. The fault
was inherent, in our financial system, which
was, and while based on money convertible
into specie must continue to be, but an exag-
gerated offshoot of the financial systems of
Europe, subject to the changes, the needs, the
wars, famines, and distresses of other coun-
tries. It was in no sense an American system,
nor in any of its parts adapted to the institu-
tions of a free, enterprising, and independent
people. Many and various were the expedients
resorted to by the General Government to rem-
edy this chronic vacillation of money to the de-
struction of the business interests of the coun-
try. But all in vain.
In the endeavor to do this the United States,
as we have seru, at first chartered a bank, be-
came a subscriber to its stock, and received
and paid out its bills as money for a period of
twenty years. Still the erratic but inevitable
periods of commercial distress came round.
Again it refused to have anything to do with a
bank, and left money to the natural laws of
trade for five years, from 1811 to 1817. Still
financial disaster came and went in turn like
the vibrations of the pendulum, but wanting
their regularit_v. In 181(5 the Government again
tried the experiment of making an unfluctuating
convertible currency, by chartering a bank of
more than three times the capital of the "old
one as a regulator of the currency. Still the
oscillation went on more pronounced and ruin-
ous than ever. The years of 1827-28 will ever
be memorable in the history of the country for
the wholesale destruction of fortunes and com-
mercial values. The bank charter expired in
1836 by its own limitation, and the Govern-
ment again divorced itself from all connection
with the finances of the country, to leave a sup-
posed convertible paper to do its own work
uncontrolled save by its own, laws, but the
financial distresses and convulsions of 1837
caused-all previous ones for the time to be for-
gotten.
In the endeavor to find some relief by legis-
lation political parties were broken up, and
the election of 1840 turned upon the distresses
in business of the country alone, but change
of administration brought no relief. The Gov-
ernment established its own affairs firmly on'
a specie basis in 1840, holding aloof from
any interference with the finances of the coun-
try, hoping to give them stability by the regu-
larity and steadiness of its receipts and pay-
ments in coin, although sometimes issuing
Treasury notes like exchequer bills, or buying
in its own bonds in order to deplete its depos-
itories of gold as a measure of relief to com-
merce and business. Still the periodical visit-
ations of commercial disaster and ruin con-
tinued, and the distress and revulsions of 1847
and 1857 quite paralleled those of 1827 and
1837 as periods of financial disaster.
It will not. be useful further to trace the com-
mercial history of the country, but with the
experience of seventy years of such fluctua-
tions of value, of commercial ruin and dis-
tress, from which the country cannot be shielded
either by the sagacity of its financiers and
merchants, the wisdom of its legislators, or
the industry and enterprise of its citizens, let
me pause here and ask, the country being now,
partially at least, emancipated from a financial
system producing such results, is it desirable
voluntarily to return to it? Specially, ought
we to force ruin and distress upon the majority
of the people in order so to do?
It is needless for me to add that amid all
these convulsions and revulsions of the busi-
ness of the country and its currency and the
destruction of its values, the losses fell at last,
as they ever must fall, upon thelaboring masses.
Bread riots were not unfrequent; productivein-
industry was paralyzed; the work shops and
mills were closed, leaving labor unemployed
and unpaid; its value thus lost never is re-
gained by a rise in prices or a return to pros-
perity; for it is the peculiarity of labor, says
an eminent economist, " that it is the only com-
mmodity that perishes at the instant of produc-
tion, and if not then put to use is lost forever."
Such are the results experience, during the
lifetime of the Government, shows have always
followed the attempt to conduct the business
of the country upon specie payments, or, in
other words, with a circulating medium sup-
posed to be always convertible, but which never
can be converted into gold and silver.
Let us now examine and see if we may kno w
why, with our currency upon a supposed basis
of convertibility, experience has shown that it
is apparently beyond human power to regulate
or control, or sustain the business or finances
of the country. Is it not, because in adopting
the specie measure of value and instrument of
exchange we have bound our business and
finances band and foot to the monarchs and
bankers of Europe ? We have adopted their
standard of value, which they control at their
will, for their purposes and for their prosperity
and not for ours. Whenever from caprice or
malignity or panic or war or attempt to unset
tie or restore the balance of power among the
Governments of Europe they have seen fit to
lower or raise their price for gold, then our
currency based thereon, but expanded as four
to one, "feels the shock in quadruple propor-
tion. Nay, more, having silver and gold both
as standards of value whenever the caprice
of some Indian prince or Chinese merchant
chooses to call for silver in payment of the
commodities we or any other nation import
from the East and thereby raises it to a pre-
mium in comparison with gold, then our gold
and silver go out, not at the value fixed by us
as coin, but at the value at which they are
taken, simply as bullion.
Gold is still further depressed in value in
comparison with silver, which is the sole stand-
ard of the principal commercial -countries of
Europe, save England ; it is thus drawn very
rapidly to Europe to fill the vacuum caused by
the enormous exportation of silver to China,
Japan, and India. The extent of this drain
upon the silver of Europe and the necessary
rise in price as compared with gold, and the
consequent necessary flow of gold from those
countries where it has a fixed value as com-
pared with silver, like England and this coun-
try, where gold is the standard of value, may be
seen from data derived from the books of the
Oriental Steam Navigation Company, through
whose agency alone the sum of $60,594,925
was transported to Asia from England solely
in 1856 ; and increased in the following year to
$83,976,160; to this add the sum of $10,753,-
445 from the rest of Europe, we have $100,-
729,605 as a startling efflux in silver only, from
Europe to the East in a single year, or more
than double the annual yield of all the silver
mines that supply Europe and America. s
To this must be added quite one tenth of
that amount in gold, say $10,000,000. Its
will be observed that half of this amount-
of silver must be taken each year from the
circulation of Europe, say $50,000,000, and
its place supplied with gold; and both these
exports of specie to the East are independent
of that shipped directly from America, and
are greater than the entire average product of
the mines of California. The most careless
consideration of this fact will conclusively
show the reason why the Bank of England in
the years 1856-57 was unable to restrain the
efflux of gold from that kingdom, although she
altered her rate of discount eight times during
the year 1856, and nine times in 1867, quad-
rupling it in amount and ending in final bank-
ruptcy and suspension in November of that year.
1 have taken this period for comparison as it
was before our war of rebellion and the cotton
dearth, which so much affected the finances of
England. This great drain still goes on. Is
it wise, therefore, by legislative enactment to
force a return to a currency by which all out-
values are to be measured, our productions ex-
changed and transported, our wealth to be dis-
tributed, and our industries to be governed, the
very basis of which is controlled and fluctuated
not only by the interests and commerce of
the Christian and civilized world, but by the
trade and needs of the half civilized and bar-
barous nations of the East.
Instead of this money, the instrument of ty-
rants, which has wrought all these evils, I pro-
pose a paper currency admittedly the cheapest
and most convenient, its value based not only
upon the gold in the country but upon every
other source and element of the national pros-
perity, emancipated from the control of all
other nations, whether civilized or barbarous.
It is the currency for a free people, strong
enough to maintain every other of their insti-
tutions against the woild, whose Governments
they have antagonized; strong enough to sus-
tain the measure of their business transactions
with each other independentof kings, the least,
or bankers, now the most potent sovereigns in
the world. It is one of the blessings of the
war that we are enabled for the first time to
stand alone in our industries and internal com-
merce as we have in our institutions.
It cannot fail to have attracted attention that
the only remedy for all evils brought on by a
currency convertible into specie when distress
is upon the merchant, ruin upon the manufac-
i turer, and disaster upon the banker, when the
! banks of the United States, of England, and
i of France could afford no aid, has always been
i a suspension of specie payments. %■ e.., by the
use in these the foremost nations of the world
of an inconvertible paper curreucy. If such
currency is so potent as a remedy for ali finan-
cial diseases which beset a nation, whether in
peace or war, whether arising from over-trad-
ing, over-speculation, or over-investment, why
may it not be equally beneficial as a fixed, per- *
mancnt, and stable circulating medium to sup-
