1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Commonwealth's attorney from the Louisville
district, and James W. Schooling, Common-
wealth's attorney from the Lebanon [Mr.
Knott's] district. These gentlemen are all
Democrats, avowed Democrats, and occupy
such positions that the question can be fairly
presented in these cases. I would have been
■very glad to have added others, but could not.
The other two names were added, that of Mr.
Huey, on the recommendation of General
Baum, of Illinois, and Colonel Hawkins, of
Tennessee, Republican members of this House,
and that of Mr. Harris, because he was under
a mere technical disability, if any, and was
a plain, unassuming gentleman, who holds a
litlle office requiring him to take the oath of
18G2. The first three really present the issue.
I repeat what I said yesterday, that nine tenths
of the names in the bill are Republicans. There
are a few Democrats from Virginia and else-
where included, enough to test the sense and
feelings of the House, and to deprive the bill
of a strictly partisan east. Having said this
much I will refer to the Kentucky cases sev-
erally, reading only so much of the evidence
as will illustrate its character, reserving the
right to send other portions of it to the Clerk's
desk, or to priutit in the Globe, to corroborate
what I say.
First, as to Mr. Huey. He states that while
he was a confederate soldier he waged war
only against armed men, and not only pro-
tected loyal citizens and unfortunate prisoners,
but captured and hung lawless guerrillas. I
read the following from his petition in support
of his claim:
I will mention that several Jfoiloral ofliecrs who
knew my active efforts to protect property and loyal
citizens dunns the war place mo noarlyupon a foot-
nig with t lie United States soldier. In western Ten-
nessee one Howell Edmondswas loader of a baud of
jobbers claiming to be confederate soldiers. Ed-
monds himself had killed twenty-seven men, nearly
all of whom were Union men. Citizens and some
Federal soldiers were captured, made prisoners, and
killed by said Edmonds. I am proud to say that 1
captured and had shot Edmonds and his sans, all of
which is known to Colonel Hawkins. Please hurry
at onco our Congress to give mo relief, and greatly
favor,
Your friond and obedient servant.
J. K. HUEY.
Colonel Hawkins, ol'Temicssee,in his written
statement on file, sustains Mr. lluey's state-
ment, and General Kaum testifies to his good
character and urges his relief, basing the request
ou a knowledge of his reputation for twenty
years. 1 do not .see how he can be refused.
Mr. Harris's case is fully explained by the in-
dorsementof Mr. William Brown, my opponent
for a seat in this Congress, than whom no man
stands higher as a gentleman and a man of in-
tegrity and honor. He says:
NlOIIOL tSVILLE, Kv„ December It, X86S.
I certify that Mr. i). (). fla,rris iswell known to me
as an honorable, upright man and a good citizen.
In lBGJ. wln-n the rebel army had possession of Ver-
sailles, it, became neco-'sary to have a provost marshal
to protect the citizens ironist he thieving propensities
of the soldiers. Mr. Harris acted in that capacity
for the i rotection_of tho piopertvin the place, and
I know that ho did so at the solicitation of Union
men. This was the only act of Ins in behalf of the
lebellion. He took no oath to it and accopted no
commission. I think his request can be complied
with without any detriment to the common good,
and that he is worthy of that act of kindness at tho
hands of Congress.
WILLIAM BROWN.
It is useless to say more ill his behalf.
Next, as to the case of Colonel D. Howard
Smith, against whom the attack seems to be
made with the greatest virulence. His petition
sets forth in a frank, manly way the position
he held in the confederate army; that he had
always acted as became a gentleman and a
soldier; that he had since the war faithfully
and strictly observed ail the lawsofthe country,
auu pledges himself to support the Constitution
and laws in good faith. A large number of the
leading Republican gentlemen, many of them
well known to members on this floor, unite in
requesting the removal of his disabilities, as
shown by the following attached to his petition.
We, the undersigned, have no doubt about the truth
of the statements made by D. Howard Smith, that
he will strictly adliere to tho Constitution and laws
of the United States; and we most heartily recom-
mend that the Congress of the United States remove
the disabilities under which he is placed by theiour-
teenth amendment of the Constitution.
A. G. HODGES,
Publisher and principal proprietor
of the Frankfort Commonwealth.
SAMUEL R. SMITH,
Principal editor of Frankfort Commonwealth.
JOHN MASON BROWN,
Late colonel of volunteers United States Army.
D. W. L1NDSEY,
Late colonel of volunteers United Sfate$ Army.
GEORGE W.MONROE,
Late, colonel United States Aryny.
JAMES G. HATCIIITT,
Late surf/eon United States volunteers,
and noio nortmaxter, Frankfort, Kentucky.
QUIN MORTON,
Late lieutenant colonel twenty-third
Missouri volunteers United States Army.
M. MUNDY,
Late colonel twenty-third Kentucky infantry.
JOHN K. GOODLOE.
G. C. WHARTON.
JAMES SPEED.
J. F. SPEED.
PHILIP BPKED.
JOHN E. NEWMAN.
ALLAN A. BUliTON.
Among these names will be observed tliose
of James Speed, ex-Attorney General of the
United States 5 Allan A. Burton, formerly
United States minister to Central America 5
Colonel John Mason Brown, Colonel Lindscy,
Colonel Mundy, and other distinguished offi-
cers in the Federal Army 5 and he is still fur-
ther recommended by urgent letters to the
committee or to Republican members of this
House or the Senate by Colonel Hodges, Col-
onel Charles S. Hanson, General Burbrid^e,
General JolmM. Harlan, General .rohnW. Fin-
noil, General Green Clay Smith, Colonel Pen-
nybaker, and by thepetitionof General Ilolson,
and others ; all of which I hold in my hand.
Many of these officers were in the Union Army
in the West, and thrown in direct antagonism
with Colonel Smith during the whole war. His
whole course of conduct was thoroughly known
and carefully watched by them. They, above
all others, know that he is a lit man to be re-
stored to all his rights and privileges, and there-
fore unite thus cordially in his application. I
will not incumber the record by the publica-
tion of all the letters and papers referred to,
but refer to those of Colonel Hodges and Gen-
eral Finnell, and the petition of General Hol-
son, etc., as fair specimens of the others :
Mr. Chairman and (ientkmen of the Committee:
[ nm and have been continuously a citizen of the
city of Frankfort. Kentucky, now the scat ot gov-
ernment of that State, since the first of April, 18-6.
During tho whole of that time, with the exception
ot ashortinterval of eighteen months or twoycars, I
have been the printer, publisher, and associate editor
of a political newspaper. During the lifetime of
that distinguished statesman, tho Hon. llcnry Clay, I
was ever his warm political and pcrbonnl fiiend. 1
voted lor him every time ho was a candidate tor the
Presidency. After his death, and when Mr. Lincoln,
Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Breckiuridgo were nominated
for the Presidency, Mr. Lincoln was my first choicc
lor that position, notwithstanding I voted for Bell
and Kverott, because I believed it was tho only way
in which Kentucky could be carried against Mr.
Breckinridge,and believing also thattheeontestwas
between Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Breckinridge.
Alter Mr. Lincoln was elected I gave his adminis-
tration ii. linn and decided support, both by 1113' per-
sonal influence and turough the columns of my paper.
At the Baltimore convention which nominated Mr.
Lincoln for a second term, I had the honor ot lepre-
senting the old Ashland district as one of its dele-
gates. I voted for and supported that great and
good man fur a bccond term, and as you know he was
triumphantly elected. And such was my veneration
lor his character—alter having been most brutally
murdered—I lelt my home to follow his remains to
their last renting place in tho vicinity of Springfield,
\n the State of Illinois.
I was a delegate to the convention from Kentucky
at Chicago, which nominatedGeneralGrant and Mr.
Colfax, and I supported those gentlemen ior the
positions to which I hope to be spared to see them
elevated, with all the zeal of which I was capable,
by my personal influence and through the columns
of mv paper—the Frankfort Commonweal!h.
In Kentucky I am recognized as a Republican of
the strictest, straightest sect. I have never feared
to declare my principles, eilherin private or through
the columns of my paper, and yet no person in the
State has ever molested me lor so doing.
I have felt it to be due to this committee to soy
what I hbvve done of my antecedents that they may
know who I am, and give such weight as they may
deem proper to the recommendation I have signed
to relieve a worthy and estimable man from the dis-
abilities under which he labors, for having commit-
ted one'of the greatest errors ofhis life—that of hav-
ing taken up arms against his country.
I signed the petition of D. Howard Smith, along
with other known Republicans of Kentucky, with
great pleasure, to the Congress of the Umted States,
to have his disabilities removed for the following
reasons:
1. I have known him from him earliest manhood,
andsuch has been bischaraoter thatthereis no taint
upon it, except that which he acknowledges in his
petition.
2. For long years he and myself labored, hide by
side, in the old Whig cause in Kentucky.
3. At the close of the rebellion, and after his sur-
render to the Federal authorities, he had been a
peaceable and quiet citizen, recommending by pre-
cept and example to all with whom he was asso-
ciated in the service of the southern confederacy a
cheerful acquiescencc to the laws of the United
States. 1
4. To the servants whom he formerly owned, be-
fore the adoption of the thirteenth constitutional
amendment, he has been exceedingly kind, often aid-
ing them with both clothing and money, as far as his
limited ability enabled him to do so.
5. He was elected to the ollice of auditor of State
in August, 1857, and has been discharging the duties
of that important position with great acceptance,
showing no partiality as between Republicans or
Democrats.
6. If this committee and the Congress of the United
States retuse to relieve hi 111 from his disabilities, and
he be compelled to give up the ollice he now holds,
then the appointment ofhis successordevolves upon
the Governor of Kentucky to fill his vacancy. In my
humble judgment his excellency can make no se-
lection fiom his party that will bo as acceptable to
the great mass of the Republican party as Colonel
Smith is. 1
These,with many otherreasonswhich Imightenu-
morate, induce me to recommend the removal of the
disabilities of Colonel D. Howard Smith.
A. G. HODGES.
Covington, Kentucky, January 22,18G9.
Dear Sir: I have just learned that D. Howard
Smith, esq., the present auditor of Kentucky, has
gone to AV ashington, intending to apply to be relieved
irom disabilities under fourteenth. amendment.
I write now, unsolicited, to ask your kind offices in
Colonel Smith's behalf. 1 have known him Irom
childhood. 1 never knew a more just, upright, and
conscientious man. It is true he was a confederate
officer, and in this we all think he was misguided;
but ho was a soldier and played a soldiers part. At
Lebanon, m this State, on the occasion of the defeat
and surrender of Colonel Hanson, Smith, at the peril
ofhis liic and like a true man as he was and is, threw
himself between our captured soldiers and the inlu-
riatud enemy and saved them from massacre. Alter
the war ended he returned to Kentucky and quietly
resumed his profession, counseling all and always
submission to authority and obedience to the laws.
As an oIBcer of the State ho has won golden opinions
from men of al 1 parties, llis eonduet has conquered
all resentment in the hearts even of the most violent.
J.f you can, consistently with your own sense of
duty, do anything to promote his wishes, I pray you
do so. 1 know you will never have cause to regret it.
1 am, very sincerely, your friend and obedient
servant.
JNO. W. FINNELL.
Hon. Schuylkr Colfax, Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives* Washington.
Bowling Green, Kentucky, January 19,18G9.
To the Congress of the United States:
The undersigned. Union men and supporters of
General Grant's election, beg leave rcpoctlully to
represent that 111 view of many persons asking to
berelieved of disabilities by virtue of thefonrteenth
amendment to the United States Constitution, the
adoption of some mild but firm and beneficent rule
is the wisest and best. That rule, wc think, is sulli-
cienfly rigid that requires an applicant to petition
the Congress tor relict, submit^ to and does not defy
its power, and acknowledges the binding obligation
of the amendment.
We learn that 1>. Howard Smith, auditor of Ken-
tuoKv, has made application for relief from his dis-
abilities. 11c is conceded to Ub an excellent officer,
and there would be nothing gained by dispossessing
him and giving possession to another person tho
same politically.
Now, if Mr. D. Howard Smith's petition puts him
within the rule enunciated above, wc see no obja -
tion to his relief, and respectfully suggest that it be
granted.
It. RODES,
JOHN E. YOUNGLOVR
JOSKPH I. YOUNGLOVE;
F. GORIN,
THOMAS C. CALVERT,
W.*K. HOBSON,
WILLIAM BROWN.
Bowmng Grefn, Kentucky, January 20,18G9.
The foregoing petition is signed bv original and
unfaltering Union men, as well as " Grant men." I
fully concur m the object of tho petition, and am
heartily desirous that Colonel D. II. Smith should
be relieved.
WILLIAM V. LOVING.
In the face of all this array and to oppose
it what do we find? Nothing, absolutely noth-
ing. No man from Kentucky has opened his
