1869.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&7
40xii Cong....3d Sess.
Finance—Mr. IngersoU.
Ho. of Reps.
just as our bondholders and wealthy classes
are clamoring for the resumption of specie
payments at this time. They insisted that
specie payments could be resumed within six
months after the termination of the war; and
so great was this pressure that the Government
yielded, and fixed the month of July, 1816, as
the time when specie payments should be re-
sumed. The premium on gold very soon rose
to forty per cent., and it became apparent that
specie resumption could not take place at the
time named. At the same time the Bank of
England began to contract its circulation.
As to what was the effect upon the English
people and English industry let the eminent
historian Alison answer. I read from his his-
tory of Europe:
" These evils arose from the confirmed ascendency
in the Parliament of a class which had gained and
was gaining immensely by the general suffering with
which it was surrounded. It was hard to say whether
the manufacturing aristocracy engaged in the export
trade gained most by the general redaction in the
price of commodities, and, as a necessary  onse-,
quence, in the wages of labor, or the moneyed from
the commercial catastrophies whieh brought inter-
est up to an usurious rate and enabled them to accu-
mulate colossal fortunes in a few years. Every-
thing turned to the profit of capital and the depres-
sion of industry; and so strongly were the interests
magnified by these changes intrenched in the Legis-
lature that the cause of humanity seemed hopeless.
Every effort of industry, every triumph of art, every
increase of population tended only to augment the
general distress, because it enhanced the dispropor-
tion between the decreasing circulation and increas-
ing numbers and transactions of mankind; and pro-
phetic wisdom, resting on the past and musing on
the future, could anticipate nothing but a decline
and fall precisely similar to that of ancientRoine for
modern Europe."
Let the people of the United States remem-
ber this and see to it when -the next election'
shall come that they do not send to the Con-
gress of the United States, as the British peo-
ple did to their Parliament, a class of men
who are interested in the maintenance of mo-
nopolies or in the resumption of specie pay-
ments, for if they do they may expect the
same disasters as a consequence resulting from
the legislation of such men as followed from
the legislation of the same class who were in
the British Parliament in 1816.
In 1805 -wheat in the British markets was
eighty-five shillings sterling per quarter. In
1820, in consequence of the fatal endeavor to
restore specie payments, it fell to fifty-five shil-
lings sterling per quarter.
Such was the universal distress in England
resulting from a contraction of the currency
and the effort to resume specie payments. Peti-
tions were sent to Parliament, setting forth
these distresses, from all parts of the realm,
but they were simply referred to committees,
and were fo iowed by no alleviating measures.
What else could the people of England have
expected while the aristocratic bullionists and
bondholders were their legislators? At last,
however, the Government broughtin a bill to
postpone the resumption of specie payment
for two years, until July, 1818. This was to
some extent a relief. The consequence was
that industry revived, and the people telt that
their burdens were becoming lighter. lhe
bankruptcies in 1816 were more than two thou-
sand. In 1817 trade and commerce, feeling
the beneficial influence^ of the postponement
of specie payments, quickened, and the bank-
ruptcies fell off fifty per cent. This was be-
cause contraction had ceased and specie pay-
ments had been postponed. It again became
apparent that specie payment could not be re-
sumed in 1818, and a bill subsequently passed
Parliament extending the time to July, 1819.
There was, however, a constant struggle going
forward between capital on the one hand and
labor on the other; capital for resumption ot
specie payment, and labor against it. Capital
at last triumphed, and in 1819 Mr. Peel brought
forward a bill providing for a partial resump-
tion in 1820 and for a total resumption in 1821.
I will now let Mr. Alison state what the effect
of such legislation was. He says:
" The industry of thenation wasspecdily consoalod,
as a flowingstream is bytheseverity.of an Arctic win-
ter. But notwithstanding the law for the complete
resumption of specie payment in 1821, specie pay-
ments were not fully resumed until 1824."
Did prosperous times follow resumption of
specie payment in England? No,sir; universal
distress followed; the industrial energies of the
people were struck as with paralysis, and there
followed a reduction in the price of every kind
of produce, whether of agriculture or manufac-
tures.
Such, sir, is but a faint picture of the dis-
tresses and sufferings imposed upon the British
people in consequence of a forced resumption
of specie payments, and in my judgment a like
result would follow in this country from simi-
lar legislation. It is said that'' like causes pro-
duce like effects." Then, how can it be rea-
sonable to expect that the policy and legislation
adopted and pursued in Great Britain, which re-
sulted in such universal distress, could prove
otherwise than disastrous in our own country?
We can be no more exempt than other people
from the evil effects of unwise legislation.
Now, sir, if the Representatives in Congress
are willing to study and promote the interests
of the people they will vote down any attempt
to force specie payments in this country at the
present time and in the present condition of
affairs. We have prospered, individually and
collectively, during the past five years, and we
have made more progress and greater develop-
ment than in any preceding ten years. Some say
that the war has produced this prosperity, this
wonderful activity in every branch of trade.
Sir, I deny that the war was the cause af that
prosperity. War is a devastator, a destroyer,
a spoiler. The w-a.r took from the industrial
pursuits a million of men who would have
been producers instead of consumers and de-
stroyers of wealth.
What did give us this universal prosperity,
which I acknowledge and maintain has been
the condition of the people for the last five
years ? Not so great for the last two years as
it was from 1863 to 1867, I admit. This pros-
perity was in spite of the war, notwithstand-
ing the war. It was because Congress was
compelled to authorize the issue altogether of
$450,000,000 of legal-tender notes, which were
put into circulation and which infused new
life into all the industrial powers of this coun-
try such as it never before felt. The $450,-
000,000 of,legal-tender notes gave^ us plenty
of money; hence our great prosperity and our
wonderful progress. Money is power; money
is the mostpotentialinstrumentforthe creation
of wealth ever invented by the genius of man.
That greatest of American philosophers, Ben-
jamin Franklin, not only well understood the
uses of money, but its power in the production
of wealth and in its efficiency in the promotion
of the prosperity and happiness of the people.
In 1729 he issued a pamphlet on the nature and
necessity of a paper currency. It was intended
to induce the Legislature of the colony of Penn-
sylvania to authorize the issuing of paper cur-
rency for the relief of the people of that colony.
His plan was opposed by those who had money
to loan because they did not want the rate of
money interest to be cheapened. I never knew
a money loanerwho thought or would acknowl-
edge that the rate of interest on money was too-
high. The pamphlet had the desired effect ;
for soon after its publication the Legislature of
that colony authorized the issuing upon the
creditofthe colony of $400,000 in papermoney,
which was to be loaned to the people of that
colony on real estate security for a term of six-
teen years, and the amount to be loaned to any
one person was limited to s^oOO. The $400,000
authorized to be issued was issued and loaned
to the poor and new settlers of that colony^
which enabled them to carry on their settle-
ments, to improve their farms, and to enhance
the production of their lands. This measure
resulted in stimulating the energies of the peo-
ple, and laid the foundation of the present
! prosperity of that great and growing State.
And, sir, our condition wouldhavebeen much
better to-day if we had had during the last two
years the same abundance of money that we had
from 1863 to 1866. During the period of the
war, while a million of our men were in the
Army, those at home, stimulated by the abuud-
ance of money, built railroads, extended com-
merce, opened trade between our country and
Japan and China. Congress also subsidized a
line of mail steamers to stimulate trade and
commerce with the oriental world. _ We sur-
veyed and commenced the construction of the
Pacific railroads, -which within the course of the
next eight months will be completed—an incon-
testable evidence of what genius, energy, and
plenty of money can accomplish; truly, a
wonderful triumph of a sound paper currency.
But'this is not all. Since the commencement
of the war we have built eight thousand miles
of railroad, costing the enormous sum of $250,-
000,000. But if the country had been on a specie
basis do you suppose we should have the Pacific
railroad to-day almost completed? Should we
have built this eight thousand miles of railrbad ?
Should we have subsidized this line of steamers
that now plies between San Francisco, Shang-
hai, and Yokohama? No, sir; we should
have been traveling the narrow and hard-pan
road of specie payments, doing business with
a gimlet instead of an auger, and with con-
stant danger of panic, financial ruin, and gen-
eral distress, as was the case in the earlier days
of the Republic.
My colleagues whom I see here remember
well the trials that we have gone through on the
specie basis in Illinois. They remember how
we have suffered from low prices, which always
go hand in hand with a scarcity of money and
when money is at a high rate of interest. Why,
sir, before the war, in the year 1857, when we
had the State free-banking system, as it was
called, based upon a deposit of State bonds,
the notes of those banks passed current among
us because we had nothing better ; but when
we traveled east of the Alleghany mountains
we could not pass those notes at all except in
a shaving broker's shop at fifty, sixty, or sev-
enty cents on the dollar. In 1857-58 if you
went into a bank in the city of Peoria for the
purpose of buying a bill of exchange ^with
which to settle an account in New York,
you were obliged to pay about ten per cent,
premium for the draft.
Those were specie-paying times, as they were
called, and that continued till those State
banks, following" the suspension of the Ohio
Trust Company, closed their doors, inflicting
a loss of $6,000,000 upon the people of our
State alone. Those were the specie-paying
times to which certain gentlemen would again
invite us. I am not going with them. The
people will not go with them. "A burnt child
dreads the fire." Give us the legal-tender
notes bearing the impress of the Government
of the United States and which are indorsed
by the whole people of the whole country.
They are the best money we have ever had,
and they pass current in all parts of the entire
country.
I repeat, sir, that notwithstanding the im-
mense drain of the war, we did, during that
period, make material progress, such as never
was witnessed before. Labor during that period
was well remunerated. I insist that the con-
traction policy inaugurated by the Secretary ot
the Treasury has had a damaging effect upon the
prosperity and business interests of the coun-
try; and had it been pursued till this hour
I doubt not but that general distrust and uni-
versal bankruptcy would have been the conse-
quences. But Congress wisely put a stop to
that policy. On thefirstdayof the first session,
after that policy had been inaugurated, I had
the honor to introduce in this House a bill to
repeal that provision of law which authorized
the Secretary of the Treasury to contract the
currency which he was burning at the rate
of $4,000,000 a month. Is there here any
