312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
. RECONSTRUCTION BXPISN'SES.
The SPEAKER also laid befrxe the House
a comtmmieaiioii from ihe Secretary of War,
transmitting a:i extract from the report of ihe
Paymaster (ieneral of the Army, relative to
transferring certain funds appropriated for re-
construction purposes from certain districts
having large balances to those having noire ;
which was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
Wlixmi II'. KTCIIARDS05J.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the petition of William II. Hich-
ardsoti,. adjutant, general of Virginia, for re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
ARSENAL GtlOUNDS, ST. LOUIS.
The SPEAKEIl also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a communication from the chief
of ordnance, relative to the sale of the arsenal
grounds at St. Louis ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
NAVAL ACADEMY GROUNDS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication Irom iheSecretaryoftheNavy,
transmitting a copy of a communication from
Vice Admiral Porter, Superintendent of the
Naval Academy, relative to ihe necessity lor the
purchase of additional grounds for that institu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
1'AYiIHNTS, ETC., lil" WAR DEP\RTMHNT.
'1 he SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a list of pay-
ments made and balances certified under the
act of March 30, 1868; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
ILLEGAL PELS OF CONSOLS, ETC.
TheSPEAKEft also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
House resolution of the 5 h instant, relative to
consular officers of the United States demand
itvg or receiving greater fees than aro allowed
by law : which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
COMMEItCB W'tTII CANADA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
additional report of Hon. Israel T. Hatch, of
New York, special agent of the Treasury De-
partment, upon Uncommercial relations of the
United States with Canada; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, audordered to
be printed.
CLAIMS OF S, AMD II SAYLES.
Phe SPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the .Secretary of War, transmitting the report
of a, hoard organized by the War Department
for the investigation of the claims of S. & H.
Sayles, of Killingly, Connecticut, for loss
i-ustained by them in the rejection of certain
kerseys furnished under contract; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
SAC AND J'OX INDIAN?, KANSAS.
[ he SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before ttie House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
letter irom ihe Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
submitting estimate of appropriation required
to huiill treaty stipulations with Sac and Fox
I ndians, Kansas; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
CKOW INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting a letter from the Commissioner of Indian
AflUirs, submitting estimate of appropriation
for pay of agent for Crow Indians ; which was
referred to the- Corcirtiitfee- o  Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER ako, by unanimous con-
sent,, laid before the House a communication
from the >eofetary of the Interior, transmitting
a letter from the Commissioner ot' Indian
Affairs, submitting estimate of appropriation
required to fulfill treaty stipulations with the
Crow Indians ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
KENTUCKY UNIVERSITY.
Mr. BECK asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the Committee of Claims the papers
of the Kentucky University, at Lexington,
Kentucky, for the purpose of filing them with
the Senate.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks indefinite
leave of absence for the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. BitOOKS,] on account of the death
of a relative; and the gentleman has requested
the Chair to state that his absence yesterday
was on this account.
Leave was granted.
Mr. KBLSEY obtained leave of absence for
four days.
PRINTING OF AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Congressional Printer, in response to a
resolution of the House asking the cause of
the delay in the printing of the Agricultural
Report for 1887 ; which was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. As this communication
is brief, and as many members may desire to
explain to their constituents the cause of the
delay in pointing this report, the Clerk will, if
there be 110 objection, read the communica-
tion.
There being no objection the Clerk read as
follows:
Office of Congressional Printer,
Washington, January 12,1869.
Sir: I have the honor to acknnw^-dge the receipt
of a iesoluti«>n adopted by the House of Represent-
atives on the 9th instant, directing theCongressional
Printer to mfot m the H >u>e the cause ot' dMay in
Uirnisliing for distribution the "Agricultural Report
ot 1867."
In answer, I respectfully submit the following :
On the 30< h of June hint the House ordered the
printing of two hundred thousand cop«es of tho re-
port. which, iiddud to the number ordered by the
Senate, makes tho whole number two hundred and
twenty-four thousand five hundred copies.
A portion of the copy was furnished this office on
the 1-it, day ot September, which was completed on
tho 12th ot Ociober. Taeoffice was then without ad-
ditional copy until the 23d of November. Had the
copy been inrnUhud immediately after the order to
punt was given in June kvt, tho report would have
b^en printed and bound bctmo th.s time
It is but just to thn Commissioner of Agriculture
to say that he has given, in a note to the report it-
se.f, the following reason why copy was not sooner
furnished :
4,Ir is my intention hereafter to secure greater
-promptness in the publication of the report, a re-
lorm beyond my power to mi'iatein the issue of this
volume, for which no preparation was made upon
ray accession to the oilice, owing to the death of the
former Commissioner,"
When it is known that it requires the enormous
amouut of two hundred and twenty-five tons of
printing papor to completo it, some idea may be
formed of the pressure upon this establishment, es-
pecially when it is to be done at a time when all the
annual documents are to be printed aud bound.
Notwithstanding these fact-, however, I hope to be
able to commence the delivery of the report on the
25th of the present month, and to contiuue to do so
at the rate of about two thousand per day until ail
are delivered.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
JOHN 1). DEFREES,
Gongreasioaal i'riiiter.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax. Sneaker House of Repre-
sentatives, Washington, D. G.
committee ox ordnance.
Mr. SCHENCK. There has been prior to
this session a joint committee on ordnance,
composed of Senators and Representatives. It
is thought that the construction of the rule of
the Senate requires the adoption of a concur-
rent resolution to revive the committee for this
session. A resolution adopted by the Senate
for this purpose has been on the Speaker's
table for some time ; and as there are two or
three important subjects requiring the early
attention of this committee I hope the House
will conseny'that the resolution of the Senate
may be taken from the table and concurred in.
The'SIjfiAKER. if there be no objection,
the CfoiLf will lay before the House ihe con-
currenHresolution, which has been on the table
since tne 14th of December la*t.
There being no objection, the Clerk read as
follows:
In Senate of the TJstited States,
December 14. 1868.
Resolved, That the joint Committee on Ordnance
appointed at the first session of the present Congress
anu continued at .the.last session be  and the same U
hereby, continued during the present session.
Ordered, That Mr. iloWARt), Mr. Cameron, and
Mr. Brake be the committee on the part of the
Senate.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the committee
on the part of the House Mi*- Lo&in, Mr. But-
ler of Massachusetts, und Mr. Schenck.
pacific Railroad.
Mr. BOUTWELLj from the Committee on
the Judiciary, submitted the following report.
The Cierk read as follows :
The Committee on the Judiciary, who were directed
by the House March BO. 1867, to investigate ihe mat-
ter of the Union Pacific railway, eastern division, in
response to the memorial of Edward Learned, re-
isjpecrfuJy report that tlie conclusions oi the commit-
tee are emb.aced in the two following resolutions,
which were unanimously adopted by tlie committee
May 21, 1867:
1. ifoat, under the order of the House unon the
memorial of Edward Learned the duty of the com-
mittee will be performed by such an > xamination of
tho tacts in reJereneo to the organization and con-
duct, of the company engaged in tho construction of
the Union Pacific railway, eastern division, as shall
satiny the committee wuether or not ihe United
States has a lien upon said road for the bonds issued
to aid in theconstruction thereof, as provided in the
act ot Congress ot July 2,1864.
2. Tho committee having heard the parties and
examined the various napers submitted, are of opin
ion that the lien of the United States upon said road
is not affocted by any of the alleged irregui antics and
illegal proceedings by the company engaged in the
construction of the same; and this without express-
ing an opmiou whether said proceedings are irtegu-
lar aud illegal or otherwise, the questions ra s^ed by
the parties being questions for the courts, rather
than for the action of Congress.
For the committee:
GEORGE S; BOUTWELL.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
WILLIAM II. BAG LEY.
Mr. BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1673) to relieve William H. Bagiev, of Wake
county, North Carolina; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill provides, two thirds of each House
concurring therein, that all political disabili-
ties imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States shall be removed
from William H. Bagley, of Wake county,
North Carolina.
Mr. BO OX1 WELL demanded the previous
question.
J he previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to bt* en-
grossed and read a third time; and bung
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The bill was then passed, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. BO CJ J?WELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved that- the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislvhvk, etc , appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Commitree on Appropriations, reported a bill
(11. R.^ No. -1672) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1870; which was read a first and second
