1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1265
to mes - About the same time a long pro-
test against relieving these men from Hob,
William C, Goodloe, of Lexington, Ken-
tucky—a statement similar to my own, being
partly in general terms and partly going into
details—was filed with the committee by my-
self. I was ready to appear before the com-
mittee whenever I should understand that these
cases were to be called up, and wasprepared
to present lettera remonstrating, agaiast these
removal# from some, of the. mort distinguished
men in my own State anda muehlarger num-
ber of Union men than my Colleague has
named from the Lexington district. I will
repeat the names, for that is all I propose to
do: Colonel Ben. H. Barton, General John T.
Craxtoa, Colonel S. M. Barnes, Colonel John
G. Eve, Colonel M. C. Taylor, Colonel C. J,
True, Colonel T.W, Campbell) Colonel R. M.
Thomas, Major H. W. Adams, Hon. W. C.
Goodloe, John B. Wilgus, esq., Willhim 0.
Goodlo^, and many others, • ,
From Colonel Benjamin'JEL Bristow, of Ken-
tucky, who was a soldier ia the Union Army
and is now the. United States district attorney
for that Stota, I have a letter which £ ba?e filed
with, the committee. In addition!: to that I have
another letter-from hitn, dated the 5th of the
present month, in which he ases the following
language:
" I am thoroughly satisfied, from my knowledge
of affairs in Kentucky, that no man who to-day holds
office ought to be relieved."
That is from the United States district attor-
ney of the State of Kentucky, a man who was
a soldier in our Army, who knows the course
of these men and how they are conducting
affairs there.
1 have also filed with the Reconstruction
Committee a letter from W. O. Goodloe, chair-
man of the Union Republican committee of
the State of Kentucky, protesting against the
removal of any of these disabilities. I have in
my desk, and can have printed if need be, let-
ters from General John T. Croxton, Major
Hugh W, Adams, and every member of the
Republican central committee of Kentucky,
except pnly Colonel William^ Brown, to whom
my colleague referred as being on that com-
mittee, but who, as is well known, went to the
New York convention from Kentucky for the
purpose of hying to nominate a candidate to
defeat Dlysses S. Grant for President. I have
also letters and statements from Colonel John
G. Eve, who commandeda Kentucky regiment;
Colonel Ward, chairman of the Republican
Union soldiers' committee of the fifth district
of Kentucky, the Louisville district; Colonel
M. C. Taylor, who was acandidate for Congress
against my colleague [Mr. Knott] in 1866, and
is now chairman of the Union soldiers' com-
mittee of that district; and besides these I have
a resolution, passed unanimously at a meeting
of the Union soldiers of the Lexington district,
at Lexington, in wbiqh they declare their oppo-
sition to the granting of any such relief as that
proposed in this bill so long as the system of
barbarism now being practiced continues in that
State.
More than this, there is now before the Re
construction Committee the united protest of
all the members of the Kentucky Legislature
against removing any of these disabilities.
Besides this, t have letters from George M.
Thomas, elector of the ninth Kentucky dis-
trict. And it is known to my colleague that
Hon. James J?. Robinson, ex-Governor of
Kentucky, and the only really Union Governor
of Kentucky that she has ever had since the
war began, refused to sign this petition of D.
Howard Smith, though he eomes from his own
town. 1 have besides .that the letter of Mr.
Wadsworth, my predecessor iu. this House, and
w how as at the head of the Republican electo-
ral ticket in Kentucky for General Grant, a pri-
vate letter, and I give only his statement oa this
point, which I think I am warranted in doing;
''that he has refused to sign a single recom-
mendation in favor of the removal of jpolitiual
disability from any of these men ; if we are
to have relief let it be for all."
40m Cong. 3d SB's.—No. H0.
Here is a letter from, a late Republican can-
didate for Congress, Colonel S. M. Barnes, sad
late candidate for Governor of Kentucky upon
the Republican ticket. When yon come to
Allen A. Beaton, formerly minister of the
United States to a South American State, he
states thai, he signed this recommendation on
the repre^entationiftade to him that other par-
ties had signed it but he afterward foouxi that
such was not the fact. He farther says that
he signed it b$jng assured that the Legislature
of the State of Kentucky was going to do jus-
ties to two hundred and fifty thousand men—
those now not allowed to testify. Only a day or
two since he declared that he erred, And would
object to the removal of disability from any
man until that was done. After this, and after
my request to be heard before the committee,
either orally or in writing, this matte? was
given to a sub committee, and I had no oppor-
tunity to objeet, and did not even .know that
anything was to be done, the chairman of the
committee-having said that he did aefc believe
any Jtenfcncky eases would be acted on; and I
heard no more until these names were brought
out in this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have nothing against
these men personally. What I said in regard
to D. Howard Smith, and all that I said, is
that he belonged to John Morgan's band, that
burned for fifteen miles on one road the houses
in my district in 1862. He belonged to Mor-
gan's band, which entered my own town and
robbed the bank there of $90,000. I do not
know what part he took individually. That
he did belong to this band no man in this
House will deny. My colleague [Mr. Beck]
will not deny it.
As to the men who signed this petition, I
restate they are lawyers mainly, and connected
in business officially with them, and that out-
side of them these men could not get a corpo-
ral's guard to sign for them.
I only state these facts to put myself upon
the record. I have no personal feeling in the
matter either way. I have nothing to do with
tie names of other parties in this bill who
come from the States which have been recon-
structed; but until my own State is recon-
structed in accordance with the spirit of the
-age in which we live and with the spirit of jus-
tice, I shall protest in the name of the Repub-
lican party against relieving these men and
putting them in a condition to do what they
have been doing so long—defying your laws.
In saying this I speak the voice of nine tenths
of the Republican party of my own State. I
believe in relieving men when they show a
proper spirit of repentance, and when they
come up properly to the work of reconstruction.
I do not say that these men are any better or
any worse than fifty thousand others in my
own State, but in all conscience they are bad
enough. They left without the least excuse for
going into rebellion, because their State had
not passed an ordinance of secession. I know
only one man from Kentucky who went into the
rebellion who has acted as if he felt he did
commit a crime, and that is the man who was
once Vice President of the United States.
When the war was over Mr. Breckinridge went
out of the country and remained out of i t, there-
by recognizing his guilt. I believe if grace
ought to be extended to any man it ought to
be extended to him, because he has kept away
while we tried to settle these questions, and
not to the men who came back to Kentucky
and boasted of their rebellion, and on that
ground were elected to offiee. That is the posi-
tion I occupy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. t I desire to occupy fifteen
minutes of the time remaining to me, and I
will thank the Chair to notify me when that
time has expired.
Mr. BECK. I desire to call attention to the
fact that every statement from beginning to
end in reference to these parties is in writing,
and none were filed before the committee
against those parties.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I must express
my great surprise: at :the eonrse this diReussiaii
has taken in thisHouse.. One Representative
objects to a single name, from the State of Vir-
ginia, and because that name stands in the bill
he says that he will vote against every name
from that State. Another man objects, to five
names from the State of Kentucky* aod forth-
with the whole House are asked .to rejeetthig
bill beeause.it contains those five tuunas: firom
the State of Kentucky which it is said o&ght
not to be in it. There are only j&ix runs e  out
of the two hundred and thirty-four in this bill
against which anybody has ventured to raise
any objection upon this floor; The severest
scrutiny has been unable to find more,than six
names to which any objection has been made.
Mr. SHANKS. We are denied the privi-
?e of raising our voices against these men.
Mr. PAINE. . Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to
have the House understand this feet that .this
bill ha3 not been carelessly prepared. It has
bee*, prepared after the most searehingscra-
tiny of every single name ineladed in this
list. I have myself personally examined efery
name, and if there is any man on this floor who
is unwilling to permit a rebel to be relieved
from his disability without good reason for it,
I am that man. I have studiously and care-
fully striven to exclude from this bill every
name against which au objection could be raised,
and I assure this House that it was the pur-
pose of the committee to include in the bill none
except those who ought certainly to pass the
scrutiny of this House.
Sir, objection is made that we include the
names of large numbers of office-seekers in
Virginia. I say we do no such thing. We have
aimed as a rule to exclude every office-seeker
from that State. We have admitted only two
or three. The great body of Virginia office-
seekers are excluded. We have striven to
include only those who were theeariiest, active
supporters of the reconstruction measures of
Congress, and I declare to this House now,
that excluding the five men from Kentucky I
believe almost every one of the men whose
names are included in this bill is to-day an
earnest, active worker in the Republican party.
I am ashamed to be obliged to make this state-
ment on this floor. I am ashamed to be obliged
to say that these men whose names we have scru-
tinized so carefully are workers in the party to
which the great mass of the gentlemen of this
House belong. That happens to be true ; but
because we have included certain Democrats
from the State of Kentucky, some of our friends
not only move to strike out those Democrats,
but also intend to oppose the whole bill. Why,
Mr. Speaker, there will be good reason on the
part of our opponents on this floor for voting
against this bill if we stike. oiit the names of
the men from Kentucky. We can expect noth-
ing else. If we strike out these names, then
this bill will be from center to circumference
a partisan measure, excluding every man who
does not belong to our party. I, for one, shall
vote against striking out the Kentucky names.
We placed them there after deliberate consid-
eration, and until this bill was reported to the
House I supposed that my friend iVora Ken-
tucky [Mr. MgKee] had waived or withdrawn
his objections. But notwithstanding these ob-
jections, and in the face of them, 1 shall vote
against striking oat these names from the biil.
I expect nothing less, if we do strike them out,
than that our friends on the other side will
vote against the bill and it will be lost; be-
cause I clearly see that in the house of our
friends the members of our own party find their
most violent opponents, and that without the
vote of the Democratic members of the House
even the Republican names iu this bill art to
be stricken out. I am ashamed to be com-
pelled to say that.
Mr, Speaker, we must relieve these men or
none. We have carefully sifted the wLk>1« mass
before the committee, and these are the best
of them all. No bill has beou hitherto intro-
duced that presented names so strongly six it led
to relief, and either you kius> decide au* once
for all that none shall be relieved or you
