1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
40th contt....3d Sess.
Suffrage—Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Reps.
count was seventy-one days. Now calculate
the interest at six per cent, on $3,361,000,000
for seventy-one days. I will make the cal-
culation in round figures. The interest on
that sum at six per cent, for one year amounts
to over two hundred and ooe million dollars;
~~ for seventy-one days it amounts to over forty
million dollars ; put this $40,000,000 down
as one item of the earnings of these national
banks for one year; then add to that the
gold interest on their Government bonds: it
amounts to $22,000,000 in gold, which re-
duced to currency amounts to about thirty
million dollars; add this $30,000,000 to the
$40,000,000 realized on loans and discounts,
and you have 870,000,000. And this is not
all; there is still another immense sum to be
added. The last report of the Comptroller of
the Currency shows that the national banks had
onhand of "undivided profits," inthemonthof
October last, the enormous sum of $36,000,000.
These $36,000,000 of undivided profits have
accumulated within the past five years, making
an average accumulation of over seven million
dollars per annum ; add then the $7,000,000
to the $70,000,000, and you have for the
gross earning ot the banks from these three
sources alone $77,000,000 for the year 1867.
From this sum you may deduct $18,000,000
amount paid in taxes to the United States
and State governments during the same year.
This leaves as the profits of the banks for that
year the sum of $59,000,000, a sum equal to
about twenty per cent, on the amount of their
circulation.
Is it any wonder, then, Mr. Speaker, that we
find such strong opposition against any move-
ment which proposes to destroy this monopoly?
1 expect to be assail ed for the position which
I have taken, but I shall not be deterred in
consequence of it from the- discharge of my
duty in this regard. I further propose by this
bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue new bonds to theamountof $600,000,000,
drawing interest at the rate of four per cent, per
asnum; butl am now disposed to believe that
the interest on the new bonds proposed by this
bill should not exceed three per cent. And
when the House takes action on the bill, I pro-
pose to move an amendment reducing the
interest from four to three per cent. The bill
proposes further that the national banks shall
substitute the bonds authorized by this act for
the bonds now on deposit with the Treasurer
of the United States as security for their bank-
ing circulation and as security for the Govern-
ment deposits. And if the banks now organ-
ized do not see proper to organize anew under
this bill, wiih the new three or four per cent,
bonds, then it provides that they shall be wound
up by the Comptroller of the Currency. But
few of them, in my judgment, would choose to
go into liquidation if this bill shall become a
law; and if any of them should, 1 guarantee
that there are plenty of men who stand ready
to organize new banks on a three or four per
cent. bond.
If this bill, Mr. Speaker, shall become a
law we shall have, first a free banking system
based upon the credit of the United States,
thus making it easy to increase or diminish the
circulation of the currency in accordance with
the requirements of the business of the country;
for at any time a bank may go into voluntary
liquidation. Further, it will save by the sub-
stitution of the new bonds for the old to the
tax-payers of the country between seven and
eight million dollars per annum. This bill
further provides that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall, with the legal-tender notes received
in exchange for the bonds authorized to be
issued under this act, buy at the lowest market
price the United States gold interest-bearing
bonds now outstanding and destroy them, thus
lightening the burden of the public debt, less-
ening^ public taxes, and affording increased
facilities to the industrial pursuitsof the country.
Mr. Speaker, if the provisions of these two
bills, which I have in a summary manner dis-
cussed. shall become the law of the land, then,
sir, I have confidence in the future of the Re-
public. Then we shall be enabled, in my judg-
ment, to pay off the public debt at an early day
without overburdening the people with taxa-
tion. We must, moreover, reduce the expenses
to the lowest possible point and apply the sur-
plus revenue to the payment of the debt. We
have already reduced the Navy appropriation
from about forty-seven millions to about seven-
teen million, dollars, and the Army appro-
priation from $80,000,000 to $33,000,000, and
the civil service in like proportion. Next year
the Navy appropriations ought not to exceed
$10,000,000, and the Army appropriations
ought not to exceed $25,000,000. By pursu-
ing this course we will maintain the honor
and gloryo-f the nation, renderthe people pros-
perous, contented, and happy. The future of
this great Republic I shall not attempt to por-
tray. The-imagination itself hesitates before
even venturing to contemplate its future great-
ness and grandeur.
Suffrage.
SPEECH OF HON. G. F. MILLER,
of pennsylvania,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
January 28, 1869.
The House having under consideration House bill
No. 1667, to secure equal privileges and immunities
to citizens of the United States, and to enforce the
provisions of article fourteen of the amendments to
the Constitution, and the resolution (H. R. No. 402)
proposing an amendment of the Constitution of the
United States—
Mr. MILLER said:
Mr. Speaker: Thesubject-matternowunder
consideration is of vast importance, and re-
quires the serious consideration of Congress.
1 shall first speak in regard to House bill No.
1667, the first section of which reads thus:
That no State shall abridge or deny the right of
any citizen of the United States to vote for electors
ot President and Vice Pre.-ident of theUnited States,
or for Representatives in Congress, or for members
of the Legislature of the State in whioh he may re-
side, by reason of race, color, or previous condition
of slavery; and any provision in the laws or consti-
tution ot any State inconsistent with this section are
hereby declared to be null and void.
The other four sections of the bill being
intended to enforce compliance with the pro-
visions of the first section, render it unneces-
sary for me to notice them in this discussion.
I will, therefore, confine my remarks first to
that section. The object of this bill is clear,
and that is that Congress shall force upon the
respective States negro suffrage, regardless of
the existing constitutions and laws therein, and
the question is, has Congress this power under
the Constitution of the United States of 1787,
which was adopted in 1789, section two of ar-
ticle one of which provides that—
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors in such States
shall have the Qualifications requisi'e for electors
of the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture."
Thus it will be seen that the people of each
State are to choose the Representatives; and
does not this provision give them full power to
determine who shall vote for such Representa-
tives? That power has never been denied to
the States by the General Government except
as to the late rebel States, of which X will speak
hereafter. This right of regulating suffrage
no one will deny existed in the States at the
formation of the Constitution ; and did they,
by the Confederation, surrender that right or
any part of it? The preamble to that instru-
ment reads thus:
" We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselve-; and our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution tor the
United States of America/'
It shows that the object of the Union was in
the main to provide for the comtion defense
aud secure the blessings of liberty, but not to
take from the States the rights possessed by
them in the regulation of suffrage. The States
had certain rights which they did not surrender
to the General Government, and among them
was the right of determining who should exer-
cise the elective franchise. It was determined,
in the case of Mcllvaine vs. Coxe, 4 Crancli,
209, that—
" The several Statjs of the Union became entitled
on the 4th of July, 1776, to all the rights and powers
of sovereign States as respects their internal regula-
tions."
I do not wish, Mr. Speaker, to be understood
as favoring State rights doctrine as advocated
by those of the Calhoun school, for I hold that
no State after the Confederation could secede
or withdraw without the consent of the entire
States; that the United States possess power
to use all the force necessary to prevent such
attempt. And this is the only legitimate con-
struction that could be fairly placed upon that
instrument. In 6 Wheaton, 414, Cohens vs.
Virginia, (Marshall, Chief Justice,) it is laid
down:
"The States are constituent parts of the United
States; they are members ol one great empire: for
some purposes sovereign, for some purposes subordi-
nate."
It is said by the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boctwell,] who has
charge of this bill :
*'Jf the doctrine of those who maintain that the
whole question of suffrage is vested in the States be
true, then the States may refuse to choose electors,
They may refuse to sendmembersto thisHouse; they
may refuse to choose Senators by their Legislatures;
and thus the Government would come to an end."
I would ask the honorable gentleman, even
if Congress had the power to regulate suffrage
in the States, how would that remedy the diffi-
culty he suggests? If the citizens of any State
neglect electing Representatives to Congress,
or if the Legislatures decline electing Senators
or could not find any person willing to accept
the position, could Congress or any other power
compel electors to vote or accept the office of
Senator .or Representative in Congress? So
that if the power of regulating the elective fran-
chise was vested in the General Government it
would not remedy the imaginary difficulty sug-
gested by the gentleman. If the people refuse
or neglect to take part in the Government
organizations I know of no power to compel
them ; but it is hardly possible, Mr. Speaker,
for such a comingeucy ever to arise, as persons
can always be found willing to serve their coun-
try by accepting office. The fourth secti on of
article one of the Constitution provides t hat—
" The time, place, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof,
but the Congress may at any time bylaw make or
alter such regulations, except as to the place of
choosing Senators."
This clause does not take from the States
the power vested in them by the first part of
the section. It is evident that all that was til-
tended to be reserved to Congress was to regu-
late the time of election of members of Con-
gress in case any State should neglect to do so,
but not to withhold from the States tne right to
regulate suffrage. In article two, section one,
of the Constitution it is provided that—
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of elec-
tors, equal to the whole number of Senators and
Representatives to which the State may be entitled
in Congress."
The right to regulate the elective franchise
has been conceded to the States for eighty years
under the-Constitution framed by our illustri-
ous ancestors, and now at this late day an at-
tempt is made to take from the States by a
mere act of Congress a right which they always
