imi
rmm .OOffGRESSIOMAI/ QbOm>
my colleagpe,pn the committee, the geBtlemm
from Alabama, (Mr. Norms.]
Mr. NORRIS. Mr. Speaker, the little time
at my disposal will not allow me to make any
extended remarks upon the measure now
pending, and I mast confine myself substanti-
ally to a simple indorsement of the position
taken by my colleague on, the committee who
reported this bill. I wish to say, as lie ha#
said, that this bill jiontaius no nape noteare-
fully considered in committee, and I trust it
will pass as reported, with the exception of
the amendments offered by my colleague. And
I wish to say in reply to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fbrriss,] who asks, "Who
knows the men whose disabilities are to be re-
moved by the passage of this bill," that many
of those living in the State which I have the
honor in part to represent are known to me
personally, and I can assure this House that,
with few exceptions, they have been activ.e
supporters of, the party of reconstruction s!nee
the day when Congress indicated the plaa
which has resulted in the restoration to the
Union of seven of the States lately ia rebel-
lion. One gentleman whose narxie appears ia
this bill (I allude to G. C. Crowe) headed the
Grant and Colfax electoral ticfeetia my State,
and by his thorough canvatjs and eloquent ap-
peals in support of that ticket, under circum-
stances that would have driven most men from
the field—circumstances understood by those
only who have passed through the same ter-
rible ordeal—did as much as, and. perhaps
in ore, than any one in the State to secure
the triumph for the right which was achieved
there.
Others, though less prominent and less in-
fluential, did their part in that memorable
campaign; and I believe there is not one from
my State whose name appears there who ought
not to be put in a position in which he may
accept such honors as his fellow-citizens may
desire by their suffrages to bestow upon him.
As a general thing, too, those living in other
States have been recommended by their re-
spective Representatives upon, this floor, to
whom many of them are knosrai.
It.is said that many of those relieved by
Congress during the last, session are now and
always have been bitter opponents of recon-
struction. I can assure this House that this
ia not so. I know personally many of those
of my own State who were then relieved, and
I feel sure tfcftt, with unimportant exceptions,
they have been actively cooperating with the
Republican party ; and to them in large meas-
ure are we indebted for the triumph of that
party in Alabama. Their cooperation was
necessary to our success. Without it the vote
for our ticket in the Electoral College would
have been less by the number to which my
State is entitled than it actually was; and I
ii-'-vo no doubt thai the Representatives from
North Carolina and some other Sta.tes would
bear the same testimony, in regard to their
respeotive constituencies.'
J±ow, Mr. Speaker, in view of these facts,
will this House refuse to relieve others equally
deserving—men who have advocated Repub-
lican principles amid a storm of vituperation,
abuse, and social ostracism, and such as advo-
cates of any faith have rarely braved.
I am simply asking my friends to make
effective their own plau of reconstruction. 1
have, I am frank to say, 110 sympathy with
that sickly sentiment clamoring lor immediate
amnesty for all, and which, on the part of
some, seems determined to brook no delay;
but I desire to ask the members of this UoBse
whether they will earry out the plan of their
own institution by relieving those who in
good faith have sought to make that plan a
success, or whether they will break the prom-
ise implied in their own acts of reconstruction.
I am sure that the deliberate judgmeat of the
House will sustain the report- of the commit-
tee, and thus-strengthen the cause of Repub-
licanism throughout the<land, and especially
in the lately reconstructed States, a portion of
m$7
wiwise loyal masses I represent, aud for whom
I speak. I believe this, bill ought ia pass,
aod I trust it will pass, without further oppo-
sition.
Mr. PAINE, I now yield nine minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shella-
babger.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman having charge of this bill [Mr.
Paine] remarked a moment ago that the great
importance of the public business that is press-
ing upon- our attention renders it improper
to devote much time to this measure. I
would not obtrude a single remark upon this
House or make a single statement if I were
not convinced that this measure is the most
important one that will come before this Con-
gress.
Mr. Speaker, I am about to leave all official
connection with my beloved country forever,
in all human probability, and I do mean, if
my fellow-members will not regard it as an
intrusion, to make a statement about this mat-
ter. Of course, Mr. Speaker, you and I have
no personal interest in the bill except that high-
est and most intensely personal one which we
have in onr Government, and which makes us
love our country. That is reason enough why
you and I should be solicitous about this mat-
ter, provided it affects our country.
Now, sir, I want to say that we have fallen,
as it seems to me, into a most grave error in
regard to the very foundation principle upon
which we should proceed in all these cases, and
upon which rests that sublime clemency with
which the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution closes up, and which
provides that two thirds of the two Houses
of Congress may relieve these political dis-
abilities. Why, Mr. Speaker, look, look for
a moment, at that clemency in the light in
which this amendment was enacted by the peo-
ple; consider it in that surrounding in which
we were when, here in these Halls only a few
months ago, we made this strange, unprece-
dented clemency part of your constitutional
law. It was here, sir, in these same Halls,
where we contrived and whence we sent out for
the ratification of the people this provision of
the Constitution only a fetv months before we
enacted it, that the men who were the rulers of
the Republic arranged that foulest conspiracy
against republics, against human liberty, which
God ever permitted the world to see. That
conspiracy, sir, which was here conceived,
contrived, adjusted, and which so soon culmi-
nated in horrid, universal, consuming mur-
der and war, was not only contrived, arranged,
and all its infernal enginery adjusted right
here, where we,deliberate to-day, but it was
done, sir, by the members of the two Houses
of Congress and by the heads of Departments
—men selected by the people 10 rule their
country, aud who took the powers which their
oaths to defeud the Constitution admitted them
to for the very purpose of overthrowing the
Constitution. Ilow huge that power was for
their country's overthrow which they were
here endowed with by their country's trust, is
attested by the darkest, worst events which
darken human history.
It was, sir, when such lights as these and
from such events streamed in here upon our
benches that we enacted that even these same
authors and contrivers of their country's rain
might again and at once become their coun-
try's rulers if two-thirds of the several Houses
so willed it; and what we consider to-day is
whether it is wise so to will it.
Now, I point you, my fellow-members, to
this your last history, and I appeal to you to
tell me where in the other history of the world
have you found it out that it is safe for any Gov-
ernment to make no discrimination between
virtue and crime, between loyalty and trea-
son ? That distinction your country has already
failed to make. Already by aets of universal
amnesty ail the huge guilt of the rebellion has
been blotted out and by your Government for-
gotten forever. This is not a bill to excuse
! men from being pat to death under that law
which General. Washington signed and which
stands as the unrepealed but dishonored law
of the Republic to day. It is not that but it
is this: that these chiefs of the revolt, now citi-
zens by your clemency, now "criminate ia the
law's contemplation no longer, because; yea
have given them this universal amnesty-—that
these men shall becotre the rulers of the Re-
public. It is this, only this we consider. The
only disability under which they are is that they
cannot rule us. "On this l)iil, therefore, it in
not fit to talk to men about whether we want
more blood. That, sir, is not in this bill.
What is in it, alas! is whether .they who, with
oaths fresh upon their souls to defend the Con-
stitution waged war to overthrow it, shall now,
in the incautious wholesale modes of this bill,
be made by us the keepers of that Constitu-
tion's life ? The interrogatory the measure puts
to our consciences and our own official oat^a
is, whether it is wise and safe to make the men
who committed this treason pur rulers?, I am
in favor of a clemency that will discriminate
with an eternal vigilance between the respons-
ible authors and contrivers of this revolt and-
the driven masses, and I would, as fast as is
safe, relieve the latter class.
Another thing, Mr. Speaker, which I greatly
wish to say and for myself only, to leave here
recorded in the debates of Congress, is that
we have for our guide in determtDing up&n
what the rule shall be in discriminating £>e-
tweeu whom we should restore to the highest
powers of Government aud those whom we
should not, the aids of the very maxims of oti r
common civilization and public law. One of
the maxims of that law is uttered in these
words, concerning what the part of wisdom is
in dealing with a defeated rebellion ;
" When the sovereign has conquered the opposite
party and obliged it to demand peace, ho may ex-
cept from the amnesty the authors of the trouble,
the chiefs of the party, cause thom to be adjudged
according to the laws, and punish thom if fotuMl
guilty."
So we are taught by Grotius, the father of
the world's international law; so by Vattel,
so by our own Wheaton, and so by our Su-
preme Court. This is the Ghristian law of
the world to-day; wise as it is old, humane as
it is just, recognized and enforced by all Gov-
ernments which recognize tha  there is virtue
in allegiance and guilt in treason.
Bat, sir, if this be wise and law, aud by it we
are required not to permit the authors of such
a crime against humanity itself even to live,
how much more, having permitted them to
live, should we hesitate here to-day to enact
that they should be our rulers? If you tell me
the men in this bill are not the chiefs of- the
revolt, then I answer you, first, that some of
them have been shown by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. McKeeJ to have been of Mor-
gan's assassins and commandersof his maraud-
ers. I answer, next, thatiu the way all such bills
mast now be prepared and passed, Congress
cannot know the guilt of those whom wo are
asked to relieve. Sir, base your laws on these
principles which I appeal to from the public
law and your action will be safe and wise, and
you get clear of what my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paixe] said he blushed to call partisan
considerations. I scorn thom as he does. Let
it be provided by law that there shall be a
method by which the Congress shall be enabled
to know bow guilty these men were, what their
aets in the rebellion have been, what their re-
lations to the Government were which com-
pelled them once ta take an official oath to
support their Government. Let us find out
whether, ia the language of Yattel, they were
the authors and chiefs of the revolt; what their
guilt, as betrayers of former trusts given them
by the people, aud what their conduct toward
their country since it conquered them. If
they were such chief*, or if their betrayal of
their country and their penuries were conspic-
uous and heinous, or if they have since their
overthrow been in their conduct toward their
country still relentless and hostile, then, in tha
