VMS
THE -CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
February 16,
name of God'sjustiee,do not to-day invite them
to' be our rulers; if they have not been these,
ttr-en, in the name of God's mercy, let them be
relieved.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from'Indiana.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to call the attention
of the House to a fact which ought" to impress
itselfon the mitids ofmembers. Longbefore the
bills were passed in regard to which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] said
we committed an error, my colleague [Mr.
CCburn] introduced a bill to provide means
by which these men who come before this
HouSe asking for the removal of their disabil-
ities c'Ould present themselves in a manner in
which we could know whether they were fit to
have their disabilities removed. That bill pro-
vided that they should apply to the courts, and
having there submitted the proper proof that
they were worthy they could then come before
Congress and ask for relief. This would take
away the question of politics entirely—the ques-
tion whether they were Republicans or Demo-
•crats. Each applicant would first have to prove
his fitness by the testimony of his neighbors.
But that bill was passed by, and the Commit-
tee-on Reconstruction—'I say it with due re-
spect to its members—it seems to me, has be-
come a mill at which grists are ground in the
order in which they come, just as is done in a
grist-mill.
Sir, it seems to me there can be no necessity
for relieving these men ; and I take what little
time I have left to say this, that if a man from
my district were to come here and ask relief
from the consequences of crime, and he was not
permitted to be heard in these Halls, I would
make them ring by the year until I should be
heard. I would pertait nothing to go against
my district without my own hand and voice
being felt and heard. I have asked of this
House that the members from the southern'
States be allowed to be heard on this bill.
That privilege has been denied bythe gentle-
men who introduced this bill. Their voices
are choked in the face of their duty to their
own districts. I protest against this measure,
and shall move, if I can, to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The members on
this floor unanimously recommend the relief
of every man who comes from their several
districts.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield two minutes to the
fentleman from North Carolina, [ Mc. Boyden. ]
only wish to say to my friend from Indiana
that not one single southern member on this
floor objects to relieving any man reported in
this bill from his own district.
Mr. BOYDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent of the House that I may have
fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. KELSEY, Mr. BROOKS, and Mr. Me-
KEE objected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. No member objected in time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from North
Carolina will proceed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House extended
the time of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
MCKek.]
Mr. BOYDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have noth-
ing to say.
Mr. PAINE. I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. RAUM. Mr. Speaker, my name having
been brought into this debate in connection
with the application of James K. Huey, of
Kentucky, I think it proper for me to say that
I have known him for twenty years, and I
know him to be a good man. It is true that
he was a rebel and fought in the confederate
army. Of course I offer no apology or excuse
for him on that score. But I think that he has
accepted the situation as gracefully as any man
ia the .couptrj. I met him in July, 1865 ; he
had doffed the grey and gone to work, and I be-
lieve that he has been trying to make an honest
living ever since. He is not a politician ; he
is a merchant; and I thiuk that he has been
endeavoring to conduct himself as an upright,
honest citizen.
Now, I have heard a great many gentlemen
upon this floor belonging to the Republican
p'arty objecting to the passage of this bill. I
thought that the Republican party and the
whole country were committed to the proposi-
tion that as rapidly as was consistent with the
safety of the country and as men brought forth
fruits meet for repentance we would relieve
them from their disabilities. Why, sir, it is a
part of the theory of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution that the Congress of the
United States shall consider the petitions of
persons wlio are disabled by that amendment
and relieve them from their disabilities as rap-
idly as the safety of the country will permit.
And the principle is contained in the Repub-
lican platform upon which we made the contest
last fall.
Will gentlemen standing here as the repre-
sentatives of the people and as the represent-
atives of the Republican party of the country
ignore the platform upon which we went before
the country last fall ? When men from the
southern States who were rebels come forward
and petition the Congress of the UnitedStates
to have their disabilities removed, and mani-
fest by their conduct a disposition to acquiesce
in the present condition of affairs and assist
in the reorganization of their States, shall it be
said that we turn a deaf ear to their entreaties,
and turn our backs upon our own records
and say that we will not comply with their
request? For one, sir, I propose to support
this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] has expired,
and no further debate is in order.
Mr. WHITTEMOEE. I ask the indulgence
of the House to allow me two or three min-
utes.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The first question was on the amendment to
the substitute offered by Mr. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts, to strike out the name of John W.
Wright.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
46, noes 75.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. It is this : as it requires by
the Constitution a concurrence of two thirds to
remove the disability of any man, and as the
question just now was upon a separate name,
1 submit whether, more than one third voting
in the negative, it was a concurrence in retain-
ing the name.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide
that point of order. It is a point of order of
great importance, and has been decided by
Speakers frequently before. As in the ease of
hills returned by the President of the United
States with his veto, on all intervening ques-
tions until the question comes under that clause
of the Constitution which requires a two-thirds
vote for its passage, a majority prevails. It
is only upon the final vote which gives vitality
to the bill that a two-thirds vote is required.
The next question was upon the amendment
reported from the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, to strike out of the substitute the name of
George W. Cornett, of Grayson county, Vir-
ginia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
reported from the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, to strike out of the substitute the name
of Michael Hahn, of New Orleans, in Louis-
iana.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. McKee, to strike out of the
substitute the following names :
D. Howard Smith, of Franklin county; Philip Lee,
of Jefferson county; 3. K. Huey, of Livingston coun-
ty; David 0. Harris, of Woodford county, and James
\¥. Schooling, of Marion county; all in Kentucky.
Mr. RAUM. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. Can & separate vote be had upon
striking out the different names ?
■ The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. An amendment must be treated as a
whole. A resolution stands upon a different
footing. A resolution can be divided if, af er
a part of it is taken away, the remainder will
stand by itself, but an amendment must be
voted on as it is offered.
The question was put; and there Were—ayes
45, noes 85.
Mr. JULIAN and Mr. KELSEY demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yests and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken'; and it was de-
cided in the negative^—yeas 56, nays 109, not
voting 57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Benjamin, Blair,
Bromwell.Broomall, Buekland, Benjamin I?. Butler,
Oake, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Corley. Covode,
Dickey,Donnelly, Eckley,Eggleston, Jaines X. Klliott,
Ferriss, "Fields, H.-irding, Higby, Hopkins, Hunter,
Julian,Kelsey, William Lawrence, Maynard, McKee,
Miller, Moore. Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, O'Neill,
Orth, Perhum, Price, Roots, Sawyer, Soofield, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Stevens, Taffe, John Trimble.
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert X. Van Horn, Ward, Wbittemore, Thomas
Williams, and John T. Wilson—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Bing-
ham, Blackburn, Boutwell, Boyden, Boyor. Brooks,
Buckley, Burr, Callis, Cary, Chanler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Clitt, Dawes, Deweese, Dockery,
Edwards, Ela, Eldridge, Thomas D. Eliot, F;i rns-
worth, i'erry. Fox, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Goss,
Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Haughey,
Hawkins, Heaton, Holman, Ilotchkiss, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander If. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd.Kelley. Kellogg. Kerr.Ketoham, Kitchen,
Knott, Koontz, Laflin, Lash, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Lynch, Mallory,Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy,
Moorhead, Morrell, Mucgen,Niblaek,Norris,Nunn,
Paine, Peters, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Prince, Randall, Knuio,
Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spald-
ing, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Stover, Taber. Thomas,
Twichell, Van Trump, Cadwalader 0. Washburn,
Welker, William Williams, James F. Wilson, Wood,
Woodbridp:o, Woodward, and Young—109.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ames,
Archer, Arneil, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Benton,
Blaine. Boles, Bowcn, Roderick R. Butler, Cook,
Cornell, Cullora, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
French, Garfield, Get?,, Halsey, Hamilton, Hill,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Lincoln,
Logan, Loughridge, MeCormiek, McCullough, Mer-
cur, Morrissey, Mullins, Nicholson, Pettis, Pruyn,
Schenck, Starkweather, Sypher, Taylor, Xil't, Law-
rence S.Trimble, Van Auken. Van Wuck.Vidab JBhhu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Stephen JT. Wilson, and Windom~57.
So the amendment of Mr. McKeb was not
to.
The nextquestion was upon the amendment
of Mr. Paine, to insert among the names of
persons residing in th6 State of Virginia the
name of Patrick McCraeken, of Fredericks-
burg; and being taken, it was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the sub-
stitute as amended ; and it, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. PAINE. Upon that question I call the
previous question.
Mr. FERRISS. And I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr.- BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. Is not
the House entitled to a separate vote on each
name in this bill? Under the constitutional
amendment is not the case of each man whose
disabilities it is proposed to remove to be acted
upon separately, two thirds concurring therein ?
There are some men named in this bill whom
I might be quite willing to vote to relieve.
There are others there whom I am quite as de-
cided in my own mind to vote against; yet
