316
T&E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
schools, churches, mills, wagon-roads, and whatever
else pertains to the necessities and enjoyments of a
well-settled neighborhood. This policy would stop
theadvancing column of immigration from Europe,
and of emigration from the States, which has done
so much to make the public domain a source of pro-
ductive wealth, a subject of revenue, and a home for
the landless thousands who have thus at once be-
come useful citizens and an element of national
strength. It would, in fact, amount to ft Virtual
overthrow of the beneficent policy of the homestead
law, which has, perhaps, done more to make the
American name honored and loved among the Chris-
tian nations of the earth than any sifigle enactment
since the formation of the Government."
Mr. Speaker, I submit that the facts em-
bodied in this brief summary ought to settle
this question in the minds of all men who will
lay aside passion and allow themselves for a
single moment to think. With me they are
absolutely conclusive. I claim to be as true
a friend to the soldier as any man in this Con-
gress or outof it; but I am likewise the friend
of the millions who toil, whether soldiers or
civilians, and cannot, therefore, unite with
any man or set of men, for any purpose, in
opposing the homestead law, either by open
assault or the insidious policy of indirection.
X am quite as unwilling to aid in its overthrow
now, on the pretense of giving bounties to
soldiers, as I was five years ago on the specious
ground of paying our national debt. Its policy
is constantly invaded by stupendous grants to
railroad corporations, by corrupt Indian treat-
ies which sweep away the rights of settlers and
curse vast districts of country, and by the
growing spirit of monopoly, shown in multi-
plied forms, and threatening the very princi-
ple of democratic equality in the Republic.
Sir, the duty to which we are summoned is
not that of submission or acquiescence but of
unflinching resistance to these unchristian and
anti-republican tendencies of our time. No
ephemeral advantages, if they were attainable
by an opposite course, could atone for the
enduring mischiefs to the country which would
certainly ensue.
ilr. Speaker, if any further argument ad-
dressed to this House is needed I find it at
hand. This body, in March last, passed with-
out a division the following resolution:
" llmolved. That in order to carry into full and
complete effect the spirit and policy of the preemp-
tion and homestead laws of the United States the
further sale of tho agricultural public lands ought to
be prohibited by law; and that all proposed grants
oi land to aid jntho construction of railroads, or for
other special objects, should be carefully scrutinized
ftna rigidly subordinated to the paramount purpose of
securing homes for the landless poor, the actual settlement
and tillage of the public domain, and the consequent
xncrcase of the national icealth,"
Sir, I am quite sure the sentiment of this
resolution would bo most heartily indorsed by
the great body of the people of the United
States, _ Let us stand by it in the face of all
temptations. It utters the true watchword and
rallying cry of the people of all parties, and
its gospel must be preached and practiced if
our great national patrimony is to be saved
from the greed of monopolists and the rapacity
of thieves. I do not believe this House will
now go back on the record it has made. Indeed,
some of the friends of this bounty bill assure
me that they desire its passage because they
believe Congress will soon carry into effect the
resolution I have quoted by providing that no
more of our public lands shall be sold except
under the preemption and homestead laws, the
effect of which, they say, would be to bring
these certificates of indebtedness nearly to par.'
I sincerely hope Congress will be wise enough
to,do what is predicted. I even hope for it at
this session; but I deny that auy such effect on
the price of certificates would result. Such a
measure could not interfere with the holders
of college scrip, nor land warrants, nor Indian
scrip, through which land could still be bought
without the condition of Occupancy and im-
provement ; nor could it undo those huge land
monopolies already existing under our In-
dian-treaty policy and swamp land legislation,
through which the trade in land will be lively
for a good while to come. _ There will be ways
enough left to buy land without the obligation
to live upon and cultivate it after the bill I
reported to this House some months ago to
prohibit further land speculation shall have
become a law. In no event would the priee of
these certificates give the soldier the bounty he
is entitled to ask; but if it would, the injury
which this policy would inflict upon the- coun-
try, as I have already shown, utterly forbids its
adoption. The soldier, if he understands this,
will not ask it, and the nation has no right to
entail upon itself agreatand irreparable wrong
in order to prevent a minor one, which it may
remedy in another way, if any present remedy
is indispensable. The best friend of the na-
tion's-patriotic defenders is the friend of justice
and the public welfare ; and the men who were
unselfish enough to offer their lives as a sacri-
fice for these will never ask the representa-
tives of the people to trample them under foot.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. In pursu-
ance of the agreement by which this bill was
brought into the House, as it could not come
in under the rules in any other way, I now move
that the bill he recommitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and I propose, then, to
move a reconsideration, so that whenever the
House has leisure we may take it up again.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I now move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois ; and there were—ayes
38, noes 44; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JULIAN. Is it in order to move to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, now. The bill
has been recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
ask whether if the motion to reconsider is laid
on the table it does not defeat the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will leave the bill with
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it not prevent its
ever being brought back ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
not a parliamentary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will that committee have
an opportunity to report again this session ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The com-
mittee will not be called again ; they have been
called once this session. The success of this
motion would kill the bill.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Washburne, of Illinois; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 49, nays 81, not
voting 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Delos K. Ashley, Bailey.
Blair, Boles, Boyden, Broomull, Cary, Chanler, Cor-
nell, Driggs, Eliot, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Goss, Gove. Griswold, Higby, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Ilulburd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Lash, George
V. Lawrence, McCormick, Moore, Moorhead, New-
comb, Piko, Poisley, Stevens, Stone, Taber, Tift,
Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburne, Whittemore,
Thomas Williams, James ]?. Wilson, Woodward, and
Young—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson. Arnell, Baker,
Banks, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boutweil, Buck-
land, Cake, Reader W.Clarke,Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Corley, Covode, Cullom, Deweese,
Bodge, EckScy, Eia, Fields, Gravely, Haight, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, jIearon, Hill, Holman.Hunter. Inger-
soll, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kite lien, Koontz,
Lpsan, Loughridge. Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy,
MoKee, Mcreur, Morrell, Muliins, Mungen, New-
sham, Niblaek, Norris, O'Neill, Paine, Perh&m,
Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Plants, Robertson, Roots
Sehenok, Seofield, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sit-
greaves, Stewart, Stokes. Stover, John Trimble
Twichell, Van Aernam. Van Auken. Vidal. Ward
Henry D. Washburn, Welker. William Williams
whnJ?■•JWl!s??• St°Plien I1- Wilson, Windom, and
Woodhridge—81.
NOT VOTINU—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M.
Ashley, Axtoll, Baldwin, Barnes. Barnurn, Beaman.
Beck, Bmgham, Blackburn. Blaine. Boweii Boyer
Bromwell, Brooks, Buckley, Burr, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler. Callis, Churchill, Clift,
Dawes, Delano, Dickey, Dixon. Dockery, Donnelly,
Edwards, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry,"Fox, French, Garfield, Grover, Ilalsey, Ham-
ilton. Haughey, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard. Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Richard J>. Hubbard, Kelsey,
Keteham, Knott, Laftin, William Lawrence. Lin-
coln, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, McCullough,
Miller, Morrissey. Myers. Nicholson. Nunn. Orth,
Phelps, Pile, Poland, Pomeroy. Price. Prince, Pruyn,
Randall, Raurn, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Sypber, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, LawrenceS. Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson,
Robert!'. Van Horn, Van Trump. Van Wyck, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, and
Wood—91.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted to the Committee on Military
ASkirs
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move
that the motion to reconsider be postponed for
three weeks—until Tuesday, the 2d of Febru-
ary next, after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
previous question on that motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the motion to postpone was
agreed to.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The first business in order
is the consideration of reports from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a few moments ?
Mr. BANKS. I will yield if no great time
is consumed by the gentleman.
navy and marine corps.
Mr. PIKE. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 941, to amend certain acts relative to
the Navy and Marine corps.
No objection was made.
Mr. PIKE. I now move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be non-concurred in, and
that a committee of conference npon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses be aslsed for.
Mr. PAINE. Let the amendments be read.
Mr. PIKE. I can explain them in less time
than would be required to read them.
Mr. PAINE. Very well.
Mr. PIKE. The House passed a bill some
time since reducing the engineer corps and
also reducing the Marine corps of the Navy,
The Senate agreed partially to the bill of the
House. We now ask a conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion of Mr. Pike was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the conferees
on the part of the House Mr. Pike, Mr. Stew-
art, and Mr. Archer.
government grants, etc.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce and have referred to the Committee
on Commerce a bill to prevent the alienation
to foreigners of grants or privileges from the
United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be read.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that it shall not be lawful, without the express
consent of Congress first obtained, to assign
or transfer to any alien person or foreign cor-
poration, any charter, grant, or privilege given
by or derived from the United States, and
designed to promote or regulate commerce with
any foreign nation or the dominions thereof.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 object
to this bill. I understand very well the object
of it; it is in the interest of the Atlantic cable
monopoly.
Mr. BANKS. I presented it at the request
of another member.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that.
