1869.
mu .CONGRESSIONAL G^QBE.
517
cl.aims against russia,
Mr. BANKS. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report the
following resolution for action at this time,
upon which I call the previous question:
Revolved, That the President be requested to use
the good offices of this Government for the purpose
of btaining from thoEussian Government a prompt
and just, consideration and settlement of the claims
of Benjamin W. Perkins and other citizens of the
U mtnl States arising under contracts with said Rus-
sian Government, made pending tbe Crimean war.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
irAYTI and san domingo peotectorate.
Mr. BANKS. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to reportfor
sideration at this time a joint resolution.
Tbe joint resolution (H. R. No. 405) exten
ing the protection of the United States to th(^
republics of Hayti and San Domingo was then
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Thejointresolution, which was read, author-
izes the President of the United States to ex-
tend to the Governments and people of the
republics of Hayti and San Domingo the pro-
tection of the United States for the purpose of
assisting thera to establish permanent repub-
lican institutions whenever those Governments,
or either of them, shall apply to the United
States for its protection, or whenever the Pres-
ident shall be satisfied that the Governments
and people of those republics desire or volun-
tarily consent to the piotection of this Govern-
ment: provided that the President shall com-
municate'to the two Houses of Congress im-
mediate information of any action which the
Government of the United States may take
upon this subject; and provided also that no
action which may call for or require any appro-
priation of money from the Treasury of the
United States shall be authorized or com-
menced under the authority of this resolution
without the previous consent of Congress.
Mr. HOL.MAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose that the House shall act upon this reso-
lution to-day ?
Mr. BANKS. I wish to state the grounds
upon which this joint resolution is presented,
and if the general judgment of the House be
not against it I shall ask lor the decision of
the question, but if the general judgment of
the House be against it I will not press it
against leason. I wish, in the first place, to
state the reasons for presenting it.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Is it presented with the
authority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. BANKS. It is. This subject has
been brought to our attention very recently.
It proceeds upon the theory that the two repub-
lics of Hayti and San Domingo desire the ac-
tion here recommended. I am not authorized
officially to state the fact that the Governments
or the people of those two republics have ex-
pressed that desire. It would be manifestly
wrong to make such a statement, because if it
were true, and the Government of the United
Stales should hesitate or decline to make the
proffer of its protection, it would place the
Governments or the citizens of those republics
in an embarrassing positiou. But I assure the
House, upon my responsibility as a member,
that, according to the best information I have,
such is the desire of the Governments and the
people of these republics. For_ that reason
this resolution is presented ; and it is expressly
stated in the resolution that unless they shall
voluntarily consent to the action proposed no
action whatever is to be taken in the premises.
I presented this subject to thepommittee on
Foreign Affairs at its last meeting before the
committee was called the other day; and there
was not time for a full consideration of the
matter. The question is novel and of great
importance, and therefore i did not ask the
gentlemen of the committee to pledge them-
selves to the action proposed in the resolution,
but simply for the authority to report the
measure to the House. I received the unani-
mous authority of the committee to make this
report, submitting a statement, as I do, of
the circumstances under which it is presented.
Mr. MCJLL1NS. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
'Mr. BANKS. I will yield for an inquiry.
Mr. MULLINS. I would like three or four
minutes for an expression of opinion.
Mr. BANKS. 1 cannot yield fo.r that; I
prefer first to submit an explanation of the
action which the resolution proposes.
Mr. MULLINS. Thenl will merely inquire
whether this/resolutiou is not to some extent
in conflici^with the great principle of non-
interference with foreign Governments?
Mr/BANKS. No, sir, not in any respect
whoever. No European Government has the
*ghtest claim upon the Island of San Domingo;
&nd the resolution does not contemplate the
intervention of the Government of the United
States in the slightest degree for the purpose
of controlling the Government of that island.
As I shall have the honor to explain as I pro-
ceed with my remarks, the resolution is only
for the purpose of assisting that people in
maintaining their own institutions, nothing else,
and is not amenable to the objection suggested
by the inquiry of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Mullins.]
Mr. 1NGEHSOLL. I desire that the learned
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
shall inform the House as to the utmost pos-
sible extent of the future liability or responsi-
bility of the United States by reason of this
protectorate—this new relation proposed to be
established.
Mr. BANKS. I may say that this resolu-
tion does not contemplate a protectorate in
the European sense, according to which the
protecting Government interfeies with or con-
trols or is in some degree responsible for the
Government that is protected. Under the
resolution nothing more will be required than
that the United States shall, perhaps, send a
vessel of war to that island, and in case of any
interruption of the public peace, or any violent
proceedings against the Government, to advise
those parties attempting revolution that it
would be better for them and their country to
wait until the regular period of election should
occur before they proceed against the Govern-
ment. I am satiahed myself that that would
be sufficient to secure the object contemplated
by the resolution. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman one single question: is not the action
proposed in this resolution an initial step
toward those "entangling alliances" against
which the Father of our Country warned us?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; it is not an initia-
tory step to anything except the maintenance
of a good government in the Island of San
Domingo by the people of the island. No for-
eign Government has any claim whatever upon
this island. England recognized its independ-
ence in 1850; France and Denmark a little
later; and all the European Powers have recog-
nized its sovereignty. Ia 1865 the Spanish
Cortes by a statute renounced all claim to the
sovereignty of the island, so that the case
stands perfectly clear from any question with
regard to any foreign Government.
Mr. WOODWARD. But t.he question in
my mind is this: if we extend our protection
over what claims to be an independent, though
a very feeble Government, do we not invite
aggression and incur the hazard of a dispute
with all the powerful nations of Europe ? Is
not this the very way to form an offensive
alliance ?
Mr. BANKS. No, Mr. Speaker, we do not
by this measure invite aggression, but we take
means to prevent aggression. When I state
the circumstances the gentleman will see the
necessity of action of this kind on the part of
the United States; also the reason why these
Governments should be in favor of the action
proposed,
Mr. DELANO. Will tlie gentleman yield
to me for a word of explanation?
Mr. BANKS. 1 will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio if it is for an inquiry.
Mr. DELANO. No, sir; it is to explain
my own position.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman will have an
opportunity to do that; but I wish first to state
the grounds upon which the resolution is pro-
posed. I will yield to the gentleman from New
York for an inquiry.
Mr. WABD. I should like the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to tell the
House whether there is any precedent for this
proposed action.
Mr. BANKS. There is no precedent for
the proposed action. We are in an age. when
new action is required, aud this is one of the
instances.
Let me call the attention of the House to
the facts. In 1855 Santana privately sold the
Island of San Domingo to the Spanish Gov-
ernment for his own purposes; and the Span-
ish Cortes, in 1801, annexed that island of
San Domingo to the Spanish Crown. That
was in 1801. The rebellion against the United
States had just begun. Afterward Spain sent
troops to that island. Narvaez, the Spanish
prime minister, was disposed after a time to
withdraw the Spanish troops from the island.
There was strong opposition to this policy on
his part, and he was denounced for it, as the
policy of Spain was in favor of the annexation.
Oil this very question of the withdrawal of the
Spanish troops from San Domingo Narvaez
was driven out of the Government,and O'Don-
nell and his partisans came into power. This
was in 1865. It was in August, after the defeat
of Lee. O'Donnell, who had driven Narvaez
from power because he had favored the with-
drawal of Spanish troops from San Domingo,
was compelled to follow the same policy, and
actually did withdraw the troops. It had then
been demonstrated to the world that the Gov-
ernment of the United States was to be main-
tained.
In San Domingo the president, who had only
been iu for a few mouths, was driven from
power, when another one was elected for three
months, or until the Spanish troops were with-
drawn from the islaud. Before that time he
was driven out and another president elected.
I do not refer to all the names of these presi-
dents, although I have them here. Revolution
followed revolution in quick succession, until
they have had, in the time I refer to, five or six.
The reason of these constant revolutions in
San Domingo is that the people have no em-
ployment which will occupy their time, which
will absorb their capacity, aud which will sat-
isfy their ambition and personal interest; and,
therefore, the moment that a president is elected
they combine against him to oust, him from
power. Thus there has been revolution suc-
ceeding revolution, and so it will continue to
the end of time unless some change occurs in
the island.
The effect of these revolutions upon the in-
dustry of that country is shown by a letter which
I received this morning from the consul of
Hayti at New York—a letter, by the way, which
had. no reference to the subject I am now dis-
cussing and in no sense approving or disprov-
ing this proposition. In reference to the trade
of Hayti and San Domingo with the United
States, be says that our trade with Hayti in
1864 was over six millions, while in 1808 it was
only two millions. These exports from the Uni-
ted States were mainly from the West, in the
shape of lumber, &c. This difference, with the
character of trade, would require some two
hundred vessels of the usual size trading with
that country, or constant employment for some
forty of the bur.den of two hundred 'r0,?s S? ,
The trade of San Domingo with. New Tort
