1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
40tii Coxa....3d Sess.
Suffrage—Mr, Whittemore.
Ho. of Reps.
long exercised its cruel sway and oppressive
influences. VVc cannot shirk our responsibility;
the present is the auspicious moment to declare
the legal and political equality of all persons,
and to proclaim national protection wherever
the flag of our country is unfurled, over all who
demand at our hands security to their persons
and their God-given immunities. We cannot
stop our ears to this appeal; it must not be
disregarded. The sacrifices upon the altars of
our country, the blood of the heroic slain, the
untold treasures expended, the sighs, groans,
and sufferings of the bereaved who mourn for
theirbelo-ved. martyred fathers,sons, husbands,
friends, call upon us to do our duty.
"There is a spirit stirring in the land
That on the nation's palpitating heart
Takes firmest hold; from thence will not depart
'Till from Atlantic to Pacific's strand
It permeates the soil, the air, the breast
Of every freeman and of all oppressed.
It is a spirit that through centimes gone
The world's long past, its earliest morning dawn,
Has moved to noblest deeds the noblest men,
And broken galling chains of slavery.
Whose voice on mountain, valley, hill, and glen.
Proclaimed, ' Let all mankind be free.'
This spirit, that bids oppression flee.
Is the uneonquercd soul of liberty."
Mr. Speaker, the work is before us ; the past
instructs us ; the present admonishes, and the
future awaits the result of our action—the per-
formance of duty : to know whether we have
learned wisdom by experience, and can deal
justly ; whether we have determined "to treat
our neighbors as ourselvesto acknowledge
certain great truths self-evident, and give to
others the immunities we claim—franchise and
protection. The war abolished slavery with
its sum of villainies ; let Congress abolish
political heresies and piratical invasions upon
human rights; then will equal justice be estab-
lished, and a peace that can alone be prosper-
ous and permanent throughout the Republic :
then will security be guarantied the humblest
citizen, and a unity of States that can never be
severed by dissensions from within or inva-
sions from without. Centuries are to look at
our work effectually done or shamefully neg-
lected. Let us be found equal to oar task,
prompt in our action, united in the cause of
universal emancipation from wrong, and the
acceptation of the right. The nation must
award equal political privileges to all men
everywhere, all over the wide extent of our
common country.
Such a course will, as the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] so
truly declared, become the means of a speedy
settlement of all the vexatious questions that
have divided us in the past. Whatever may
be said in opposition to the measure now before
us, or its unconstitutionality; however much
lawyers may differ in their interpretation of
statutory provisions, though we may exhaust
research, compile the assertions of men that
agree or disagree on the rights of a citizen or
what constitutes a citizen, enter into the most
elaborate analysis of the law and strive to
create a holy reverence for ourselves and a
grave indifference for others; though we may
quote Patrick Henry, Jefferson, Madison,
Chief Justice Marshall. Story, Parsons, Taney,
the oldest or the youngest of the learned in the
jurisprudence of our country to prop up the
old systems and errors which have created
greater regard for the State than for the na-
tion, still we are forced by the'circumstances
around us to acknowledge that the bone of
contention will never be removed while we
prate the law and withhold justice.
Do you wish to end the controversy—settle
the difficulty in the minds of those who have
steadily opposed congressional reconstruction
in the South'? Do you propose to encourage
and protect loyalty there? Then, as this bill
provides, give the benefits of the franchise to
every citizen in every State, without regard to
race, color, or previous condition. Such a
course will close the mouths of the sternest
opponents of "the forced franchise," where
the largest number of the colored men in our
country are found. You cannot blame men of
the South when they come with their accusa-
tions of inconsistency, laying them at your
doors, if you still adhere to partial legislation
and do not accept for yourselves what you have
imposed upon them.
Shall a new sectional difficulty be created
now that we have been delivered from one
great eurse which so nearly ruined our national
existence; while the North by its prowess and
championship for the right in one great issue
dared to do or die that the wrong should be
overcome, slavery abolished, the Union saved?
Shall it falter in its action now? Shall we
fail to recognize our duty to those who ral-
lied to our standards that they might prove
by their valor, devotion, suffering, death, their
right to all the immunities of an American cit-
izen ? Shall we trust the pardoned rebel and
not the patriot black man, whose severed
limb lies moldering at Fort Pillow, Port Hud-
son, Olustee, Battery Wagner, or Petersburg
mine ? Shall we refuse, because the remnants
of degenerate philosophies or theories hang
upon the verge of our Government, to declare
the infamous codes of the past, false to the
grand and glorious enunciations of universal
justice, or to act the part of statesmen worthy
of the hour—the nation's glorious oppor-
tunity ?
Give to the colored man his vote. He has a
national equality with you ; he is an American
citizen, a veteran of the field on which through
bloody contests triumph alone has come, that
enables us this day to legislate for an undivided
country. On staff and crutch he stands de-
manding his rights ; with scars and empty sleeves
he pleads an equal franchise; with uplifted
hands, which have borne the musket in the
defense of your altars and your homes, of that
flag, emblem of freedom,of the future greatness
of our Republic, he asks, not social, but politi-
cal equality. Give the colored man his vote;
then and nottill then will disloyalty be crushed;
then and not till then will tranquillity become
the boon of our people ; then and not till then
will the material which feeds the flame of par-
tisan and sectional strife be removed forever.
This is no longer a white man's Government;
it is a Government for all the people; black
men have rights that white men are now en-
joined to respect. They have the largest num-
ber of them given their ballots in the last elec-
tion fo^ the hero and chieftain, General Grant.
With true loyalty in their hearts and Grant
ballots in their bands they have exercised a
freeman's will and united with yourselves in
securing the era of peace.
It is said there are only one hundred and sixty
thousand colored men yet to be enfranchised ;
about the nu mber that were enrolled of th eir race
in the Union armies. Surely if we could intrust
them with the bullet why should we longer with-
hold from them the ballot? Why need we
falter? Is there not in the constitution of our
nature something that speaks louder and more
earnest than the voice of prejudice or caste or
false legislation, which tells us that now is the
most favorable time for the settlement of a
question so momentous?
" Then let us act wisely, we've nothing to fear,
The voice of the people is heard far and near
That manhood, not color, musjt be the sole test
Of ft right to the franchise, North, South, Jiast, and
West."
I concur in all that my learned and honored
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutweia]
has said. I believe, with him, we cannot afford
to do wrong. The Constitution, which we
regard as the fundamental basis of national
law and equity, makes it our imperative duty
to guaranty to every man who claims him-
self an American citizen the benefits of a
republican form of government. Is that Gov-
ernment republican which creates and main-
tains distinctions in franchise; that gives the
vote to one and withholds it from another?
The Government was founded on the principle
that man was endowed by his Creator with
certain inalienable rights; that, all men were
created equal; not a portion to rule by a divine
right and others to be ruled by the usurpations
of might nolens volens; that the Government
derived its just powers from the consent of the
governed. Our fathers, out of their own ex-
perience in framing the Magna Charta, intended
to denounce the dogmas of kings and tyrants
and to establish as the cardinal, central idea
of their declarations that the people were the
sovereigns, deriving from God himself the right
to say who should rule over them and what
form of government they would have. They
start out with the bold language, "We, the
people"—not the white nor the black—"do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the
United States of America"'—not for Massa-
chusetts, not for Pennsylvania, not for Mary-
land or Virginia, but "for the United States;"
and among the reasons given why they have
thus ordained are these: "to form a more per-
fect union, establish justice, promote the gene-
ral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty
to ourselves and posterity.''
Now, then, can our liberty be secure in the
hands of those who question our rights? Who
is secure in his freedom when debarred from
saying what kind of men shall represent him?
Can we believe that the one hundred and sixty
thousand colored men would give, if they are
invested with the franchise, their ballots for
those who east their voice, influence, argu-
ment, and vote against this measure ? They
are, whether acknowledged or not, the con-
stituencies of such as will seal their destinies
by their action on the grand proposition before
us. As for myself, 1 am ready to make our
fathers' words no empty boast. By all that is
just, by the remembrance of past antagonisms,
by the rights we enjoy, hold sacred and invio-
late ; by the measurements of a golden rule,
that principle which should govern us in our
actions and control us in our legislation, hav-
ing found that there is that in our statutes de-
structive of the essential features of a repub-
lican form of government, let us accept "the
right to alter or to abolish" alf unrepublican
features of such statutes and adhere to such
principles as shall seem most likely to effect
the safety and happiness of all the people.
As corroborative of my own views, I close,
Mr. Speaker, with the reading of a passage
of the inaugural address of the Governor of
Massachusetts. He says:
"A final measure to secure the tranquillity of our
nation is now demanded by every consideration of
gratitude to the brave heroes who have fallen and
of justice to those so long enslaved and as;yet only
partially enfranchised who aided to achieve the
triumph. The American idja of liberty is based on
the principle that is expressed in those immortal
words of the Declaration of Independence, 'all men
are created equal.' The* events of the war bavo
caade free all over whom the flag of the nation
waves; but as yet all are not equal at the polls,
either as voters or as candidates tor office. A citi-
zen of the Union should have the same privileges
whether his home is in Maryland or Massachusetts.
Deny one man in Maryland his rights as to the suf-
frage or any other national matter, and the citizen
of Massachusetts suffers as well as the disfranchised
in Maryland. Let it, then, be made a part of the
Constitution that suffrage on national questions shall
be the same in every part of the Union ; establish it
in the organic law, and no change ol parties can
abridge the right*, embrace the present opportunity
and the nation will reap the full fruit of the victory.
Failure now will bring doubt and uncertainty as to
the future, and the friends of the ballot in other
lands while they are struggling for the ngiit will
feel the loss and lament our want of couragc, per-
sistency, and fidelity to t«he great idoa which inspired
our contest."
Mr. Speaker, I trust that we shall pass this
or a similar amendment, and that ray btate,
South Carolina, may have the earliest if not
the first opportunity to give her sanction to a
legislation so wise and just. South Carolina
having by experience learned the penalty of
the advocacy of the wrong or the errors of
the past, now stands ready, through her Rep-
resentatives assembled, to change front and
grant as well as advocate rights to others she
enjoys herself.
