31:8
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
alone, some years ago, was $1,500,000, while
now it is not $150,000 They received our ex-
ports to the extent of $1,500,000. and now they
have fallen off to less than one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
There seems to be nothing left for the people
of tins isl.uid, where a m,m is hardly elected
president and installed in office before com-
binations are made to turn him out and revo-
lution succeeds revolution, unless a protector-
ate is established over them. The people'have
nothing to do but to attend to the affairs of
government. In all other countries thereis an
intermediate class not, affected by the passions
of faction. In Ban Domingo ail the people
engage in the government, and in nothing else.
Recognizing this fact, the Government of Hayti,
as appears from the diplomatic correspond-
ence .of our Government, appealed to the
Spanish minister in 1864, as one of the great
maritime Powers of Europe, to establish a pro-
tectorate for that island. The Governments of
Europe refused to have anything to do with
the matter unless the United States would con-
sent thereto. But in accordance with the
established policy of the country this Govern-
ment refused, and has always refused, to have
any connection whatever with European Pow-
ers in the management of Governments on the
American continent.
Mr. JUDl). It' the gentleman will allow
me, i desiro to have him tell us whether there
has been any communication of the executive
department of this Government with the exec-
utive department of that island looking to this
protectorate.
Mr. I3ANKS. I am not, as I have already
said, at liberty to state the fiict that there has
been; hut I slate to the House on my own
responsibility my belief that the Government
and people of these republics desire this inter-
vention, or at any rate that they will accept it.
More than this I could not say withoutcompro-
mising both the Government and the people in
the course of action proposed by this Govern-
ment. In 1805, after the European states hud
rejected the application of Hay ti for the estab-
lishment of a protectorate on the part of
European Governments iu this island, the
Government of San Domingo made the same
appeal to the Government of Spain, but that
Government declared that she would maintain
Iier power and foothold in San Domingo, and
refused to receive any application on behalf
of the people or the Government unless it was
accompanied by an absolute Surrender on the
part of those who were in arms against her
authority. If that was done she was willing
to consider the question. But the Dominicans
refused to make a surrender, and thereupon
that application failed. At length, having
seen for themselves that a government was
necessary ou their part; that revolution suc-
ceeded revolution ; tliattrade was being dimin-
ished until it was reduced to little or nothing,
it was very natural for them to look to that
Power which had the ability to give, them se-
curity and stability without any disposition on
the part of that Power'to interfere with their
Government Therefore, 1 may assume if they
have not done this they wilt do it, and if we
make this proffer it will be accepted by the
Government ami people of that country.
Now, sir, what is the proposition ? Gentle-
men speak of it as a protectorate, but it is not
one in the European sense. The prominent
protectorates which have occurred in the his-
tory of Europe are well known to gentlemen
of the House. There was the protectorate
which Poland gave to Cracow. There was the
protectorate which for fifty years England has
maintained over the republic of the Ionian
Islands, which are now about to be united to
the kingdom of Greece. There was the pro-
tectorate of the confederacy o; the Rhine under
the first Napoleon. There was the protectorate
established by the. treaty of Adrianople over
Moldavia. Servia, and the Turkish provinces
by Russia. There was the protectorate of the
kingdom of Sardinia over Monaco. In these
protectorates, which have been inaintataed-by
one Government and another for two hundred
years, the protecting Governments in every
instance have reserved influence and control
over the Governments protected, in some
instances they go for the maintenance of fort-
resses; m others, of armed forces; in others,
for the control of legislation; and everywhere
it looks not merely to the protection of the
people under the Government, but to the
control of the Government, protected by the
influence and intervention of the protecting
Power.
There is nothing of that kind in the action
proposed in this resolution. We do not, and
we cannot, without a treaty-made with these
Dominican Governments which shall be con-
firmed by the Senate, gain any foothold, ac-
quire any territory upon that island, or inter-
fere in any way except by way of advice to the
governments there existing. Therefore it is
not in the European sense a protectorate that
is now proposed, but in the American sense it
is a protection of the people who are, at the
moment, in circumstances over which they
have no control, incapable of establishing pe&
manent government for themselves. And thi?1
proposition is not for the purpose of establish-
ing a control over this island. What we desire
is the maintenance of a just and stable govern-
ment by them, one that shall be satisfactory to
the people, and that shall not oblige them
either to appeal to the Governments of Europe
for protection or to submit to revolution after
revolution three or four times in a single year,
as has been the case in the few past years.
Gentlemen may say this is, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodwakd] suggests,
an initiatory step by which we may get posses-
sion of the island. It is not so intended, and,
Mr. Speaker, it will not result in that action.
In the protectorates of Europe, to which I have
refened, running over a period of two hundred
years, there is not a single instance where the
protectorate has resulted in giving possession
of the protected to the protecting Government.
England has not possession of the Ionian
Islands ; Poland has not possession of Cracow ;
Russia has not possession oftheDanubian prin-
cipalities ; Sardinia has not possession of Mo-
naco, and so on through the whole list of
protectorates. They have not resulted at any
lime or anywhere in giving to the protecting
Power the possession of the protected Govern-
ment. On the contrary, as 1 have stated, in
every instance there has been a release of the
protected party from the influence and control
of the protecting Power, and it would be so in
this case.
It would be idle for me to say, Mr. Speaker,
in view of the history of this country and the
opinions of such men as John Quincy Adams
and those who acted with him at the begin-
ning of the century, that the time will not
come -when the Island of San Domingo and
the other islands of the Gulf of Mexico will
incline to and become a part of the United
States. I cannot say it, nor do I wish to say
it; but I do say that it will not and cannot
result from the action proposed in this case
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The
influence and effect of this action will be sim-
ply advisory, not with a view of overpowering
or controlling or destroying the Governments
of these people. It will be, as was said by
the wise and clement emperor of Russia in
regard to the protectorate on the Danube, an
influence which grows out of the interest and
friendship of the one party for the other. The
only influence that the United States can have
over Hayti and San Domingo under this prop-
osition will be such as is incited by the friend-
ship of the United States for those people and
the friendship of those people for the United
States; and if hereafter from these facts and
fioin these motives the two Governments shall
incline toward each other until they become
united in one I certainly shall not make objec-
tion. But no such result can follow from the
action which .is proposed, and nothing of the
kind is either desired or designed by either
party, the people ofc these republics or- the
Government of the United States, for which I
speak in this connection. It is, on the con-
trary, a wise, a generous, a humane proposition
on the part ot a great Power just having es-
caped destruction from a combination of all
its enemies and having established within its
own borders peace and good government to
extend to a free and unoffending people, who
have great elements of prosperity within them-
selves, an opportunity to do for themselves
exactly what the American people in the prov-
idenceof God havedone for their Government.
That-is the object of the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. GAUF1ELD. I have been very much
interested in the statement which the gentle-
man has made, but I do not think he has stated
very clearly exactly what this Government
might be expected to do; what the protection
is which this measure proposes to give. He
said that we might send a ship of war down
rfiere to urge them to peace and qaiet. Now,
fl do not see exactly how a ship of war^ could
' urge them to peace and quiet unless it was
called upon to do something in the way of war.
1 wish he would speak more specifically as to
the kind of work we might have to do in order
to carry out the purpose of this measure.
Mr. BANKS. I will do it with pleasure;
and, in the first place, I will say for the satisfac-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, what we can-
not do upon any agreement with the republics
of Hayti and San Domingo. We cannot take
possession of their Governments, or send armed
troops into their island ; we cannot take pos-
session of their territory or occupy their seas
without a treaty made with them, and that
treaty must be submitted for the ratification
and confirmation of the Senate of the United
States. We cannot, therefore, do any of those
things which distinguished the protectorates of
European history. What can we do, then? I
refer to 1865, I860, or 18(57, when there were
three revolutions in a single year; when a
president was elected for three months, or until
the Spanish troops could be withdrawn from
the island, and was driven out of the country
by revolution before even the three months
had expired. If the people of Hayti or San
Domingo should consent to accept the protec-
tion of the United States, and we should send
a ship of war into the waters of that country by
her consent or upon her application, it will be
accompanied by officers of the United States.
If there be a Government established there
according to the constitution of that republic,
proceeuing in a just and proper way, without
violence to anybody, and there shall be an
organized revolution to overthrow that consti-
tutional government, the officers of the United
States would be authorized to advise'he revo-
lutionists to desist from their work until the
period should occur when an election would
afford them an opportunity to choose such
man as they saw lit; and under such circum-
stances such advice would be accepted.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman will allow me
to ask this question: suppose the revolution-
ists refuse to aecept that advice, what then?
Mr, BANKS. Then it is for the Govern-
ment of the republic in connection with the
Government, of the United States to determine
what ought to be done, and to submit that
determination to the Senate of the United
States in the shape and form of a treaty. This
resolution does not give the power to the Uni-
ted States to enter with force of arms into that
territory for the purpose of controlling that
Government. 11,extends to those Governments
the idea of protection, which may be carried
under this resolution to the extent I have in-
dicated, not requiring any appropriation of
money. And if farther action is required it
must be upon an agreement between tlioso Gov-
ernments and the Government of the United
States, and that agreement must be submitted
to the Senate of the United States for ratifica-
tion before it shall be carried into effect.
- Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the gen-
