94
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Suffrage—Mr. Gorley.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage.
REMARKS OF HON. S. CORLEY,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House op Representatives,
January 28, 1869,
Pending the discussion of the suffrage bill and con-
stitutional amendment.
Mr. CORLEY. Mr. Speaker, the discussion
of this question of suffrage to every citizen of
the United States, by congressional enactment
and a constitutional amendment, is not only
interesting to the student of nature, but to every
lover of his country and the rights of man. ]t
is natural that one whose humble avocation had
placed him beneath the social plane of the aris-
tocratic oligarchy of the South, and whose aspi-
rations and natural bent raised him above the
narrow circle to which that aristocracy had
assigned him, whose stand-point was reached
by the furious lashings of the storm which
rocked the ship of state on the surging sea of
'rebellion, whose waves have borne him thus far
out on the turbulent ocean of politics, should
feel like trying his depth before he is drifted to
the shore again. Here we find strange whirl-
ing eddies of thought and action, bearing tiny
bubbles of froth and foam soon to be dissolved
in air as the lashings of the wave subside. Here
we find men of noble mien, similar in natural
characteristics and impulses, arrayed in active
hostility as partisans who under different cir-
cumstances and educational habits might go
hand in hand in the great work of freedom and
progress. Let us concede, at least, that each
may be honest while all may be wrong. Per-
fection is unattainable in this life, and "to err
is human, to forgive divine."
Sir, we are to-day but closing the last great
scene in the bloody drama of our national life.
Slavery has at last been wiped out, along with
the gigantic rebellion it engendered to sustain
and perpetuate. But though the spirit of both
hovers around us now we are nevertheless here
to confirm that righteous decision of the sword.
If the friends'of the Union and the cause of
human rights did not exhaust their manhood
when they slew the rebellion they are still
here to secure, by legal enactment, that free-
dom which was so nobly won on the ensan-
guined fields of the Republic. Under the folds
of that starry banner which still floats as an
ensign of hope to the down-trodden of every
clime they dare not falter nor prove recreant
to duty.
The proposition is clear to my mind that all
legitimate and just Governments derive their
authority from the consent of the governed,
and equally clear that such consent cannot be
obtained without an impartial appeal to the
ballot. Suffrage is therefore a natural and
inherent right which cannot be safely denied
to any citizen of sound mind having attained
his or her majority, except for rebellion or
crime. It is a matter of regret that the pro-
posed bill and amendmentdo not go far enough
to ful ly secure the great ends of freedom, justice,
and humanity.
I lie Constitution guaranties a republican
form of government to the States, but while
there remains a single friend of the Govern-
ment and freedom, male or female, disfran-
chised in a single one of those States, we are
unfaithful to the Constitution and best interests
of our common country. There must be spirit
in the Constitution as well as form. If we pre-
serve only the form the spirit has departed,
and soon will flee with it forever the liberties
of the people. I would that one or the other
had included women without the shadow of
a doubt, for surely the mothers and educators
of our race are as competent to vote as the
proud sons they have reared. I know it is
sajd that we have her influence indirectly bear-
ing on our legislation, and therefore we need
PO more. Her influence is great, and we
should by no means underrate it, but it is
powerless to reach, the evils under which we
groan without the ballot. We ungenerously
withhold the one, while we are compelled to
beg for the other. We want ber influence by
all means, and in addition must have her vote.
There is now no legal responsibility resting
upon her political influence and power. We
wish to increase the one and secure for the
nation the full benefit of the other. We wish
to make her legally responsible for treason, as
she is for other crimes. Then we shall have
fewer transfers of property from traitor hands to
lovely daughters for the purpose of smiling
their "loyal" claims through Congress. The
much-feared antagonism between the sexes
will not be likely to drive the vanquished lords
to the wall, and if the predicted war of races
has been postponed by the recent national
election, which the colored men of the South
voted to avert, we may safely conclude that
woman can in like manner indefinitely post-
pone any serious dissension or war of the sexes.
We need more of the moral element in politics,
which may be had by the enfranchisement of
woman. Without her support we are in dan-
ger of being wrecked.
The whisky and tobacco from which we
draw the great bulk of our internal revenue
are but systematic frauds upon the people in
production, sale, use, and revenue, and to day
cosfrthe people of this country enough annually
to pay off our immense national debt. This is
an outrage upon humanity, a crime against
God, and a disgrace to the nation. No country
can long survive such a system of wholesale
poisoning and the waste and extravagance
attending it. These and concomitant evils
can be corrected by the moral power of woman
with the ballot in her hand. Of course the
whisky rings, demagogues, and keepers of gam-
bling hells are against it. They know that
woman will dry up the fountains of their in-
iquity and send them to honest labor for a sup-
port.
It is important, too, thatthe national Govern-
ment should permit no State to disfranchise any
of its citizens on account of ignorance or pov-
erty. I do not hesitate to say that no favored
class in any State should be permitted to dis-
franchise any one on account of the enforced 01-
neglected ignorance of its masses. This would
be only a premium on past oppression and deg-
radation, which I am not willing to allow ;
and those who made chattels of men in order to
raise themselves to a higher plane should be
compelled to contribute their quota toward
educating those whom they had so deeply
wronged. If State legislation, after the incor-
poration of this ignorant element into the body-
politic, should prove to be worse than that of
the intelligent traitors of those States during
the rebellion, it will be quite time enough to
disfranchise it. No State should be allowed to
disfranchise any citizen on account of its own
enforced or neglected ignorance. A question
was asked the author of this bill [Mr. Boot-
well] on yesterday whether or not it denied
to the Stale governments the right to impose
an educational or property qualification. Beiijg
answered in the negative, the questioner seemed
to be perfectly satisfied that the poor, ignorant
colored man could be easily excluded in Ken-
tucky and other States by such legislation as
would give general satisfaction to all who look
upon equal political laws as crimes against God
and man.
Majorities in the States have heretofore
applied educational and property qualifications
to suffrage ; but if the right to regulate ever
implied the right to deny suffrage the consti-
tution no longer permits it. The poor and
ignorant are compelled to sacrifice their life-
blood to defend the nation equally with the
wealthy and educated—the first to draw the
sword as well as the last to sheathe it, and
should ever be equally entitled to the ballot.
It is urged by aristocrats and oppressors gen-
erally that the poor have too little at stake to
say how and by whom the government under
which they live shall be administered. If the
bloated wreck of humanity who urges this plea
can demonstrate that his piles of brick and
mortar which line the avenues of our great
cities, his gold and legal tenders, his bonds
and stocks, are of more value than his own
life, then we may be ready t.o submit that the
poor man with himself may be disfranchised
at pleasure; that money and not the man should
bo enfranchised, and that wealth is of more
value than patriotic devotion to the nation.
This aristocracy of wealth, as well as the
aristocracy of letters, tells us that the ignorant
are incompetent to exercise the franchise prop-
erly. But it must be admitted that ignorance
is in one sense comparative, and those who
are themselves ignorant in that sense have
no right to exclude those who are a degree
below them in intelligence in one direction,
and perhaps a degree above them in the other.
These political pharisees will do well not to
make the path too straight, lest they exclude
themselves. The ballot is itself the best edu-
cator. By its use all citizens may readily learn
how to guard against its abuse. The enfranchise-
ment of the spelling-book and the " almighty
dollar" will soon prove to be but poor substi-
tutes for that of manhood and womanhood.
If we are to have any qualification beyond
that of simple manhood and womanhood, let
it be that of virtue. This nation is in no
serious danger from the ignorance of its loyal
masses. If its voters were as honest as they
are intelligent, the Republic would last as long
as time itself. We have been and still are in
more danger from the machinations of intelli-
gent traitors than we ever can be from the
accumulated ignorance of our own and other
shores.
It needs no elaborate argument to demon-
strate what the Constitution, in the light of its
later amendments, so plainly teaches—that "the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States." A citizen of the United States
is the political equal of every other citizen, and
cannot be constitutionally denied the right to
the ballot in any State except for rebellion or
crime. I thank God that the United States is
at last understood to be a Government, and is
no longer considered the tail, instead of the
head of the Union. It must maintain its in-
tegrity and power. Having subdued its ene-
mies it must protect its loyal defenders. Those
who were honest opponents or unwilling assail-
ants, who have since proved their devotion to
the grand old banner of the free, must feel as
safe in Carolina as in Maine. If, as admitted
by a representative of the Democratic party on
this floor, the election of General Grant has
decided the question that the rebellion shall
not be renewed, then it has also decided that
southern Republicans shall be protected in the
freedom of opinion and speech, and woe to
that party or people who decide otherwise.
But while his party inscribes upon its banner
the glaring falsehood that the reconstruction
laws are "unconstitutional, revolutionary, and
void," it but fires the rebel heart with hate to
the Government, and murder to all who sup-
port and defend it.
With the teachings of the great Calhoun and
the surroundings which environ the southern
mind it is easily impressed in the wrong direc-
tion. Some allowance is due to education and
habit; but what allowance can we make for
those who, without this excuse, swear that they
have never aided and abetted the rebellion
and yet band themselves together and bear
unpatriotic and treasonable mottoes to stir the
hearts of better men to deeds of violence and
death? Every citizen must have the ballot,
and yet the ballot in the hands of a homeless,
starving man is not a sure weapon of defense.
If the wealth and intelligence of the South
shall be permitted to continue in antagonism
