1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
40th Cong.... 3d Sess.
Suffrage—Mr. Bowen.
Ho. of Reps,
to the Government and its policy, and their
tools are still to threaten, overawe, and assas-
sinate loyal men for no crime but their loyalty,
then the war for the Union is a failure, Grant
has surrendered to Lee, and the South will not
hesitate in the future to declare its success
and its power.
The grand reason why the loyal people of
the South were powerless before the rebellion
was because they were not protected by the
Government. When protection is not afforded
loyalty cannot be expected or demanded.
Those who were snugly ensconsed behind the
bayonets of a million of brave soldiers may
look upon us poor southern men as little better
than traitors at heart, because we could not
prevent or avoid conscription, and were power-
less before the leaden hail of our nation's
defenders. Notwithstanding their contempt
for our love, their want of sympathy for our
misfortunes and perils, we nevertheless hope
to prove our devotion by our works. To do
this we must be protected by the Govern-
ment which claims our allegiance, and with
that protection we shall do and dare all
that truth and right demand for all classes
and conditions composing the people of our
country. We must show the enemies of repub-
licanism in the North, as well as in the South,
that the right to regulate suffrage iu the States
is subject to the decision of the people's rep-
resentatives in the Congress of the nation, and
cannot longer be denied to any citizen under
the plea of regulating it. He who perils his
life to defend his country must be allowed to
say in Ohio, as well as in South Carolina, why
that sacrifice shall be offered.
The people of the South have been com-
pelled to accept the results of the late terrible
contest, but have yielded, most reluctantly to
the decision of that potent and overwhelming
argument, the sword; and having done so feel
justly aggrieved that the people of the North
should demand for themselves an exclusion
from the minor evils of that condition they
have so justly imposed on their fellow-citizens
of that section. I frankly and freely admit
that the people of the South lost every consti-
tutional right by their rebellion, and that it is
their duty to accept cheerfully and in good
faith the magnanimous terms of the Govern-
ment as determined by Congress for their res-
toration to citizenship ; but while it must be
admitted that the people of the North have
not been incapable of determining as to the
vital and essential condition of suffrage to the
colored man in the reconstruction of the South,
they have nevertheless shown a want of either
mental or moral perception in their discrim-
ination against color among themselves. But
whether the people of the loyal States have
been able to comprehend the changes that
have been wrought in the organic law of the
land through their policy of reconstruction or
not, which policy I fuliy indorse, they have
now to learn that they must quietly submit to
those changes for themselves and the nation
as the only hope for peace and security in the
future. Neither the preponderance nor the
ignorance of the colored race among them can
be urged as an excuse for withholding the bal-
lot. The people of the South could and did
wield this argument with some effect, but the
people of the North have no excuse for their
delinquency, and their cheeks should mantle
with shame in view of their dastardly incon-
sistency. Those who demaud these rights are
citizens of the United States, and the Govern-
ment must enforce its authority for the protec-
tion of their rights andits own security by their
immediateand unconditional enfranchisement.
It cannot longer refuse. If the colored men
of this nation who periled their lives and poured
out their blood freely that the land which gave
them birth" might remain united and free, a
refuge for the oppressed of all nations, are
to be longer refused the rights which their
heroic efforts have aided in securing to alien
outcasts, and even to the sturdy misguided hosts
of treason, who fought as desperately against
the Government as these dusky sons fought for
it, then I assert that this Congress is recreant
to justice and humanity, to God and the coun-
try, and deserves the just execrations of free-
men throughout the world.
Suffrage.
SPEECH OF HON. C. C. BOWEN,
OP SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House op Representatives,
January 29, 1869,
On the joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. BOWEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with no
little embarrassment that I feel myself called
upon to enter into a discussion of this great
question, not that it lacks anything of import-
ance, for I believe it to be one of the most
important questions concerning the inalien-
able rights of the people that has ever been
brought before Congress. Sir, the embarrass-
ment which I feel arises from the provoking
fullness of illustration with which my colleagues
have dealt with this great cause. So masterly
have they presented this question that there is
scarcely left a single spot for their unlucky
colleague to set his foot upon without trespass-
ing on some one of those arguments which,
with an admirable profusion, I had almost
said prodigality, of learning, they have spread
all over the whole subject. But I shall be
content to travel after my learned friends over
a part of the track which they have at once
smoothed and illuminated—more happy still
if I shall be able, as I pass along, to relieve the
fatigue of the benevolent companions of my
journey.
In our great national declaration of rights,
a State paper embodying the sentiments and
judgments of the fathers, with regard to the
theory, the political philosophy underlying
American republicanism, the equality of man,
the inalienability of his right to "life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness" isdeclared; and
the method of securing and maintaining these
announced in the affirmative, that—
"Governments arc instituted to secure these ends,
and derive their just powers from the consent of the
governed."
This declaration of equality, this announce-
ment of the inalienability of the rights indicated,
and this assertion that " Governments derive
their just power from the consent of the gov-
erned," teach, in my estimation, the doctrine
that self-government is natural and inherent;
that no man confers it upon his fellow ; that
no constitutional convention speaks it into life;
that its title is sustained by the authority of no
parchment, and that no human power can de
jure deprive man of its possession and exer-
cise. It is absurd to speak of self government
as belonging to one who is denied the ballot,
for without the ballot no man governs himself;
he is governed by that class who, holding the
ballot, wield political powers ; and he^ holds
the modicum, of rights, privileges, and immu-
nities accorded to him according to the will
and the caprices of those who may fitly be
termed his political masters.
It is true that the use of the ballot may be
regulated by national enactment—indeed it may
be by State enactment; but the use of the ballot
can only be regulated in the sense in which the
traffic in merchandise may be regulated ; the
regulation is in no sense to amount to depriva-
tion of the right. In the light of what has been
said, I regard the proposition made by the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
BoctweijJ as one looking simply to the re-
moval of an obstruction to the exercise of a
right, God-given and inherent.
And here I pause to ask the question, whence
comes the law, the constitutional authority,
according to which either the national or the
State governments can deprive any portion of
the people, men native to the soil, of requisite
age and legal settlement, of political powers
inhercntand inalienable t Forgetting the color
of the men in whose behalf this legislation is
proposed, their former conditionofslaves, their
present condition of quasi free inhabitants,
laying aside every prejudice and hatred spring-
ing out of our early education with regard to
them, let us, intent upon so discharging our
duties as law-makers in the work of reconstruct-
ing both the national and State governments
of this country as to establish the rights of all
the people, of whatever nameand color, accord-
ing to the immutable principles of justice and
right, discover, impossible, the law in accord-
ance with which our actions should be governed
in this case, and in accordance with which that
action is to be justified before our constituents.
And at this point, let us inquire who, accord-
ing to the letter and spirit of our national or-
ganic law, were in the early days of the Republic
recognized and treated as citizens thereof?
And before speaking of the language of any
special article in either of the great State papers
which, taken as a whole, form our national
organic law, I beg to invite your attention to
a single fact illustrative in some sense of the
doctrine wliich I here maintain. The fact to
which I refer is this : that in the early days of
the Republic in all sections of the country North
and South the colored American was recognized
and treated as a citizen, not only in this sense,
that he possessed and wielded civil rights sim-
ply, but he possessed and wielded political
powers. That I may not weary your patience
at too great length I offer you in confirmation
of this view the opinion of Hon. Judge Gaston,
of the supreme court of North Carolina, in
the case of the State vs. William Manuel, found
in Devereux and Battle's North Carolina Re-
ports, volume four, page 20. The learned
judge in delivering this opinion, said :
"According to the laws of this State, all human
beings within itwho are not slaves tall within one of
two classes. Whateverdistinctions may have existed
in the Roman law between citizens and free inhabit-
ants, they are unknown to our lnstituwons. Belore
our Revolution all free persons born within the
dominions of the King of Great Britain, whatever
their color or complexion, were native born British
subjects; those born outot his allegiance were aliens.
Slavery did not exist in England, but it did exiSt in
the British colonies. Slaves were not in legal par-
lance persons, but property. The moment the inca-
pacity or disqualification of slavery was removed
they became persons, and were then either British
subjects, or not British subjects, accordingly as they
were or were not born within the allegiance of the
British king. Upon the Revolution no other chango
took place in the law of North Carolina than wa3
consequent upon the transition from a colony depen-
dent on a European king to a free and sovereign
State; slaves remained slaves, British subjects m
Nohh Carolina became North Carolina^ lreemen,
foreigners until made members of the State con-
tinued aliens, slaves manumitted here became free-
men. and therefore if born within North Carolina
are citizens of North Carolina, and all free persons
born within the State are born citizens of ths State.
"It has been said that before our Revolution free
persons of color did not exercise the right of voting
for members ot the Colonial Legislatuie. How this
may have been it would be dithcult at this time to
ascertain. It is certain, however, that very few, if
any, could have claimed the right of suffrage, for a
reason of a very different character than the one
supposed. The principle of freehold sulfrage seems
to have been brought over from ingiand with the
first colonists, and to have been preserved almost
invariably in the colony ever afterwards. In the act
ol 1743, chapter 1, Swan's revisal, 171, it will be seen
that a freehold of fifty acres was necessary to entitle
the inhabitant of a county to vote."
But, sir, it is a fact that will not be denied
on this floor by any intelligent man, that for
long years after the adoption of the Constitu-
tion of the United States free colored Ameri-
cans in both the States and Territories claimed
and exercised, without hinderance, the ballot.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we come directly upon the
question of citizenship. What is citizenship?
What implied therein, and what the duty of
civil society as to defense and protection of
rights therein implied? This subject has often
been one of serious inquiry, and previous to
