ism. • . :
mm ? congressional amm.
If you take $20,000,000 from the circulation
of New England and New York there will gtiJl
be left there more than one half of the entire
bank circulation of the country, or the sum of
$152,000,000. What a rational, fair, aod rea-
sonable distribution that would be, indeed!
They proposegraciously to allow us $20,000,000
out of the $170,000,000. they-now have! AH
the balance of the Union are to to avowed not
quite one half the circulation that Mew Eng-
land and New York have, .nndex the distribu-
tion proposed by the Senate bill..
Why, sir, we had better have no distribution
at all than this .mockery which the Senate bill
proposes. I would willingly live forever under
the present system rather than take the
$20,000,000 thus offered. Twenty million dol-
lars subtracted from the $230,000,000 which
the middle and New England States have
would leave how much? Two hundred and
ten million dollars. Thus there is left for the
remainder of the Union but $90,000,000—a
mere flea-bite, a mere bagatelle. This is no
distribution at all. It is unworthy of the name.
The idea .that the Senateof theUnited States
should propose & thing of this kind, and call it
a •'distribution." strikes me as ridiculous.
Unless we can have something better than that
we do not want anything at all. I desire to
call the attention of the House to the mode in
which these $20,000,000 are to be obtained
from the present banking circulation. I quote
the language of the bill, as follows:
And the circulation herein authorized shall within
one year be withdrawn prorata, from banks organ-
ized in States having a circulation exceedingthat
provided for by the act approved March 3, 1865, en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled * A n act to
provide a national currency secured by pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof;"* to ascertain which
(he Comptroller pi the Currency shall make a state-
ment showing the amount of circula tion to be retired
by each of such banks, and shall make a requisition
for such amount upon such banks, commencing ivith
banks instates having the largest excess of circu-
lation.
These notes are to be drawn from the States
having the largest excess of circulation. The
language of the Senate is somewhat indefinite
as to whether or not the withdrawal is to be
confined to those States. The first part of the
clause provides that—
The circulation herein authorized shall within one
" vear be withdrawn pro rata from banks organized in
States having a circulation exceeding that provided
for by the act approved March 3,1865.
I doubt whether that language would confine
the withdrawal to those States having now the
largest circulation.
Now, let me call the attention of members
to the House bill. According to the terms of
the bill, as amended by the committee of this
House, the circulation is not to be withdrawn
from the States having the greatest amount of
circulation, but is to be withdrawn from the
new States as well as the old, from the West as
well as the East, from the South as well as the
North. Wherever in the United States there
is found a bank having a capital of $200,000,
and more than eighty per cent, of that amount
in circulating notes, such an amount of circu-
lation is to be withdrawn as will reduce it to
eighty per cent, on the banking capital. Where
ever there is found a bank having a circulation
of over $200,000 and less than $500,000. no
matter where it may be situated, East or West,
North or Sonth, its circulation is to be reduced
to seventy per cent, on its capital. Wherever
a hank is found with over $500,000 of capital
and up to $1,000,000, the circulation is to be
reduced to sixty per cent. And so on with all
the other banks. What will be the efteet of
this? It will withdraw from the State of Ohio
over $'2,000,000. The city of Cincinnati will
lose almost §1,000,000. The city of Chicago
will lose over $800,000. The State of Indiana
will lose $1,600,000. The State of Illinois will
lose over $1,000,000. The State of Missouri
will lose over $700,000. The State of Ken-
tucky will lose over $200,000. The State of
Iowa will lose over $250,W0.
Now, if we are to reap from all these west-
ern and southern States this little harvest of
$20,000,000 that is to be redistributed, I soy
we had better let the thing be. It is no favor
to us to take away with one hand and give back
with the other. Why, sir, the whole West would
get but $6,000,000 additional, while yon would
take $4,000,000 from us to start the business.
What sort of financiering, what sort of manage-
ment, what sort of legislation is that 1
So much for the provision of the House Ml
as to a withdrawal of the currency.
The $22,000,000 being withdrawn, where
d es it go? First, $14,000,000 go to thirteen
southern States named, including Virginia,
Kentucky, and Missouri. The remainder,
$8,000,000, go to the States " having the least
ratable proportion of circulating notes," in the
indefinite language of the bill. What States,
how many in number, what the ratio of distri-
bution shall be, the bill does not provide.
Eatable proportion to what? To capital, to
population, to representation, to values of
personal or real property, or both? The pro-
vision isincomprehensible, and will be inopera-
tive if adopted. .
It is said these States which lose circu-
lation will get it back by redistribution, and
a little more. Some of them will, some will
not; but grant it for the sake of the argument.
And I ask what is to be gained by unsettling the
business of the banks in such States for themere
purpose of rearranging the circulation with-
outadding materially to it? Why interfere with
existing banks? Why compel them to surren-
der sums varying from one to five hundred thou-
sand dollars of circulation to distribute it to
other associations in the same community ?
What is to be gained by forcing a bank situated
alone in a county to give up ten, twenty, or thirty-
thousand of circulation to be put in a common
fund to go to some other point in the same
State? Such an interference is arbitrary,
unreasonable, unprofitable, and dangerous to
business. Unless a reason more thorough and
more, beneficial can be brought forward we
had better let the whole subject alone. We
come here demanding that there shall be a fail-
redistribution. I propose that we shall have
a distribution in earnest, a distribution that
means something. What is that? It is noth-
ing original. It is based upon the old idea of
the banking law as it was first enacted.
I wish to call the attention of gentlemen to
the distribution of the_ first $150,000,000 ac-
cording to representation. Let us see what
effect that will have. I wish especially to call
the attention of gentlemen who seem to be ready
to sell out their birthright and to give away the
rights of their own States.
Under this method of distribution the $150-
000,000 which are to be given oat'upon the
basis of representation would go in round num-
: bers about as follows:
1 Maine would get about   ^3,000,000
! New Hampshire, Vermont, West \ lrgima,
and California, each about  l.WJ.WjJ
Massachusetts, about   O.OuO.OOO
Bhode Island, Minnesota. Arkansas, and
Texas, each about       1.209,rc)a
Connecticut. Louisiana,Anibatua,about
New York, about....  .— —l
Pennsylvania, about   ...LkoW.lM.
SowJerse&Maryland.andMississippi,each, o.UUu.OiW
Delaware, Kansas, Nebraska, Nevada, and
Oregon, each about    - o-KUK>0
Ohio, about   
Indiana, about 
Illinois, about    8.™0,000
Kentucky and Missouri, each about...- 
Tennessee, about.   -   4,iw,uw
low a,Wisconsin, Michigan, audboutiiCaro-
lina each  S.aOftfMn
North'Carolina and Virginia, each about.... i&MKOtW
Georgia, about   -  i,UUU,UW
These figures are not accurate, but approx-
imate the amounts', which will be varied con-
siderably by the next census and a new appor-
tionment. And it is notlo be anticipated each
of these amounts would be taken in the States
named, but.no doubt the greater part would be.
The remaining $160,000,000 would remain
to be distributed upon the basis of an official
valuation of all the property, real and personal,
in the several States and Territories. Here
the discrepancy in distribution would be much
greater than in that based on representation.
:Here the old States will-came ia for a larger
.proportion. They bate more capital; theyare
-wealthier ia many respects ; they hold a larger
amount of railroad stock; they have more
insurance companies and manufacturing com-
panies and rich organizations,: All these are
to be taken into the calculation when, we pro-
pose to distribute currency, according, tot. the
anpraised value of real and personal, property.
There, is a larger proportion of wealth ire the
old States than in tire new ones, and in this
distribution they, will com* in for a greater
amount of the circulating medium.
New England, New York, and Pennsylva-
nia^ with their vast accumulations of wealth
and capital, their great cities, factories, pub-
lic improvements, would outweigh the newer
portions of the country and obtain thus their
proper sliare of bank notes. It has been esti-
mated that the value of property to the person
in our great cities is five to one greater than
in our rural population; but be this .as it may,
the commercial and manufacturing parts of
the country under this system will always com-
mand their due amount of circulation. Motley
naturally flows to the great cities, and if their
banks" had no circulation tbey would find
enough coming in for the transaction of their
legitimate business.
Now, this differs materially from the old
law. The old law based it upon resources,
business and capital. Who can tell what the
terms "'business and resources" mean? If
you talk about resources, I say that the States
of Illinois and Missouri have greater, resources
than any other States in this Union. Missouri
is an empire by herself and has more natural
resources than the State of New York. So,
then, we see that the word resources actually
means nothing upon which to found a culeola-
tion. So, too, with the term business."
Therefore I have inserted in my amendment
the idea that we shall base this distribution
upon the appraised value of personal and real
property. •
Another amendment has been offered by the
gentleman from Vermont. [Mr. Smith. } He
proposes.to wipe out the greenback currency,
or to take up $200,000,000 of it, and substitute
bank notes for it. I suppose the idea is to
approach specie payment by that means. He
wouid increase the interest-bearing debt of the
nation by withdrawing $200,000,000 of green-
backs, upon which the Government pays no
interest, and substitute for them $200,000,000
of bonds, upon which the Government has to
, pay interest in gold. It seems to me that is
j| not traveling toward specie payment. My idea
' | is to keep out the promises of the nation bear-
il ing no interest and to wilhdrawthe bonds upon
li which we have to pay such heavy interest,
ii The people are not especially in love with the
11 bank notes, but you cannot find a man who
!! does not have a preference for the greenback
jj over the bank note. They will tell you every-
ii where that if we must have one kind of e«r-
reney in preference to another let us have the
■ • greenback currency. 1 do not think there is
any question about that.
Gentlemen may say that we will destroy the
credit of the Government by issuingirredeem-
|i able promises which fix no time at which they
shall be paid. The people have not lost faith
ii in the -nation's credit. The people are not
ii afraid that the Union is going to fall into ruin,
j; or anything of that kind. Ihey will takemore
I; greenbacks than we have now ; and I tell gen-
ii tlemen to-day that if this' Congress does not
:l inaugurate a measure which will give the peo-
ple more greenback currency, a Congress wiil
come here that will do it. What do we need
more than anything else, especially in the
West? We need some kind of provision for
circulation. It isdifticult now to borrow money
at any rate. Gentlemen need not tell me that
it is a wise policy to keep the great body of
our currency in New York, Boston, and Phil-
adelphia. They might as well tell me that it
would be a wise policy to keep three fourths
of the steamboats and railroad ears there too,
for the purposes of excursions and picnic par-
