320
TfP, {GQKGRISSIQ^AL GrLQJ^E.
January 13,
appropriation of ^50,00.0, under such restric-
tions as Congress, may impose, to enable him
during the next year to complete the demon-
stration. la presenting this petition I desire
to say that. I perform a duty, and I content
myself with remarking that it is certainly a
great case of moonshine or it parks a great
epoch in the progress of invention. I do not
undertake to express an opinion upon it. I
ask the reference of the petition, to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. W1LLEY. I. think that petition ought
to go to the Committee on Appropriations.
It is a matter with which the Committee on
Patents has nothing to do.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to refer it to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, It is a
subject intimately connected with those great
telegraphic movements which are now in oper-
ation. We have had one question of that sort
referred to the Committee on foreign Relations
since this session commenced ; ana I trust this
petition, instead of being referred to the Com
mittee on Appropriations, will be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POMEltOY. I did not uuderstand the
name of the petitioner. Was it given? Lot the
name be read, for L want him to have the benefit
of it, whoever he is.
The Chief Clerk. The petition is signed
" Mahlon Loomis, M. D."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moved that the peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Patents,
and the Senator from West Virginia moves that
it be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. SUMNER. I think if my friend from
West Virginia had read the petition he would
have seen that it undertakes to set forth an in-
vention, and I think that the Committee on
Patents is the most competent of any in our
body to consider the value of the invention.
Mr. WILLEY. It is not an application, as
I understand it, for a patent or anything of
that character.
Mr. SCJMNER. But it is for an appropria-
tion, which will be a substitute for a patent.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that it bo referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. It strikes
me the Committee on Patents has nothing to
do with a claim of that character.
Mr. WILSON, I hope this petition will be
sent to tiie Committee on Patents. I do not
know that there is anything in the invention;
probably there is not; but it is not worth otir
wliiie to meet any propositions of this kind
with a sneer. The world laughed at all the
great inventions which have been made when
they were first proposed. It is only a few
years ago since the first men of this nation
sneered ar.d laughed at the magnetic telegraph,
but the telegraph triumphed. Now, there may
be something in this, and I hope that the pa-
pers will be sent to the proper committee, and
that, they will examine the subject.
Mr. POMBROY. I hope Senators will not
think from any remarks I have made that I
sneered at this improvement. I believe in it.
1 have seen two or three experiments, and I
think there is something in it. I have seen it
tested in a small way, and I am inclined to
think it will succeed.
_ The PRBSJ DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be first put on the motion to refer to
the committee first named. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves that this petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Charles Carlett, praying a removal of the civil
' disabilities imposed on him by acts of Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Patrick
Moore, praying to be allowed a bounty of $100.
which he alleges to be due his son, Thomas
Moore, late a private of company H, one hun-
dred and fifty-first regiment New York volun-
teers ; which was referred to the Comi i.ttee
ou Pensions.
. Mr. WILSON presented the.petition of-_F.
H. Hill, praying a removal" of tne disabilities
imposed on him by acts of Congress ; whichwas
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS' presented the petition of the
curators; of the Kentucky University, praying
compensation for the destruction by fire of the
medical college known as Transylvania Uni-
versity, at Lexington, Kentucky, in May, 1863 ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of
Samtiel Jamison, praying compensation for
property taken possession of by order of Major
General Butler while commanding the military
forces at New Orleans ; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Thomas C.
Anderson, praying a removal of the civil dis-
abilities-imposed on him by acts of Congress ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Isaac II.
Crawford, praying a removal of the civil dis-
abilities imposed on him by acts of Congress,
and praying the removal of the civil disabili-
ties imposed on John Ward, Leroy S. Ward,
and A. T. Osborn ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the memorial of Theogene
Castille, praying a removal of the civil dis-
abilities imposed on him by acts of Congress ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
the yearly meeting of Progressive Friends, at
Longwood, Chester county, Pennsylvania,
praying the adoption of a humane policy to-
ward the Indians; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HENDRTCKS presented the petition
of Jonathan K. Hodges, praying that a bounty
be granted to his wife for services rendered by
Charles Jones in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 729) to provide for the execution
in the District of Columbia of commissions
issued by the courts of the States and Territo-
ries of the United States and of foreign nations,
and for taking depositions to be used in such
courts, reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. 'No. 1489) granting a portion of the military
reservation at Sault Ste. Marie to the A merican
Baptist Home Mission Society, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Agriculture, to whom was referred the petition
of C. Anderson Hullquist in behalf of the poor
of Sweden,submitted an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution submitted by Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont, on the 14th of Decem-
ber last, on the expediency of authorizing a
committee of five on education, reported the
resolution favorably.
transfer of printing appropriations.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 194) authorizing the transfer of
certain appropriations heretofore made for the
public printing, binding, and engraving, have
directed ma to report it back without 'amend-
ment and recommend its passage. I ask for
its prespnt consideration. It is a thing to which
there will be no objection. '
By unanimous consent^ the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasur}' to cause the sum of $194,000 to
be transferred from the appropriation "for
paper* for the public printing," contained in
the act entitled "An act making .appropri-
ations'for the legislative, executive, "and judi-
cial expenses' of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1869,';' approved on the 20th
of July, 1868, in aid qf the appropriations con-
tained in the same act for the following pur-
poses and in the following proportions, to wit:
for the public binding, the sum of $110,000;
for lithographing and engraving for the Senate
and House of Representatives, the sum of
$84,000.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read, the third time, and
passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 767) to incorporate the Washington Gen-
eral Hospital and Asylum of the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to tlie Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
768) for the relief of Mrs. Jane Northridge;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 769)
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Rio Grande to the
Pacific ocean; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous concent
obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No. 770)
to incorporate the National Gold and Silver
Mining Company of Washington, District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 771) authorizing payment to be made for
certain services rendered to the United States
in the late insurrectionary States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
| tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
| Mr. BUCKALEWasked, and by unanimous
I consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
! No. 772) to amend the representation of the
people in Congress; which was read twice by
! its title.
Mr. BUCKALEW. As thebill is very short,
I ask that it. be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, That in the el-etions for tho
choice of Representatives to the Congress of tho
United States, whenever more than one Representa-
tive is to bo chosen 'from a State each elector of such
State duly qualified shall be entitled to anumber of
votes equal to the number of lieprese tatives to be
chosen lmra the State and may give all such votes to
one candidate, or may distribute them equally or
unequally amors a greater number of candidates,
and the candidates highest in. vote upon the return
shall be declared elected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to permit this bill to be
referred to a select committee. I make the
motion that this bill be referred to a select
committee of seven, of whom the President
pro tempore shall be one.
The motion was agreed to.
oregon branch pacific railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Some days ago I intro-
duced a bill (S. No. 660) to aid in the con-
struction of the Oregon Branch Pacific rail-
road ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad. I now propose to
offer an amendment to that bill, which I will
ask to have printed and referred to the same
committee ; and I desire to say, in connection
with this amendment, that the original hill pro-
vided for subsidies according to the laws here-
tofore passed upon thatsubject., but this amend-
ment provides, instead of such subsidies, that
the Government shall guaranty the interest
upon the bonds of the company, and those
bonds shall be a first mortgage lien upon the
road. To secure the Government it is pro-
vided_ that the proceeds of all the lands shall
remain in the Treasury of the United"States,
ana the proceeds of all the business transacted
