1-272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
ties, while the farmers, mechanics, miners, and
laborers of :the vast interior fail to get their
supplies and move their products with rapidity
and cheapness. Money is needed to give them
motion as well as steam, money in proper and
eouvenieutplaces, moneyinabundance. Paper
money, if coin cannot be had, greenbacks and
ban-It nates if there be no supply of gold and
silver. If bank notes are good in New York,
why not in the Wests? Or if paper money is
dangerous why not scatter it a little ?
It the Bast sighs for gold and hates paper,
why not let us have our share iti the West?
- We are not afraid of it. It is no bugaboo west
of the Alleghanies and south of the Potomac.
Scatter it abroad, then. Let it lift the cotton
bale and bear it to the spinning-wheel and the
loom; let it drag the iron that slumbers in the
hill-side to the forge; let it carry the grain
from the yellow field to the consumer; let it
gather the cattle from a thousand hills and
hurry them to the market; let the dollar go
abroad in the land. Do not lock it up. I
tell you the proper distribution of the tools
of business—if 1 may be permitted to use the
term—must be made everywhere. Let money
travel abroad over the country. Do not eon-
fine it to the cities, to the centers of commerce
and trade. It will flow there readily enough
of itself.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask my friend
a question just here. If there is such vitality
in greenbacks that they will circulate of them-
selves without any "other fiscal agency why
do they not now flow to the West and to the
South? Why is it that they flow into the
great centers, New York, Philadelphia, and
Boston?
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman wishes to
know why the greenbacks are not found float-
ing to the West. Has he forgotten that I re-
minded the House some time ago that three
fourths of the banking institutions of the coun-
try were located in the East; that they had the
assistance of law and regular organization; that
they had the advantage of the Government
bonds, which they have deposited as part of
their capital and as the basis of their circu-
lation ? And does not the gentleman know
that these great institutions, having a large
reserve of greenbacks, can control the circu-
lation in a great measure, keeping it where it
now is ?
. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to call attention
to an amendment which the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. IkoebsoliJ has offered which
proposes that we shall have a free national
banking system. Sir, 1 deprecate this. I dread,
in the first place, the vast expansion that may
take place under a law of that kind. It might
be possible for us to have tinder such a system
$1,000,000,000, or even $2,000,000,000 of cir-
culation. It would be difficult to say where
and wlieu it would stop. The effect of it would
be to drive out the greenback circulation and
put in the hands of speculators great quantities
of money. There would be much more than
there is now in the hands of men to operate
witli in the great money centers. We now dread
t he formation of " corners,'' as they are called.
Sir, 1 dread the locking up of the currency or
the withdrawal of it from the legitimate chan-
nels of business. If you cause a vast increase
in the bank circulation, the men who control
capital may lock up ten, twenty, or fifty mil-
lions of the circulating medium. We want no
fluctuations of that kind. We do not want to
put it in the power of any man or any set of
men to be able to control the monetary affairs
rpke oofntry by combinations.
The gentleman proposes free national bank-
uP°n three per cent, bonds, thus saving
hall the present rate of interest. So far, so
u • ^ ^*0 wh°le distance, saving
all the interest and have free banking upon
greenbacks? Many of the best banks in the
country uo not issue a dollar of circulation.
1 hc-ir owners are men of capital, of financial
ability, of great enterprise, and the people
have confidence m them. Why not trust such
men with the banking interests of the coun-
try? Men who ask no privileges, who
none but legitimate gains in a regular business,
who accommodate the people with loans, and
whose nioney is always ready for the.honest,
enterprising, active, fair-dealing citizens—such
bankers as these are needed everywhere and
will be found everywhere when we cease grant-
ing special privileges which are alone an en-
couragement to speculation.
Free national banking would only aggravate
the evils of the present system; would only
give to speculators additional power; would
place in their hands the entire currency of
the country; would give to great operators
facilities to create "corners" from which we
could not escape.
It would be very much better, if we must
expand the currency, to expand it by issuing
greenbacks instead of bank notes.
I wish now to call your attention for a mo-
ment to the unreasonable profits of national
banking.
On pages 606 and 607 of the report of the
Comptroller of the Currency we find it stated
that on the first Monday in October, 1808, the
following was the condition of the national
banks:
United States bonds deposited to secure circula-
tion..... 4340,487,050
United States bonds deposited to secure
deposits    37,360,150
United States bonds and seArities on
hand    36,817,600
Loans and discounts     (Sqi ,868,847
Three-per cent, certificate?  59,080,000
Compound-interest notes  4,513,000
And, on the other hand—
The capital stock amounts to 420,034,511
Tho surplus fund to  77,095.701
Undivided profits to  30,095,883
Now the profits upon these bonds, certifi-
cates, loans, and discounts added together
make an enormous income upon the invest-
ment of $420,000,000 in capital stock. Let
us look at it:
The intcrost on bonds at six per ccnt. is 524,878,088
Loans and discounts at six per cent, yield.. 30 (60 J,'SO
Tho three por cent, certificates yield  1,790,400
The compound-interest notes at six per cent.
yield  270,823
Making in all $66,400,Oil
This is about sixteen per cent, upon the
amount of capital; but this calculation is not
correct. Thepercent. of gain on discounts and
loans is nearer twelve than six per cent., and
may be safely put at ten per cent, which alone
willyiekl $65,766,800, making thegain equal to
twenty-two per cent. Would it not, then, be
better to issue greenbacks than to authorize
the issue of bank notes?
Mr. LYNCH. _ I would ask the gentleman
if lie has ever figured up the profits on any
business that has invested a cash capital of
$400,000,000, and if he has made a calculation
as to how much profit it would yield?
Mr. COBURN. I have made uo such calcu-
lation.
Mr. LYNCH. I understand the gentle-
man to make a calculation here showing how
much profit the banks make on a capital of
$400,000,000. My question is whether lie has
ever made a calculation to see how much profit
a cash capital of 8400,000,000 would yield in
any other business?
Mr. COBURN. If the gentleman can see
that that question has any application to my
argument, it is more than I can. Twenty-two
per cent, is a very large amount to be derived
from any business, and is more than the law
ought to authorize these men haying this mon-
opoly to make. It is the business of this
Government not to sustain monopolies, but as
far as it can to put them down. It is our duty
as legislators to enact only such legislation as
will authorize the business in connection with
these banks to be done in such a shape as that
the profits will be on an average with those
of the other business of the country ; and there
is no business in this country, I will venture to
say, that regularly yields anything like fifteen
per cent., much less twenty-two per cent. I I
make no attack upon- the banks. I propose
no measurerepealing.thebank charters. These
' banks were authorized in the beginning as a
wise measure, as a great public necessity.
They were wisely continued, and now to pro-
pose to unsettle them or to do away with them
or the law authorizing them to exist would
perhaps be impolitic. No proposition of that
kind is before Congress, and nothing of that
kind is now under discussion.
I say, then, let the -banks remain as they are
for the present-. Let them do as well as they
can. Many sound and patriotic men, many
of the best financiers of the country are con-
nected with these banks, and there occurs to
me now no special reason for making any
attack upon them ; but there is no doubt in
my mind that they are a great monopoly, and
if their privileges are to be extended they will
become an overshadowing monopoly.
Therefore I say that the proposition of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Smith] and of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ikgersoll]
to give this vastly profitable monopoly a great
increase in this country is not to be tolerated
for one moment. No course of legislation
that we could adopt would bo one half so un-
safe as to allow the issue of six hundred, seven
hundred, or one thousand million dollars of
bank notes to create a monopoly in the hands
of a set of men who now act together as auuit.
We hear in this Hall much said about the
Pacific railroad being a dangerous monopoly
that may operate against the liberties of the
people, and in the future may even elect a
President of the United States. But I point
gentlemen to an institution that may be a far
more dangerous monopoly than any Pacific
railroad, one that may elect Congresses, that
may elect Presidents, that may control- Cab-
inets, and dictate the policy of the Govern-
ment.
What was it that made slavery so dangerous
to the country, that gave that institution the
power to inaugurate a rebellion that almost
shook this mighty nation from its seat? It was
that there were $3,000,000,000 concentrated
in the hands of slaveholders as in the hands of
one man, who acted as a unit, who always had
a purpose in view—the farther extension of
slavery. Their first aggression was upon a
foreign nation for the purpose of increasing
the territory subject to their influence, in order
to raise the market value and price of their
slaves; and they used every power of the
Government over which they had control to
extend the area of slavery and to keep up the
market value of their slave property.
So, I say, if we increase tho power of these
national banks they will constitute such an
enormous and dangerous monopoly ihat the
liberties of the country may hereafter suffer
from their influence. I therefore protest against
the enactment of any measure of that kind.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. COBURN. Certainly.
Mr. MILLER. I would ask the gentleman
if these national banks are not local institu-
tions?
Mr. COBURN. They are local institutions,
it is true; but they can combine for a purpose.
Mr. MILLER. And could'not State banks
do the same thing?
Mr. COBURN. State banks are not con-
nected by a common interest, but these na-
tional banks are organized under one law. The
institution of slavery was local and scattered
throughout various States, and it had a local
interest; but when any great measure came up,
when any great leading idea was put before the
country which affected that institution, it acted
as a unit and affected the whole country. And
just so when any question shall arise as to
a change of this banking system it will affect
all banks, and, if the measure be vital, will
be favored or opposed by all throughout the
nation.
Mr. LYNCH. Before I proceed with the
remarks I desire to submit to the House. I ask
the Clerk to read my amendment, as I have
