1869.J
APPENDIX TO THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
40th Cong....3d Si®.
Suffrage—Mr. SJidlabarger.
Ho. of Beps.
Fort, Pillow, or the little boy who leads his
sightless father through the streets, made blind
by the winds and" sands of a southern coast,
or the thousand other mangled heroes to be
seen on every side, that this Government, in
defense of which the son and the husband fell,
the father lost his eyes, and the others were
crippled, had the right to call these persons to
its defense, but has no constitutional right or
power to bestow the right of suffrage to the
survivors or their friends who are now citizens
of the United States. Sir, it cannot be. Such
is not the meaning of our Constitution, neither
is such the meaning of American citizenship.
But, Mr. Speaker, much has been said by
the gentleman from Wisconsin {Mr. EldRjdge]
about the intention of the framers of the Con-
stitution. Sir, I think their intention cannot
be misunderstood when it is remembered who
enjoyed the right of suffrage at the adoption
of the Constitution, and that nowhere in that
instrument or the Declaration of Independence
can the word ''white" be found; and when the
Articles of Confederation were discussed in the
Continental Congress the word " white," which
was then sought to be thrust in as an amend-
ment to article four, between the words ''free
inhabitants," was defeated by a vote of 8J
noes to 2J- ayes. The amendment referred to
was offered by the delegation from South Car-
olina, and upon which eleven States voted.
Again, the gentleman says that nowhere in the
Constitution is the grant of power given to Con-
gress forregulation'of suffrage. Sir, such may
be the correct interpretation of that document,
but I contend that the right of-suffrage, as I
have already said, is "natural, inalienable,
and inherent;" and if the gentleman will refer
to the Journals of Congress of 1778, volume
four, page 379, he will there learn that it was
so regarded when the question arose to insert
the word "white" in the Articles of Confed-
eration.
Again, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.dkidge] has caught up the
word "party" and rung the changes upon that.
He says that "party" has kept the dissevered
fragments of the Onion asunder since the war
ended. Sir, let me ask the gentleman what
"party'' it was that dissevered or tried to break
the Union into "fragments." And here, Mr.
Speaker, in support of the doctrine that the
right of suffrage was enjoyed by every free
inhabitant, and that suffrage was considered as
"natural and inherent," let me call your atten-
tion to what was then called the Northwestern
Territory, now the State of Ohio. Previous to
the first constitutional convention, held in 1802,
free colored persons voted in that Territory
under the ordinance of 1787, which made no
distinction on account of color or previous
condition, and when the proposition was sub-
mitted to the convention to insert the word
"white" in their constitution it was only car-
ried by the ballot of the president, who hap-
pened to have the casting vote.
Since this is the law as touching citizenship
and the obligation of the Government to pro-
tect each citizen in the enjoyment of the rights
implied therein, it must be conceded that it is
either the duty of the State government or the
national Government in the exercise of a power
and authority expressed or implied in the law
to guaranty, by appropriate legislation, the
possession and exercise of these rights to every
citizen. It is declared in the Constitution of
the United States that the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States. This rule of
the Constitution cannot be properly enforced,
and the privileges implied enjoyed in the full
and free sense indicated without a rule with
regard to the qualification of electbrs in the
several States which shall be universal and
uniform.
This rule, Mr. Speaker, in my judgment,
should be established by constitutional amend-
ment, and as proposed by the honorable Rep- !
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 7.
resentative from Massachusetts; otherwise it
will be subject to change,'and thus of uncer-
tain duration and use.
And this rule, universal and uniform, should
be distinguished for its reasonableness and jus-
tice, its impartiality and accordance with the
American idea of democratic republicanism.
This rule adopted, and the vexed question, what
is the status of the negro in American politics?
will be forever settled, and that, too, without
injustice to him or outrage to the sentiment
either of Christianity, democracy or law. With
slavery abolished, and the last relics of the
barbarism which it has entailed upon us re-
moved, our Government, State and national,
wilt have entered upon that career of usefulness
and glofy in which we shall realize the fond
anticipations of the fathers, when, declaring the
independence of our country, and establishing
for themselves and their posterity what they
regarded as a genuine democracy, they pledged
to its support and maintenance "their lives,
their property, and their sacred'honor."
Saffrage.
SPEECH OP HON. S. SHELLABAEGER,
OF OHIO,
Is^the House of Representatives,
January 29, 1869.
The Hou?e, having under consideration themotiun
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (II. R. No.
1667) to seetirfe equal privileges and immunities to
citizens of the United States, and to enforce thepro-
visions of article fourteen of the amendments to the
Constitution, and thejoint resolution (H. R. No.402)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, were recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary-
Mr. SHELLABARGER said:
Mr. Speaker: In the brief time allotted tome
I cannot undertake to discuss a question of
such magnitude as that before the House. I
will occupy my time in the first place by briefly
referring to the points of difference between the
proposition now pending, submitted on behalf
of the Judiciary Committee by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell,] and the
one which I had the honor to propose the other
day as an amendment.
The proposition of the Committee on the
Judiciary is, that we shall so amend the Con-
stitution as to provide that—
The right of any citizen of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or any State by reason of the race, color, or
previous condition of slavery of any citizen or class
of citizens of tho United States.
My proposition is to provide that—■
No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall deny or abridge to any male citizen of tho Uni-
ted States of the age of twenty-one years or over, and
who is of sound mind, an equal vote at all elections
in the State in which he shall have such actual resi-
dence as shall fee prescribed by law, except to such
as have engaged or may hereafter engage in insur-
rection or rebellion against the United States, and
to such as shall be duly convicted of treason, felony,
or other infamous crime.
These two propositions agree in assuming a
negative form, as it is commonly denominated,
the form of a prohibition as against the exer-
cise of certain powers f)y the States. They
differ, however, in this essential respect. The
committee propose simply to prohibit the States
from making discriminations among the vari-
ous classes of citizens, based upon any of these
three grounds, namely, race, color, or previous
condition of slavery. The objection that I have
to that is one that is almost insuperable to my
own mind, though I say here that if no other
proposition shall be presented and brought to
a final vote, I shall vote for his in the form in
which it is submitted.
But I wish now to express the hope in the
hearing of the gentleman from Massachusetts
and of the House that he may find it best, for
the reason I will now state, to .modify his
own proposition, if the one I have submitted,
or something embodying its principles, shall
not be adopted as an amendment. The con-
sideration which I say seems to me almost, fatal
to his plan is, that it leaves still, substantially,
the great mischief unremedied which the exi-
gencies upon us demand that we shall corx-ect;
and that is, thatit leaves to the States the power
to make discriminations as to who shall vote.
These discrimimations may be on the score of
either intelligence or want of property, or any
other thing than the three things enumerated
"in his proposition.
Mr. Speaker, the event which "has impelled,
by a common instinct, the loyal teind of the
cbuntry to demand of nsany amendmentat this
time relating to suffrage is mainly that one by
which four million of our people have been
suddenly admitted to the rank of free citizens,
and the overwhelming necessity that their loyal
votes should be made available as the basis,
of loyal State governments, and as indispens-
able to the organization of any reliable State
governments in the late rebel States. It is
this wonderful event, one of those which eome
along once in a while in the providence of God,
that has brought upon our country the great
controlling reason for the amendment we con-
sider. The time told of by the murdered Lin-
coln had come when that blood which we dur-
ing two centuries drew by the lash from the
veins of the slave had been compensated by
an equal sea of blood drawn from our veins by
the sword. And when that time had come,
these four million men who were made ignorant
and destitute by those centuries of wrong were
made free. Itis this stupendous fact especially
which calls upon us for this amendment. But,
sir, the body of this race, made ignorant and
destitute by our wrong, may substantially all
be now excluded from the elective franchise
underaqualifieBitkm of intelligence or property,
or any other than the three named in the pend-
ing amendment, which qualification may be
prescribed in -the State laws, and is not pro-
hibited by the gentleman's amendment. I sub-
mit to my distinguished friend that we fail to
come up to the imperative demands which these
momentous eventsimpose upon us if we fail to
meet that exigency to which I have alluded,
and which, in the main, creates the necessity
for this amendment.
Sir, I plead for these people who have been
suddenly thrown by this strange providence
upon the justice of their Government and the
charities of God and their country when I im-
plore that we shall make no mistakes here.
Sir, a mistake here is absolutely fatal. Let it
remain possible, under our amendment, to still
disfranchise the body of the colored • race in
the late rebel States and I tell you it will be
done. It is both impossible and useless to
argue here. The overwhelming and ocean-like
volume of facts which comes to us every single
day of our lives in undissenting voice proves
that the master white race will submit to negro
enfranchisement not an hour longer than com-
pelled to by Federal coercion, or as a necessity
to reacquire admission to national power. And
even now the very delegates here from Vir-
ginia and other States, on the mission of mak-
ing their States seem lovely, loyal, and sub-
missive, have the manliness to say—all of
them—that their people are unanimously and
violently opposed to negro sufferance, and only
yield to it as Lee did to Grant at Appomattox,
as " accepting the situation."
I wish here to-day to put upon record my
solemn warning to my fellow-members against
an act which shall legalize the disfranchisement
of the vast body of the loyal race of the South.
I wish to make here the prediction and the
warning that, should we make our amendment
so that this can be done, then it will be done;
and being done, a loyal State government in
the late confederate States is instantly made to
be impossible. Sir, we may sing and coo as
dulcet as the dove, peace, peace; but the ugly
fact will remain as stern, relentless, and terri-
