THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
from this state of facts in the southern States,
and particularly in the*State of Georgia; my
attention has been called to cases there more
than in any single State. Express companies
and others, the stockholders living in the loyal
States, are sued for property of which they
were deprived by the rebel forces. They wish
to raise the question whether that was the act
of a public enemy so as to exempt them as
common carriers, upon well-settled principles
of law, from liability. The courts of Georgia
do not merely rule against them, but they de-
cline to make any ruling upon which an excep-
tion can be taken upon this question of law,
and submit the case to the jury as a question
of fact., virtually as a question of damages;
and thus juries sitting in State courts find
upon a mere question of quantum meruit, a
mere question of how much was the value of
the goods for which suits are brought. The
purpose and effect of the bill is to enable
defendants thus sued, where they find it neces-
sary to do so in order to raise the question, to
transfer to the Federal courts such actions as
have for their defense the allegation that the
public enemy destroyed the goods, to the end
that that question may go to the Supreme
Court to see whether it falls within the prin-
ciples decided in the prise cases and in other
t cases or not. They insist that the war was of
such a character and such dimensions that at
common law they defend themselves when they
show that the embodied power of the rebellion
deprived them of the goods as much as if
they had fallen into the hands, literally, of a
public enemy—a foreign nation with whom we
were at war. That question, at all events,
they want to raise, i'hat question they are
not permitted to raise even as they might, in
southern tribunals, by the fact that they en-
counter a refusal altogether to rule upon it as
a question of law, and they encounter instruc-
tions from judges under which the case goes as
a question of fact to the jury. Of course, we
all agree that there should be some mode of
ascertaining, and ascertaining in the court of
last resort, this problem of liability ; and un-
less some Senator can suggest a better mode
of doing it than this I do not see how any
objection is to be made to the bill.
Mr. COLE. I suppose the same reason
would apply to the suits or actions brought
against private individuals in the same portion
of the Union. The same argument would hold
good on their behalf.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me one moment there, he will perceive that it
would not, for tho reason that a common car-
rier is a special person. He becomes the in-
surer of all goods taken into his possession
against every possible contingency, except the
act of the public enemy and the act of God.
Therefore, aimed at common carriers, and at
common carriers alone, is this class of actions.
Mr. COLE. 1 suppose actions involving the
same principles, actions involvingthe question
whether properly was destroyed by the public
enemy, may arise on behalf of individuals in
that section of the country, and I have no
doubt they suffer like disadvantages with the
express companies or other corporations ; and
1 do not think it well to make an exception in
favor of these express companies or large cor-
porations which is not to be enjoyed byprivate
citizens less able to take care of themselves.
Mr. CONKLING. If I do not interrupt the
Senator, 1 ask him to allow me to make one
other suggestion. If a private person is sued
as a bailee the defense must be by showing
diligence. He is mulcted in damages only in
case he has been guilty of negligence. There-
fore, no such question arises with him. Bat a
common carrier, to defend himself, must show
either that the act of God, technically, or the
act of the public enemy, as defined by law,
occasioned the loss.
Mr. COLE. Still common carriers are, only
one class of bailees. There are other classes to
which I do not suppose the rule would apply,
and there ought not to be any exception in favor
of large corporations and companies which are
engaged in business as common carriers, and
as such are bailees.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not have the honor
to be present when this bill was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary, nor when it
was considered. Jjt is brought to my attention
now for the first tnne. Grave difficulties occur
to my mind touching our constitutional right
to pass abillofthis description removing causes,
irrespective of the citizenship of the parties,
from the courts of a State to the Federal courts,
if this bill permits it, as on a hasty reading it
appears to me to do.
Mr. CAMERON. That is not the case. The
stockholders of these companies reside, as a
general thing, in the North. It is a mere ques-
tion whether they shall have the right to appeal
to the United States courts as corporations or
not. Many suits are brought against them, and
it is important for their interests that it should
be decided immediately whether they shall
have this right or not. It can do 110 harm, as
I understand, to anybody. 1 feel a desire to
pass the bill because a number of my constitu-
ents are very largely interested in it. As I
have said, they only ask the right to go to an
impartial tribunal, and they cannot have an
impartial decision in the State courts as they
are now organized.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nothing would gratify
me more than to accede to the wishes of my
friend from Pennsylvania, or to see that all
his constituents have fair and impartial jus-
tice ; but I feel compelled, on a bill of this
kind, which involves, as it seems to me, a wide
departure from any previous practice of the
Government, and to my humble apprehension
a very wide departure from the Constitution,
to express my respectful dissent, as anxious as
I am to have the citizens of Pennsylvania have
justice in all courts, and the citizens of Ver-
mont, I should hope, would have the same
justice ; although as to some of them, and pos-
sibly it is so in Pennsylvania, it would not be
to their advantage to have justice. I do not
doubt there is a grievance. That is not the
point to which I rise. I dare say that wrong
is committed, systematic wrong, I may con-
fess, upon these persons in the southern States;
but those are wrongs which are incidental to
the existing condition of things, and we ought
not to violate the Constitution, nor any just and
settled principle of practice under that Consti-
tution, in order to redress them. This bill does
not provide that the parties who are to remove
these cases from the State courts shall be citi-
zens of other States from the plaintiff who
brings the action in the State court. It declares
that the removing provisions of the habeas cor-
pus bill, which extended only to acts done
under the authority of the United States, and
therefore came under tho provisions of the
Constitution, such as have always existed in
one form or other, shall extend—■
To tiny suit or notion afc law and prosecution,
civil or criminal, which has been or shall bo com-
menced in any State courtagainst the owneror own-
ers of any ship or vessel, or of any railway, or ot any
line of transportation, firm, or corporation engaged
in business as common carriers.
It is not limited to citizens of other States
from the States whose courts undertake to
exercise jurisdiction.
Mr. CONKLING. Was the original act?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What original act?
Mr. CONKLING. The act which this bill
amends.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not. The
original act was limited by the subject, and
the subject was not the subject of common car-
riers, but it was the subject of acts done under
the authority of a' law of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow me
to obtain a little information from him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. _ Will_he be kind enough
to point out, as a jurisdictional question, the
distinction between an action brought under
the Constitution or laws of the United States,
as those of which he is speaking, and an action
the defense of which arises exclusively under
the same authority?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to point
out any such distinction if it exists. I do not
say that it does. That is not the point I am
making at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if the honorable
Senator will pardon me, perhaps 1 do not
understand him. If no such distinction ex-
ists, I do not see why, by purity and identity
of reasoning, if we can allow parties who have
actions arising under the laws of the United
States to transfer them, we may not allow de-
fendants whose defenses arise in the same way
to transfer the action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to dispute
that proposition. That is exactly the proposi-
tion which is in the existing law, the habeas
corpus act, which allows any person who de-
fends under the authority of the United States,
under the command of an order of the Presi-
dent of the United States or any of the Depart-
ments—I may not express it in exact detail as
it is, but that is the substance of it—when he
is sued in a State court, to remove that cause
into the United States court, upon the ground
that he is to defend under the authority of Con-
gress. Nobody disputes that proposition. If
this bill proposed to do anything of that kind,
it would be one thing; but as I say, in the first
place, the class of persons who are authorized
to remove causes under the authority of this
bill are not the class of persons referred-to in
the Constitulion or in any previous law. They
are neither citizens of other States, although
they might be by accident, some of them or all
of them—that is not the ground upon which
the bill puts it—nor are they officers or other
persons acting under the authority of the Uni-
ted States, and who, therefore, would be enti-
tled to have redress and defense in a Federal
court. They are common carriers, persons
engaged in private enterprises for their own
profit, and it authorizes them to remove all
suits against them arising out of their business
as carriers—-"where such loss or damage shall
have been occasioned by the acts of those en-
gaged in hostility to the Government of the
United States." What has that to do with the
Constitution ?
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me right there 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my honorable friend
will wait until I get through, he will have an
opportunity to address the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I wanted just at that
point to get an answer to the question 1 pot
before. I do not wish to interrupt the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be through in a
minute. I will give my friend an answer after
I have finished commenting on this particular
clause of the bill.
Now, I repeat, as I was going on to say
when my friend interrupted me, and which "I
do not complain of at all, that the active clause
of this bill, the subject of it, is defenses to suits
brought where the losj or damage was oct-a-
sioned by persons hostile to the United States.
Is ih'at under the authority of the United
Stages? Is that under the authority of any
provision in the Constitution? Is the defense
to be set up under any law of Congress? By
no means. But the defense is—and it is a
good one everywhere if you could have justice
in State courts and from State juries—that the
loss incurred by the common carrier happened
through the act of the public enemy; and a
rebellion of the proportions that this one was
must certainly come within that definition. So
nobody questions that these compauies, under
the circumstances named in the bill, have a de-
fense to the suit; butthe question is,whether, as
citizens of the United States or citizens of any
particular State, they must not seek their re-
dress and make their defense in those tribunals
that the Constitution has appointed for them.
That is the question ; and to my humble appre-
hension the Constitution of the United States,
which points out most carefully and most ex-
plicitly the class of cases in which the Federal
courts are authorized to interfere, denies to these
persons, as hard and as unfortunate as it may
be from local circumstances, the right to remove
