1276
THE OOMxRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
February 16,
lea/ve of absence.
Leave of absence from this evening's session
was granted to Mr. Kerr, on account ot illness.
Mr. HARDING asked and obtained leave
of absence for live days.
The hour of half past four o' clock p. ra. having
armed," the House, pursuit to order, took a
recess uijtil half past seven o'clock p. m.
evening session.
internal taxes.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order,
at half past soven o'clock p. m,, in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
s^ofiep) in the chair,) and resumed the con-
federation of the bill (H. R. No. 3060) to re-
duce into one act and to amend the laws relating
to internal taxes.
The pfndirig question was on the following
.amendment to the amendment of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, offered by Mr. Schenck
last evening;
Page 8& seodon sixty-seven, line five, strike out
the words" and shall be" and insert "and all stamps
fox packages of ojio pound and move in weight shall
indorsed, and there shall be a blank space for the
written signature of the collector to whom they may
bo furnished. Aregistry shall be kept of the amounts
and of the number of stamps furnish od to any col-
fector,^.ndair§tamps representing the tax on tobacco
or snuff shall be; " so that the section will read:
Skq. 67. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
rnmoner of"Internal Rcvenao shall caugo to be pro-
pared suitable and special revenue stamps for pay-
ment ot the tax on tobacco and snuff, which stamps
shall indicate the weicchfc and class of the article on
which payment is to be made; and all stamps for
packages of one pound and more in weight shall be
indorsed, and there shall be a blank space lor the
written signature of the collector to whom they may
be furnishod. A registry shall be kept of the amount
and of tho number of stamps furnished to any col-
lector; and aU stamps representing the tax on to-
bacco or enuff shall he affixed and canceled in the
'mode prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and stamps when used on any woodon
package shall be canceled by sinking a portion of
tho same into the wood with a steel die, <fec.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was on the following
amendment to the amendment of the Com-
mittee of Ways aud Means, offered last even-
ing by Mr. Scubnck.:
Page 86, section sixty-seven, lines nine and ton,
strike out the words "also such warehouse stamps
as are required by this act. which." and insert in lieu
thereof "and such 5" so as to road j
And such stamps shall be furnished to tho col-
lectors of internal revenue requiring the same, who
shall each keepatall times a supply equal in amount
to three months'sa^es thereof, and shall sell thosatno
only to the manufacturers of tobacco and snuff in
their respective districts who have given bonds as
required by law, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means:
Page 87, section sixty-seven, lines nineteen and
twenty, strike out the words " on the 1st day of Jan-
uary, A. 0. i860," and insert in lieu thereof "manu-
factured prior to the 23d day of November, 1868, and
manufacturers und other persons authorized by this
section to purchase stamps shall purchase only of
the collectors within their respective districts."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON also moved to amend tlielast
clause of section sixty-seven of the priutod
amendment so that it will read as follows:
And every collector shall keep an account of tho
numbers or the stamp, and of the amount and de-
nominate values of stamps sold by him to each man-
ufacturer and to each of the other persons above
described.
The amendment was agreed to.
^ Mr. ALLISON also moved to amend section
sixty-seven of the printed amendment by add-
ing to it the following:
But no stamps shall be affixed to any package by
.any manufacturer, owner, consignee, or other person
us foresaid unless purchased directly of the collector
of the district in which the same is used.
• ^,r' ALLISON also moved amendments to
section sixty-nine o¥ the printed amendment,
which were agreed to, so that the section would
read as follows:
Skc. 09, Andbe i! further enacted. That any manu-
facturer 0 f tobacco or snuff who shall remove any
tobacco or snuff otherwise than as provided bylaw
without the proper stampsdeuoHtig the.tax thereon
or without 'hafing paid thespecia?! tax, orgiven bond
as required by law, or who shall make false or fraud-
ulent entries of manufactures or sales of tobacco or
snuff, or who shall make false or fraudulent entries
of the purchase or sales of leaf tobacco, tobacco
stems, or other material, or who shall affix any false,
forged, fraudulent, spurious, or counterfeit stamp,
or imitation of any stamp required by this act, or
any stamp not purchased by him of tho collector of
the district,.to any box or package containing any
tobacco or snuff, shall, in addition to the penaltiet
elsewhere provided in this act for such offenses, forfeit
to the United States all the rawmaterial and manu-
factured or partly manufactured tobacco and snuff,
and all machinery, tools, implements, apparatus, fix-
tures, boxes, and barrels, and all other materials
whicn shallbe found in the possession of such person,
in the manufactory of such person, or elsewherp.
Mr. ALLISON also moved an amendment
to section seventy-four, of the printed amend-
ment, which was agreed to, so that the section
would read as follows:
Sec. 74. And be it further enacted, That manufac'r
tured tobacco and snulf may be removed in bond
from the manufactory, without payment of the tax,
to be transported directly to an export bonded ware-
house for the storage of manufactured tobacco or
snuff established at a poitof entry as hereinbefore
provided; and the deposit in and withdrawal from
any bonded warehouse, the transportation and ex-
portation of manufactured tobacco and snuff, shall
be made under such rules and regulations and alter
making such entries and executing such bonds and
giving such other additionalsucurity as may be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
AU the entries for transportation or exportation shall
bo in triplicate, and shall contain the name of the
person applying toexport, thenameof the manufac-
turer, tho name of the vessel by which, and the name
of the port to which they are to he exported. AU
tobacco and snuff intended for export, before being
removed from tho manufactory, shall have affixed to
each package an. engraved stamp indicative of such
intention, to bo provided, and furnished to the sev-
eral collectors as in the case of other stamps, and to
be charged to theiu and accounted for in the same
manner; and for tho expense attending the provid-
ing and affixing such stamps twenty-five cents for
each package so stamped shall be paid to the col-
lector on making the entry for such transportation;
but the provisions of this section shall not limit the
tiiuo for tobacco or snuff to remain in bond.
Mr. ALLISON moved that section seventy-
seven of the printed amendment be amended
by striking out the following words:
And until the 1st day of October, 1868, all manu-
factured-tobacco and snuff (not including cigars)
imported from foreign countries shall be plaoed by
the owner, importer, or consignee thereof in a bonded
warehouse of the United States at the place of im-
portation, in tho sarnc^ manner and under rules us
provided for warehousing goods imported into the
United States, and shail not be withdrawn from such
warehouse nor bo entered for consumption or trans-
portation in the United States prior to the said 1st
day of Octobor, 1868.
The section as amended would read as
follows :
Sko. 77. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act, all manufactured tobacco
and snuff (not meluding oigars) imported from for-
eign countries, after the passage of this act, shall, in
addition to the import duties imposed on tho same,
pay the tax prescribed by this act for like kinds of
tobacco andsnuff manufactured in the United .States,
and have the same stamps respectively affixed, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON also moved amendments to
section seventy-eight of the printed -amend-
ment, which were adopted} which would make
the section read as follows :
Sec. 78. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act it shall bo the duty of
every dealer in manufactured tobacco having on
hand more than twenty pounds, and every dealer in
snuff having on hand more than ten pounds, to im-
mediately make a true and correct inventory of the
amountof such tobacco and snulf respectively, under
oath or affirmation, and to deposit such inventory
with tho assistant assessor of the proper division,
who shall immediately return the same to tho
assessor of the district, who shall immediately there-
after make an abstract of the several inventories
filed in his office, and transmit such abstract to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and a like in-
ventory and return shall be made on the first day of
every month thereafter, and a like abstract of in-
ventories shall be transmitted while any such dealer
has tobacco or snuff remaining on hand manufac-
tured in the United State?, or imported prior to the
passage of this act, and not stamped. After the
passage of this act all smoking, fine-cut chewing
tohacco, or snuff, or othor manufactured tobacco of
any description, shall not be sold or offered for sale
unless put up in packages and stamped as prescribed
by this act, except at retail by retail dealers from
wooden packages stamped as provided for in this
act; and any person who shall sell or offer for sale
after the passage of this act any smoking, fine-cut
chewing tobacco, or snuff, or other manufactured
tobacco not so put up in packages and stamped,
shall, on conviction, be fined not Less than $500 nor
more than $5,000, arid impiisoued not lee* than  ix
months nor more than two years.
Mr. ALLISON also moved an amendment
to section eighty of the printed amendment,
which was adopted, and which would make the
section read as follows:
Sec. 80. And be it further enacted, That all manu-
factured tobacco and snuff, manufactured prior to
the passage of this act, and held-in bond at the time
of its passage, may be sold for consumption in the
original packages, with the proper stamps for the
amount of tho tax thereon affixed and canceled as
required by law; and any person who shall, after the
passage of this act. offer for sale any to'bacco orsnuff,
in packages of a different size from those limited and
prescribed by this act, representing the^ame to have
been held in bond at the time of the passage of this
act, when the same was not so held in bond, shall,
on conviction, be fined fifty dollars for each package
in respect to which such offense shall be committed:
Provided, That after the passage of this act no such
tobacco or snuff shall be sold or removed for sale or
consumption from any bonded warehouse unless put
up in packages and stamped as provided by this act.
Mr. ALLISON also moved to amend the
printed amendment by inserting, after section
seventy-eight the following:
And be it further enacted, That any person having
in his possession any tobacoo, snuff, or cigars manu-
factured prior to the 23d day of November, 1868, and
not stamped, shall within thirty days after the pas-
sage of this act make a statement of the class, weight,
and number of the packages of tobacco, snuff, and
cigars which constituted his inventoried stock on
the 1st day of February, 1869, deducting therefrom
that which from any cause may have been sold or
removed since that period, and an exact statement
of the class, weight, and number of the pack ages into
which it may be required to be repacked, which
statement shall be made under oath or affirmation to
the assistant assessor, who shall make careful and
personal examination thereof and compare the same
with his inventory, and if found to becorreot make
oath or animation of the same to the assessor of the
district, who shall immediately make a true and cor-
rect abstract of said statement and transmit said
abstract to tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
And be it further enacted. That the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall immediately alter the
passage of this act cause to be prepared suitable and
special stamps, which shall indicate the weight and
class of tobacco, snuff, or cigars on which the tax has
been paid, but which have not been stamped as pro-
vided by law, which stamps, shall be furnished only
to the collectors of internal revenue requiring the
same; and shall be issued by the collector to the
assistant assessor of the proper division upon a writ-
ten application made to the collector by the owner
of any such unstamped tobacoo or snuff, whereof an
inventory and statement has been made and upon
which tho tax has been paid; and the assistant
assessor shall affix said stamps to the packages of
such tobacco or snuff on which a duty has been paid
and which has been returned in tk^ inventory pro-
vided for in the preceding section; and any tobacco
or snuff not in packages as prescribed bv law shall
be repacked and stamped as above provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend section
eighty-one of the amendment by striking out
after the word "cigarettes,'' in line six, the
words " weighing not exceeding three pounds
per thousand, $1 50 per thousand," and in-
serting " of paper, weighing not exceeding one
pound and four ounces per thousand, forty
cents per thousand; on cigarettes of paper
exceeding one pound and four ounces, and not
exceeding three pounds per thousand, $1 50
per thousandso as to make the paragraph
read:
On cigars of all descriptions, made of tobacco or
any substitute therefor, live dollars per thousand;
on cigarettes of paper weighing not exceeding one
pound and four ounccs per thousand, forty cents per
thousand; on cigarettes of paper exceeding one pound
and four ounces and not exceeding three pounds per
thousand, SI 50 per thousand; when exceeding three
pounds per thousand, five dollars per thousand.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by insert-
ing a proviso after the first clause of section
eighty-five of the amendment; so as to make
the section read as follows:
Sec. 85. And be it further enacted, That from and
after tho passage of this act all cigars shall be packed
in boxes, not before used for that purpose, contain-
ing, respectively, twenty-five, fifty, one hundred, two
hundred and fifty, or five hundred cigars each : Pro-
vided, That forcigarettes of paper, weighing not ex-
ceeding onepound and four ounces per thousand, the
usual paper wrappers shall be held to be a box ; and
any person who shall sell or offer for sale, or dHiver
or offer to deliver, any cigars in any other form than
in new boxes as above described, or who shail p.tck
in any box any cigars in excess of tho number pro-
vided by law to be put in each box, respectively, or
who shall falsely brand any box, or who shall affix a
stamp on any box denoting a less amount of tax than
that required by law, shall, upon conviction lor any
of the above-described,offenses, bo fined for e i-ch su< h
, offense not less than $lu0 nor more than SI,000, and
j be imprisoned not less than six months nor more
' than two years: Provided, That nothing in this ■sec-
