1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. of Reps.
examine with caution and candor the ground
we build on; let ua violate no feature of repub-
licanism, no principle of equal justice to all
men. This is the only safe foundation for
human governments.
Equality of the States, their " equal footing"
in their relations to the General Government,
must also be maintained. The republican char-
acter of each State ought now to pass under the
scrutiny of the people of the United States.
By their Constitution they have bound them-
selves to guaranty to the people of each State
a republican form of government; and I doubt
not, Mr. Speaker, that when this amendment
.is presented to them for their ratification they
will, in passing upon it, accept it as coming
from the hands of those who went forth from
them, (but to return no more,) to vindicate the
cause of freedom ; accept it as something in
return for their unutterable, patriotic sacrifices.
And they will tell thehonorableg^ntleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] that "the argu-
ment that the Federal Government, the people,
and all the States have acquiesced so longin the
exercise of this power by the several States"
(of depriving a portion of their fellow-citizens
of their immunities) "is not conclusive."
They will tell him that because past genera-
tions have done wrong it is no excuse for them
to do so ; or that because their fathers pow-
dered their hair, wore queues, and ruffled
bosoms it is not a "conclusive argument" that
the fourth generation should do so. The great
national question which presents itself for set-
tlement is, What is a republican form of gov-
ernment? This has been so ably answered
by eminent gentlemen who have preceded me
that it will be tedious to hear the few observa-
tions I may make. The antecedents of the
Democratic party, extending back for years,
are such as to unfit it as a party to come to a
proper judgment. The accumulated voice of
the whole people must decide. Their senti-
ments in the present condition of things must
be developed through the Republican party.
- The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
the Republican party has a vast deal yet to ac-
complish, and is responsible for what this
Congress and the next administration do. I
was glad to hear so influential a member of
tie party touch upon this point, for it seems
to me it has not yet settled itself upon a solid,
determined basis, notwithstanding the rapid
advances it has made in brushing away the old
cobwebs of aristocracy, and in securing to a
great extent the civil and political rights of
the humblest of our people. If I may be
allowed to say it, and I do not utter it in a
spirit of criticism either specially or generally,
had that great party, I mean as a mass, stood
firmly up to that exalted position in which
it found itself at the close of the war, without
wavering, halting, or undue leniency to the
enemies of the country which its valor and
patriotism alone saved, and turned half as
deaf an ear or hard a heart to those who
croaked about tyranny and oppression were
dumb to reason and flint to magninimity, re-
construction would have been an easy task
compared with the herculean laborithas been,
though so nobly performed, and the Repub-
lican party would have increased by thou-
sands.
But to my question. Is the theory of human
rights well understood even at the present day ?
Not many years since the editor of the New
iork Herald traveled over bog and quagmire,
sea and flood, and into the dark caverns and
caves of our ocean of literature, and into the
myths and depths of ancient history, to dis-
cover what our fathers meant when they de-
clared that all men were equal, free, and inde-
pendent, and endowed by their Creator—mark,
endowed by their Creator—with certain in-
alienable rights, &e. That editor held and
an<^ was f°"owec' by a great majority
or his party, that common men who had not
we ability and opportunity to dive into the
wells of knowledge and reach back into the
mysteries of the history of the race were not
competent to form a correct sense as to the
meaning of the proposition, or to whom it
applied, to all men or to only a part. The prop-
osition is self-evident, and so say our fathers.
It was just as true before it saw the light of
liberty blazing through the fires of successful
revolution on independence day as it was then,
or is now, and is just as intelligible to the
humblest individual as it is to the most ex-
alted, and perhaps more so. Admit the
equality of men in natural rights, and you con-
fess their equality in all other rights. If all
men have equal rights without regard to classi-
fication, or equal natural rights, as they are
called, does it not follow that they must have
the equal right to the means of protecting
these rights, which is termed a political right—
the ballot, which is the "palladium of our
rights and liberties," as is universally con-
ceded ?
The gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge,] with fervent eloquence, says, and I
agree with him in the main :
" Sir, the powers and rights and liberties of the
States and people do not come down from Congress
or the Federal Government. There are some powers
with which Congress has not been intrusted. Con-
gress cannot determine just how much of liberty the
people shall enjoy, just how they shall speak and
move and breathe. All the powers of the Federal
Government come up from the States and people, and
it never had and it never can have the rightful au-
thority to_ exercise any power not granted in and by
the Constitution. The exercise of any other is rank
usurpation."
Here in this country, thank Heaven, the peo-
ple are sovereign, and "voxpopuli" is the law
of the land. Government is the creature of
the people. Constitutions, powers, limitations,
and rights " do not come down from Congress,
the General Government," or the States, but
comedown from the people. Therefore, neither
Legislatures, nor States, nor Congress, nor
the United States can "determine just how
much of liberty the people shall enjoy," nor
discriminate as to the equal possession of equal
rights by men. '1 The servant is not above his
master," nor the creature greater than the cre-
ator. Can men, equal men, "endowed by their
Creator with equal inalienable rights," say one
to another, "thus far shalt thou go and no
further," and go beyond himself; or, "This
only thou shalt possess," and claim more for
himself?
Here the unreasonable reasoning of some
gentlemen makes itself apparent. As if I
should say to my neighbor citizen, " Our rights
are equal and stand upon the same foundation,
but you have not the same right to the means
of protecting yours." Here, I take it, is also
shown the unsoundness of the theory that
would make suffrage a privilege instead of a
right. John Bright, of England, makes it a
right, not merely a privilege. " If a privi-
lege," asks John Hamilton, of Pennsylvania,
" by whom granted or conferred? By one of
superior to one of inferior rights? If a right,
who would venture to withhold it but He that
conferred, even the Creator, who has ' en-
dowed all men' equally ' with certain inalien-
able rights?' To speak of it as a privilege sup-
poses at once inequality of rights." Again he
says, and he has bestowed upon the subject of
human rights an abundance of thought:
"The right to vote is included in and growing out
of equality of other rights; equality of one class of
rights supposes equality of all others; otherwise, at
what point will inequality begin ? The Creator, who
has the only right to make a difference, has not made
it. Xfor one class to assume superiority of rights leads
to endless confusion of ideas. Human constitutions
are not the fountain-head of law. The harmony, the
truth of things, as it oomes from the Divine head, the
only sovereign law-giver, is law."
Mr. Hamilton says, and I ask to quote him
a little further:
" Government is an ordinance of God. The church,
the family, and the State organizations are instru-
ments in the hands of the Divine head for governing
the world and building up the kingdom of Christ.
No authority in ohurcn or State or family, can of
right assume powers not delegated by the Creator and
head of all things. The people are to ' submit to the
powers that be,' to honor the king, and to be in sub-
jection to governors and magistrates as unto those
who are sent by Him 'for the punishment of them
that do evil and a praise to them that do well:' as to
ministers of God assuming no powers but suchas arl
delegated—dealing out justice to all without partial-
ity, as to children of one common parent. Now, if we
have established thedoctrine of equal rights and equal
protection for all men, what are the obligations of
Governments to secure these rights and this protec-
tion to all citizens or subjects; and what the advan-
tages of a faithful guarantee of the blessings of liberty
to all men ? Both are greater than we are apt to
believe. W hile it remains a law of Divine economy,
that righteousness exalteth a nation and sin is &
reproach to any people,' both the advantages and
the obligations will be very great; and blessed is that
people whose God is the Lord."
Grotius assures us that " God approved and
ratified the salutary constitutions of govern-
ment made by men;" and Demosthenes de-
clares that—
"The design and object of laws is to ascertain what
is just, honorable, and expedient; and when that is
discovered it is proclaimed as a general ordinance,
equal and impartial to all."
Algernon Sidney maintains that—
" The Israelites, Spartans, and Romans
And, of course, Americans also—
"whoframed their Governments according to their
own will, did not do it by any peculiar privilege, but
by a universal rightconferred upon them byGod and
nature. They were made of no better clay than
others; they had no right that does not as well belong
to other nations. That is to say, the constitution of
every Government is referred to those who are con-
cerned in it, and no other has anything to do with it.
' The welfare of the people is the supreme law.'"
Allow me one other reference. The cele-
brated Beccaria writes that—
" In every human society there is an effort continu-
ally tending to confer on one part the height of power
andhappiness, and to reduce the other to the extreme
of weakness and misery. The intent of good laws is
to oppose this effort, and to diffuse their influence
universally and equally. In a free State every man,
who is supposed a free agent, ought to be concerned
in his own Government; therefore the legislative
power should reside in the whole body of the people.
The political liberty of the citizen is a tranquillity of
mind, arising from the opinion each person has of
his safety. In order to have this liberty, it is requi-
site the Government be so constituted as that one
man need not be afraid of another. The enjoyment
of liberty, and even its support and preservation,
consists in every man's being allowed to speak his
thoughts and lay open his sentiments."
And I may add, in every citizen's possessing
the highest, most sacred right of manhood-suf-
frage, which by this amendment to the Consti-
tution we hope to secure to him. Mr. Speaker,
do I make too broad an assertion in saying that
the very fundamental basis of this Government
is suffrage, the ballot, the means by which the
people manifestand execute their will ? Laws
are a dead letter without the means to execute
them ; the will of the people would be worth-
less without the means to express it. The will
of the people recently expressed through their
great charter, fourteenth article, first para-
graph, is as follows:
"All persons born in the United States, and sub-
ject to the jurisdiction thereof, a,re citizens of the
United States and of the States in which they re-
side."
Congress is the guardian of the Constitu-
tion ; it is sworn to see that its provisions are
observed both by the States and by the United
States; that no State encroaches upon the
rights of that portion of the people residing
within the borders of a State; it is the guard-
ian of the rights and liberties of the entire
people of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I
am not one of those who esteem the Constitu-
tion as above the nation. I was not one of
those who, from fear of violating the Constitu-
tion to prevent it, would have permitted trea-
son to stamp it under rebellion's foot while
traitors and rebels held their bloody carnival all
over the land. I speak with all deference of
that sacred and inspired instrument; but I ask,
in all seriousness, what would the Constitution
be worth without this Government? Not the
parchment on which it is written. I think we
"have heard Thaddeus Stevens, whose vener-
able presence in this chamber imparted a sol-
