1869.
THE CONGBEBSIOMAL GLOBE.
mt
tion shall be construed as preventing the sale of
cigars at retail by retail dealers who have j>aid the
special tax as such from boxes packed, stamped,and
branded in the manner prescribed by Jaw. v
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend section
eighty-seven oi the amendment by gtrikiag out
after the words " on band/' in line fifteen, the
words 11 on the 1st day of January, A. D. 186$,''
and inserting in lieu thereof the following;
And no manufacturer of cigars, nor any importer
of cigars, shall purchase such stamps from any person
other than the collector within whdse district such
manufacturer may carry on his business, or within
whose district imported cigars may be liable to tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move further to amend
by adding to the proviso at the end of section
eighty-seven of the amendment so a3 to make
the proviso read as follows:
Provided, Th it from and after the passage of
this act the duty on all cigars imported into the
United States from foreign countries shall be$250per
pound and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem, exeept
cigarettes of paper weighingnot exceedihgone pound
and four ounces per thousand, on which the duty
Khali be §1 50 per thousand: And provided further+
That a!! cigars now hehj in. any bonded warehouse
of the United States subject to imp jrt duty shall pay
the s^medaty as though imported after the passage
of this af^. , .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
following sections:
Sec 99. And be it further enacted. That anyperson
who shall simulate or falsely or fraudulently exe-
cute or sign any bond, permit, entry, or other docu-
ment required by the provisions of this act, or by
any regulation made in pursuance thereof, or who
shall procure the same to be falsely or fraudulently
executed, or who shall advise, aid in, or connive at
the execution thereof, shall, on conviction, bo im-
prisoned for a term not less than one year nor more
tbanfive years, andthe property to which such false
or fraudulent instrument relates shall be forfeited.
Sec. 100. And beit further enacted, That every col-
lector having chargc of any warehouse in which dis-
tilled spirits, tobacco, or other artieies are stored in
bond, shall render a monthly account of all such
articles to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
which account shall be examined and adjusted
monthly by him so as to exhibit a true statement
of the liability and responsibility of every suchcol-
lectoron such account. Iu adjusting such account
the collector shall be eharged with all the articles
which may base- been deposited or received uadcr
the,provisions of.iawin any warehouse inhisdistnet
and under his control, and shall be credited with all
such articles shown to have been removed therefrom
according to law, including transfers to other col-
lectors and to his successor in office, and also what-
ever allowances may have been made in accordance
with law to any owner of such goods or articles for
leakage or other losses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
following from the original bill:
Sfc. 57. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
arismg under the internal revenue laws where, in-
stead of commencing or proceeding with a suit in
court, it may appear to the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue to be for the interest of the United
Statesto compromise the same, heis empowered and
authorized to make such compromise with the advice
and consent of t^e solicitor of internal revenue,
whose opinion in the case, wi*h the reasons therefor,
shall be given in writing and delivered to the Oom-
inissionet; and in every case where a compromise is
raaile there shall be placed on file, in theofficeof the
Commiss oner, the opinion of the solicitor, together
with a statement of the amount of tax assessed, th£
awountct additional tax Or penalty imposed by law
in eonsequencc of the neglect or delinquency of the
person against whom the tax is assessed, and'the
amount actually paid in accordance with the terms
ot the compromise; but nosaeh compromise shall be
made of any case after a suit or proceeding in court
lifts been commenced without the recommendation
also of the di.-U'iot aitornes for the judicial district
in which the suit or proceeding is pending, or of such
other compel as m.iy be employed to conduct or
jpfosecute the same on the part ot the United State?,
When any sum is paid in li«-u of penalty or forfeit-
ure, without suit or before judgment, as provided
for in this or any other section, no less sum shall be
received by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
or other collecting officer, than twW. the amount or
theregulartax: Provided, Thatitshall bo 1 awful for
the court at any stage of such suit or criminal pro-
ceeding to continue the same, for good cause shown,
on notice of the district attorney.
And transfer from the amendment the fol-
lowing section to take its place:
Sr.c. 101. And bn it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and Ctftnmisjfslonfer of Internal
Kevenue are authorised and empowered to alter*
renew, or change the form, stylo, and device of any
stamp, mark, or iafrel used under any provision of
the laws relating to distilled spirits, to&aoeo, snuff,
and cigars, when in their judgment necessary &r ths
collection of revenue tas,of the p¥£*eiiti6£ or
tion of frauds thereon; and to make and publ ish each
regulations for the use of such mark,stamp, or label
as they may find requisite. Butin no'casesnangnch
renewal or change extend to the abandonment of
the general character of the stamps provided for in
this act, nor to the dispensing with any provisions
requiring that such stamps shall be kept in book form
and have thereof the signatures of revenue officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. AIXISON. I move, in section' one
hundred and two, page 116, lines six and seven,
to strike out With the advice and consent of
the Secretary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move bo; strike out the
following sections : v
Sbc. 103. AtidbeU farther enacted. That yfhen any
tax is imposed, and the mode or time of assessment
or collection is not provided for, the same shall be
established by regulation of the Commissioner of
Interna] Revenue; and the Commissioner is author-
ized to make all such regulations, not otherwise pro-
vided for. as may become necessary by reason of any
change of law in relation to internal revenue made
by this a«$„ , .
Sec. 104. And he it further enacted, That where not
otherwise distinctly expressed or manifestly incom-
patible with the intent thereof, the word "person/*
as used in this act, shall be construed to mean and
iuclude a firm,partnership, association, company, or
corporation, as well a? a natural person; and words
ot the masculine gender, as applied to persons, to
mean ami-include the feminine gender; and the siu-
fular number to mean and include the plural num-
er; and the word "Stateto mean and include a
Territory and thcDistriet of Columbia: and tbeword
"county" to mean and include parish, district, or
other equivalent territorial subdivision of a State.
Sec. 105. Andbeitfurther enacted, That all actsand
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed: Provided, Thatall the pro-
visions of said acts shall be in force for levying and
collecting all taxes properly assessed or liable to be
assessed, or accruing under the provisions of former
acts, the right to which has already accrued or which
may hereafter accrue under said acts, and maintain-
ing. continuing, and enforcing liens,fines, penalties,
and forfeitures incurred under and by virtue thereof.
And this act shall not be construed to affect any act
done, right accrued, or penalty incurred, under
former acts, but every such right is hereby saved:
and all suits and prosecutions for acts already done
in violation of any former act or^ acts Congress,
relating to the subjects embraced in this act, may be
commenced or proceeded with in like manner as if
this act had not been passed: And provided further.
That no office created by the said acts and continued
by this act shall be vacated by reason of any pro-
visions herein contained, but the officers heretofore
appointed shall continue to hold the said offices
withoutreappointment until their successors or oth er
officers to perform their duties, respectively. ?hatl be
appointed as provided in thisact: And provided fur-
ther, That whenever the duty imposed by any exist-
ing law shall cease in consequence of auy limitation
therein contained before tue respective provisions
of this act shall take effect, the same duty ortaxshall
be, and is hereby, continued until such provisions of
this act shall take effect; and where any act is hereby
repeated, no duty or tax imposed thereby shall be
held to cease in consequence of suohrepenl. until the
respective corresponding provisions of this act shall
take effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike oat the
following sections:
Sec. 10*. And be it further enacted. That all pro-
visions of thisact which require the use *of Ptar^ps
shall take effect at the end of sixty days from the
passage of thisact: Provided, That if at any time
prior to the expiration of the said sixty days it shall
be shown to the satisfaction of the Seeietary of the
Treasury that a longer delay is necessary for the
preparation and due delivery ot any of such stamps,
he shall he authorized to fix a day not later than the
1st day of December next for patting said provis-
ions relative to the use of either of such stamps into
operiui&n, and shall give public notice of the day so
fixed and determined upon, which day shall then be
held and taken to be the time when that pornon of
this act which required the uso of stamps shall have
effect.
Seo. 109. And be it further enacted. That so much of
all acts and parts of acts as impose any internal
revenuetax on illuminating or other mineral oil,
and on the product of the distillation, redistillation,
or refining of crude petroleum, or of crude oil pro-
duced by a single distillation of coal, sfeals, peat,
asphaltum, or other bituminous substances, together
with all provisions relating to returns, assessment,
warehousing, and bonding, and all other provisions
for determining the quantity of mineral oil distilled,
fbf the purposes of securing the payment of the tax
thereon, be, and the same are hereby, repealed; and
no tax imposed hy existing laws on such mis or
products in the hands of the producer ®r manufac-
turer or his agent or agents at the passage of this
act, and unsold, shall be collected r tmi distillers
and refiners of mineral oils shall be considered jus
manufacturers and subject to the tax on sales pro-
vided for in the fourth section of the act to exempt
certain manufacturers from internal^ tax, and tor
other purposes, approved March 81,1863.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr,' ALOSOrM. I motr^ in Recfioft ««M|
Koe twenty nine, ftftwthe word '*storekeeper/?
to insert " or transfer 4hy gauger or store-
keeper." *
The amendment was ngreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move, in, SpctibiioOehun-
dred and three of the original bill, tot Strike
out the words "other manner as the Cornnil4-
sioner of Internal Kevenue may by general
regulation prescribesad insert in fieri thereof
" mechanical or other manner in any case
the Commissioner of Infernal Revenue itiav by
regulation prescribeso that ft .will read
Sec. 103. And beil further enax-leA, That is any and
alt eases where an' adhesive stamii shall be used for
denoting the payment of any tax imposed by law;
except as may De otherwise provided, the person
making, delivering, or givingtheinstrument. matter,
or thing to bo taxed shall so affix the stamp or stamps
denoting said tax, that the entire surface thereof
shall he exposed to view* and shall eaneel the same
by writing with ink upon each and every stamp so
used the initials of Ms name and the date upon whieil
the name shall he affixed or used, so that tin* same
may not again be used, or in such roeohaaieal or other
manner, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move, on page 156. lilies
twenty-nine and thirty, to strike 0)it " within
twelve months after making and issuing there-
of" and insert " within six months after the
passage of this act, or within twelve months
after the issuing or making of such instru-
ments.n
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON". I move further to amend
section two hundred and eighty-nine, line two,
by striking out "January" attd inserting
"July."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move farther to amend
section two hundred and eighty-nine by insert-
ing in line thirty one, after the word proposes,
the words "except section one hundred and
sixty-eight of said act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move further to amend
the same section in line fifty-six by filling the
blank with the word "three."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move further to amend
the game section in line fifty-seven by inserting
after the word "herewith" the words "also ah'
act entitled 'An act imposing taxes or distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,' .
approved July 20, 1868."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move further to amend
the same section by adding at the end tke fol-
lowing :
This act shall not be construed to affect any act
done, risht accrued, or penalty inenrred under former
acts, and every such right is hereby saved.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move further to amend
the original bill by striking out th$ following
from section eighty-six:
Compounders of liquors shall each pay_twenty-Sye
dollars. Every person who, without recfifyiof?; puri-
fying, or refining distilled spirits, shall, by raising
such spirits, wine, or cider with any materials,.manu-
facture any spurious, imitation, or compound liquors
for sale under the name of whisky, brandy, gin, ram,
wine, spints. cordials, or wiae bitter', or any other
name, shall be regarded as a compounder of liquors.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. There was an amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] which, by unanimous consent, was
reserved. If he is now prepared he can renew it.
Mr. HQLMAN; I < believe debate is-closed
on this proposition, so th&$ I have no right to
be heard upon it. I move to add on page oM
the following section:
&BC. —. And be 11 further matted. That there shall
be levied, coi'eeted. aud p>aid annually a tax of -ten
per cent, on the interest accruing on all bonds issued
by theVntted States, to be withheld by the proper
oHicer of the Treasury from the interest paid at the
time of the payment thereof. Tlie tax hereby
vided for shall be withheld from Use iiitcre^t becom-
ing-due on such bonds on and alter the 1st day of
May, Km
The question being taken on tfeG amendment,
there were—ayes 10, noes44; noqoornm voting.
Mr. HOLM AN. I suppose there will be no
