102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
Ho. OF pieps.
Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Broomall.
40thCong. ..3d Sess.
emnity to its atmosphere, say that "The Con-
stitution was made for the Government, not
the Government for the Constitution."
Did thejreneration made illustrious by the
possession of Washington, Madison, Hamilton
and Jefferson, intend by this emanation of their
wisdom to bind succeeding generations hand
and foot? They well knew that the ever-chang-
ing necessities of a great people could not be
anticipated, and therefore we find in our Magna
Cliarta the following thoughtful provision,
upon which I so confidently rely for this neces-
sary amendment:"
"Article V.—The Congress, whenever two thirds
of both Houses shall deem it necessary,shall propose
amendments to this Constitution."
Deeming it to be demanded by that inexor-
able master, necessity, we propose it to the
people, and our work is done. To those who
claim that this is an encroachment on the
States, I would say that the States are inde-
pendent only to such extent as the Union is
independent; and I trust that such evidences
will be made to appear upon State and Federal
Constitutions, " in proof as clear as holy writ,''
as do the million untimely graves which fur-
row all the South, of the dangerous dogma of
State's rights, and the atonement for the de-
privation of the rights by Himself endowed of
any of God's children.
The theory of centralization, or the polity
advocated by Alexander Hamilton at the form-
ation of the Government, and which subjected
him to the unjust criticisms of the statesmen
of that age, of establishing a strong central
government as the best means to secure the
liberties, the safety, and the unity of the peo-
ple, the States, and the country, is seen no
longer to be, if ever, a dangerous one. The
theory of arbitrary States rights in a national
government, of which those States constitute
not a distinct but an integral party, so long
and sq warmly advocated by the Democratic
party, especially in the South, has indeed
proved a dangerous one—almost fatal to our
national existence, upon which hinges the
future freedom, glory, strength, and prosperity
of all the States, and the high destiny of the
Union.
Let us heed the lessons taught by the recent
past, and recognize the equal manhood of all
" created in the image of God." All men were
brought into existence by the same common
Creator, all placed upon the same common
footing, and all are alike responsible to divine
laws and to human government, and all should
possess the same mutual advantages to meet the
same common obligations. And must we even
go to the Constitution of the United States or to
those of the States for theauthority to incorpo-
rate the just provisions of this amendment into
the fundamental law of the land? May wenot,
should we not, rather, go to that source whence
constitutions come and who create States—the
people? The successful accomplishment of
that gigantic end, the establishment of uni-
versal suffrage in the reconstructed States, and
the triumphant vindication of its justice and
wisdom by the freedmenwhom it raised to full
citizenship from a condition worse than vassal-
age, should be a most powerful incentive to
the spreading of this benign blessing over all
the land.
Our ears are still ringing with the cry from
the North and from the South, from that party
which has opposed, still opposes, every step of
progress taken by the Republican party toward
the high destiny of the Union, that "univeral
suffrage was forced upon the South." I ac-
knowledge the fact, and I shall never rest, God
helping me, until it is forced upon the North
in the same way! Yes, sir, universal suffrage
was forced upon the South ; forced by justice,
right, necessity, duty ; forced by justice to that
generous, loyal, noble, patriotic people, black
though they be, who during the darkest days
of the rebellion never faltered in their devo-
tion to the Union—two hundred thousand of
whom followed the flag of our country, though
it was to them an emblem of wrong and oppres-
sion, through the fires of a hundred battles to
protect it; who, with cautious care, led thou-
sands of the nation's soldiers from the death-
pens of rebel captivity to freedom and glad-
ness beyond, themselves remaining in bondage
and sorrow until the fulfillment of their Chris-
tian hope of God's blessing of liberty to them;
forced by right to the national freedmen,
Americans born upon our soil, citizens of a
country they helped to save, brothers in the
family of mankind, equals in the brotherhood
of men ; forced by necessity to save the nation
from a second rebellion more wanton than the
first, to secure and garner up the results of the
victory of the sword, to restore and heal the
shattered fabric of the Union, to protect the
loyal whites of the South, to erect on the ruins
of slavery the institutions of freedom : forced
by duty to God. I dared to hope, though still
distrustful, that while all around is new we
would here begin anew for the future, guided
by the lessons taught ">.y the experience of the
past, securely garnering the priceless harvest
of the war, "with charity for all, with malice
toward none," sacredly recognizing the equal-
ity of men, the manhood of the negro, their
citizenship, and consequent right of suffrage.
A celebrated poet has written, that—
"Man can no more exclude war than he can
Exclude sorrow; for both are conditions of man
And agents of God. Truth's supreme revelations
Come in sorrow to men, and in war come to nations.
Then blow, blow the clarion, and let the war roll,
Strike steel upon steel and strike soul upon soul,
If in striking wo kindle keen flash and bright
From the manhood in man, stricken thus into
light."
If, as a chastisement of our too self reliant
people, and to purge this nation of the foul
stain of slavery, the Almighty snatched from
every home in the land the pride of each indi-
vidual household, man's sorrow, and caused
to flow through all our borders the desolating
river of war, the natior's woe, it were rebel-
lion still not to accept the stern sequel of
events and turn ourselves to the atonement of
our sins of omission as men and of commis-
sion as a nation. If, as the logical result of the
war—a nation's judiciary—the manhood of a
whole race has been stricken thus into light,
how dare we appeal from this decision of the
god of battles, tiie judgment of Heaven? If
the manhood of the slave is a result of the war,
is not his citizenship the result of his manhood
and his franchisement the natural sequence of
his citizenship ? All these successive condi-
tions are as naturally the corollary of the first-
manhood, as that an ocean-emptying stream
flows from some higher fountain. Gentlemen
complain of this ordering of events, and hope
against the hopelessness of a change. As well
attempt to dam the swelling flood, "the higher
the dam the higher the tide ; it will overflow or
break through." It is done, inexorably ac-
complished, and it were unwise, nay criminal,
to permit our passions and prejudices to sweep
away the senses of onr reason, or hesitate to
conform ourselves to the uncompromising con-
dition of things.
Is it not just and consistent that universal
suffrage and equal rights in a republican gov-
ernment should march hand in hand with uni-
versal manhood arid equal existence? Dare
we appeal longer from the will of the nation?
Republicanism is in the ascendancy; it has
regenerated and recreated the South; it has
raised aloft from the decrepid carcass of sla-
very and darkness to the high Olympus of a
full citizenship of the proudest country on the
face of the globe a race whom oppression and
superstition bound down for ages under the
83gis of the Democratic party, and it will spread
its benign, enlightening, Christianizing influ-
ence to the furthest ends of the globe, until all
men shall freely and fully possess and as freelv
and fully enjoy the inalienable endowments of
Heaven.
Constitutional Amendment.
REMARKS OF HON. J. M. BROOMALL,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
January 30, 1869,
On the joint resolution (H. It. No. 402) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, in the
debate upon a bill introduced by myself at the
last session of Congress, providing for univer-
sal suffrage, I gave my views at length upon
that subject. Those views may be stated in
short thus: every person owing allegiance to
the Government and not under the legal con-
trol of another should have an equal voice in
making and administering the laws, unless
debarred for yiolating those laws; and in this
I make no distinction of wealth, intelligence,
race, family, or sex. If just government is
founded upon the consent of the governed, and
if the established mode of consent is through the
ballot box, then those who are denied the right
of suffrage can in no sense be held as consent-
ing, and the Government which withholds that
right is as to those from whom it is withheld
no just Government.
The proposition before the House is so to
change the Constitution of the United States
that no State shall hereafter discriminate
amongcitizensof the United States with respect
to the right of suffrage on account of family or
race. This, though not going to the extent
which I desire, is a great stride in the right
direction, and therefore it commands my most
hearty support.
It is no argument against inserting this pro-
vision in the Constitution that we have already
the power to effect the same thing by legisla-
tion. Laws may be repealed, and it is no(
advisable that so important a principle of
republican government should be left to the
caprices of party. Its proper place is in the
organic law.
A bill providingfor impartial suffrage in the
same particulars has been reported from the
same committee and is now pending before
the House. It is alleged that there is incon-
sistency in the same Congress proposing the
amendment and passing the bill, both having
the same object. This is a mistake, because,
first, the bill is intended to produce imme-
diately the same result which it may require
the amendment several years to accomplish ;
and second, it is eminently right and proper
that all those who are intended to be affected
by the amendment should have an equal voice
in its adoption or rejection. I shall therefore
support the bill, as well as the proposed amend-
ment.
It is interesting and instructive to trace the
progress of the great party which is carrying
into practical operation the cherished dreams
of our fathers, step by step, toward the con-
summation of its holy purposes. It began
less than fifteen years ago, by denying the
right of slaveholders to carry their hnman
chattels into the Territories against the will of
a majority of the occupants. In 1860 it de-
clared not that slavery was illegal, but that it
could only exist by virtue of State laws and
within the States whose laws recognized it.
Then came the rebellion ; and it is humiliat-
ing to remember that in its early stages black
men who had deserted their rebel masters in •
order not to be compelled to abet treason, and
had sought the Federal camps to tender their
feeble aid to the Government to which they
owed so little, were arrested by men wearing
the uniform.of the nation and sent back to
their masters to be scourged. But this eonld
not long continue; and the next step, treating
these poor fugitives still as chattels, confiscated
them as contraband of war and employed
them in menial services about the camps.
