121$
m® OWGRESSIQJfAL &LGB1.
objection to informally adopting this ametid-
msnt and letting It go to the House. Otherwise
I. think I shall have to insist on a quorum.
Mr. ALLISON. I will not object to giving
the gentleman an opportunity of offering the
amendment inthe House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would rauch rather regard
it as adopted in committee.
Mr. ALLISON. . Gentlemen around me ob-
ject to that. I' will agree that the chairman
of the .committee shall give the, gentleman an
opportunity of-offering the amendment in the
House, so 'that it will be pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. I consent to that.
Mr. RANDALL. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after section seventy-
three :
Sec. —. And be U further enacted. That it shall not
bo lawful for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
to refund any money paid on account of internal
taxes into the Treasury of the United States where
the sum so proposed to be refunded shall exceed in
amount tlie-sum of $500. All such claims for taxes
improperly paid under the existing or any future
enactments shall be prosccuted by the parties so
claiming in the United States,district court wherein
such revenuewas collected; and it is hereby directed
that the district attorney shall defend such suitor
suits on the part of the United States either by him-
self or his assistant, and that the decision thereon
of mioh United States distriet'eourt shall bo final.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I suggest that the
gentleman add after ttic words " United States
district court" ' the words " for the' district,"
so that it will read " in the United States dis-
trict court for the district wherein such rev-
enue was collected."
Mr. RANDALL. I accept, that amendment.
If the committee will give me their attention
I will state the reasons which prompt me in
offering this amendment. By reference to the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue it will be discovered that the refunding of
taxes-amountstoalargesum each year. In 1868
it amounted to $514,844, while the taxes col-
lected thatyearamountedto $310,000,000. The
next year, 1807, the sums refunded amounted
to seven hundred and $ix thousand dollars and
odd, whjle the taxes collected iii the aggregate
amounted that year to $205,000,000. The dif-
ference in 1868 was still more striking. In that
year the refunded taxes amounted to the enor-
mous sum of $1,000,000, while the aggregate of
revenue collected was only $191,000,000. It
will be seen that when the amount collected
■was $300,000,000 over $500,000 was refunded,
and when the revenue ran down to $101,000,000
the amount of refunded taxes increased to
$1,000,000. The present system of refunding
taxes is also very objectionable. It is done
with no public or authorized investigation. It
is mostly done in the revenue department by
reference to some clerk there. My proposition
is that where the amouut is over $500 it shall
be properly adjudicated and decided by a court
arid jury if necessary.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do you give the parties
the right of appeal?
Mr. RANDALL. I give them no right to
appeal from the district court of the United
States for the reason that I do not desire to
lumber the Supreme Court of the United States
with appeals of this character.
Mr. WOODWARD. I was going to ask
my colleague what reason he could assign lor
taking away the right of appeal?
Mr. RANDALL. I have assigned the only
reason that 1 have.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not think that is
any reason at all.
. Mr. RANDALL. For the honest claimant,
what I propose is vastly better than the pres-
ent .system. The present system has proved,
as 1 am informed, to be corrupt, and for an
honest claimant, it is a great deal better that
he should employ an astute, intelligent lawyer
in his own districtandprosecute his ease there
than have to come here and, as is too often the
case, employ some'' shyste^' lawyer who roves
around the Court of Claims %nd the Depart-
ments to get a living.
Mr. ALLISON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] to adopt-
the suggestion of his colleague, [5Jv. Wood-
February 16,
ward,] and allow appeals to betaken in. these
cases.
Mr. RANDALL. I am not tenacious on
that point.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not care anything
about the gentleman's amendment except that,
but I think it involves a principle that is very
important.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw the last
portion of the amendment, that which declares
that the decision shall be final.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he raise the sum from $500 to $1,000
and allow an appeal as in other cases, leaving
the Departmentto adjudicate cases that do not
exceed $1,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I prefer to keep it at
$500, and I think the gentleman will prefer it
upon reflection.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yeryfew cases ought to
go to the Supreme Court unless they involve
questions of the construction of statutes. ■
Mr. RANDALL. The only mode in which
they could get there would be on questions of
law.
Mr. JENCKES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that lie leave his amend-
ment as it stands, with the modification that
the decision of the district court shall be final
unless the judge of the court certifies that some
question of law is involved which deserves the
consideration of a higher tribunal.
_ Mr. RANDALL. I will accept that sugges-
tion.
Mr. WOODWARD. I hope my colleague
will not accept it. That is not the usual prin-
ciple on which appeals are allowed in courts of
appellate jurisdiction. If you make the right
of appeal depend on the judge trying the ease
it will amount in many cases to no right at all.
That is not the due and ordinary course of law
ill this country, but, on the contrary, courts
having appellate jurisdiction have a right to
exercise that appellate jurisdiction over all
cases, and I do not think these cases ought to
be distinguished from others. If the court is
to have the jurisdiction, let it have it upon the
usual terms, of an appeal to their superiors,
for under some circumstances that may become
of great consequence. And I will say for the
benefit of the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jenckes] that I observe in a bill of his,
which is to be brought into the House, the
same limitation Upon another subject. And I
.will bo obliged, whenever that question comes
up, to insist, as I do now, that where jurisdic-
tion over a subject is given to the judicial de-
partment it shall be given upon the usual and
ordinary terms.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not the right of ap-
peal to the Supreme Court in all other cases
limited by the amount of $2,000?
Mr. WOODWARD. It is.
Mr. RANDALL. I will agree to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. Instead of allowing an
appeal on a question of law it should be on a
question of the construction of some revenue
statute. X cannot conceive of any propriety
in allowing an appeal to go up, as would be
the case doubtless iu a great many cases, on
a mere question of ordinary law, or a question
involving a matter of evidence, or some gen-
eral principle of law which is ordinarily well
settled and understood. Unless there is a
question upon the construction of the statute
under which the revenue is collected, it seems
to me an appeal should not be granted or
denied by the citizen.
Mr. WOODWARD. These things regulate
themselves. Cases do not ordinarily go up to
the Supreme Court which do not involve some
legal question. The costs of taking a case up
on appeal are generally sufficient to keep suit-
ors away from there. _ That matter can well be
left to regulate itself in the ordinary course of
business. Let the power of the judiciary at-
tach subject to the ordinary limitations of
judicial power, and I will have no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 have modified my amend-
ment., and I ask the Glerk to read it now as :
modified. i
' The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted. That it shall not
be lawful for the Commissioner of Internal ftevenue
to refund any money paid on a.ocount of internal tax
into the Treasury of the United Stateswiiere thesum
so proposed to be refunded shall exceed in amount
the sumof $500. All such claims for taxes improperly
paid under the existinK or any future enactments
shall be prosecuted by the parties so claiming in the
United States district court for the district wherein
such revenue was oollected; anditisheieby directed
that the district attorney shall defend such suit or
suits on the part of the United States, either by him-
self or his assistant; and that the decision thereon
of such United States district court shall be final,
ejeeptm cases where thesum in controversy exoeeds
$2,000.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Randall] by in-
serting after "$500" the following:
Excepting in such cases where the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue has decided that the assessment
and collection of the tax were improperly made and
collected, and an ordci; has been issued by him to
pi-event in the future tile making of such assessment
anu collection.
Mr. RANDALL. That is special legislation.
Mr. O'NEILL. I believe the amendment
of my colleague is a very proper one. I offer
my amendment to it for the purpose of reach-
ing such cases as have already been brought
to the notice of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue by appeal, but*which have not
been settled. I am amazed at the very im-
mense amount of money which has been paid
back to those who have been wrongfully or im-
properly made to pay the tax. Yet my amaze-
ment is greater that there are cases which were
brought to the attention of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue during the year 1808 where
he decided that the assessment was improp-
erly made in effect, that the tax should never
have been collected, and where he has issued
orders that hereafter no such assessments or col-
lections should be made; and yet the amounts
paid have never been refunded, while it is evi-
dent that the taxation has been unjust, and so
decided by high legal authority of the Treas-
ury Department, to whom the questions in
controversy were submitted.
This system of settling these cases has been
going on in the Department ever since its
organization. For some reason which I have
been unable to fathom there are numerous cases
of appeals where the Commissioner knows these
taxes have been improperly assessed and col-
lected, but the money wrongfully withheld still
remains in the Treasury. I hope the committee
will adopt the amendment of my colleague, but
I trust the proviso which I have offtefec^ will also
be adopted. Let those who are now appealing
to the Commissioner for justice be heard, and
let him do what is right in the cases of those
parties who have appealed to him.
Mr. JBNCKES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
oppose the amendment pro forma. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] who moved the original amend-
ment that he adhere to his proposition limit-
ing the amount to $500. And I wish to say
in reply to what fell from his colleague [Mr.
oodward] that such a provision is not a new
one in our statutes. Provisions of this kind
have been adppted in a great many instances.
Their object is to prevent appeals or writs of
error in cases where no question but one of
factis in dispute in the court of original juris-
diction ; and it seems to be a very proper pro-
vision in statutes referring to remedies in courts
of the United States, owing to the constitution
of those courts. The original jurisdiction is in
the district court, and there is no appeal by
which a question of fact can be retried unless
the case be one in equity or a case of inform-
ation in the nature of proceedings in equity.
All others'must be carried up on appeal by
writs of error raising questions of law.
The limitation which I have suggested to the
gentleman who moved the original amendment
would simply be to the effect that no appeals
shall be allowed where the judge who tries the
case originally shall be of opinion that there is
nothing in dispute but a question of fact. Not-
withstanding the multitude of cases that are
embraced in similar provisions in our statutes
