326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
bs; and I was more grieved to hear a Senator
gay to the Senate, in effect, that if these ciaim3
were not allowed by Congress every man,
woman, and child in the South would repu-
diate the public debt. Sir, the Senator who
makes that proclamation may speak possibly
for the rebel part of the people in the south-
ern States, and he may possibly speak for a
class not far removed from the rebels ; but I
venture to affirm thatthere is not a negro in
the South who will sanction such a doctrine.
I submit, Mr. President, in view of the con-
siderations which I have presented, that wo
ought to consider well before we make a pre-
cedent fraught with so many evil consequences
to the country. While I should be glad to see
the losses that Miss Sue Murphey sustained
fully repaired, and all the losses of every other
loyal person repaired, I know that it cannot
be done. I know there were losses made in
every part of this country that can never be
repaired, and there is no greater legal or equit-
able obligation upon the Government to pay
the loss in this particular case than there is in
thousands of other cases in which itis admitted
on all hands that no relief can or ought to be
allowed by the Government.
■ Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I should
 ot have troubled the Senate with the few
additional remarks I propose to make had not
the honorable Senator from Kentucky yester-
day seen fit to allude to me so distinctly and
frequently in the remarks lie himself made.
The honorable Senator but repeated yesterday
the same strain of argument in which he has
indulged, to my certain knowledge, to a
greater or less extent since 1863, in reference
to the legal character of the conflict through
which we were passing, and out of which we
have now emerged. For some reason or other
he and I disagree very broadly as to the legal
effects of that state of things which I have de-
nominated and still denominate a state of war
between the loyal portion of the United States
and the insurrectionary portion. He denies
that the rebel communities were in any sense
enemies to the Government of the United
States. He denies that they can be so treated,
either in their persons or their property, if 1
understand him rightly.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the
honorable Senator I will correct him.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. He states that I deny that the
men who were in a state of insurrection against
the Government of the United States were its
enemies in any sense. I never have assumed
any such position. I say that every man who
was in a state of insurrection or rebellion
against the Government of the United States
was its enemy, and he was its individual and
personal enemy. But such a state of insurrec-
tion did not make the State or the community
an enemy ; it ivas only the individual person-
ally, and by himself, that was an enemy, and
nobody else, unless he was leagued with that
enemy.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, if none but
such as actually waged war against the United
States during that conflict was an enemy of
the United States ; in other words, if all per-
sons who were not engaged in the actual prose-
cution of hostilities against this Government
were fiiends of the Government, then the
aspect of the case as presented by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky changes greatly
for the worse, as I will endeavor to show.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me '
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. While I stand by and listen
to him I will not allow him to misrepr«tsent me.
I have not said that all men who were not
actively engaged in the rebellion were not ene-
mies of the country. I say this: that every
man who met the United States troops or au-
thorities, with arms iti his hands, was an open
and declared enemy; that every man, woman,
and elnjd who aided and abetted them in their
resistance was an enemy; but each and all of
them v?re individually and personally eMemios,
and each-one was responsible for his guilt and.
for his proper, proportion of guilt without any
regard to or involvement of the State or com-
munity in which he lived.
Mr.'HOWARD. Yes. Let me then ask
the honorable Senator a question, if he.pleases.
The Constitution declares that treason against
the United States shall consist in levying war
against the United States, or adhering to their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort. Does
the honorable Senator from Kentucky hold
that all persons who did not commit that tech-
nical crime of treason were friends" of the
United States?
Mr. DAVIS. Does the honorable Senator
desire an answer?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I never have assumed any
such position.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not say the honor-
able Senator had assumed that position. I put
• him the question with a view to ascertain his
views.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state to the honorable
Senator my position, if he will allow me to do
so. Itis this: every rebel, every person engaged
in the insurrection, and every person who aided I
or abetted the insurrection, was an enemy of
the country; but the responsibility of persons
so offending was as individuals. They were not
responsible as members of the community, of
the State of Alabama, for instance. I deny that
there is any such responsibility in the matter.
The whole liability, the entire responsibility,
was personal, and depended upon the personal
and individual guilt and the extent of that in-
dividual guilt in each particular case.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well, Mr. President.
Then how does the honorable Senator charac-
terize that large portion of the southern com-*
munities who did not either wage war against
the United States or render aid and comfort to
the rebellion? Are they friends or are they
enemies in the. sense of the law? Will the Sen-
ator answer me categorically?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the honorable
Senator categorically. Every man engaged
in resistance by arms to the execution of the
laws of the United States was a rebel to be
shot down; every man engaged in resisting the
execution of the laws, or aiding in that resist-
ance, was a rebel to be prosecuted criminally
for that resistance. A man who was not en-
gaged in active, positive resistance, and that
was not found in arms engaged in that resist-
ance, was not a rebel to be shot down at all.
At the same time he was a criminal, but he
could only be proceeded against civilly under
the law which made it criminal to resist the
execution of the laws of the United States, and
he could only be tried in the civil courts.
That is my position.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I think
my question was very distinct and perspicuous
in its form; and as the honorable Senator has
entirely omitted to reply to it, I take it for
granted he does not choose to answer.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think I have
answered the question if the honorable Senator
had intellect enoughto comprehend my answer.
Mr. HOWARD. ■ I say nothing about intel-
lect, Mr. President. I am entirely willing the
honorable Senator should impute to me a want
of intellect. It may be my right and my priv-
ilege to appeal from his profound judgment on
that subject, however.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say "will" and not
"intellect," then.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall not bandy epithets
with the honorable Senator. I put to him a
very plain question, sir, which he refuses to
answer. There were large portions of the
southern communities who did not render aid
and comfort to the rebellion. Were they the
enemies or the friends of the United States ?
He does not answer. Yesterday the honor-
able Senator, I thought in rather a boastful
manner, but certainly I will not impute to him
a disposition to boast, put me the question
whether the present State of Michigan* tmce
1 tho Territory (If Mifhignrf, while in thW occu-
pation of its British conquerors in 1812 was
enemy's territory; and he insisted that if ray
argument was sound in regard to the southern
States during the civil war, and if they were
enemy's country in the sense of public law,
then the Territory of Michigan while in such
occupancy was in like manner enemy's coun-
try, and that General Cass, a distinguished
citizen of my State, then at Detroit and serving
in the Army of the United States, although
made a prisoner there, was, according to my
doctrine, an enemy of the United States.
Now, sir, it surpasses my comprehension
how the honorable Senator from Kentucky
could have drawn any such Conclusion, or how
his genius could have invented such a state
of facts for the purpose of replying to my argu-
ment. Why, sir, there is some slight differ-
ence between the status of Alabama during
the recent civil war and that of the Territory
of Michigan during the foreign war of 1812.
Michigan, then organized as one of the Terri-
tories of the United States, in the peaceful
enjoyment of all her political rights, did not
imitate the example of Alabama at the break-
ing out of the war and go over and join the
public enemy. That perhaps is a sufficient
reply to the question of the honorable Senator.
The Territory of Michigan was occupied by
British troops, and was temporarily a conquest
of Great Britain as one of the results of her
successful military operations, bnt it did not
cease to be the territory of the United States
at all. The allegiance of its people remained
precisely what it was before; they were Amer-
ican citizens temporarily in the power of the
enemy, but were as much American citizens
as they ever were; and the fact which he cites
is entirely inapplicable and has no weight what-
ever as against the argument I have urged on
this bill.
He asks, with a similar tone, when did Ala-
bama become enemy's territory? Of course he
denies—the question itself is a denid.1—that ihu
territory ever was enemy territory, in short,
he denies that there was a state of actual war
as understood and defined by learned authors
treating on the subject. Now, I will tell the
honorable Senator from Kentucky how, accord-
ing to my apprehension, the State of Alabama
became enemy's territory, and all the property
in it and all the residents within its borders
became enemy's property or enemies in per-
son. The first step toward converting it from
friendly territory into hostile territory was the
passage of the ordinance of secession bv the
representatives of the people of that State
sitting in formal and solemn council. Phe
next step was an engagement of the actual gov-
ernment of that State in waging hostilities—war
against the United States. The honorable Sen-
ator says that these were mere individual acts ;
that there was no government in Alabama which
could be held responsible, but that all these
acts of war were simply the ac s of individuals.
Sir, this is not so. The honorable Sena'or is
entirely mistaken in his view of the subject.
The loyal government of Alabama was com-
pletely overthrown and expelled. It had ceased
to exist. There was not a shred or a vestige of
the once loyal government of the State of Ala-
bama. It had been extinguished, absolutely
annihilated by a power higher than all law, all
constitutions, all written covenants, all agree-
ments, all compacts; and that power was mil-
itary violence, military force, which is the last
appeal of kings and of communities ; the power
before which all Governments, all statutes, all
treaties sink in the dust and are trampled on
by the heel of the combatants. The next
piece of evidence to show that Alabama was
hostile or enemy's territory is found in the
statutes of the United States. Shortly after
this rebellion broke out, as we all know, Con-
gress was convoked in extraordinary session
by President Lincoln, and in July, 1861,
passed a law which contains the following pro-
vision, under which all our military operations
regularly proceeded as in the case of war.
Section five of that act declared:
" Tfa'at wBsn'sftfSrttle PK&idant, ia jmufttaaee ef the
