1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
40th Cong..,.3d Sess.
Affairs in the South—Mr. Newsham.
Ho. op Reps.
Next, came the proclamation of emancipa-
tion, which was worthy of him who issued it,
and this is saying much, and which shocked
the nerves of gentlemen of nice conservative
sensibilities by declaring all slaves within the
rebel lines free. "Soon followed the amend-
ment to the Constitution by virtue of which
the footprint of no slave shall ever again be
found upon American soil. About this time
it,was suddenly discovered that the negro could
fight, and the uniform of the nation was placed
upon his limbs and its arms in his hands. In
the fore-front of the battle circumstances gave
lum the courage of desperation. He knew that
for him capture was death, and he did fight,
let the history of the country tell how gallantly.
It was not to be wondered at that at times he
refused the quarter which he knew he never
could receive. To have done otherwise would
have proved him either more or less than
human.
The arming of the blacks tolled the knell of
the rebellion, and in 1865 its lastarmed forces
surrendered. Then came a period fraught with
more danger to the cause of human progress
than any since the firingupon FortSumter. A
.generous victor might have been lulled into
false security by a show of submission and
repentance, and the rebels might have gained
by political strategy all they had lost in war
except their slaves, and these they might have
put under an iron rule compared with which
enslavement would have been a mercy, but
an accidental and faithless Executive became
an unconscious instrument ofgood. That man,
the Mving exemplification of the declaration
that God hardened the heart of Pharaoh, stimu-
lated the conquered rebels imperiously to de-
mand rights instead of graciously accepting
favors. The result was the reconstruction of
the South upon the basis of impartial suffrage.
Thus far is written history. Frequently in the
progress of those great events, the patriot heart
despaired, and cried out, "Howlong, Oh,how
long!" But in all that time there was taken
no step backward, and we shall never know that
any advance was delayed beyond the period
when it equld be safely made.
The measure now before the House is neces
sarv to the complete fulfillment of what has
gone before it. To hesitate now is to put in
peril all we have gained. Let this, too, pass
into history as an accomplished fact. Let it
be followed, in due course of time, by the last
erowning act of the series—an amendment to
the Constitution securing to all citizens of full
age, without regard to sex, an equal voice in
making and administering the laws under which
they live, to be forfeited only for crime. Then
the great mission of the party in power will be
ftilfilled; then will have been demonstrated
the capacity of man for self government; then
a just nation, founded upon the full and free
consent of its citizens, will be no longer a
dream of the optimist.
Affairs in the South.
REMARKS OF HON. J. P. NEWSHAM,
OF LOUISIANA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
jFebruary 2, 1869,
On the condition of affairs in the State of Louisiana.
Mr. NEWSHAM. Mr. Speaker, I respect-
fully beg to lay before this House, in as terse
a manner as the blunt powers of my speech
will permit, the condition of things in the State
I have the honor in part to represent. I wish
the long-stilled voice of Louisiana to commin-
gle with the more eloquent voices of her sis-
ter States in our national Halls of representa-
tion. Through conversations with northern
gentlemen, Representatives upon this floor,
and from citizens visiting the capital since my
arrival here, I have gathered the impression
that the exact- status of the condition of affairs
in the South is not understood by the northern
people. An_ erroneous impression seems to
prevail. It is generally believed that all or
many of the riots, murders, and massacres are
caused by a war of races; and in the existence
of such a war many seem firmly to believe.
This is an error. No such war ravages there.
There is no objection on the part of the rebels
of my State to the color or smell of the negro,
so far as I have been able to ascertain; and
I take this means, by placing myself upon the
record, to disabuse the northern mind from
this fallacious opinion.
The fundamental, original cause of all the
bloodshed, murders, massacres, violence, fraud,
and intimidation which have blackened the fame
of the South, and which will forever blur the
page of Louisiana's history, may be attributed
and traced to the following causes: loyalty to
the General Government; anunfalteringattach-
ment to the Union of these States during the
dark and doubtful days of the Republic. The
fact of once having served in the Federal Army
hasheretofore been sufficient reason, in the esti-
mation of the people of my State, to incite riot
andcommit murder. The causeofall our trouble
South has been in the hatred and bitter ani-
mosity of the people of Louisiana against any-
thing like loyalty, against the policy of Con-
gress, and against everything which was calcu-
lated to affect the perpetuity of the Union of
these States. The holding and honest expres-
sion of Republican sentiments and principles
has been and continues to be sufficient cause
to murder the man who dares express them.
The war is because of opinion's sake. It is a
war of the rebel against the loyalist. Combi-
nations are perfected and wie'id their influence
againstevery man who holds Republican senti-
ments, no matter what maybe the color of the
Republican's skin, or occupation. The inter-
diction is hurled against the lawyer, the artisan,
and the humble tiller of the soil. The cry is,
" Drive them out! " " Send them to their mud-
sill homes!" The classic soil of the South
needs them not.
Gentlemen protected by the operation of
our constitutional guarantees in security of
life, liberty, and property are not expected
to nor cannot appreciate the condition of
things in Louisiana. But, gentlemen, facts
are stubborn things ; and in order that I may
prove the position assumed I shall endeavor
to adduce a few facts. Just prior to the
late election in the parish of Bossier, in the
fourth Representative district of Louisiana,
one hundred and sixty-two men, all Repub-
licans, were murdered without provocation
for opinion's sake. In the parish of Caddo,
in the same district and State, the only man
who voted the Republican ticket was murdered
the night of the day he polled his vote.- No
other cause was alleged in extenuation of this
than that he voted the Republican ticket.
George W. Smith, an honorable man and a
member of the Texas constitutional conven-
tion, was assaulted by an armed mob in Jef-
ferson City, in Davis county, Texas, imme-
diately adjoining the parish of Caddo, Louis-
iana, who, in defending himself, wounded two
of his assailants; after which he ran for his life,
to save which he surrendered to the military
authorities, and was committed to jail for safe
keeping. The next night a disguised band of
armed Kuklux passed or bought the guard,
who did not fire. The Kuklux broke down the
jail door and fired sixty bullets through the
body of the unfortunate man, besides killing
two freedmen.
What, you ask, was the cause of this das-
tardly, cowardly, inhuman conduct? Why, the
murdered man had been an officer in the Fed-
eral Army, had served with distinction in a
New York regiment, and was a man without
reproach. Shall I refer you to jails broken
open, of persons adjudged guilty being by mob
force liberated, as was done in the city of
Jefferson in my own district? Shall I prove
these utterances by telling you of men found
dead in the roads, shot and horribly mangled ;
of laborers discharged without pay ; of public
notices to the rebel planters of the State noti-
fying them not to employ the parties named,
to lease them no land, without the reservation
of the right to eject them without cause unless
they voted the Democratic ticket; refer you to
the report, made public, of the election com-
mittee of the General Assembly of the State
of Louisiana, wherein eighteen hundred mur-
ders are reported, and each ease proven, in the
period of less than one year ; or to the report
of General Hatch, while in New Orleans; or to
that of General Reynolds, of Texas, so lately
laid upon the desks of members of this House?
In the parish of St. Landry, represented by
my hortorable colleague, £ am informed two
hundred men, all Republicans, were murdered
in one month, in September. Men are com-
pelled in that parish to wear red tape upon
their arms, as a sign of rebel Democracy, to
secure the guarantees of the Constitution. The
mark is an evidence that they have joined the
Democracy and their only security for life, lib-
erty, and locomotion. The atrocious murders
in cold blood of Colonel Pope and J udge Chase
of that parish by the Democratic bandits of
Louisiana, and the failure under the laws of
the State and nation to bring the murderers to
trial, presents a glimmering view of the state
of republican liberty in Louisiana. Shall I
refer you, to substantiate these utterances, to
printing offices mobbed and the material thereof
thrown into the river or otherwise destroyed?
Or will you demand of me copies of papers in
evidence to prove that nothing was therein
written but a plain and, too often, a too mild
statementof facts committed ; that newspapers
devoted to the diffusion of Republieau princi-
ples were mobbedand yet notentirely destroyed,
while a Kuklux note, written in biood, is left
at a man's door as a mild hint to the editor and
proprietor that his life is in danger, ordering
him to leave his home and property, and that
the avenger is upon his track ?
If the action of the Democracy, in this de-
struction of the bulwarks of civil liberty, was
caused by passion or incited altogether be-
cause of gunpowder and whisky, or in a fit of
frenzy; if it was committed by a class of men
desperate in their character, unsupported and
unbacked by the leaders of the best society,
there might be some extenuating circum-
stances. I submit it to this House, in all can-
dor, if a lawless ruffian practicing his barbari-
ties and horrid murders could exist in any
community any length of time unless he was
supported in his atrocities by the community
wherein he lived? The very fact that assaults
are made upon the person and property of
loyalists South; that notices written in blood
are left in a man's pathway or sent to him
through the mail; that coffins, upon whose lids
the cross-bones and skull are laid, are left at
man's door; that newspapers are not at first
entirely destroyed, but which, after the warn-
ing delivered, are doomed upon the second
assault; that loyal men are subject to these
indignities—evinces a determination upon the
part of the southern lebels to enforce their
threats, and that the perpetrators areprotected
and encouraged by the community in which
they live.
I charge here that no cause has been given
by the loyal people of my State to incite upon
the part of their rebel neighbors such bitter
animosity and unrelenting cruelty. The scal-
lawag and the carpet-bagger, so termed, have
brought this upon themselves, because they
loved their whole country and the Union of
these States, because when the Republic was
bleeding at every pore, when she was mangled
and weak, they showed themselves to be
patriots and dared to be men. For this in the
land they fought to save, wherein they have so
long and so patiently suffered, they are at pres-
