104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Wellcer.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
ent, under a republican form of government
established by this Congress, to endure tenfold
what I am able to tell you.
I now appeal to your own memories, to the
written history of the last two years, to support
me in the statement that never have any peo-
ple shown more magnanimity under the like
cause for retribution than have the Republican
party in the entire South in the framing of their
new State constitutions under the wide margin
allowed by the reconstruction acts of Congress.
The liberality shown to their old oppressors,
the entire forgetfulness of the past horrors they
had from the nature of things to endure, stamps
the course of the southern blacks as the most
sublime and God-like course of any people un-
der the sun. For this sublimity of forgiveness,
for this almost divine magnanimity, they have
been shot down and murdered as if they were
swine in the butcher's pen—simply because
they were true to the country and party who
had given them their liberties and which after-
ward dared to give them citizenship. I am
not ignorant of the fact that much of the suc-
cess of the Republican party of the North in
the late elections may be attributed to the mild
and conciliatory policy adopted by the Repub-
lican party of th,e South in the reconstruction
policy as pursued by them. What I complain
of is that this success should have been pur-
chased at such a fearful cost of life and security ;
that the people of the North should bo super-
ficially understand the exact status of affairs
in the South; that the bleeding, devastated,
wasted South should have the other burden,
defeat, added to the catalogue of her suffer-
ings ; that loyal men of the South were made
to bleed and die to secure success to the happy,
prosperous,and peacefulNorth,East, and West.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that a share in the
enjoy men t of thegeneral benefits resulting to the
country, secured by the election of General
Grant to the highest office within the gift of
the American people, will accrue to Louisiana
and to the people of the whole South; and
Louisiana congratulates the whole American
people upon the favorable auspices indicated
by the late triumph of the Republican party.
General Grant may depend upon the warm sup-
port and best wishes of the Republican party
of Louisiana. Never did an Executive of the
United States, since the first inauguration of
Washington, enter upon his troublous voyage
with a more thorough love of the American
people than will General Grant after the 4th
of March next.
Louisiana has an approximation majority of
thirty thousand registered Republican voters.
In tlio last election the Republican party was
defeated by over thirty thousand majority in
that State. The loyal men of Louisiana did
not dare to vote. However dear to the heart
of the liberated slave the high privilege of-the
American ballot may be—and 1 assure you no
people more thoroughly appreciate its value—
his love of life is equal to that of other men.
'lhe cries of his infant child commingled with
the sobs of the wife and mother, when the
Republican father of Louisiana went to vote at
election, the affections stirred by this wailin<*
may have lost the State to the Republicans"
but it saved many a loyal life. The loyal men
of Louisiana have lived long in hope, and
patiently waited in poverty and hunger, without
pay and clothing, for the coming day.
To-morrow, next day, or after the 4th of
March next, the result of an election in Louis-
iana would be similar in bloodshed, murder,
and terror to the one so lately made a monu-
ment to perpetuate the crime, folly, and mad-
ness of the unrepentant rebels. Louisiana has
never known the boon of the privilege of a
fair election. A republican form of govern-
ment as contemplated by the language of the
Constitution doee not exist in Louisiana. The
right of the people to peaceably assemble is
denied, lhe security of life, liberty, andprop-
erty are privileges almost unknown to loyal
men. Many a martyr has sacrificed his life on
the bleeding altar of liberty in Louisiana, and
many another man is bound for
" The undiscovered country, from whose bourn
No traveler returns,"
because of his attachment to the principles of
liberty and the equal rights of all men. The
revolution in the South is not over. It is not
dead, but only sleeping. It is coiled like a
snake; its fangs are deadly poison—beware its
sting 1 It is the boast of the South to-day that
they are better armed than in 1861, By send-
ing the late election back to the people of
Louisiana you inaugurate another reign of ter-
ror, commence again the destruction of news-
papers, incite wholesale murders and massa-
cres, and you will, phosnix-like, resurrect a new
State Government out of and over the smold-
ering and putrid mass to be created by the
military power. Forty thousand military and
a million of money will be inadequate to secure
the untrammeled expression of the people's will
in Louisiana, and God only knows how many
lives will pay the rest of the debt of liberty.
The rebel of the So.uth to-day stands ap-
palled at the verdict of the American people
expressed by the election of General Grant.
Their most cherished hopes have been ruth-
lessly scattered and cast to the ground. They
know not which way to look for succor. They
grope like blind men beneath the rays of the
meridian sun. At present they are quiet. Do
not trust it too confidently; it is the baffled
effort of the wounded lion, whose rage is con-
fined to his breast; it will break forth with a
mighty rage, and its roar may make you
tremble.
The history of the last three years is preg-
nant with historic facts. Shall we carelessly
read its lessons and cast it unheeded by ? Have
not compromise and conciliation proven a
failure? Has not kindness reverberated in
lacerating stripes upon our backs ? Do not the
ghosts of the murdered dead of rebel ven-
geance in Louisiana rise up before you to sear
your eyeballs ? Has not your mercy, shown to
an insulting and arrogant foe, returned to you
permeated with poison bitter to the taste ? Is
not the action of Mississippi and Georgia
proof enough? "The battle will be fought
again, but the seat of war will be the North."
This is their own language.
No wild beast crouched behind the foliage
of his jungle ever yearned with a greater lust
for the munched bone and pulpy flesh of his
unsuspecting victim with a more intense thirst
than does the rebel of Louisiana yearn for the
destruction of this Government and for the
spoils and emoluments of office. Does any
sane man doubt that had the impeachment of
Andrew Johnson been effected that one tenth
of the crimes, murders, or self-asserted superi-
ority of the rebels of Louisiana would have been
committed? To this failure may be attributed
and traced all the horrid, blood-stained history
of Louisiana. I am satisfied that I express
the sentiments of every loyal heart in Louis-
iana when I say that to the election of Gen-
eral Grant loyal men in Louisiana owe their
lives as well as their privilege to reside there.
What we want in Louisiana is a republican
form of government, in its fullest, broadest
sense and meaning. We want security for life
and liberty and property; we want the late
election investigated, and its whole catalogue
of crime held up to the gaze of the world ; we
want peace and security—a desideratum which
elections have failed to supply; we want our
confidence in the General Government fostered
and preserved by protection; we want the four-
teenth constitutional amendment enforced in the
South. To do this will cost less than our ex-
pensive Indian wars, and its complete vindica-
tion is of vastly more value to the nation.
Mr. Speaker, vacillation is dangerous ; weak-
ness is manifest defeat. There isbutone hope
left to the loyalist of the South, and that hope is
in the manly, unflinching, aggressive policy of
Congress. Away, then, with conciliation and
compromise; this Congress should have nothing
to do with it. The life of every man is se-
cured by constitutional guarantees. This Con-
gress would not hesitate to declare war against
any European Power for an infringement upon
an American citizen's rights; then why not
protect the humblest citizen at home? He is
as much entitled to it as the most exalted. If
the laws prevent this protection they are for-
eign to the spirit and reason of our institutions,
and should be repealed. A republic or any
Government which cannot protect its citizens
does not deserve the name of government and
should be blotted from the map of nations.
Let us legislate so as to secure to each his
rights; and if the fundamental laws of the
country hedge us in and bar us, let us rise
above them. Centralize the Government, if
need be, but secure to each and all life, liberty,
and a fair chance.
Constitutional Amendment.
REMARKS OF HON. M. WELKER,
OF OHIO,
Ih the House of Representatives,
Jmntary SO, 1869,
On tho joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing
an amendment of the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Speaker, I would very
much have preferred the amendment proposed
by my colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] to that
of the Judiciary Committee. That of my col-
league, and for which I voted, was as follows;
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall
deny or abridge to any male citizen of the United
States of the age of twenty-one years or over, and
who is of sound mind, an equal vote at all elections
in the State in which he shall have such actual resi-
dence as shall be prescribed by law, except to such
as have engaged or may hereafter engage in insur-
rection or rebellion against theUnited States, and to
such as shall be duly convicted of treason, felony, or
other infamous crime.
But a majority of the House thought other-
wise and refused to amend the original propo-
sition. I will now vote for the amendment of
the committee, which is as follows:
The right of any citizen of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or any State by reason of the race, color, or
previous condition of slavery of any citizen or class
of citizens of the United States.
This proposition simply prohibits all distinc-
tion between voters on account of color, race,
or previous condition of slavery, and makes
throughout the United States a uniform rule in
that respect. Negro suffrage is no new ques-
tion in this country. It is as old as our Gov-
ernment. The old Articles of Confederation
allowed it. In their adoption an attempt was
made to confine voting to white men, and the
proposition only received the vote of two States
for it to eleven against it. I believe all of the
original States, in some form or other, allowed
slavery. Of these original thirteen States, ten
of them allowed negroes to vote under their con-
stitutions, to wit: Massachusetts, New Hamp-
shire, New York," Rhode Island, Connecticut,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Mary-
land, and North Carolina. South Carolina,
Virginia, and Georgia never allowed it. This
voting was confined to free colored men—slaves
were not allowed the privilege. The ordinance
of 1787, that gave freedom and free institu-
tions to the great West, allowed it. Four of
the old thirteen States have, through all the .
persistent efforts of the advocates of slavery,
the terrible contests for its nationalization, con-
tinued to this day to give the ballot to the negro.
These are New York, New Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, and Rhode Island. The other States,
at different times, changed their constitutions
so as to prohibit this class of voters. Con-
necticut, for a period of thirty-one years, allowed
them to vote, until 1818; when her constitution
was changed to prevent it. Maryland, for fifty-
