1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
40th Cong—3d Sess. Heald and Wright Frauds on the Choctaw Indians—Mr. Mungen. Ho. of Reps.
five years allowed it, until 1831, when her con-
stitution was amended prohibiting it. Dela-
ware, for the same period, allowed it. North
Carolina, in 1836, amended her constitution to
prevent it, after allowing it for sixty-one years.
Pennsylvania changed her constitution in 1838,
inserting the word " white" in the suffrage part
of her organic law, baviug allowed colored men
to vote for sixty-two years. New Jersey, in
1840, changed her constitution to disqualify this
class of voters, after having, for sixty-four years,
allowed them to vote. Several of the States
afterward formed allowed negroes to vote.
It is said that our fathers made tbisa " white
man's" Government. It is not so written in
the Constitution they made lis. It nowhere
confines the ballot to white men. Indeed, the
delegates that made it were voted for by ne-
groes. It nowhere makes color a qualification
for office. It does not prevent a colored man
from being elected to the office of President,
Vice President, Senator, or member of Con-
gress, or holding any office in the Federal judi-
ciary, or representing our Government in for-
eign countries.
Oar fathers made this for a free Govern-
ment, one to which the prosecuted and down-
trodden of the world might come and find
secure asylum and equal rights. It was made
by the people and for the people. The Dec-
laration of Independence had announced the
grand doctrine uttered by Paul and Peter cen-
turies before, "that all men are born equal
and possess certain inalienable rights, among
which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness." This declaration had been main-
tained through the great struggle that estab-
lished on foundations of rock the great temple
of liberty in the New World. Its deepest and
broadest foundation was this equality of rights.
On this was erected the grandest structure of
Government the world had ever seen.
In England, France, Prussia, Italy, and other
countries in which the ballot is given its citi-
zens color is not made a test of voting—no
distinction is made on account of color. In
fifteen States of this Union, and in all the Ter-
ritories, negroes are now allowed to vote.
With this history of colored suffrage before us—
these precedents of our fathers to guide us—let
us now make the right uniform in all the States,
and thus make this Government what it was
intended to be by the patriots who made it,
and secure to all men equal and exact jus-
tice. Why not now give the ballot to the
colored man? He is free, and a citizen with
us of a common country. In the late terrible
contest for the life of the nation two hundred
thousand black men went forth to fight for the
Government that made them free. On every
battle-field they freely offered up their lives
that free institutions might live—that our coun-
try might be saved. No black man deceived
us, or proved untrue to the flag. Side by side
with the white soldier he marched to the con-
flict to save the nation. In all the States white
and black are alike required to bear equal
burdens—pay taxes, which are assessed with-
out respect to color. They are alike punished
for crime, and bound to obedience to the law.
Let us, then, incorporate this amendment in our
Constitution, and secure in all time to men of
all races and color this great right of freemen,
the elective franchise.
Hcald and Wright Frauds on the Choctaw
Indians.
SPEECH OF HON. W. MUNGEN,
OF OHIO,
In the House op Representatives,
February 3, 1869,
On the Heald and Wright frauds on the Choctaw
Indians.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, some time
last session, perhaps in April or May, 1868, it
may be earlier than that, the claim of Heald
and Wright was before the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. The honorable gentleman from
Kansas [Mr. Clarke] was instructed by a vote
of fonr to three (there being but seven of the
members of the committee present to takejpart
in the matter) to report a bill in favor of the
payment of the claim of Joseph G. Heald and
Reuben Wright. There were some others con-
nected with the firm, whose names and business
it were perhaps better for the claimants sboukl
not be mentioned here; but with the consent of
the House they will be named. Instead of report-
ing the bill on thisquestion, as be was instructed
by the committee, the gentleman from Kansas
on Saturday afternoon, when nearly all the
members of the House had gone to their homes,
gets the claim of Heald and Wright inserted as
an amendment to the Indian appropriation bill,
not directly however, but in the form of selling
bonds. Such a maneuver, such tactics, speak
more for the ingenuity of the gentleman than
for any other trait of character. It was a splen-
did piece of strategy, for which the gentleman
deserves the thanks of Heald and Wright and
their friend, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Boutwell,] who so assiduously
attended to their claim before the Committee
on Indian Affairs. He deserves the thanks of
the other partners of the firm, F. E. Williams
and Leonard B. Dow, of whom I shall speak
hereafter.
Allow me to say that in my opinion such
an amendment is entirely out of place in an
appropriation bill, is not germane to the sub-
ject, has no business there, and, without im-
pugning the motives or honesty of the gentle-
man from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke,] was very
adroitly dropped in at a time and place where
it was likely to be overlooked. The amend-
ment, instead of being an appropriation, is only
a clause allowing certain stocks or bonds
belonging to the Choctaw Indians to be sold
from them to pay what I believe to be an
unjust and11 trumped-up'' claim of three or four
men, all of whose names do not appear on tbe
face of the claim—having examined the mat-
ter thoroughly I know of what I speak; and
two others, the honorable gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Shanks] and the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] both members
of the committee with me, signed the minority
report which was laid upon the tables of the
members this morning.
The House, I hope, will bear with me while
I give a few of many of the very important
reasons why this amendment offered by the
gentleman from Kansas should not prevail.
The amendment proposes to sell certain
securities held by the United States under
treaty stipulations, in trust for the Choctaw
Indians, for the purpose of paying off claims
set up by Joseph G. Heald, Reuben Wright,
and others, under the forty-ninth and fiftieth
articles of the treaty of April 28, 1866, with
the Choctaws and Chickasaws.
The Choctaws have two funds of $500,000
each; one derived through the convention be-
tween them and tbe Chickasaws of January 13,
1837, and ratified by the United States, nearly
all of which was invested in Virginia State
stocks, which if they were to be sold now
would have to be disposed of at a ruinous sacri-
fice. The other fund of $500,000, derived from
what has been denominated "leased lands,"
was never appropriated or invested by the Uni-
ted States Government, but was retained in the
Treasury, the United States preferring to pay
an annual rate of interest of five per cent, on
the amount; that is, $25,000 per annum, equiv-
alent to a perpetual annuity of that amount.
An order, therefore, to the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell one hundred and eighty or
one hundred and ninety thousand dollars under
both articles of this fund is the same in effect
as to make an appropriation of that sum to be
paid out of the Treasury of the United States.
All these funds have beeu set apart by the
Choctaws and Chickasaws to educational pur-
poses, or made irreducible; and the ninth and
tenth articles of the treaty of April 28, 1865,
provides as follows:
"Art. IX. Sueh sums of money as have by virtuo
of treaties existing in 1861 beeninvestedfortbe pur-
poses of education shall remain so invested, ana the
interest thereof shall be applied for the same par-
poses in such manner as shall bo designated by the
legislative authorities of the Choctaw and Chicka-
saw nations, respectively.
_ "Aet. X. Tbe United States reaffirms all obliga-
tions arising out of treaty stipulations or a«ts of legis-
lation with regard to the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations entered into prior to the late rebellion, and
in force at that time, not inconsistent herewith, and
further agree to renew the payment of all annuities
and other moneys accruing under sueh treaty stipu-
lations and acts of legislation from and after the
fiscal yea* ending on the 30th of June, in the year
1860."
By an examination of the constitution of
the Choctaw nation we find in article seven,
section six, the following words:
"No money shall be drawn from the treasury bat
in consequence of an appropriation made by law.
No money from the treasury shall be appropriated to
objects of internal improvements unless a bill for
that purpose shall be approved by two thirds of both
branches of the general-council."
The treaty articles nine and ten, above
quoted, provide that money invested, &c., shall
remain in the treasury of the Choctaw nation.
They provide that the interest may be used,
but only in such manner as shall be designated
by the legislative authorities of the nation.
If Congress pass this amendment, and take
money belonging to the Choctaws out of the
funds referred to, it will, in my opinion,
be in clear violation of treaty stipulations.
The Choctaw nation never having by their
Legislature authorized even the appropriation
of the interest, and the constitution of the
nation being direct in its terms against the
reduction of the principal of those funds, and
the Government of the United States being
bound by the treaty of April 28, 1866, to see
that moneys invested and the interest thereof,
&e., shall be applied for the same purposes,
"in such manner as shall be designated by
the legislative authorities of the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations respectively," I cannot con-
sent to this appropriation of the fund as pro-
posed by the amendment.
• U nder the solem n treaty stipulati ons referred
to I doubt very much whether Congress has any
right by legislative action to disturb these trusts.
The treaty of 1866 makes provision for the set-
tlement of large claims—claims by whieh it is
expected that considerable sums of money
would, be paid by the United States to the
Choctaws and Chickasaws, much more than
enough to meet all their liabilities without
disturbing these funds so held iu trust. The
United States voluntarily assumed the guard-
ianship of the Indian tribes, and in exercise
of such authority as guardian caused these
moneys of the Choctaw nation to be so in-
vested, the interest only to be used or expended
for the education of the children and support
of the churches and government of the nation.
It would be an act of bad faith on the part of
the United States, as such self-constituted
guardian, to take the moneys of its wards, thus
sacredly invested for the promotion of their
education and civilization, to pay a claim of
doubtful justice, when at the same time the
United States is largely indebted to those
wards on other accounts in thesum of $300,000.
The fiftieth article of the treaty of 1866 re-
cites that Joseph G. Heald and Reuben Wright
"were licensed traders in tbe Choctaw county
at the commencement of the rebellion, and
claimed to have sustained large losses on
account of said rebellion by the use of their
property by said nation," &e., and then pro-
ceeds to provide for the appointment of a com-
nussion to investigate said claims, and to set
aside a sum of money not exceeding $90,000
to cover the amount to be allowed by said com-
missioners, "provided that no claim for goods
or property of any kind shall be allowed or
paid, in whole or in part, which shall have been
