330
THECONGRESSIQNAL GLOBE,
January 13,
pose it will cost ten or twenty dollars apiece ;
and I will go there with pleasure if it will add
anything to the dignity or the honor of the
occasion. But I hope we shall not give a vote
here which will make it a part of the official
programme which inaugurates the. President
of i lie United States.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no ; the language
of the resolution is "proceedings other than
official."
Mr. CAMERON. It will be official if wc
pass this resolution. You may call it unoffi-
cial, but it will be official; and after awhile
some President-elect may come here and di-
rect that we shall give him a ball here; that
we shall open the Halls of both Houses and
receive him as the conqueror of our liberties.
I am not iti favor of that. There is no good
that can come out of it. I was just as anxious
that General Grant should be elected as any-
body else was, and I trust he will live long to do
honor to the place, as I have no doubt he will;
anil I trust I shall live to see him inaugurated
a second time; but I am not in favor ofopen-
ingthese Halls to any ball or any dancing party,
especially when there is to be nothing on the
occasion to make us joyful. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. That is contrary to Penn-
sylvania rules. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly it is. The good
old Presbyterians of Pennsylvania always had
something to make them joyful on joyful occa-
sions. [Laughter.]
I trust, sir, that this resolution will not pass.
It is all wrong. If there is to be a ball let it
be given by the people of the city. Do not let
us give it an official character, as we shall, do
by this resolution. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the yeas and nayslf
were to be called on this resolution I should
content myself with simply voting against it;
but as it seems about to pass without any
division, I wish to say enough to show that I
am opposed to the adoption of any such reso-
lution. I think it exceedingly inappropriate
to surrender up this building for a dance and
a ball to be given on any occasion, and to turn
it into an eating-house. It is said that no
liquors are to be brought into the building. I
apprehend liquors wilt be found very near the
building, if not in it; and the scene which
will be very likely to follow from the crowd
and the rnsh and the victuals that are prepared
in the building, I think, will.be found not to
be very creditable to the Congress which grants
the permission. Like the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, 1 think it altogether inappropriate,
and 1 am sorry the application has been made.
It will be the openingand the begiuningof such
tliiugs. If it is granted now it will be fol-
lowed up, and probably not only on occasions
of inaugurations, but on other occasions appli-
cations will be made to have balls in the
Rotunda; and how are you going to refuse
them? It will be very unpleasant to vote
against such-applications.
I recollect some years ago applications were
made for this Hall, and, I believe, on one occa-
sion it was granted to some lady to lecture in.
My friend from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] per-
haps, can remember the occasion. [Laughter. ]
The Senate, however, became so dissatisfied
with it that I think we passed a resolution that
it should be allowed no more; and I do not
know but that we would pass such a resolution
after this is granted. I shall take up no time
in regard to it, but thinking it inappropriate
and improper, that it will lead to scenes that,
we shall be likely to deprecate, I, for one,
shall vote against granting it.
Mr. POMIvROY. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, FERRY. Being a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
which this matter bad been brought before the
introduction of the resolution here, and-having
concurred with the majority of thai committee
in the opinion that the resolution, might,prop-
erly be passed, I wish now to state very briefly
the reasons why I came to that Conclusion.
I think it is-a good thing to have a-.perry-
making at the inauguration of our Presidents.
I think our people do not have days of holiday
amusement enough for their good. I believe
the day of inauguration is a very appropriate
time. I believe that the, inauguration ball,
which has been customary for a great number
of years, as I am informed, may be conducted
in such a manner as not to lead to any of the
scenes which Senators seem to deprecate, and
that it may be conducted so that no harm, but
positive good, will ensue from it as an addition
to the occasions of relaxation, of which, as I
have said, I think our people have too few.
The resolution does not propose to occupy
either of the Halls of Congress, but simply the
Rotunda and the old disused Hall formerly
occupied by the House of Representatives.
The refreshments are to be below, prepared by
the caterers, where they are prepared every
day now and every night when we have even-
ing sessions. The building is to remain under
the Sergeants-at-Arms of the two Houses, and
it has an efficient police. If the inauguration
ball does not take place here and under this
supervision, it will take place in a structure
put up for the purpose, and without super-
vision, or without, in my judgment, as effective
supervision. I think, therefore, that it is bet-
ter, as it has become a part, as it were, of the
proceedings of inauguration day to have such
a festivity, that it should be done in this manner;
and I see nothing in the character of the build-
ing as a public building which should lead us
to vote against such a proposition any more
than we should have voted against allowing
the use of the Patent Office on a former occa-
sion.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand it there
is no question whether there shall be a ball in
honor of the inauguration. That is not the
question ; but the question is whether the ball
shall bo under the Dome of the Capitol. Now
I must say—I may be in error; and when I see
the tendencies of Senators about me, I am led
to infer that I must be in error—but it does
seem to me that this proposition is bad in
itself and is worse as a precedent. Where
will you stop? Forever hereafter on inaug-
uration day the Dome of the Capitol is to cover
a ball-room. Prepare yourselves for it. If
you vote it, bear in mind the precedent that
you adopt. Do not expect that the precedent
is to be restrained to inauguration day. There
will be other occasions. People will wish to
dance on other days than inauguration day.
in honor of some victory, some other incident
of life; and you must be prepared then either
to vote that they shall, or to deny it, and, if
you deny it, to make a distinction between the
two cases.
There was an old patriotic saying which our
fathers borrowed from their English ancestors;
and it was "oppose beginnings," obsia prin-
cipiis; and I incline to think that on this occa-
sion it may be properly applied. That is one
of the very arguments which have been sound-
ing in this Chamber during the last week with
regard to a famous claim of a person by the
name of Sue Murphey, of the State of Ala-
bama. _ Many of us oppose it on the ground
that it is a bad precedent, that it will open the
door wide to infinite claims on the Treasury;
and now from that bad precedent we pass to
the consideration of another of a very different
character, but which I regard also as bad. I
hope, sir, that the Senate will not adopt the
resolution.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Mr. President, I am very sorry for one to feel
obliged to protest against a thing of this kind.
I think it is in exceeding bad taste that it has
been brought here. When I was a member of
the House of Representatives a'resolution was
passed there shutting up the Hall of Represent-
atives against all services except religious ser-
vices, aside from, legislation. And npwfrom the
same House has come to us a resolution pro-
posing to open the old Hall of Representatives
and the Rotunda under the J)ome to a dancing
party. I do not objeet to toeing on £rcfper
times and proper occasions; and it may be
very well to dance on inauguration day, but I
do not think it is best to do violence, if you
please, to the prejudices of any partofjthe peo-
ple of the United States by opening the Capitol
to amusements-of this kind. There are other
places in the city where this merriment may
be carried forward.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are none.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Then, sir, I would pitch a tent; and if there is
not a tent wide enough I would danee under
the tent of heaven rather than to dance here in
tbe Hall where the nation enacts its laws. I
think, sir, it is doing violence to the prejudices,
to say the least, and to the sentiments of a very
large and respectable part of the people of the
United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I sup-
pose all Senators will desire that the incoming
of the next administration shall be celebrated
with all the ceremony which usually attends
such atransaction. I aesife to bestow the same
honor on General Grant and Mr. Colfax in
coming into office as has been bestowed upon
the great men who have filled those offices in
time past. With a view of satisfying myself
just how far we ought to go—I have not inves-
tigated the subject—I desire to inquire of the
Senator who champions this measure whether
any part of the Capitol has ever heretofore
been made a dance-house?
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, as the dancers
do not seem to have any particular champion
here I propose to enter the lists myself. [Laugh-
ter.] My venerable friend on my left, [Mr.
Sumner,] and my still more venerable friend
on my right, [Mr. Cameron,] undoubtedly
twenty years ago would have voted for this
proposition cheerfully. [Laughter.] Theyhav-
ingpassed thatage which 1 have justarrived at, I
propose to let them dance, and let them dance
in the Rotunda. I am sorry that my friend
from New Hampshire should have had his
religious prejudices aroused, because dancing
is an old religious custom. There was dancing
before the Ark. The Israelites danced after
crossing the Red sea; they danced and sang
under the temple that my friend proposes to
dance under, which would be very well if it
was warm weather, [laughter,] the canopy of
heaven. They sang and felt good and would
have enjoyed the Rotunda if they had had it.
Now, it seems that this is about the only
place in this city that is suited to-the occasion.
I believe that this proposition goes a little fur-
ther than what has been heretofore. On the
occasions to which I have referred liquor was
not excluded ; but I am willing to keep a place
for the accommodation of my friend before me,
[Mr. Wilson,] and have no liquorinthe Cap-
itol except what persons bring in concealed
about their persons. [Laughter.] I do not think
there is any danger in that.
From the first inauguration of Washington
to the present time there has been dancing at
every inauguration ; and they will dance when
my friend and I have ceased to be.
Mr. DOOLITFLE. I will ask the honor-
able Senator whether they ever danced pursu-
ant to act of Congress, or danced voluntarily?
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I will relieve my friend from
any trouble on that score, as I know he does
not dance; and I would be willing to relieve
him from voting upon the question. This is
not dancing by act of Congress, but it is a con-
gressional permission that they may have the
Rotunda to dance in, a common hall. These
gentlemen who come here to danee own just
as much of this tabernacle as we do.
Mr. DOOLITfLE. I ask my honorable
friend if there is not a very large portion of the
people of the United States who do not dance,
and who do not wish to pay their money or
have their property used for public balls?
Mr. NYE. No; I think not, Mr. President.
[Laughter.] I deny that proposition. I think
a very large majority do desire to danee ; and
when they get so old they cannot danee them-
selves, they desire to see others danee. I speak
