1282
THE CONGRESSION"AI/ GrLOBl.
February 17;
I
resolution (H. B. No. 376) to pay W. S. Morse
and Charles S. Shambaugh for services ren-
dered the Committee on Military Affairs of the
Mouse of Representatives, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 407) for the relief of Fred-
erick Schley, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (S. No. 953) for
the relief of Blanton Buncan ; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
DONATION OF SCnOOL BUILDING.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 218) donating to the public schools of
Washington, District of Columbia, the frame
building located at the southeast corner of
Twenty-Second street west and I street north,
in said city, to report it back without amend-
ment. I wish to state that this is a building on
leased ground for which the Government has
been paying a rent; the lease has expired, and
the building is of no further use to the Gov-
ernment, but would be of benefit to the city.
There is no sort of objection to it, and I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate that it
may be acted upon now. It will take but a
moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
siderthe joint resolution. It proposes to donate
to the city of Washington, for the use of the
public schools of the city, the frame building
now in the possession of the Frcedmen's Bu-
reau located on the southeast corner of Twenty-
Second street west and I street north, and to
direct the Commissioner, of the bureau to turn
over the building to the mayor of Washington
for the purpose stated, the transfer to take
effect from December 1, 1868.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
FINANCE BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to submit this order,
which I hope will be adopted by unanimous
consent:
Ordered, That Monday, tho 22d day of February,
after the morning hour, be set apart for the consid-
eration of bills from tho Committee on Finance.
There are several bills of public interest
reported by the committee which ought to be
considered.
The order was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to.
NAVAL LAWS.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that the report of the
committee of conference upon House bill No.
941 be taken up. It was ordered to be printed
the other day. It is properly in order m con-
nection with the reports of committees.
Mr. STEWART. If that is to occupy any
time I shall object. I wish this morning to call
up the constitutional amendment, and have
action on the request of the House of Repre-
sentatives for a conference on that subject.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Are resolutions
in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri proposes to take up a
report of a committee of conference.
Mr. DRAKE. That is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be read.
The report is as follows:
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing
a iMmf Ti t; «?Sses upon the amendments to
the bill (11. K. No. Ml) to amend certain acts in rela-
r 3? „toi f eo??JyPaad Ma«ne corps, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate repede from its first amendment
striking out thefirstsection of the bill and the enact-
ing clause of the second section, an4 %at the House
agree to an amendment of "said; first section by way
of substitute in the following terms:
That from and after the passage of this act the
active list of tho United States Marine corps shall
consist of the following officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, to wit:
One brigadier general commandant, one colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, three majors, one adjutant
and inspector, one paymaster, one quartermaster,
one assistant quartermaster, seventeen eaptains,
twenty-four first lieutenants, twenty-four second
lieutenants, one sergeant major, one quartermas-
ter's sergeant, one drum major, one principal musi-
cian, one hundred and sixty-seven sergeants, one
hundred and sixty-five corporals, thirty musicians
for band, fifty drummers, fifty lifers, and eighteen
hundred privates: Provided, That no commission of
any officer noW in the Marine corps shall be vacated
by this act, but no appointment shall be made in any
of the grades of said corps until the number of offi-
cers in thatgrade shall have been reduced below the
number herein authorized.
That the House agree to the second amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment as follows: strike
out the words "and no appointment of third assist-
ant engineer shall hereafter be made" and insert in
lieu thereof the words " and the grade of third assist-
ant engineer is hereby abolished, but no commission
of any officer of that grade who has been wounded
in battle while in the service shall be vacated by
the terms of this section, and any such officer now
in said grade shall, notwithstanding the disability
caused by such wound, be entitled to be examined
for promotion; anything in any previous law to tho
contrary notwithstanding."
That the House agree to the third amendment of
the Senate.
That the House agree to thefourth amendment of
the Senate with an amendment, to wit: strikeout
the words "shall on the first day of November next
be" and insert in lieu thereof the words "are hereby."
That tho House agree to tho fifth amendment of
the Senate.
That the House agree to the sixth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, to wit: strikeout
all after the word "merit" and insert in lieu thereof
the following: " and shall within one year after such
graduation be entitled to examination for promotion,
and successfully passing the same may then be pro-
moted to tho grade of ensign."
That tho House agree to the seventh amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment as follows, to wit:
strikeout all after tho enacting clause of said amend-
ment and insert in lieu thorcof tho following:
Any officer of the Wavy below the grade of com-
manderwho, upon examination for promotion, shall
not be found professionally qualified, shall be sus-
pended from' promotion for one year, when he shall
be reexamined, and in ease of his failuro upon such
reexamination ho shall be dropped from the service.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no promo-
tion to tho grade of commodoro on.the active list
shall bo made until the number in said giade shall
have been reduced below fifteen, which shall there-
after bo tho number allowed by law.
. Seo. —. And be it further enacted, That no promo-
tion to tho grade of lioutenant commandor on the
active list shall bo made until tho number in said
grado shall have been reduced bolow eighty, which
shall thereafter bo the number allowod by law; and
when the number of lieutenant commanders shall
havo boon so reduced the fifth section of the act to
define the number and regulate the appointment of
oflioers in the Navy, and for othor purposes, approved
July 25,1868, shall be repealed. And as the number
of lioutenant commanders shall be reduced tho
number of lieutenants shall bo increased until the
numbor in said grade on tho activo list shall bo two
hundred and eighty, which shall thereafter bo the
number of lieutenants allowed by law.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the number
of musters and ensigns allowed by law is hereby
established at one hundred in each of said grades,
and ensigns shall hereafter be steorage officers unless
assigned to duty as watch and division officers.
Nothing contained in this section shall be oonstrued
as vacating the commission of any master or ensign
now in tho service.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That of the officers
in this section specified tho number allowed by law
shall be as follows: surgeons, sevonty-five; passed
assistant surgeons, fifty; assistant surgeons, twenty-
five: paymasters, fifty; passed assistant paymasters
and assistant paymasters, twenty-live each. But
nothing herein contained shall be construed as va-
cating tho commission of any officer in either of said
grades now in the service.
Sec.—. And be it farther enacted, That the office of
Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate General is
hereby continued until the 30th do.y of June, 1869.
That the Senate recede from its amendment to iho
title of the bill.
C. T>. DRAKE,
JAMES W. NYE,
I\ T. FRELINGHUYSEN,
Managers on, the part of the Senate.
E. A. PIKE,
STEVENSON ARCHER,
T. E. STEWART,
Managers on the part of the House.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CONICLING. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to state the substance of this report.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state to the honorable
Senator from New York that he has a printed
copy of it on his desk in connection with House
bill No. 941. I will.stateto the honorable Sena-
tor that the whole purport and scope of the
amendments agreed upon by the committee of
conference is to reduce the expenses of the
Navy. The effect of the bill, if passed in that
shape, will be to reduce those expenses about
one million dollars per annum. That is the
general purport and effect of the report if
adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to vote for
a proposition that would do that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
Senator from Missouri tell us whether, these
amendments agreed to by the committee of
conference are all of them on points that were
in either the original bill or the Senate amend-
ments, or whether the committee of confer-
ence .undertook to go beyond the provisions
of the original bill and the Senate amendments
and to incorporate new subjects of legisla-
tion?
' Mr. DRAKE. I will state that the "whole
object of the original bill and the amendments
was in connection with the personnel of the
Navy, the reduction of the officers, the reduc-
tion of expenses; and when the two commit-
tees came together it was considered that no
amendment was put on the bill that did not
have a direct reference to those specific objects
in the bill. I not being familiar: with such
matters and with the scope of the powers of a
committee of conference made inquiry of gen-
tlemen long experienced in such matters—one
of them the Speaker of the House—and was
informed that there was no prescribed limit to
the action of a committee of conference upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
a bill; that it all rested not in a matter of rule
or order, but in the discretion of the two
Houses; and I find, on looking into the rules,
that there is nothing whatever in tjhe rules that
limits them in this matter. I hope the honor-
able Senator from Vermont will find in the
specific beneficial results to the Treasury and
to the public service in the amendments con-
tained in this report that which will induce
him not to insist upon any question with regard
to whether they were precisely germane to the
original bill and the amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This bill may possess all
the virtues known to legislation. 1 dare say
it does. The question that I rise to, and one
that is of importance, not so much on this par'
ticular bill as it may be on the course of legis-
lation, is whether it is competent for a com-
mittee of conference appointed by. the two
Houses to compose a, specific disagreement,
which is made specific by a distinct proposi-
tion upon one side and a distinct proposition
upon the other, to not only compose that, but
to go into general legislation touching the
Department to which that special legislation
may refer.
Now, my friend says that there is nothing in
the rule which prevents it. I respectfully sub-
mit that there is ; that tho committee of con-
ference is appointed for a specific object; that
is, to compare the opinions of the two Houses
on the point of disagreement; and that beyond
that they have not any authority at'all; and it is
reasonable that it should be so. Suppose there
were a bill passed by the Senate touching the
Lieutenant General of the Army of the United
States, as one is proposed to abolish the office,
and it should be amended in the House by
providing that the office should continue for a
year longer, and upon that disagreement it
should go to a committee of conference, ;s it
to be said that a committee of three gentleuen
of each Bouse have a right to reorganize the
whole Army of the United States under that?
No such question is submitted to them.
My objection is not for the purpose of de-
feating this particular bill. I dare say that all
the committee have done is what would meet
with general approval; but, for one, I enter my
objection against a committee of conference
undertaking to consider legislation, and to
introduce and pass legislation which has not
been referred to them. This bill plainly, on
looking it through, does that. .The original
