1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from some experience on that subject. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask the Senator if lie would not admit an amend-
ment to the resolution, to'have the "Black
Crook" performed here? [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. No, Mr. President, we have had
shows here for a long number of years, and my
friend has bee'nan actorin one to-day. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PATTERSON,of New Hampshire. Yes,
sir, and the clown is now playing his part.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I would not have theatrical shows
here, but on the day of great national festival,
on a day of a great triumph for human free-
dom, on the day of the elevation of the cham-
pion of the cause of liberty, old as I am, I shall
be quite inclined to dance myself, and I think
the spirit of the nation is such that the people
will feel like dancing. I propose to let them
dance. The idea that it will bring any dis-
honor on the Rotunda to allow dancing in it
under the well-regulated management of the
officers of the two Houses, is too ridiculous to
think of. We have seen worse exhibitions than
dancing here—[laughter]—a great deal worse
than that can possibly be. I do not believe my
friend from Wisconsin, although I know he
does not dance, has any religious scruples
about other people dancing, if they please.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the hon-
orable gentleman that I have no scruples about
allowing those to dance who desire to dance ;
but 1 do say that there is a large portion of
the American public, the religious public, who
do not believe in and who have religious scru-
ples against public balls. There is the Pres-
byterian church, there is the Methodist church,
there is the Baptist church, and there is the
Catholic church also, so far as the advice and
action of the clergy of that church are con-
cerned, opposed to public balls. Now, the
question is shall those people, who own this
Capitol just as much as those do who desire to
dance at public balls, be taxed. Shall they pay
the exp jnse of this arrangement? Shall their
building be used for that purpose? May it
not wound their sensibilities?
Mr. NYE. Possibly. I suppose I may speak
on that point, for I was baptized a Presbyte-
rian ; I have been judicially declared a Bap-
tist; I am by habit an Episcopalian, and by
inclination a Methodist. [Laughter.] There-
fore 1 am prepared to say a word on the point
now suggested. I think, embodying all these
creeds, 1 have a right to speak for them all. I
know there is a sort of objection among Pres-
byterians to public dancing; but go to their
houses and they will dance you blind. [Laugh-
ter.] So with the Episcopalians; so with the
Baptists; and so with the Methodists. There-
fore, I do not believe they will be greatly
shocked if there should be a ball in the Ro-
tunda of the Capitol. I hope, Mr. President,
that the festivitiesgf that occasion will not be
marred or the ol<readitionary custom broken
in upon because there is no place in the city
of Washington, the great capital of the nation,
to hold this ball. It will not hurt this Capitol.
Now, I rather think that after all what grieves
my friend from Wisconsin most is that he is
going to dance for the inauguration of Grant.
I hope now, sir, we shall reach the question
and take the vote. Let us have a dance.
My friend from Pennsylvania and my friend
from Massachusetts and my friend from Wis-
consin need not go unless they choose; but
I fancy they will be there if it is held, to give
dignity and honor to the occasion and to prove
that the several churches are not against it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say but a
single word. I, of course, did not favor the
election of General Grant, but I give my
honorable friend from Nevada to understand
that I do not desire in any respect whatever
to take anything from the joj of his friends at
his inauguration, and I have no disposition to
prevent those in Washington who desire to
take part in the inauguration ball from doing
so. * The only question with me is the ques-
tion of propriety, of setting the precedent of
opening for such purposes the Capitol, which
belongs to the whole people, when we know
that there is a large mass of the American
people belonging to the churches I have
named, although my honorable friend may
claim to belong to all of them, who would not
lend their sanction to public balls.
Mr. NYE. I saw people dance in the streets
here when Lee surrendered, and I danced
myself, and I believe the Senatof from Wis-
consin did, too.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe the Senator from
Nevada was hardly just in his reference to me.
I did not object to a ball, but I did object to a
ball under the roof of the Capitol; and I have
another strong reason why I oppose this reso-
lution, which I will state to him. I do not
believe in a ball where there is nothing to make
it joyful. A dry dance is no dance at all,
according to my notion. I want the ball to be
somewhere in the city where the young people
can go and enjoy themselves, and where the
old people can go and take somethiug that will
warm up their blood—something strongerthan
ice-cream—not spirits, for I will not run
counter to the ideas of my friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] but a little "gen-
erous wine." It helps theold and the young.
But, sir, I entirely disapprove of making this
Capitol a place for pleasantries of any kind.
It is set apart for the legislation of the coun-
try. I will go so far as to agree to walk through
the first dance with the Senator from Nevada,
if he desires it, for I should be honored in
walking through with him ; but I object to
making a precedent which will for all time
compel us not only to give this building for
dances at inauguration time but for other pur-
poses. I repeat., I would rather have no mili-
tary pageant here. I should greatly prefer to
have the President-elect ride to the Capitol in
his carriage or on horseback, or walk if ho
thinks proper, and come into this Chamber
and receive the oath of office as other men do.
I would not establish this dangerous prece-
dent. Why appropriate this Capitol for the
purpose ? It will cost but a few dollars to get
a place to dance in, as has been usual hereto-
fore ; and if we desire to encourage it why not
appropriate the money from our own pockets?
I would rather appropriate money, if gentle-
men think it right, from the public purse than
to make that grand-old Hall which the great
men of the nation honored by their presence,
which is made sacred by the eloquence of the
men who established this Government, a danc-
ing place to which all may come. I hope we
shall not pass this resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, had the
yeas and nays not been ordered on this reso-
lution I should have been content to withhold
the impression which it makes upon me ; but
as I am called upon to vote by the yeas and
nays, I beg to state the reasons which will lead
me to vote against its adoption.
The people of this country have managed
since the country began to inaugurate their
Presidents and conduct inauguration balls with-
out bringing them into the Capitol of the na-
tion. The question is, now, whether it is worth
while by force of this resolution to select, in
the first place, the most ill-contrived, the most
inconvenient, I might say the most impossible
place to conduct proceedings of this kind, and
say that they shall take place there ; and^ at
the same time bring them into that building
which, as has been truly said, pertains in its
proprietorship alike to all the people of this
country.
Something has been said about public opin-
ion. If I were to govern my utterance by what
I believe to be the public judgment I should
venture to state two conclusions: first, that
General Grant could swear into office and enter
upon his duties without any ball at aU, and the
preceeding would be entirely satisfactory to
the American people ; and second, if a ball is
to-occur, that it could take p'ace conveniently
and appropriately Outside of the Capitol; and
when it occurred that arrangements would be
more satisfactory, whatever place might be
selected, than it would be to have it occur in
the Capitol of the nation. I think that is what
public opinion would affirm, and "that is what
my judgment affirms. It seems to me that
this resolution is in the worst taste iind most
obnoxious to criticism in point of propriety of
various kinds. Therefore ( shall vote against
it, and if it fail the ball will occur no doubt,
as it has occurred heretofore, in a more appro-
priate and, I think, more convenient building.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. I have no sort of feel-
ing about the matter at all. I do not care
whether the resolution is passed or not ; but I
feel bound to defend the committee against the
charge which has been made of exceedingly
bad taste in allowing it to be brought in here.
Matters of' taste are a great deal matters of
opinion, and they depend very much on the
individuals. For myself, I conld not see any
objection when the application was made to me
individually, to these ceremonies, if you pleas©
to call them so, being held in the Capitol. We
all know what an inauguration ball means. It
means this simply: that on this occasion a
great many gentlemen and ladies from differ-
ent sections of the country come here as to an
occasion of rejoicing and from curiosity; they
like to meet each other; they like to have some
place where each can see the other and get
acquainted and enjoy the occasion. The mere
ceremonies of the inauguration are nothing.
For that reason heretofore it has been the
habit always to have something of this kind.
I see no harm in it, and I never heard thatany
complaint was made by any religious denom-
ination on account of it. Some of my friends
about me, who seem to have very strong feel-
ings on the subject, whose religious sentiments
are terribly outraged—my excellent friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron'] among the
number—with reference to this matter think
it would be a very shocking affair to desecrate
the Capitol of the nation by having ladies and
gentlemen meet there from different sections
of the country to interchange congratulations
and the amenities of social life, get acquainted
with each other; and if there should be a band
of music there and some of them should like to
dance gentlemen think that is a very humble
affair to take place in the Capitol of the nation!
Well, sir, I do not dance myself and never
did, I never go to balls ; I never went to an
inauguration ball in ray life, and never expect
to go to one. 1 believe 1 was a manager of ono
oncc, though I did not know it until I saw my
name on the card; but lrecollecttbat on cards
for inauguration baills I have seen the names
of the greatest and best men that our country
has produced as managers on those occasions,
the very best and the very ablest and most emi-
nent men of all political parties. They did not
seem to think there was any very great harm
in providing for the meeting of persons on such
an occasion. When I submitted the matter to
the committee there were two gentlemen on it
out of the five who happen to be Democratic
in politics; and I found them both ready to say
that they thought it was a very proper thing,
indeed, and they gave their assent to it with a
great deal of pleasure. There was no argument
about it one way or the other. Having that
instruction from the committee, I had the bad
taste to suggest that aU the members of the
committee but one agreed to it, and that all the
committee of the House agreed to it. Shocking
"bad taste" they had, some gentlemen think.
Now, sir. what is the harm? We have a
building here which may be used for this pur-
pose. It is not proposed to open these rooms
in which we meet; but we have a Botunda,
and we have a large hall, which was the old
Hall of Representatives. These parties wish
the use of them for the purpose of having this
social gathering of people from different parts
of the country. I may be exceedingly obtuse,
and my moral and religious sentiments may
he very shocking, but I do 'not thiak that afty*
