1284
TIP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1?,
they take an illegitimate cognisance and make
their distioctrecommendations to their respect-
ive Houses. I think that the report of the com-
mittee ought not to be received.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Kentucky
seems to imagine or speak of the proposition to
-Reduce the Marine corps as having come from
me.
', Mr. DAVIS. No. . .
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate will observe
that 1 was not a member of this conference
committee. I had nothing to do with- the
report, and I only accept it as the best I can
<jibtain. - Bat I will say to the Senator and to
tlie Senate that ifl had it iu my power I would
..reduce the Marine corps considerably below
where it is. According to the bill now under
consideration it is twenty per cent, higher than
it was before the war, ana I know no earthly
reason why there should be a greater number
of men or of officers in the Marine corps now
than there were before the war. I therefore
only accept this proposition as the best that I
can obtain; and whenever I can get p,n oppor-
tunity, I give notice to those gentlemen who
are so exceedingly anxious electioneering about
the Senate in behalf of the Marine corps that
. ifl can reduce them to where they were before
the war I shall use my utmost efforts to do it.
Mr. COLE. I have nothad time to examine
the report of the committee in connection with
the bills of the two ^Houses on which the dis-
agreement occurred, and I should like to in-
quire of the honorable Senator from Missouri,
who reports the action of the conference com-
mittee, whether there is any thing in it con-
firming staff rank in the Navy?
Mr. DRAKE. There is not a word on that
subject, one way or the other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
wish to occupy time ; but in reference to this
question of order, although I do not raise it
as a question for the Chair to decide on this
particular bill, but as to the duties and juris-
diction of a committee of conference, 1 wish
tp call the attention of the Senate to the first
joint rule, whioh provides for the appointment
of committees of conference on the disagree-
ing votesof the two Houses on amendments,
and provides for the meeting of the conferees,
and then it points out .specifically what they
.are to do, and that is " to give the reasons of
their respective Houses, for and against the
, amendment, and to confer freely thereon."
It will thus be seen that not only by common
parliamentary law, but by the express tenor
qf the first joint rule, the sole and only juris-
diction of a committee of conference is to
confer upon and dispose of the substantial
question of disagreement between the two
Houses. This is all I have to say. I do not
raise the question here for this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. It is the continuous and
universal usage of the Senate to violate that
rule, and nq conference committee could get
through its business without adding matter
made necessary by the agreement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be within
(.he rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
PRESIDENTIAL PARDONS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
oonsent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
to famish for the information of the Senate a list of
persons convicted for violating the revenue laws and
tor counterfeiting, stating the length of sentence to
imprisonment, the amount of fine in each case, and
who «t saoh persons have been pardoned by the
rresiaent, aha when such pardons were granted.
FORGED BOUNTY CHECKS.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
, Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether upon the payment of
the disbursing officers of the United States of Treas-
ury warrants on paymasters' cheeks io favor of dis-
charged soldiers issued for their bounties, to persons
not authorized tp receive thesame upon forged assign-
ments or receipts, the liability of the United States
to pay the same does not remain.
NATURALIZATION OP ALIENS.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I desire to move to
take up a private bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish' to offer
a resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I give way.
Mr. _FRELINGHUYSEN. I .submit the
following order:
Ordered, That next Saturday, after the morning
hour, be set aside for the consideration of the bill
regulating proceedings in naturalization of aliens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am in favor of my
friend's naturalization bill, and I think it very
much needed; but I see that the Senate is set-
ting apart for special subjects almost all the
days of this "week, and I am sure I shall speak
the wishes of some members of the Senate as
well as my own when I say that I wish to have
the Senate consider this week the subject of
the bill with regard to the tenure-of-office law;
and on that account I object, and shall continue
to object, to setting apart any more days for
any other bill-than that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I ought to raise any special objection to
this molionj if the Senate will allow me to take
.up and finish the Indian appropriation bill
to-day. If they will do that, I hope not to
trouble them with anything further from the
Committee on Appropriations this week, as
there are no other appropriation bills which
have yet come from the other House. The
Senate will then, so far as I am concerned, he
free for the rest of the week.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This matter is
one of considerable public interest, and the
Committee on the Judiciary have spent con-
siderable time in preparing the bill, and some
day should be set apart for its consideration.
If any other day would be more agreeable to
the Senate, if Tuesday would suit better, I
would not object to that.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that Monday will
be given to the consideration of the naturali-
zation bill, so called.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Monday is
already assigned to finance.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let Saturday be as-
signed to this bill and to the tenure-of-office
bill. Those are_ two important measures, and
if the Senate will say so they can pass them
both on Saturday. I hope that that day will
be set apart for those two measures.
Mr. POMEROY. If we amend the rules as
I have proposed we can pass them both in one
day, but not otherwise.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the res-
olution so as to include the other bill, and then
I hope it will pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves to amend the res-
olution by adding the words "and also the
bill known as the tenure-of office bill."
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the tenure-of-
office bill can be brought up to-morrow, but
if you crowd two important bills like these
into Saturday you cannot decide them on that
day. I think the tenure-of-office bill can be
brought up immediately after the Indian appro-
priation bill is disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Ohio
will pardon me, I did not propose to wait until
Saturday. I propose, if the Senate are willing,
to take it up the moment my friend from Maine
finishes his appropriation bill, and keep it up
until we gel a vote upon it. I wish gentle-
men of the Senate to understand that those
who have reported this bill with amendments
are quite ready, as an eminent personage has
said, to " fight it out on that line," and the
sooner they have the debate the better they
will like it.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to say, in addi-
tion to that, if the bill can be taken up to-mor-
row. although Saturday may be appointed for it,
it will be all right; the sooner the better. But
let Saturday be appointed, and if the Senate see
fit to take it up in advance 
Mr. EDMUNDS. But then we could not
do it.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I withdraw the
amendment.
The resolution was adopted.
JOHN MONTGOMERY* 1
Mr. BUCKALE W. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate joint resolution No. 168. I have not
called up a private bill during my six years of
service here. This is a claim of $2,900 in favor
of a citizen of my State for the use and occu-
pation of property. It is recommended by a
board of survey, and it is reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs unanimously.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 168)
for the relief of John Montgomery. It directs
the Secretary of War to pay John Montgomery
the sum of $2,900, or such amount as was
awarded him by a board of commissioners
appointed by Brigadier General Thomas Run-
yon, as ordered by General Irwin McDowell,
which award was made July 5, 1861.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to amend the
resolution so as to make it exactly according
to the report. In line four I move to insert
the words " and seventeen " after the word
" hundred," and in line five to strike out the
words " or such" and to insert "and seven-
teen cents, the," and after the word "amount"
to strike out the words " as was;" so that it
will read:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to pay to John Montgomery the sum of
$2,917 17, the amount awarded said Montgomery by
a board of commissioners, Ac.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inquire what com-
mittee reported this resolution ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Committee on
Military Affairs. I have all the papers lying
before me.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What was the occasion
of the claim? How did it originate?
Mr. BUCKALEW. From the occupation
of property by the Army.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curerd.iti. The joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
take up the message from the House of Rep-
resentatives asking for a conference on the
constitutional amendment.
Mr. THAYER. The morning business is
in qrder, and I wish to introduce a bill. I
have been trying for half an hour to get an
opportunity to do so.
Mr. STEWART. This is a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. THAYER. The morning business is
privileged.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada.
The motion was agreed to.
The action of the House of Representatives
was read, as follows:
In theHouse of Representatives, February 15,1869:
Iteaolved, That the House non-concur in the
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 402) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, and ask a conference
with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon. -
Ordered, That Mr. Botttwdll, Mr. Shellabarger,
and Mr. Eldkidob be the committee on the part of
the House.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House of Representatives.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When the military recon-
struction bill was passed the same proceeding
occurred in reference to that bill as occurred iu
reference to this resolution. The House dis-
agreed to the amendment proposed by the
Senate, and suggested a committee of confer-
ence. I had the honor then to have charge of
that bill, and proposed that the Senate agree
