332*
THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
body will be harmed by it. If gentlemen's
feelings are so very acute that they cannot
witness that desecration of the Capitol by peo-
ple just as respectable and as good as they
are, then all they have to do is to stay away
■ in case the thing should happen. I do not
know that General Grant will be present. It
is not exactly a part of the ceremonies of the
occasion, but it is about as sensible as a great
many of the ceremonies that we do vote money
for.. This does not call for an appropriation.
These people propose to pay the expenses of
the ball themselves. For my part I really
think that the committees of the two Houses,
when the question was stated to them, came
to a very sensible conclusion, not only that it
was proper to have this social gathering, but
that it was very appropriate, as they ask to
give these people the use for one evening of
the Rotunda of the Capitol for that purpose;
but if the Senate shall decide otherwise it will
be quite as satisfactory to me.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I am not op-
posed to dancing, and am ready to take a part
in it when it is not scientific. I could join my
friend from Nevada or the Senator from Wis-,
consin in a reel or a cotillon; and I would be wil-
ling to hail with gladness, with songs of joy, with
bonfires, with illuminations, the inauguration
of General Grant as President of the United
States; but, sir, I do think, really, that the
Capitol of the United States is not the place
for dancing. It is against the religious senti-
ments of the country, or at least a large por-
tion of men whose feelings we should respect.
This is the theater for legislation, for high and
grand debate, not the place for dancing. Let
us keep the Capitol sacred for the purposes
for which it was designed. Jt is outside of
the Capitol that daucing should take place. I
shall certainly vole against the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not wish
to say anything that shall cast reflections on
the committee that have brought this matter
here. I do not think we ought to do so, but I
believe that they and all of us will see that this
is a mistake if the resolution shall be adopted,
and therefore I hope it will not be. Some per-
sons say here that they are opposed to it on
principle. I believe there are men in Congress
who are opposed to it on principle, and there
are a great many people in the country who
will accord with them and go further than they
will. There are many sacred memories about
that old Hall; people feel them ; and in that
Rotunda less than four years ago a murdered
President lay, and tens of thousands of the peo-
ple passed by to gaze on his face for the last
time.
1 do not think that that old Hall where John
Quincy Adams fell on the post of duty, and
that Rotunda where a murdered President was
brought, should be converted into dancing
halls. If we want to dance let us have a build-
ing erected, as was done, I think, when Mr.
Buchanan was inaugurated. We know very
well what these balls are. I remember some*,
thing about them, and remember some of the
scenes of the last one. Some high officials
were there in a condition not very creditable
to themselves or the country. Although it is
proposed here that there shall be no liquors
allowed in the building, you will find liquors
will either come in in bottles or come in in
some other way. A gentleman who was once
in the Senate, Mr. Nesmith, on one occasion
spoke of the wonderful capacity of some man
on the Pacific coast to throw himself around a
pint of whisky; and I think we shall find on
that occasion there will be a great many per-
sons here who will have great capacity for
throwing themselves around whisky. I think
that the thing had better he let alone. This
matter had better be dropped, and I believe
we shall all be glad of that determination. If
we pass this resolution I think we shall all
regret it, or most of us will regret it after the
resolution is adopted.
Mr. M 0 RTON. I have no prejudice against
dancing or against Hails', and I think it not at all i
improper that there should be an inauguration
ball for the purpose mentioned by the Senator
from Maine. I myself rejoice as heartily in the
election of General Grant as any other Senator,
and I should be glad to see the occasion a fes-
tive one, a joyful one; but, Mr. President, there
are proprieties in regard to time and place.
That which may be perfectly proper in one
place may not be proper in another. I do not
believe that there is propriety in having a ball
in the Capitol of the United States. I believe
it would be essentially in bad taste, and would
be so regarded by a large portion even of those
who are fond of dancing and think there is
nothing wrong about it. I think there would
be just as much propriety in asking the vestry
or trustees of any church in this city to allow
the use of their church for a public ball or for
an inauguration ball as to ask Congress for
the use of the Capitol. Therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent, I shall vote against this resolution. It
will be drawn into a precedent on other occa
sions, and will be a precedent for asking the
Capitol for many other purposes beside in-
auguration balls. We have h^d inauguration
balls before and it was never thought necessary
to hold them in the Capitol. They can be
provided for outside of the Capitol just as well
now as upon former occasions.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the Senator from Iowa, who,
I believe, was Secretary of the Interior at the
time, how much it cost to put the rooms of the
Patent Office in repair or in a suitable condi-
tion for work after the bail which was held
there ?
Mr. HARLAN. The part of the Patent
Office building occupied by the public for a
ball was not at that time completed ; it was the
north wing of the building, but other portions
of the building had to be opened to enable the
public to get access to the hall. I was not at
the time Secretary of the Interior, and was not
present, but afterward there were bills paid for
repairing the furniture and fixtures in that
part of the building which had been completed
and was occupied by the officers of the Gov-
ernment. I do not now remember how much
they amounted to ; I should think not to ex-
ceed from two to four thousand dollars.
Mr. SUMNER. Repairs?
Mr. HARLAN. Repairs of the furniture
and plastering of the walls and things of that
kind.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think this is quite too
important a question to be decided to night.
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no. Let us vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. Senators all around me
say they are ready to vote, and ask me to with-
draw the motion. I do so.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 81, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Gonness, Davis. Edmunds, Terry, JPessenden, Fowler,
Howard. Kellogg, McDonald, Nye, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Rice, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Van Winkle,
Wade, and Williams—-22.
. NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew,Cameron,Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Frelinghuy-
sen, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Hendricks, McUreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson of
jNew Hampshire, Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Vickers, War-
ner, WiUey, Wilson, and Yates—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Drake, Henderson,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Osborn. Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Tipton, Welch, and Wbyte—13,
So the resolution was rejected.
representative reform.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore announced
the appointment of the select Committee on
Representative Reform—Mr. Buckalew, Mr.
Anthony, Mr. Ferry, Mr. Morton, Mr.
Warner, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Wade.
counting op presidential vote.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent:
Bteolved, That the President of the Senate be au-
thorized to appoint the teller on the part of the Sen-
ate, provided for in the twenty-second joint rule of
the two Houses, to receive and count the votes for
President and Vice President.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Let the rule referred to
be read.
' Mr. CONKLING. The twenty-second joint
rule covers everything except that it does not
provide for the mode of the appointment.
This resolution is simply to give the power to
the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER, Let the rule be read.
The twenty-second joint rule was read, as
follows:
"The two Houses shall assemblein theHall of the
House of Representatives at the hour of one o'clock
p. m., on the second Wednesday m February next,
succeeding the meeting of the electors of President
and Vice President of the United States, and the
President of the Senate shall be their Presiding Offi-
cer ; one teller shall be appointed on the part of the
Senate and two on the partof tho House of Repre-
sentatives, to whom shall be handed, as they are
opened by the President of the Senate, the certifi-
cates of the electoral votes; and said tellers, having
read the same in the presence and hearing of the two
Houses then assembled, shall makealistofthevotes
as they shall appear from the said certificates; and
the votes having been counted, the result of tho same
shall be delivered to the President of the Senate, who
fhall thereupon announce the state of the vote and
the names, of the persons, if any, elected ; which an-
nouncement shall be deemed a sufficient declaration
of the persons eleeted President and Vice President
of the United States, and, together with a list of the
votes, be entered on the Journals of the two Houses.
If upon the reading of any such certificate by the
tellers any question shall arise in regard to counting
the votes therein certified, the same having been
stated by the Presiding Officer, tho Senate shall
thereupon withdraw, and said question shall be sub-
mitted to that body tor its decision; and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives bh.ilJ, in like man-
ner. submit said question to the House of Repre-
sentatives for its decision; and no question shall be
decided affirmatively and no vote objected to shall
be counted except by the concurrent votes of thetwo
Houses; which being obtained, the two Houses shall
immediately reassemble and the Presiding Officer
shall then announce the decision of thequestion sub-
mitted, and upon any such question there shall be
no debate in either House; and any other question
pertinent to the objeet for which the two Houses are
assembled may bo submitted and determined in like
manner. Atsuch joint meeting ot the two Houses seats
shall be provided as follows: for the President of
the Senate, the " Speaker's chair;" for the Speaker,
a chair immediately upon his left; the Senators in
the body of the Hall* upon tue right of the Presiding
Officer; for the Representatives, in the body of the
Hall not occupied-by the Senators; for the tellers,
Secretary of the Senate, and Clerk of the House of
Representatives, at the Clerk's desk; for the other
officers of the two Houses, in front of the Clerk's
desk and upon either side of the Speaker's platform.
Such joint meeting shall not be dissolved until
the electoral votes are all counted and the resuitde-
elared; and no reccss shall be taken uuless a question
shall have arisen in regard to counting any of such
votes, in which case it shall be competent for either
House, acting separately, in the manner hereiube-
fore provided, to direct a recess, not beyond the next
day at the hour of one o'clock p. m."
The resolution was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
that to-morrow I shall, if I can get the floor,
move to postpone the Sue Murphev bill with a
view to take up the bill reported by me char-
tering some companies !o^>uild railroads. I
do not desire to argue it n™ but I give notice
that I will take the sense of the Senate to-
morrow on the question of taking it up if I
shall get the floor.
Mr. POMEROY". I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I make this motion with the consent
of the Senator from South Carolina, who is
entitled to the floor on the pending bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Unless the Senator has
something special in view I object to the motion.
It is twenty minutes after four, and it is too
late to conclude any business in executive ses-
sion to-day. If the Senaror wants an execu-
tive session for any formal purpose, as, for
instance, to make a report, 1 shall not object.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw the motion
now, but I give notice that to-morrow, at half
past two o'clock, I will call for an executive
session.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn*
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
aajmirneH.
