1869.
Ml CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
tm
to the coBafcittee of conference; birt It was
then declared by Senators all around me that
that was altogether a matter too important to
be referred to a committee of conference, and
that ths subject should be considered -and de-
cided in open Senate. If that Mil was of so
much consequence as not to be a proper one
to be referred to a committee of Conference it
appears to me that this constitutional amend-
ment certainly is liable to the same argument;
and I suggest that it will be altogether new, I
think, in the history of this country that a con-
stitutional amendmentshould be framed by a
committee -of conference. So far as I am con-
cerned I am opposed to it.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. • I ask for the
order of the day.
Mr. CONNESS. This is a privileged ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. STEWART. I beg pardon; this is a
privileged question,which supersedes the order
of the day. - - •
• The PRESIDENT The report
of the committee of conference is a privileged
question. .
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is not a privileged
question.
Mr. STEWART. The motion for a com-
mittee of conference is a privileged question.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the Chair to
have decided the question, and I have the floor.
I wish to say in reply to the honorable Senator
from Oregon, for a moment, that I remember
the occasion that he cites very well, but the
objection at that time to referring the subject-
matter to a committee of conference of both
Houses was not alone because it was a great
and important issue, but because of the then
existing differences on that subject among the
majority of the Senate, which had been debated
and dieeussed by tbem, and those disagreements
being well known andunderstood itwasdeemed
by the Senate best not to commit their consid-
eration to a committee of conference. I agree
with the Senator that ordinarily or generally it
were better that constitutional amendments
should not go to a conference; but when Houses
divide widely there is no way of avoiding it as
a means of settlement and adjustment; and
we can determine when the report of the com-
mittee of conference shall be presented to us
whether the adjustment and settlement arrived
at will be acceptable or not. I hope that the
Senate will consent to the appointment of the
conference.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it is in order
to agree to this request of the House for a
committee-of conference, or to disagree or to
recede.- I wish to ask the Chair whether it
would be in order to recede with an amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; that
is not in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia assumes 
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator, before
he begins, to allow us to understand the ques-
tion. Did the Chair say that it was not in
order to recede with an amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did so inform the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not hear the-de-
cisiou.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the law, unques-
tionably.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia assumed that the Chair had decided
that this particular business has preference
over other business of the Senate. I ask the
Attention of the Chair to this consideration :
this is not a report from a committee of con-
ference, bat it is the action of the House of
Representatives sent back to the Senate for
the Senate's consideration; and in that stage
I have never known it to be held that it had
priority over other business. It is simplythe
information communicated by the Hou#e of
Representatives that the House does wt «cw
cur in the amendments the Senate hss made
to its proposition, and asking the Senate to
consent to refer them to a committee. So when
it comes up the question is, shall the resolu-
tion be referred upon the suggestion of the
House ? and" I insist that that is not a privi-
leged question,'and that the previous business
has priority.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The recol-
lection of the Chair is, that all that pertains to
committees Of conference, both agreeing to the
report Of the committee and a motion on a
message from the other House asking the Sen-
ate to appoint a committee of conference, are
privileged questions. The Chair may be wrong,
and he will take the sense of the Senate upon
the question if it is desired.
Mr. STEWART. I will simply say that if
we cannot have the conference 
Mr. PERRY and Mr. CONNESS. Let as
rote on the conference.
Mr. STEWART. Yery well.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I sup-
pose W& ate now at a stage of the proceedings
of Congress on this'constitutional amendment
where it is necessary to take a final view of the
subject. A proposition was formed by the
House of Representatives and sent to us. A
different proposition was formed by the Senate
and sent to the House. The House proposi-
tion was to establish a new or a uniform rule
of suffrage throughout the United States which
should be applicable to Federal and State elec-
tions, and its main object was to permit colored
suffrage in all the States. The Senate propo-
sition, the one which after consideration was
preferred by this body and was sent by it to the
House of Representatives, was much more com-
prehensive. It applied not only to the ques-
tion of suffrage in the several States, but also
to the question of holding office. It proposed
to a certain extent to regulate the right of suf-
frage in the States, whether for State or national
purposes, and also to prescribe a rule under
which all State and Federal officers should
hereafter be held.
Now, sir, it is proposed that these proposi-
tions, made respectively by the House and the
Senate, shall be turned over for farther consid-
eration to a committee of three members from
each House, who will have power to agree with
each other to accept either the House or the
Senate proposition, or to report anew one com-
pounded of both or consisting in its leading fea-
tures of the one proposition and other features
borrowed from the other, and possibly also with
the interjection of new matter not heretofore
considered in either House or passed upon by
either House.
Described in general terms, then, what will
this committee of conference have before them ?
Two great questions, questions of transcendent
importance in this country, where government
rests upon the will and consent of the people.
They will bavetheimportant question of suffrage
both for the States and for this Government
in their hands and measurably under their con-
trol, because whatever form they may give to
their proposition it must be adopted by each
House as it is reported, or rejected in toto ; it
cannot be amended. They will have also be-
fore them the question of the qualification for
holding office under the governments of the
respective States and measurably also under
the Government of the United States.
Now, Sir, here will be a singular condition
of things raised by the former action of this
body on this particular point. This commit-
tee of conference will have control over the
question of qualification for holding office in
the respective States, and may report to us a
distinct and complete rule extending to the
question of nativity, of religious belief, of race
or color, and of property, while provisions
upon some of these particulars in the Consti-
tution of the United States, as to Federal offi-
cials, will remain unchanged. Yob may pre-
scribe to a State a rule which will exclude her
altogether from requiring particular qualifica-
tions of persons holding office under her con-
stitution and laws, and yet your own Federal
Constitution, under wfcich you act, prajfei#
Similar quaMeatibhS, standing there as pet'-*
manetit features of your Federal system.
It follows, Mr. President, from what I have
already said, that these •subjects are of great
importance, and that the inotioa now made by
the Senator from Nevada deserves and demands
most careful consideration before we assent to'
it and turn over these questions to three mem-
bers of each House of Congress, selected' Irr
the Presiding" Officers and empowered to m
shape and arrange the features of the propose!
amendment that the two Houses will be com-
pelled to take the proposition as they make it
entire,' under peril of giving up altogether the
question of amending the Constitution under a
resolution passed at this session. Yes, sir,we
are invited, challenged, to debate (his subject
of constitutional amendment now, to consider
it and to understand it thoroughly now before
we abdicate our authority and jurisdiction over
it, and transfer them to a committee of confer-
ence selected at hazard or according to the
accident of the individual preferences_ of the
Presiding Officers of the respective uodics, fo#
whom, by the way, as gentlemen and as states-
men, I have entire respect.
What necessity—nay, sir, what reason of
public policy is there in favor of a proposition
for extending the authority of this Government
and the amendment power of the Constitution
to the question of qualification to hold office
under a State constitution ?
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will give
way to me, I will withdraw the motion and make
another.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is it that is pro-
posed ?
Mr. STEWART. I propose to move to re-
cede from our amendment and concur in the
House resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will go on with my
remarks with the advantage of information as
to the motion which we are to vote upon.
I have noticed, sir, for several years that
upon political issues which appear herein Con-
gress, whether in the form of propositions to
amend the Constitution of the United States,
or in the forms of ordinary legislation, whether
by bill or joint resolution, the House of Rep-
resentatives always insists that its particular
views shall prevail, and in nine cases oattif
ten the House has its way; its will and its opin-
ions prevail; and it is very possible now that
upon this question of amending the Constitu-
tion, or rather of forming a proposition of
amendment, the House of Representatives,
according to the accepted practice of Congress
for many years upon political questions, will
again prevail. Formerly* a member of that
House, a man of peculiar mental organization,
and in point of fact exercising upon particular
classes of questions a sort of mastership in the
House, had his will uniformly gratified either
by direct concession of the Senate or by an
arrangement in a committee of conference, of
which he was ordinarily himself a member.
This thing was so constant, was repeated SO
often, that at last I came to expect it as a
matter of course that whenever there was a
question relating in any waj to politics or in-
volving political considerations the Hotise or
the man who controlled the House would event-
ually have it his own way; voting it down or
amending it would amount to little or nothing,
for sooner or later, and whether the Senate
would be reluctant or willing, the will of the
House and of the man who gave direction to
the'action of the House was sure to prevail.
There was apparently at one time a notable
exception to this. A bill was sent over here
from the House for military governments in
the southern States. After a prolonged debate
here in the Senate a proposition for recon-
struction was attached to it as a Senate amend-
ment ; but it was comparatively a liberal meas-
ure in its first form. It was not very unaccept-
able to many of those who were opposed to the
SoHtical majority. It went back to the House.
ow, sir, a superficial observer ont of doors
might say that the House courteously agreed
