334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Lfet me say here that 110 question of feeling
Against the present Executive or what the
Executive may do should influence any gen-'
tieman on ihis question,for this power ig needed
to meet, a case limt may arise when we are not
in session. When we are in session we can at
once adviseorrestrain movements in thisdirec-
tion as we choose. There is now a revolution
goingon ill Cuba in which we can take no part
until the people of that Government have put
themselves in a position to receive our pro-
tection by conquering their own independ-
ence, and then we should be in condition to
assert our traditional doctrine, known as the
Monroe doctrine, that there must be no unwill-
ing dependencies of a European Government
on the American continent. I call the atten-
tionof gentlemen who represent States that
are interested in having the Mississippi river
open to the navigation of the world to the fact
that it isnecessary to the full enjoyment of that
navigation that we should have a right to
extend our protection to our commerce in all
the islands of the West Indies.
Let me say further that we have by our ac-
tion put ourselves in a very anomalous posi-
tion ill regard to some of these islands. Our
Executive called upon Denmark and asked to
have the people of St. Thomas vote whether
they would belong to Denmark or to this coun-
try. That people voted that they preferred to
belong to this country, and thereupon they
seem to have shut themselves off from Den-
mark, while we are not yet ready or willing to
ratify the treaty by which we agreed to pay
money lor that island. And let me say to this
House that by my proposition I do not look in
any degree toward paying any money for any
island or other laud on the American conti-
nent. As I opposed the purchase of Alaska,
so I should oppose hereafter the purchase of
any foot of soil, But the Question now is as
to extending the protection of a republican
Government, Gentlemen may ask, " Do you
propose armed intervention?" To that I
answer that the resolution carefully and ex-
pressly guards itself, by providing that the
intervention or protection shall not be incon-
sistent with the laws of nations, violating no
treaty stipulation and no national right. How
such protection can be extended within the
laws of nations is perfectly well settled by
almost every text-writer that treats upon that
subject, therefore the simple question is this,
to put it in plain, homely language: shall wo
have our momhs open ready to catch the plum
winch is now ripe and ready to fall, or shall
we keep them shut and permit it to fall in the
mouths of others? ■//
Ami a word further ; that for one I think
the time lias come for action upon thissnbject
J his project cannot be met successfully by the
assertion that there is 110 precedent for it.. Sir
there is no precedent for our position in the j
history of the world. There is 110 precedent 1
lor our power. Ihere is no precedent for our
influence on this continent. But there is a
precedent for us m every act of this Govern-
ment toward the young republics of South
America, 111 every act extending a helpim?
hand to every people desiring either a repub
beau government or a stable government un-
der republican forms. And I trust that we
shall not throw cold water upon the effort for
the emancipation of slavery in Cuba, whether
white or black, upon the efforts toward good
government 111 Dominica and Hayti, and upon
the disposition of those islands, so valuable in
a commercial point of view, to put themselves
under our protection.
X have listened to the amendment of my verv
conservative friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spall
Iag.J I know that he only desires to add to
this resolution so that possibly the Sandwich
islands, and perhaps some others in the Pacific
ocean may be brought within its scope. Now
while f do not. mean to antagonize the propo-
sitions submitted by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, which [ shall snp.
port if I cannot get my own adopted, still I
desire that we shall make this a general pro-
vision, putting in the hattds of the Executive
the power to act, provided he shall pay no
money for purchase, shall incur 110 expendi-
ture, and do no act unless he immediately re
ports to Congress, and especially that, he shall
do 110 act contravening the law of nations.
Mr. Delako obtained the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say a few
words upon this subject.
Mr. DELANO. I will yield to my col-
league.
Mr. SPALDING. As I have offered an
amendment, to the substitute moved by thegen-
tleinan from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] I
desire^ to say a few words. I think I have
oftentimes said upon the floor of this House
that, I was impressed with the belief that it was
the destiny of the American Government to
spread itself not only over the whole continent
of America, but over all the islands adjacent
thereto. And I believe this: if there be any-
thing^ decreed in the councils of Infinite Wis-
dom it is this very fact. It is merely a ques-
tion of time.
Now, sir, I do not say that it is sound na-
tional policy at this time to adopt any resolu-
tion upon this subject. But if we adopt any
resolution to any extent, then, I say, let us
open it wide enough to embrace acquisitions
from either ocean, the Atlantic or the Pacific.
And the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] does irie no more than justice when
he says I have reference to a cluster of islands
in the Pacific ocean in which the work of dis-
integration is now^apidly going on. Thepear
is nearly ripe en<%h to fall, and when it does
fali it must fall into the Aitierican lap.
I ask, therefore, that the members of this
House, and especially those who are inter-
ested in the prosperity of the Pacific coast,
vote for my proposition, which is in accord-
ance with the spirit engraven upon the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. liuTLBB.] ]t_ strikes me, sir, that
the proposition is sufficiently guarded. We
incur no risk of expense; we incur no risk of
a breach of a treaty of peace or of any neu-
tralitv laws. We guard against that by the
provision inserted by the astute gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] in his sub-
stitute. The President can only extend this
protectorate when the application comes vol-
untarily from the people interested, and with-
out infringing any law of nations, any treaty,
or any neutrality law. No money can be ex-
pended except upon application to Congress.
/No armed force can be employed but by the
authority of Congress. The resolution being
thus guarded, I, as a conservative man, (the
gentleman emphatically says lam ''conserva-
tive," but upon this subject—perhaps it is the
only one—he will find me more radical, I trust
than himself,) will go "as far as he who goes
the furthest." I shall vote for the amendment
to the substitute; I shall then vote for the snb-
Stitue as amended, and for the original reso-
lution.
r,rlroT>ELAN0- 1 yieW t0 my colleague
[Mr. Shei.t.abarger] for as long a time as he
may desire.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
have not sought the floor upon this extraordi-
nary proposition because of any supposition
that the views I may submit to the House will
be either new or useful, but simply to indicate
why I cannot support either the original prop-
osition of the chairman of the Committee on
1< oreign Affairs or any of the amendments that
have been submitted to the House. It is con-
ceded both by the chairman and by other gen-
tlemen who have spoken that this proposition
is extraordinary—not only extraordinary in the
common sense of the term, but so extraordi-
nary that it is unprecedented in the history of
this Government. That a proposition thus un-
precedented should be brought into the House
atthis time, unapproved as it is by any com-
mittee of this House, and sought to be disposed
of as this one is sought to be, is to me rather a
subject of surprise.
Let us for a moment or two examine what
this proposition is. Tn its substance and effect
I understand it. to be a proposition by which
the power, the force, the authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall be trans-
ferred by Congress to the Executive of (he
United States, to be exercised under bis unre-
strained discretion in " protecting"—that is the
operative and significant word of the resolu-
tion—in protecting the governments or the
people of those islands indicated in the resolu-
tion._ If it does not mean this it means just
nothing at all. The Executive is to be author-
ized toprotectthese Governments or these peo-
ple. Now, in the first place, I ask my fellow-
members to consider what that word protect,
involves and means. If there is to be protec-
tion extended it must be a protection to be
found in something, or else, as I have said, the
resolution is meaningless. I shall assume, for
the purpose of what I have to say, that it does
mean something. Thatprotection,Mr. Speaker,
can be given by the exercise of the authority of
this Government in the only way in which that
authority ol the Governmentcan be exercised;
that is, by the force which is found in the pro-
tection of the military and naval authority of
your Government. You have no other way of
" protecting'' them than this. That moral pro-
tection which is to be found in the mere adop-
tion of resolutions, in declarations of sympathy
or of approval or disapproval, or which is to
be found in the ordinary instrumentalities of
diplomacy——such moral protection is clearly not
the protection meant. Then, sir? it comes to
this: a proposition that we shall now protect
by the military and the naval authority of this
Government tho peoples of these islands or their
Governments.
I know there are "salvos" in the latter part
of the resolution, requiring that the President '
shall submit to Congress his action in the mat-
ter, and also a proviso that it shall cost us noth-
ing. But I submit that these provisions and
salvos in the resolution of the chairman oft.be
Committee on Foreign Affairs, if it were not
introduced by a gentleman so honorable, so
ingenuous, so frank and outspoken, might be
denominated a '' springe to catch woodcocks;''
and it would, I think, be a very young wood-
cock in legislation that would be caught bv that
which is appended to this resolution. It is to
cost us nothing, is it? We by the resolution
solemnly decide that these Governments and
their people shall be protected, and then there
is an authorization to the President to extend
that protection. It is to be effectual; it is not
to be meaningless, but it is to be protection,
and the President is demanded by the high
command of the two Houses of Congress, speak-
ing in the imperial voice of law, to attain that
high end, the protection of these peoples and
Governments. And then we admonish him
that this execution of our high command shall
cost. U3 nothing!
_ First the action is to go forward, the projec-
tion is to proceed ; thebefriended Government
is to be, by our commanding guardianship,
made perpetual. This is the thing authorized
by the resolution. When the protection of this
Kepubhc goes to these new wards of the nation
it goes out under the sanction of Congress
given m a joint resolution of the two Houses
Of Congress. We command the President, in
all the emphasis and meaning of that word
protect.," but protect so that it shall not
cost. Ihat iswhattheresolution, itisavei'ieil,
comes to. But, sir, the resolution means that
there shall be an effective thing done under it,
and that thing cannot be less than that this
Government shall protect; and by the resolu-
tion we agree that all the costs and conse-
quences involved in giving that protection and
111 making it good and perpetual against all
who may come to forbid, come either from the
people there or other nations.
Suppose that the President has done this
thing—has protected ; that our Navy has been
used tor the purpose of tins protection ; that it,
nas been sent there and has done what amounts
to piotection, and it has involved expenditure,
who would vote that that protection thus au-
