1869.
TBE OO^GEBSSIOFAL GLOBE.
its coarse and be finished than to go tbiwigh
the form of proceeding thai we had yesterday
and raise these questions one after another. It
is best to finish that which is up that we know
must be determined, and let it go, even if it
delays other bills for a short time. I suggest
to my colleague whether it is not better ontbe
■whole to finish this matter. I suppose the
Senator from Pennsylvania will get through
his speech some day or other, so that we can
vote before the adjournment on this measure.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Inasmuch as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania does not speak very
often nor ordinarily at great length, the pre-
sumption is in favor of precisely the result the
Senator from Maine supposes.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. I thought go. I sug-
gest that it is better to finish this matter and
not have question upon question raised, and
nothing finished.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My object was
to facilitate the business of the Senate. My
object was to reach the Indian appropriation
bill, which is in my charge. I thought if I got
this matter out of-the way the Senate would
then indulge me in sa motion to proceed to the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill;
but if it is the judgment of our friends that this
matter had better go on I will not interpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The prior-
ity of business is under the control of the Sen-
ate. They can postpone this and all other
orders to take up the appropriation bill if they
choose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw my
suggestion for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I shall
endeavor to make my remarks as brief as pos-
sible upon this second question on whieh I
was entering when interrupted by the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire
to call the attention of the Chair to the fact
that some days ago, at my instance, the bill to
reorganize the judicial system of the United
States was inade the special order for to-day at
one o'clock, and I think I am entitled to call
it up.
Mr. DRAKE. The unfinished business of
yesterday takes precedence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When the hour of one
o' clock arrived this bill should have been called
up. I wish to know if I am not, under the
rules of the Senate, entitled to call it up. It
was set down for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. MORTON. I sincerely hope the Sen-
ate will not now lose its hold on this constitu-
tional amendment until it is disposed of one
way or the other. The adoption of the con-
stitutional amendment by the States, if it shall
be passed by Congress, depends very much
upon the question of "time. Every day that is
now lost in passing this amendment through
Congress endangers its adoption by the States,
and those who are the friends of the amend-
ment in some form or other, I hope, will-not
consent that it shall be displaced until it is dis-
posed of. I have my own form that I prefer
to any other; but if I cannot get my choice,
perhaps I will take something that I think is
not quite so good. This question is upon us,
and it must be disposed of. We cannot afford
for very many reasons to allow it to remain in
this condition beyond this session of Con-
gress. I hope, therefore, that no other meas-
ure will be allowed to be considered until the
constitutional amendment is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has the floor unless he
yields it for this motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have given way for
gentlemen to make suggestions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not a motion I
make. I call tor the order that was set down
for one o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It i? the
opinion of the Chair that when the Senate
have passed that order and h%ve t&ken Hp otter
business, it has lost its priority.,
Mr. TRUMBULL. This was taken up be-
fore one o'clock. No business has been taken
up since one o'clock. TM3 was under consid-
eration before one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has the floor, and none
of these motions can be made until this ques-
tion is got out of the way.
• Mr. BUCKALEW. I have, I repeat, given
way twice to suggestions as to the order or
priority of business. Otherwise, I desire to
hold the floor and to pursue my remarks at
this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will proceed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] on a former occasion
pronounced a strong denunciation of electoral
colleges for the choice of President and Vice
President of the United States. In that he
uttered the voice of public opinion everywhere,
long formed, about whieh there is no dispute.
These colleges are badly constituted; they do
not operate well nor to accomplish the purpose
of their original institution. With reference
to all that I think there is a general agree-
ment. But the Senator went on to make an-
other remark, and that was that he preferred
a direct vote by the people of the United States
for candidates for these great offices of Presi-
dent and Vice President.
Sir, he followed the lead of great men in
expressing that opinion or desire. President
Jackson made a recommendation of a change
of the Constitution to secure such a popular
vote, I think, in six annual messages. It was
a favorite question of reform with the late Sen-
ator Benton. I believe you, sir, also a few
years ago introduced the question into the Sen-
ate and had a formal proposition for amending
the Constitution of the United States con-
sidered here.
Now, Mr. President, theoretically it is un-
derstood through the country that the people
do choose their President themselves, that they
vote for him, and the machinery of the Electoral
College is looked upon as surplusage, unneces-
sary—as the Senator from Massachusetts ex-
presses it, "a sham." It is thought to be a
thing superfluous, a piece of machinery estab-
lished by the Constitution which the people
have outgrown; that it is in point of fact obso-
lete. and that the people themselves do, after
a fashion, vote for the candidates for Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States.
Sir, this is a very incorrect opinion. The
people do not vote for President and Vice
President of the United States, and the votes
they cast for electors to perform that function
to cast actual votes for the election of Presi-
dent and Vice President do not accomplish
necessarily the object for which they are given.
I showed some days since, when this subject
was before the Senate, some startling statistics
to prove this. Among other facts then shown
were the facts that in 1860 it required 114,596
popular votes to obtain an elector for Mr.
Douglas, who was one of the candidates for
President, while it required only 15,144 to
obtain an doctor for Mr. Bell, one of the other
candidates. The figures also show that Mr.
Douglas, who was the second candidate before
the people, who received 1,375,157 votes, was
the lowest of all the four candidates in the
electoral colleges, so that if there had been a
slight disturbance of the actual vote as it was
given in a few States, by which the election
would have been sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives—it came very nearly going there
anyhow—Mr. Douglas, the second candidate
before the people in the number of votes polled,
would have been ruled out of the House alto-
gether, and the choice of that House would
have been between Mr. Lincoln, Mr. Breckin-
ridge, and Mr. Bell: Breckinridge receiving
847,953 popular votes-{independent of South
Carolina,) Bell 590,631, and Douglas 1,375,157.
What would have been the result? Why, sir,
that House would have chosen 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator explain
fcow.it would be that Mr. Douglas would have
been ruled out? .Ite Constitution,. if I under-
stand it, requires the House to choose from
the four highest candidates*
Mr. BUCKALEW. The three highest can-
didates. .
Mr. WILSON. Four.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Three. So, -In 1824,
Mr. Clay was ruled oat of the House because
Jackson, Adams, and Crawford were above
him; he was the fourth man. Infallibly that
House in 1860, if by a mere accident there had
been a few votes changed in a few States, would
have made John Bell or John C. Breckinridge
President of the United States. They could
not have elected Mr. Douglas if they bad
desired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him, for information, a question?
Mr. BUCKALEW. If it relates to tkispre-
cise point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have him
explain how that happened; whether it was in
connection with the fact that in the slave States
a much fewer number of votes on account of
the slaves being represented in the resait
accomplished the election of an elector, and
whether, therefore, Bell, and Breckinridge car-
rying more of the slave States than Douglas
got votes in the northern States, did not come
in on that theory?
Mr. BDCKALEW. Undoubtedly that af-
fected the question to a certain extent, but it
does not account for the great part of the dis-
crepancy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It accounts for just what
would make the difference.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Just for the difference
it caused; and I will say to the Senator that it
is not a very considerable element in the cal-
culation, although it is a just one to be consid-
ered. And it did not affect the vote between
Lincoln and Douglas.
How did the electoral vote run in 1864 ? The
result was right that year; the voice of the
people was executed ; but not by any neces-
sary operation of our system. Mr. Lincoln's
electors were chosen of a ratio of 10,292; those
of MeClellan by a ratio of 86,274. I repeat, the
result was right; but that was not the merit of
the system, it was a mere accident. So in 1824,
when Jackson had one half more votes titan
Mr. Adams from the people. The return does
not show his full popular vote, because South
Carolina chose by her Legislature. He had
one half more than Mr. Adams; he had more
than Mr. Adams and Mr. Crawford combined
before the people; and what was the result?
Why, sir, he was left in a large minority in the
electoral colleges. Adams and Crawford to-
gether obtained 26 more electors than belonged
to them, changing the result by 52 electoral
votes. The election was thrown into the Hoose
of Representatives, and there a g^eat mistake
was made; an affront was given to the Amer-
ican people—or at least they accepted it as
such—and it had an effect to a large extent
upon subsequent elections.
I will not dwell upon this point further than
simply to refer to the numbers at two other
elections. Take the election of 1882. The
Jackson electors had a ratio of 3,139, the Clay
electors 11,228. In 1852 the Pierce electors
had a ratio of 6,242; the Scott electors of
82,846. In 1824 the plurality candidate for
President was beaten because of the machinery
of the electoral colleges. In 1860, that great
election which touched the depths of the pop-
ular heart throughout the country, the candi-
date second in the choice and hearts of the
American people by the machinery of the
electoral colleges had no possibility of ever
entering the House of Representatives as a
competitor for the result. It required one
hundred and fourteen thousand American free-
men to give him oae vote in the electoral col-
leges, when twelve thousand could give Breck-
inridge one vote; and if you made all allow-
ance for tbe counting of the three fifths of
slaves in tbe South, it would not have- dis-
turbed the ratio more than a few theasaods. _
You see. sir, that this old nKtehiSBeryVthen, *
