TME CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®,
Pennsylvania particularly; and the year of a
presidentiafeleetion into those States are poured
all the corlupt influences which .elections can
invite. Wffare deluged with evils because our
large States have an unjust or badly-arranged
power in the electoral colleges. Mcmey is
poured into our States in a profuse stream to
corrupt and to degrade the elections held
among our people. It was because the voice
of Pennsylvania, under an electoral college
system, was likely to rule or influence t"he result
throughout the country that half a million of
dollars perhaps were poured out in that State
in 1868.
On behalf of my people; on behalf of our
republican institutions put in peril; on behalf
of justice and honesty in elections; on behalf
of the American people, whose voices ought
to be heard.and counted fairly, I appeal to you
to support this amendment, which will permit
reform and will secure it. The road of reform
is now closed up. The patriot and the honest
man must now work and labor in vain; They
can do nothing. Here is the golden opportu-
nity. An amendment relating to suffrage
is sent here from the House respecting the
persons who shall vote in the United States,
and here is an amendment proposing that the
people shall have secured to themselves the
right of choosing -presidential electors; that
it shall not be taken or snatched from them by
intrigue or corruption in the Legislatures; that
their honest voices shall always be heard in
the choice of electors; ani next, that reform
in the manner in which elections shall be held
may be introduced by the Congress of the
United States upon due cause shown. Con-
gress can introduce reform, and will do it. It
did introduce reform in electing Representa-
tives to the lower House. It ordered the States
to break themselves up into single districts;
and when New Hampshire and one or two
other States resisted enforced its will, because
it spoke by virtue of the power of this Fed-
eral Constitution of ours. Give to Congress
identically the.same power over the choice of
presidential electors; say, as this amendment
says, that'Congress may prescribe the manner
in which they shall be chosen. Congress is
not obliged to do it; it only permits it; and
by a simply statute here you can divide the
States, or order the Legislatures to divide the
States, into single districts for choosing presi-
dential electors, or you can provide what far-
sighted and just men now contemplate, and
which eventually all will seize upon as a meas-
ure of more complete and perfect justice, that
the people in each State, according to .their
party divisions, may so vote that each shall
get a due share of power in the Electoral
College, by simply voting for the number of
men for which they have an adequate number
of votes; that in my State, with six hundred
thousand voters, each party holding three hun-
dred thousand of them, each or either may
vote for twelve instead of twenty-four elect-
ors, and by uniting their vote upon "that smaller
number elect them. This is what I hope may
eventually be reached. But nothing is com-
manded ; the future is left open ; and the men
who represent the people of the United States,
and who -represent the States of this Union
here assembled in council in these two Houses,
may reach out their hands to this system of
election and reform it so as to secure popular
rights, so as to secure honest elections and a
just voice and expression by the American
people in these great elections of President;
and thus you will have a guarantee of inesti-
mable value against future disturbance, diffi-
cutty, and possibly revolution and war iii this
country from a dispirited presidential election.
Justiee and public safety appeal to you.
Is there any objection to this ? None at all,
except a mere prejudice. Some men say,
"Why, you are giving more power to Con-
gress; you are taking power away from the
States; you are increasing Federal power, and
the tendency of this measure is toward consol-
idation." Niw, sit, of'all the people in the
world with whom I least patience, -give
me the man of stupidity; the man who is fight-
ing against his own purpose and objeot without
knowing it; the man who with good and sin-
cere motives is doing bad and evil work and
does not know it. These people who are
shouting State rights and State privilege and
State immunity and authority, and doing the
work of mischief at the same time, are persons
with whom we should have least patience; per-
haps no patience at all.
The choice of presidential electors is prop-
erly a Federal question, rather than a State
question. It relates to this Government, and
not to the government of the States. It will
therefore be properly lodged in this Govern-
ment, because it belongs and pertains to it
legitimately. In the next place, as I have
already shown to you, the location of this
power in Congress is a necessity. Located as
it is now it will never be exercised; you can
introduce no reform. Being, therefore, Federal
in its nature, being necessary to the in trod ac-
ting of any reform in the regulation of the
choice of presidential electors, it should be
located ifct the two Houses of Congress, where,
if it should at any time be exercised improp-
erly, you can introduce change and amend-
ments afterward.
Mr. President, 1 will read one single passage
from one of the best printed and best edited
newspapers in the United States, although my
opinions are as wide from it as the poles are
asunder. In speaking of this proposed amend-
ment it says:
" It will prevent the entire vote of such a State as
New York, for instance, being east for a particular
candidate through the rascality of its chief city."
I am not indorsing that statement. I am
reading what this paper says:
" It will give more nearly than bow the sense of
the people for President in the electoral colleges,
because each district will have its own representa-
tive. If anything- was to be done at all with the
electoral vote, we should prefer to have had the col-
leges abolished, that t'.e untrammeled will of the
people should bo expressed directly upon the ques-
tion of the fitne3s of the candidate for President."
I have already spoken to that point and
shown that it is impracticable. This article
concludes by saying:
" However, this question will no t embarrass the suf-
frage proposition, as the two articles are to be voted
on separately."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What paper is that ?
Mr. BUCKALBW. The Boston Common-
wealth.
From what I have said, Mr. President, it
will be discovered that I have very strong
opinions, possibly strong feelings also, in favor
of this proposition for amending the Constitu-
tion of the United States in regard to the choice
of presidential electors. I have imperfectly, and
without much preparation, stated to the Senate
a few of the leading considerations which, in
my judgment, demand this reform. It is now
within our reach. We can seize upon it; we
can secure it; we can appropriate it, not to
ourselves only, but to the whole American
people, and all this can be done without em-
barrassment in regard to the other proposition
of amendment of suffrage. It is distinct in
its nature And it is to ba submitted distinctly
for the* action of the several States. One
proposition can be acted upon without embar-
rassing the other in any way whatever. We
haive now a golden opportunity for presenting
this proposition, and presenting it in connec-
tion with an amendment which invites it, be-
cause it is an amendment for the extension of
suffrage, while this is for the regulation of
suffrage.
One point more, sir, and I will leave the
subject. Can anything be more evident than
that now, when we are extending suffrage in
the United States, and extending it largely,
extending it as it was not contemplated it ever
could be extended until within a few years past,
that it become us to improve oar machinery,
to improve our constitutional arrangements by
which suffrage is to be worked in future ? In
eslling upon the people of the U nited States, to
adopt an amendment which shall make this
extension, which shall allow the casting into
the ballot-boxes, Mortis, South, and West, of
hundreds of thousands df votes from a new and
hitherto disfranchised class, will you not pre-
sent to them some proposition of reform with
regard to the manner in which" this suffrage
shall be exercised, so that it shall have just
operation and fair effect, so that the corruption
of a few votes in a State shall not turn the
whole scale and change elections? In my judg-
ment, therefore,'in addition to all the other
considerations, this proposition is most timely.
It never could have been presented at a junc-
ture when in point of time it was more appro-
priate and more deserving of adoption by
Congress and by the American people.
Mr. Edmunds obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will allow me to' say one word in
reply to my colleague.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania to give way so as to enable me
to make my motion in proper form. I with-
draw the motion for a committee of conference,
and move that the Senate recede from its
amendment and concur in the House proposi-
tion.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall vote in favor of
the motion now made by the Senator from
Nevada. I had no intention to say a word on
this subject, and should not have done so but
for a remark which fell from my colleague,
which I think was disrespectful to the State
from which he and I come, in which we were
both born, and to which we owe not only
allegiance but love. I was sorry to hear him
say that money had been brought into Penn-
sylvania to influence and corrupt the elections
there and to produce a result whieh the peo-
ple did not desire. In 1854 my colleague
and I separated in politics. The first election
of any consequence after that was the election
for President in 1856, when Mr. Buchanan and
Colonel Fremont were the opposing candi-
dates. In reply to the remark of my colleague
I think I may say with confidence that there is
hardly a man in Pennsylvania now living who
was acquainted with that contest who does not
believe that Colonel Fremont was cheated out
of the vote of Pennsylvania by the activity and
dishonesty of the men who supported Mr.
Buchanan. Large sums of money were brought
into Pennsylvania to use as a corruption fund,
and they were so used. Sir, had General
Fremont received the vote of Pennsylvania
then, as he was entitled to do, we should have
been saved the evils which grew out of Mr.
Buchanan's administration, including the great
rebellion which has cost this country so -ranch
blood and treasure, and all its consequences.
But Colonel Fremont lost the vote of Penn-
sylvania by the management of the chairman
of the State Democratic Central Committee of
that year, who through the use of money from
other States changed the result of the election.
Sir, such things have often happened in
Pennsylvania: but ray remembrauoe is that
they have always been done in the interests
of the Democratic party. At the recent elec-
tion we lost the city of Philadelphia and the
Democratic party nominally eileeted three Con-
gressmen there; bnt ail men who are ac-
quainted with the contest in the districts of
Mr. Myers and Mr. Taylor know that those
gentlemen are entitled to their seats, and were
onlv defeated by great frauds. They intend
to claim them, and I have no doubt they will
receive them. I remember that the other day,
in a contest for a seat in the Legislature from
the city of Philadelphia, three men were
brought up and swore that they had voted at
every precinct in the city, and at each place
they had given different names to the amount
of eight or ten each. They voted early and
often, as my friend from New Jersey [Mr. Fbe-
ujfgffuysen] suggests.
I only rose for the purpose of defending my
State, and especially the Republican party mid
the gentlemen belonging to the -Republican
party, against this charge of fraud. The elec-
tion in Pennsylvania occurs earlier than in
