1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
it certainly ought to be understood in all its
scope and bearing.
I observed just now that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] rose. Does he
desire to ask me a question?
Mr. BANKS. No. I rose to say that if
that whicli^ has been stated by the gentleman
from Ohio is the only objection he has to the
resolution, that the President is to determine
whether he will do this or not upon what he
may suppose to be the facts, I am perfectly
content that that proposition shall be stricken
from the resolution. It proceeds upon the fact
which I have stated, that the people of these
republics appeal for this protection.
Mr. DELANO. Well, Mr. Speaker, I have
a proposition in writing before me. On that I
speak, and about that 1 must vote. Whenever
the phraseology of the proposition shall be
changed, then, as a lawyer ought to do and as a
member of this House respecting his duty will
do, I will speak to the changed proposition.
I now speak to the thing as it is.
Mr. BANKS. I reply to the gentleman's
interpretation, not to the language of the reso-
lution, because he has not cited it to sustain
him. The interpretation which the gentleman
gives to the resolution I do not think is the
right one.
Mr. DELANO. Then I understand that the
gentleman denies my construction of the reso-
lution?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DELANO. Now, Mr. Speaker, I think
it due to the House and to the country that it
should be known exactly how such a proposi-
tion as this comes before the House. I there-
fore desire to say that this proposition has
never had the sanction or approbation of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and to my
knowledge it has not the sanction or approba-
tion of a single member of that committee save
the chairman. There was barely a quorum
present when it was agreed in the committee
that the chairman should have leave to report
it, and that leave was given last Friday under
the apprehension that the committee would be
called on that day, and for the last time during
this session, and that the proposition could not
be made to the House unless the committee
consented to let it be made in the manner I
have stated.
I think this statement is due to the nation,
because this is a grave and momentous propo-
sition, proposing to reverse the policy of this
Government in its foreign relations from the
foundation of the Government up to the present
time. It seems to me that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs ought to have given the propo-
sition its sanction before it became a subject of
agitation in the Congress of the United States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not know that I un-
derstand what "manifest destiny" means. The
eyes of a prophet have never to my knowledge
been conferred upon me, and I do not know
how much of this planet this Government will
ultimately embrace within its control. All T
do know is that I shall not prevent this progress
so long as in making this extension we tail to
violate any of the laws of good morals and are
careful not to involve ourselves in a practice
that will be disastrous to the future of this
country, for which I hope I can see as glorious
a prospect as those who are most eloquent on
the subject of manifest destiny." But, sir,
if we have any manifest destiny worthy of
approbation it is in obeying the laws of honor
and justice, in showing to the world that we
have' a just and righteous Government that re-
spects the rights of nations and of peoples; that
will do no wrong itself and will submit to no
wrong from others, and the Father of his Coun-
try and the founders of this Government, acting
upon this definition of destiny, and believing,
as I do, that the progress of our institutions
would be best pioiuoted by strict obedience to
the laws of.justiee and of right., set at once and
in the outset of the Government the example
that wo should not attempt to interfere with or
control the affairs of other nations. I want
to know now, sir, what you mean by protection ?
4<>ttj Oo\tc. 3p Sess.—"No. 22.
Do you mean good offices in words, and to end
there ? Is that what this resolution means
when it proposes that the President may at the
invitation of these Governments or of his own
free will offer them protection ? Is it simply
that he may go and give them good advice ? I
want to hear from the gentleman if that is the
protection that they intend. Well, sir, silence
gives consent, they say, in some places. I do
not know whether it does in the House of Rep-
resentatives or not.
Mr. BANKS. Not here at all. The gentle-
man alone has the right to speak now. If he
gives me the floor I will answer him.
Mi\ DELANO. I will yield to the gentle-
man for any reasonable length of time.
Mr. BANKS. I do not ask it now, but I
will reply to the gentleman's question when
my time comes.
Mr. DELANO. How much time have I
left?
The SPEAKER. Eight minutes.
Mr. DELANO. Then I must hasten on. I
know very well, as was intimated in the preg-
nant questions put by my colleague, [Mr.
Bingham,] that this protection is meaningless
unless it means that if necessary it shall be
protection by war, protection by force, pro-
tection by power. We can give, as the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain gave to the rebels in
our severe and serious conflict, a sort of pro-
tection which would bring down upon us the
execration of mankind, as it brought down our
indignation against the Government of Great
Britain. Suoli a protection as that might or
might not end in war, but in my opinion it
would certainly end in dishonor and in disgrace.
I am, sir, therefore opposed to this Govern-
ment departing from its solid, honest, long-
standing policy, which is, that it will not
interfere in the affairs of other Governments.
Especially am I opposed to this Government
departing from that policy atthis time. When
these islands are ready to come to us let us
take them, not by purchase at forty times the
amount they are worth, with all the evils that
may grow out of the policy of paying for land.
When we find a people ripe for our institu-
tions and ready for our plan of government
let us incorporate them and then protect them
afterward. But to go out as a protector of
other nations who are struggling among them-
selves for self-government is to adopt a policy
which will end in the overthrow of our insti-
tutions and in ruin to our nation.
Mr. Speaker, I am sure I do not know why
this plan of protection by this Government is
forced upon our consideration at this time.
As I understand it, the Haytion Government
is now in an unsettled condition, with a chronic
rebellion still pervading its territory. I see
it reported in the newspapers that certain par-
ties in some of the eastern cities have been
advancing money to the rebels of Hayti to
carry on their rebellion against the Govern-
ment de facto. I do not know that this fact
has come to the knowledge and attention of
the honorable and distinguished chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. It has not.
Mr. DELANO. I supposed it had not, and
therefore I now call his attention to it. But
the fact has been stated in the newspapers.
Now, suppose the statement to be true; sup-
pose that some of the people of New York
and of Boston, the filibusters and the adven-
turers, there are at work to foment and con-
tinue the rebellion in IIayti,and have iuvested
money in it, then it would be a glorious thing
for them if the Government of the United
States would now come to their relief in this
unlawful and dishonorable purpose, and in
some form or other enable them to recover
back at least their money.
Mr. BANKS. A moment.
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman will allow
me to say that this is for the protection of the
Governments of those islands, not for the rebels.
Mr. DELANO. And what or who is the
Government ?
Mr. BANKS. The people make the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DELANO. Yes, sir; and two parties
of the people are trying to make it. Which
party is right? I suppose your President is
to say.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman will allow
me to say, inasmuch as he has referred in this
regard to my constituents—
Mr. DELANO. Oh, no.
Mr. BANKS. If they have contributed
money to weaken or overthrow the Govern-
ment of Hayti then we are against them with
all the. power of this Government, and with
all its influence, if it be needed, to sustain the
Government there.
Mr. DELANO. I did not refer to the con-
stituents of the gentleman. I hope that the
old Bay State lias no filibusters in it who
would be guilty of any such enterprise as that.
But if any such persons are engaged in that
enterprise, and they get any relief from me
or from this House, I shall be very much dis-
appointed. No, sir ; I have no idea that any
of the constituents of the gentleman are en-
gaged in that way, or that the gentleman knows
anything about it if they are so engaged. Nor
do I know that the newspaper article to which
I have adverted has any foundation in fact.
But I know that "there is a chronic rebellion
in Hayti, and I have seen those reports in the
newspapers. And I say that if those reports
be true then I can see in this proposition only
an opportunity of perhaps benefiting tho par-
ties engaged in it if you confer upon the Pres-
ident this unprecedented and dangerous power.
Mr. Speaker, I pray this House to deliberate
well before if inaugurates this new policy. Let
us stand by the old landmarks of the Govern-
ment. Let us strengthen ourselves here at
home. Let us pay the debt of honor, burden-
some in the extreme, that now rests upon us
as the price of the life of our nation. Let us
act- justly, and show the world that this coun-
try of ours is a place where human rights are
protected and secured to all. And then, by
tins high example, let us propagate our insti-
tutions ; but let us not attempt to propagate
them directly or indirectly by the physical
power of the Government. Let us not go out
and voluntarily, as we might under this reso-
lution, interfere in a conllict for the possession
of a Government in one of these islands. Let
us wait till the people of those islands desire
to come to us ; and then, if we are ready to take
them, letustakethemand protect them asapart
of ourselves. I should greatly regretto see such
a proposition as this, with all its dangerous eon-
sequences, entailed upon the incoming Admin-
istration. I should much dislike to trust this
power with the present Administration during
its remaining days. I shall therefore move to
lay this whole subject on the table, unless the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] wiio is about to take the floor, will agree
to make that motion.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will make that mo
tion; it was my intention to conclude my re-
marks with that motion. I understand, Mr.
Speaker, that I am entitled to the floor for an
hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to one hour.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] for ten
minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I am some-
what surprised that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] in view of the manifest
sentiment, of the House upon this subjcct,
should undertake to press us to a vote upon the
resolution which he has presented, I am not
surprised, however, that the other gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleu] should pro-
pose to add the Antilles to the proposition of
his colleague with reference to Hayti and San
Domingo. Nor am I at all surprised that the'
honorablegentlemanfromOhio [Mr. Spaiauxg]
should propose to add not only the Sandwich
Islands, but all the innumerable islands of the
Pacific ocean, including Japan, which way pos-
