116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of Special Qommisaioner- of the Revenue—Mr. Kelley. 40tii Cong—3d Sess.
tee on Roads and Canals were under instruc-
tion, if in their opinion Congress had power
over this subject, to prepare a bill regulating
commerce on railroads, not authorizing the
building of roads, but regulating commerce over
them. Now, I agree that until some members
of the House shall be able to give time and
study to this subject, to the exclusion of every
other, and shall be furnished with the necessary
statistics and other information, it will be im-
possible for us to adopt such a law as will be
fully operative and effectual. Ttrframe, as was
contemplated by the resolution of instruction,
a general law for the purpose of regulating the
running of trains, the connection of roads, the
kinds of cars to bo used, the precautions against
fire and other accidents, &e., is, with the ordi-
nary demands of our legislative duty from day
to day, beyond the power of any committee.
In the British Parliament commissioners were
appointed to examine this class of questions
and to report from session to session all thein-
formation obtained. Without something of the
same kind in this country it will, I think, be
impracticable for us to frame such a general
law as was contemplated in the resolution in-
structing the committee. I believe the import-
ance of the subject demands that we should
have a bureau of statistics upon the questiou ;
that the statistics should be prepared as other
important statistics are prepared, by a commis-
sioner, whose attention should be devoted ex-
clusively to this subject.
Now, as to the inquiry of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. 0'Nf.ill,] "Why not
report a general railroad law the answer is
very evident. Our power to charter a railroad
grows out of the necessities of commerce. We
must in each individual case decide upon our
sworn responsibility as legislators that in our
opinion it is necessary for the purposes of free
commercial intercourse that a road should be
built upon a particular route. I submit that
such being the nature and extent of our power,
we cannot authorize a general system of rail-
roads, which might extend auywhere at the
pleasure of those who might choose to build
them.
Mr. TWICHBLL. The gentleman says that
this bill requires the company to make the
through trip within a given time. I wish to
know what is to be the penalty in case they do
not run through in that time ?
Mr. COOK. There is, I believe, a general
provision for a forfeiture of the charter in case
of any failure to comply with its requirements.
Report of Special Commissioner of the
Iievenue.
SPEECH OF IION. W. D. KELLEY,
of pennsylvania,
Isr the Hoose op Representatives,
February 4, 1869.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
tho stato of the Uuion on tho President's annual
message—
Mr. KELLEY said:
Mr. _Cu urmax : On the 19th of January the
Committee on Printing submitted a resolution
to print twenty thousand copies of the report
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue
for the use of the House, and one thousand
bound copies for the use of the Treasury
Department, and though I had no hope of
preventing its adoption, I felt constrained to
resist the motion and submit the reasons which
impelled me thereto as fully as I could in the
brief time allowed me by the courtesy of tire
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,]
who presented the resolution. I could not
hope that the House would refuse to print a
report the preparation of which had cost the
Government so much money in the pay of the
Commissioner and his clerical assistants. What
I sought, to do was in some measure accom-
plished ; it was to send with the report a note
of warning to the country. I then said:
"I hope the resolution reported by the committee
will not be adopted. I do not think the report ought
to receive such an indorsement. I do not see how
Congress can consistently cast it broadcast over the
country. It is a report fall of figures, which are so
ingeniously selected and marshaled that one might
suppose it had been prepared specially to show the
pestilent character ol'that most false and dangerous
of all the aphorisms embodied in the English lan-
guage, nfimely, that 'figures cannot lie.' They are
so culled and marshaled in this report as to lead to
conclusions false, delusive, and damaging to our
country, and especially unjust to that Congress which
has carried the country through the great struggle
from which she has just emerged. I do not moan to
say that the figures embodied in it are in themselves
false; upon that point I do not speak now; but I do
mean to say that they are so detached from their
correlatives as to lead to conclusions utterly at vari-
ance with facts which are notorious and familiar to
every gentleman on this floor."
"The gentleman who is announced several times in
the report as collecting tho statistics and making the
calculations has, so far aslknoxo, done his duty fairly;
but the Commissioner who selected the material for
this report, and prepared and marshaled it, has not
done so with a view to letting Congress and the
country deduce conclusions from an impartial array
of facts, but to sustain a foregone conclusion and
advocate a iavorite theory of his own, which is, in
my judgment, at variance with the true interests of
the country."
And again ;
" The thesis of the report is that we have since!860
so legislated that while wealth is accumulating more
rapidly than it ever accumulated in any other land
or age the poor are steadily growing poorer and the
rich richer; that the yawning gulf between poverty
and wealth is ever widening in this country, and that
the laboring man and his family cannot live as well
upon their earnings as they could in I860.
" The report—and it is voluminous—devotes five or
six pages only to the progre&s of wealth and pro-
ductive power in this country, but they suffice to
show that it is with constantly increasing velocity
and momentum. It it be true in that respect, and
the laboring peoplearereally becomingpoorerdaily,
we are on the oveof an aristocracy more potentt^ian
any that nas preceded it, and of a social condition
such as the world has never seen. I propose to in-
quire whether thisstartlingproposition betrue. The
Commissioner, assuming that his array of facts have
established it, says on page 21:
" * It has been well said that there can be no true
theoretic conclusion which will not be proved by
the facts whenever the theory can be applied. We
have given the theory of the effects of inconvertible
paper money, and we find that the facts prove it.
The rich become richer and the poor poorer.'
44Not satisfied with this, he says:
" ' The aggregate wealth of the country is increas-
ing, probably, as rapidly as at any former period;
yet it does not follow that there is the same increase
in general prosperity. The laborer, especially he who
has a large family to support, is not as prosperous as
hewas in 1860. Hiswages have not increased in pro-
portion to tho increase in thecost of his living. There
is, therefore, an inequality in the distribution of our
annual product which wo must, in no small decree,
refer to artificial causes. This inequality exists even
among the working classes themselves. The single
man or woman, working for his or her support alone,
is in tho roceiptof arateof wages from which savings
may be made equal orgreater than ever before, espe-
cially in the manufacturing towns, where the price
of board is, to a certain extent, regulated artificially
by the employer.'
"And again, I ask gentlemen to listen to the Com-
missioner's statement of the condition to whieh their
legislation has reduced our countrymen :
"'Unmarried operatives, therefore, gain; while
thoso who aje obliged to support their own families
in hired tenements lose. Hence, deposits in sav-
ings-banks increase, while marriage is discouraged ;
and tho forced employment of young children is
mado almost a necessity in order that the family may
live.'
" If this be the condition of our country, do we not,
as I have said, perpetrate a fraud when we ask the
laboring immigrant to come and dwell among us ? "
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr."Garfield]
did me the honor to reply to me in a rejoinder
which had been prepared for the occasion, as
appears from his remark that, "hearing that
this attack was to be made, I have asked inform-
ation from two sources in order to test the cor-
rectness of the Commissioner's position.'' His
reply would, I doubt not, have been more can-
did had it been prepared after he had heard
what I had to say. His misrepresentation of
my position was not intentional. It arose from
his misconception of the point I would make
when I should have an opportunity to express
my convictions. In view of the passages from
my remarks already quoted, especially of my
announcement that I did not mean to examine
the question whether the figures embodied in
the report are, in themselves, false, but did
"mean to say that they are so detached from
their correlatives as to lead to conclusions
utterly at variance with facts which are notoriou,
and familiar to every gentleman on this tlooi,'
he was hardly justified in saying that 1 hud
admitted "in the first place that the facts
stated are generally correct; that the statistics
collected and arranged in tables are true and
correctly stated." I certainly did not admit
the truth or correctness of that which the single
purpose of my remarks was to deny, and which
every fact I presented contradicted. I am sure,
from the gentleman'swell known character, that
he would not have made this assertion had his
remarks been prepared after he had heard
me. After he had thus charged me with admit-
ting all I had been denying and dspiroving, the
gentleman pronounced the conclusion that "it
must be, then, that he refuses to print this re-
port because its facts and deduc'ions do not
square with his theories and notions," and ex-
ultingly proclaimed my opposition to the print-
ing "a most damaging admission."
I resume the discussion in pursuance of a
promise made when the fall of the Speaker's
gavel announced the expiration of the brief
time allowed me, and in the hope of showing
by an array of facts, many of which were not
then in my possession, the dangerous falla-
cies the Commissionerhas attempted to sustain
by "doctored," "manipulated," "garbled,"
"marshaled," or in other words, artfully ar
ranged figures. The correctness of the figures
set forth in the report I am willing, hs 1 then
was, to admit for argument sake, but not in
fact, as time has not yet permitted me to test
them fully. They may in themselves be true;
but there is a falsehood known as the suppies
sio veri—the statement of part of the truth in
such a manner as to produce the effect of a
positive falsehood ; and of that I charge that
the Commissioner has been guilty in almost
every part of his voluminous report. He who
denies the existence of Deity, and from the
exclamation "the fool hath said in his heart,
there is no God," and in support of the de-
nial quotes the last four words as a complete
sentence, misrepresents the teachings of the
Psalmist, though he correctly quotes that par-
ticular portion of his language. The falsehood
is in the manner of the statement, and not in
the thing stated. This illustration is not inap-
plicable to the document under consideration.
Gentlemen who read the report from pagt*s
11 to 21 inclusive, will find an abundant ari ay
of tabular comparative statements which, tl
they are true and in themselves constitute the
whole truth, prove most adequately its asser-
tion :
"Thatfor the year 1867, and for the first half of
1868, the average increase of all the elements which
constitute the food, clothing, and shelter of a f.imily
has been about seventy-eight, per cent., as compared
with the standard prices of'1860-61."
And that the rate of increase in wages for
the year 1867 as compared with 1860-61, was
put as follows:
"For unskilled mechanical labor, fifty per cent.;
for skilled mechanical labor, sixty per cent."
I pause for a moment to deny the correct-
ness of these figures, and to assert that the
price of the necessaries of life enumerated in
these tables are, on an average, not more than
fifty per cent, higher than in 1860, while labor
is now immeasurably more fully employed at
an advance of from eighty to one hundred per
cent, over the wages of that year. But this is
a point about which ingenuity may cavil, and
is not essential to the support of my argument.
To give these figures any practical value they
should have been accompanied by another
column for each year, in which should have
been stated the number of working people
employed in each of the several branches of bus-
iness referred to, and the number who, though
skilled workmen at those branches, were unable
