1869.
THE CQNGBESSIO.NAX GLOBES.
12®8
the Senator this question, inasmuch as I'have
great respect for his opinion on questions of
parliamentary law: how a majority of this
body can recede, which is tantamount to a vote
to reconsider, from a proposition that was
adopted, and could only be adopted, by a two-
thirds vote? How can a majority overcome
the action of two thirds?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because there is nothing
in parliamentary law that requires two thirds
to adopt an amendment to a proposition passed
by either House. The Constitution requires
on the adoption of a constitutional amendment
that two thirds shall agree to it; but on all
questions of parliamentary form only a ma-
jority is required, unless the rule expressly
requires two-thirds; and the Senate can pro-
pose by a majority vote any amendment to any
proposition sent to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives. In this case the parliamentary
law laid down in Jefferson's Manual is very
plain.
" The questions respecting amendments from an-
other House arc, first, to agree; second! disagrees"
Those are opposite motions, and therefore
the adoption of one precludes the adoption
of the other. Then the next motion is, "third,
recede; fourth, insists' As a matter of coarse
those are opposite motions. If the motion to
recede is carried, the motion to insist fails.
If the motion to insist prevails, the motion to
recede fails. But when motions to agree and
to recede are made together, they are motions
that are plainly divisible. A majority may
carry the motion to recede; and yet to agree
to the House proposition the Constitution re-
quires a majority of two thirds. That being
this case, I ask for a division of the question
as presented by the Senator from Nevada, so
that the question shall be first taken 011 the
precedent motion to recede, and if that is car-
ried by a majority, as a matter of course, the
question to agree will require a two-thirds vote.
That will enable us to vote on this question
understanding^. If his motion to recedefails,
I will then submit a motion, or let him do it,
as it is his place to do it, having charge of this
subject, to insist and agree to the conference
asked by the House.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I understand the motion now
on the part of the Senate is to recede from its
• amendments to the House resolution. Now,
suppose the Senate recedes from the amend-
ments which it has made, I inquire of the
Chair whether such a vote would have the
effect of the adoption by the Senate of the
House resolution ?
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to have the de-
cision- of the Chair on that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it was
a joint resolution of the House that did not
require a two-thirds vote, or a bill passed by
the House to which we had added an amend-
ment, if the Senate receded from, its amend-
ment, it would pass the bill; but this being a
constitutional amendment, it requires a two-
thirds vote, and therefore the question is
somewhat complicated. We have passed a
great many bills here in the course of the ses-
sion where we receded from our own amend-
ments, and then the bill itself was passed as
it came from the House, and that was the
end of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly ; but in this
special case I concur entirely in the opinion of
the Senator, from Indiana, that we ought to
come to a direct vote upon the question of
adopting or concurring, in the resolution of the
House, so as to give the country the fact, if
Such exists, that two thirds of this body do
approve of thi  proposed amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. TheSenator from Nevada
.wakes a doable motion. A vote mast be taken
on both branches of that motion when a_divis-
ion is asked foe, and, consequently there is no
nal vote. He makes a motioa to recede and
to agree. We take the question first on- the
tuotioa to recede, wkiph is one half of his
motion.
i
Mr. HOWARD.. Then the motion indivisible.
Mr. SHERMAN. - It is divisible. Then we
take a vote on the motion to agree, which
requires a two-thirds vote. There is no diffi-
culty in coming at it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to make a simple
suggestion on this question of order. I do not
suppose I shall enlighten anybody, but it seems
to me to be so very free from any difficulty in
a mere parliamentary sense that I cannot for-
bear making a suggestion. We have agreed
by a two-thirds vote to the resolution of the
House in form and in substance with a propo-
sition to the House of Representatives to amend
that resolution by substituting other words in
the place of it. So stands the Journal; so
stand the books; so stands the substance. It
is just like a bill. We have, therefore, already
agreed to the resolution of the House proposing
the amendment in their form to the Constitu-
tion by the necessary constitutional majority;
but we have proposed, as coupled with that,
another proposition to the House of Represent-
atives. They do not agree to it. Now itcomes
back, anda motion is made to recedeandagree.
That is no other motion in reality, in a parlia-
mentary sense, than a mere motion to recede,
because, as the Chair has stated with entire
propriety, and there is no precedent or rule to
the contrary anywhere, rSceding from the pro-
posed amendment to the resolution to which
you have agreed with that amendment leaves
the resolution standing as agreed to without any
further action of the body, and without the
power of any further action. The Senator
from Nevada has put his motion in that way in
order to have the Senate perceive by that vote,
and in order to have the country perceive by
that vote, if we can vote after all, that in real
substance two thirds do agree in point of fact
to the resolution of the House, because in point
of fact, in effect, we have not agreed to that
resolution; in point of law we haye agreed to
it by the necessary two thirds.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont how he knows, how the
Senate knows, that Senators would have voted
for the House proposition by itself?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it in this way :
I know that Senators have voted for the House
proposition, and I assume that every Senator
knew the law under which he did vote; and
therefore I assume that every Senator who
voted tor the House proposition with the amend-
ments, if he chooses to recede from the amend-
ments, understands that he is willing to waive
the propositions of amendment he has made
to it and let it stand as it is.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator one other question. Suppose that the
Senate amendment had been to strike out the
whole of the House proposition and put in a
different proposition, how, then, would he
know that Senators would have voted for the
original proposition ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just what the
Senate amendment was, and every Senator in
voting for the House proposition with this
proposition of amendment agreed to it with
that modification. Now, if a Senator chooses
to abandon that modification that is his affair,
.not mine.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to address a single
question to the Senator from Ohio who has
spoken on the subject of parliamentary law.
The Senator from Ohio tells us that we can
vote to recede, and then afterward vote to
concur iu the House proposition. I ask him
when the proposition arises simply to concur in
the House proposition, is that open to amend-
ment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Unquestionably it is in
parliamentary law. But what is the use of
discussing such questions? We shall never pass
this constitutional amendment if we,go off on
collateral questions of «rder that are not in-
volved in it.
Mr. POMEROY. This is involved in the
■case precisely. The Senator says that voting
to recede from our amendment does not pass
the House resolution. Then the House reso-
lution-is open tousthe same as though wehad
never passed it. There is no parliamentary
law in that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know,
and I think it is right that we should know in
advance, what is the effect of this vote ? If to
recede is to pass the whole resolution, then,
of course, we must recede by a two thirds ma-
jority, else you can amend the Constitution of
the United States by a less vote than two thirds
of the Senate. The Senate does not concur in
the House proposition. On the contrary, the
Senate has said it would not concur but would
change it; and the Senate did change it, and
having changed it adopted its proposition by
two thirds. Now, by abandoning our prop-
osition in some way or other two thirds o£,the
Senate have agreed to that. That will not- do.
I understand that there are a great many pre-
cedents on this subject, and that they are uni-
form in the Senate, that on an ordinary bill at
this stage if the Senate recede from its amend-
ment that is the end of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It passes
the bill of the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. ' It passes the bill Land
that is also the practice of the House of Rep-
resentatives. It is queer; but if it is estab-
lished parliamentary law of course when Sen-
ators or members of the House vote to recede
they vote for that result. But, Mr. President,
if we now vote to recede with the understand-
ing that the effect of that vote is to be to pass
the House proposition, then I insist, npon the
Constitution itself, that we recede by a vote of
two thirds. The records of this body show
that the body has not concurred by a two-thirds
vote in the proposition of the House. The
record of the Senate shows that we have dis-
agreed to that by changing it. When we change
it we say it is not agreeable to us. When we
say it is not agreeable to us we vote that we
will not agree to it. By amending it we express
our dissent. Then to withdraw our amend-
ments, and to say that a majority vote shall pass
the proposition, is to say that a majority in the
Senate can so express the will of this body 83
to amend the Constitution of the United States,
which is in the face of the Constitution itself.
Now, if we are to hold that to recede is to pass
the resolution, I insist that we can only re-
cede by a vote of, two thirds- ["Agreed!"
"Agreed!"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can see no difficulty in having a direct vote on
a division of the question; but if it is coupled
together 
Mr. STEWART. I will modify it to aave
discussion, and ask the Senate to recede and
let us get a vote on that. ["No!" " Nof'J
Well, I will let the motion stand, and let a
division be had on it.
Mr. BOOL1TTLE. I have no doubt that
the view taken by the honorable Seuator from.
Vermont is correct. We have agreed to the
proposition of the House, namely, to submit
an amendment to the Constitution. True, we
varied in the amendment we proposed to sub-
mit from the House; but we agreed in the
main proposition to amend the Constitution.
The House disagreed to our amendment. The
proposition comes back to the Senate, and if
we now recede from onr amendment we pass
the resolution, if it is passed, by a two-thirds
vote, just precisely as if there came ii*oin the
House of Representatives an appropriation bill
to appropriate $5,000,000 for the support of
the Army, and the Senate should amend it by
saying, " We agree to the bill, provided it
shall be §3,000,000," and it goes to the House,
and the House disagree to our amendment
reducing it to $3,000,000, and it comes back to
the Senate, and the Senate recede from their
amendment; they pass the bill; so that this
question of receding is the very essence of this
proceeding in a parliamentary point of viefc;
and I insist, as the Senator from Indiana does,
that in order to recede, which is to pass the
resolution, it must be by a twitted® vot® of
the Senate ; otherwise we do mat comply , with
the Constitution.
