12M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Nevada state exactly what his
proposition is?
Mr. STEWART. It is to recede.
Mr. WARNER. I ask if it is to recede from
all the Senate amendments ? •
Mr. STEWART. To recede from our dis-
agreement.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
state his motion as he desires it to be put.
There is some importance in it.
Mr. STEWART. My motion is to recede
from our disagreement from the amendments
that we made and agree to the House propo-
sition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I call for a division
of-the question.
Mr. POMEROY. May I inquire whether,
after we have voted to recede upon the ques-
tion, then to agree to the proposition of the
House, it is open to amendment ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I think not.
Mr. SHERMAN. ' "Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot decide questions in anticipation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not choose to adopt
the sentiment of the Senator from Ohio, that
"sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
If it be the fixed lavv of thisbody by immemorial
visage that to recede from the Senate amend-
ment passes the resolution we ought to know
it now, because that vote, in my judgment, can
only be by two thirds.
Mi'. MORTON. Is it possible that a vote to
recede from an entirely different proposition
from that of the House is to be regarded as a
vote concurring in the proposition of the
House?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. MORTON. Let us have the vote on the
motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not a question of
possibility, allow me to say to my colleague,
it is a question of law, and 1 understand it has
been possible to make very many laws in that
very }vay, and they stand on the statute-books
now. By receding they became the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; the Journals
are full of them. I have got my finger on one
now.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to say one word on
this question whether a vote to recede passes
the resolution. I understand that to be the
(juestion. In ordinary cases it is agreed that
it does ; and why? Because we agree to a bill
with an amendment; we pass a bill with'an
amendment; the House refuse to concur in
the passage of the bill with the amendment;
and then we recede from the amendment; that
is, we pass the bill without the amendment.
That is the meaning of it when a bill is offered.
t Mr. MORTON. The last vote will cure it
anyhow.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the recess be
dispensed witL I presume there will be no
objection this time.
Several Senators. Oh, no ; there is time
enough to dispose of this subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate can entertain the motion to rescind the rule
providing for a meeting this evening only by
unanimous consent. Is there any objection to
putting the question on that motion?
Mr. VICKERS: I object.
Mr. STEWART. Then I move tempo-
rarily to lay the constitutional amendment
aside for the purpose of making a motion.
, Mr. VICKERS. I object to that.
- ^r,\ STEWART. I can move to lay this
matter on "the table until we settle the recess
I make that motion.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
Sorii \st011 wotioa to lay the resolution on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPESS DISPENSED WITH.
Mr. STEWART. Now I tuove to dispense
■with the recess. " - •' • .
Several Senators. How long? •
Mr. STEWART. To dispense with the
recess altogether.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that motion is
put, I desire to ask why shall we not have a
recess. If we dispense with the recess now
we shall be here all night. Is it not wiser to
go home and get our dinners?
Mr. STEWART. We shall not be here an
hour.
Mr. CAMERON. You will not get through
in two hours, or three hours, or four hours.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania can have leave to go and get his dinner.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Mis-
souri is very kind ; but I can assure him and
the Senate that I desire to discharge my duty,
and I am sure we shall not get through in an
hour or anything like it. It will be a great
deal better not to dispense with the recess, but
to take a recess and come back at the regular
time and carry on the business in which we
are now engaged.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate rescind the resolution
for a recess to-day?
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HODSE.
_ A message from khe House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 667)
to enable the Holly, Wayne, and Monroe Rail-
way Company, in the State of Michigan, to
have the subscription to its capital stock duly
stamped.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 264) to locate and estab-
lish an assay office in the Territory of Idaho ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1453) for the relief of
William Grant Powers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1974) to prevent loaning
money upon United States notes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 452) for the
relief of Leonard Pierce, jr., late United States
consul at Matamoras, Texas.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. CONKLING.. At the request of the
Senator from West Virginia, the chairman of
the Committee on Pensions, I.desire to enter
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill (H. R. No. 603) granting pensions to cer-
tain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812 was
defeated.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
frill be entered.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I move that we resume
the consideration of the House constitutional
amendment.
The motion was agreed to. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
is before the Senate; and the question is on
the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. WILSON. Now I ask the Senator who
has made this motion to let us have a motion—
let it be voted down if Senators choose—but
let us have a fair motion made to insist, and
refer this matter to a committee of conference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, If we vote this down,
that will be the next motion in order.
Mr. WILSON, I think this motion had bet-
ter be withdrawn and let us try that first.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask a
question. We made two amendments to the
House proposition very different in character,
perhaps of very unequal importance ; they are
certainly, in my judgment. I ask if this ques-
tion cannot be divided in order that we may
recede from one amendment and not from the
other ? The one relating to suffrage I regard
as Vitally important, btrt the other I shall be
willing to recede from.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is anxious that the effect of the vote about to
be taken should be understood by the Senate.
The Chair believes that in the ordinary rules
of parliamentary affairs, when this body recedes
from the amendments they have made to a bill
of the other House, that vote passes the bill.
That has always been the case since I have
been in the Senate, and it would be so in this
case perhaps; but then it is easy to waive that
and to take a vote directly upon the proposi-
tion of the House of Representatives by agree-
ing that the question shall be divided.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Clerk- to read
the twenty-sixth rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The twenty-sixth rule
makes this just like a bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the reading of
the latter clause of the rule.
The Chief, Clerk. That portion of the
twenty-sixth rule which applies to the present
case is as follows: -
" And ail resolutions proposing amendments to the
Constitution, or to which the approbation and sig-
nature of the President may be requisite, or which
may grant money out of the contingent or any other
fund, shall be treated, in all respects, in the intro-
duction and form of proceeding on them, in the Sen-
ate, in a similar mannor with bills."
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division of
the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on receding from the amendments of
the Senate and agreeing to the proposition of
the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division of
the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that divisible ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is divisi-
ble if the Senate pleases to consider it as such.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is for the Chair to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair,
if he decided, according to his understanding
of parliamentary law, would hold that the
moment the Senate recede from its amend-
ments the proposition is passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is certainly the law.
The PRESIDENT^roifem^ore. But that can
be modified if the Senate see fit to modify it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As this is rather an
important thing, had we better not modify it in
advance?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I think so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is my impression.
How it is to be modified is the question, il do
not know but that it can be passed in this way.
We had better, however, have an understand-
ing in advance. As that is the parliamentary
law, I ask the Chair to decide that to recede
requires two thirds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not so understand it.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the constitu-
tional amendment cannot be passed by re-
ceding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is per-
fectly evident that that would not be satisfac-
tory to the Senate, who desire to have a direct
vote on the proposition of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. YATES. I think if the Senate recedes
by a two thirds vote that will pass the resolu-
tion of the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it was
unanimously understood that that passed the
joint resolution of the House it would be equiv-
alent to a direct vote on the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no under-
standing about it, because I certainly shall not
vote to recede, and yet if a majority of the
Senate vote to recede I shall vote to agree with
the House. _ They are two just as distinct prop-
ositions as it is possible to have in legislative
bodies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will you show the law
for that?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is so laid down in par-
liamentary law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Read it.
Mr. STEWART. Let us take the sensfc of
the Senate.
