342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
of the bill, as reported by the committee, reads
that "every male citizen of the United States
above the age of twenty-one years" shall be an
elector.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. That is
not in the printed bill I have before me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
stated that there were some changes in the
printed bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. The expla-
nation is satisfactory.
Mr. PAINE. I wish t.o ask the gentleman
who reported this bill whether it is not a fact,
as I have been informed, that every single
Russian has left that country?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Upon that point
I have no authoritative information—none that
I can communicate to the gentleman.
A Member. • It is so stated in the newspapers.
Mr. FERRISS. Will the gentleman vouch
of his own knowledge, or have the committee
any knowledge, that there are a hundred per-
sons in that territory now who speak the Eng-
lish language ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Oh, yes, sir ; more
than that have gone there from California alone.
Mr. FERRISS. I mean outside of the mil-
itary.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. And 1 mean out-
side of the military.
Mr. FERRISS. Do you know it?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir. As chair-
man of the Committee on the Territories 1 am
entirely indifferent whether the House orders
this government to be established or not, but
as a member of this House 1 feel it to be
my duty to vote for the establishment of a civil
government of some kind in this territory;
and I believe that a government, such as has
been established in all the Territories and has
been tried by practical working, is the best
form of government for people in a distant and
sparsely populated country.
Now, I desire to say a single word with regard
to the section which my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Eliot] proposes to strike out. My
friend from Illinois [Mr. Washbukxe] sup-
poses that that section has been interpolated
into the bill by some scheming individuals who
have been mousing around f he Capitol. I want
to say to him that that section was put into the
bill without any suggestion from any person
except a Senator, and that it bad the unani-
mous approval of the committee. So far from
this section authorizing the Legislature to grant
any special privileges to anybody, it expressly
provides that they shall enact at their first ses-
sion stringent penal laws for the protection of
the valuable fur-bearing animals of the terri-
tory^ and especially the sea otter, the seal, and
the beaver. The committee having no knowl-
edge as to the proper months in which those
animals might be killed, or the number of them
which might be safely and properly killed, they
proposed to leave that matter to the territorial
Legislature representing the interests of the
people of that country. We provide specially
in the bill that the Legislative Assembly shall
not grant private charters or special privileges
to any persons, but they may by general incor-
poration act authorize persons to associate
themselves together as bodies-corporate for
" mining, manufacturing, and other industrial
pursuits." " Other industrial pursuits," Itake
it, covers the whole ground. They could pass
a general incorporation law, and any number
of persons who chose—whether oneCompany
or ten companies—could organize under that
law and engage in the seal fishery, or in hunt-
ing for fur-bearing animals, or in mining, or
any other industrial pursuit. I believe that
when the House considers this matter they will
see that that provision is to guard and protect
the interests in the territory, and that to strike
it out is but to invite men there without the
restraints of local law to destroy these animals
until suih time as Congress may in its wisdom
devise an act which shall comprehend and
cover this whole question, which may be four
or five years hence.
Now, sir, I hope this section' will not be
stricken out. I propose to call the previous
question upon this bill; but before doing so I
will yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot,] that he may speak upon his prop-
osition.
Mr. LOGAN. Before the gentleman does
that will he yield to me for a question ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 find in section six of this
bill the following proviso:
Provided, That the Legislative Assembly shall not
grant private charters or special privileges for auy
purpose, butthey may, by general incorporation acts,
authorize persons to associate themselves together as
bodies-corporate for mining, manufacturing( and
other industrial pursuits.
The seventh section of this bill provides—
That the Legislative Assembly of the territory shall
at its first session provide by law for the preservation
ot the valuable furs in said territory, especially the
sea otter, the seal, and the beaver.
Now, I would inquire of the gentleman
whether a company could not be organized
under a general law, and then be authorized
by the Legislature, under the provisions of the
seventh section, to take possession of the whole
fur trade, with full power and authority under
the general clause of " preservation of the val-
uable furs in said territory," depriving the
Government of all control over the subject?
Mr. AS1ILBY, of Ohio. I think my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] is too good alawyer
to have any doubt upon that point. I have
provided in the most stringent manner possi-
ble that the territorial Legislature shall not
grant any special privilege whatever.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that. But the
reason I asked the question is this : that the
words "industrial pursuits" may by construc-
tion be made to cover all things of this char-
acter, where they are not in the nature of
manufactures and things of that kind.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Let me answer
my friend by asking him, if he was called
upon as a member of the Legislature to pass
a general corporation act to authorize men to
organize under it for any purpose, could he
possibly organize any special corporation to
exercise any exclusive right in any water or
any part of the land of the territory? Tbey
must all be under a general law; and not
only one but five hundred organizations may
be made if there are people enough there and
industrial pursuits enough there to justify
them. Gentlemen will find this proposition
substantially in the constitutions of all our
western States. It is in the constitution of
Ohio, providing that the Legislature shall not
grant any special charters.
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the question
of the gentleman. I would understand the law
to be this: section six, providing that no spe-
cial privileges shall be granted, will apply to
special legislation alone. Therefore the Legis-
lature could provide specially for the organi-
zation of a company to pursue any particular
pursuit. But it is also provided in the same
section that the Legislature may provide for
corporations under general law. Hencc they
may provide by general law for associations
being formed by persons coming together and
filing a certain instrument, or writing, or some-
thing of the kind, when they would become an
organized company to all intents and purposes,
as much so as though there was special legis-
lation for the purpose. That is the manner in
which I would construe that clause, and the
gentleman will find that it will be so construed
by almost anybody.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Suppose this pro-
vision is in the constitution of Massachusetts;
and I trust they have a provision like it. Does
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] con-
tend that the Legislature of Massachusetts
could pass a law granting the exclusive right
to any corporation to fish in the waters of that
State? Of course, they could not. But under
a general incorporation law one company or
ten companies might be organized to fish in
the waters of Massachusetts wherever they may
have the right on the shore to draw their nets.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will indulge me for a moment, I will
say what I think would be the operation of
these two sections taken together. The sixth
se^ion provides that companies shall be incor-
porated under general law. Suppose that this
bill becomes a law. The Legislature meets,
and parties appear there who desire to get hold
of the seal fisheries. I do not know who was
the astute Senator who suggested this provision.
But we will suppose that there are parties who
desire to get control of the seal fisheries. The
Legislature passes a general incorporation law,
and those parties organize under it. What is
the next thing to be done? You propose to
confer upon that Legislature the right to pass
laws for the preservation of seals and other
fur-bearing animals. Here is a company that
is organized ; here is a power to preserve these
seals; and so the Legislature proceeds to enact
that the seal fisheries shall be preserved by this
company and by no other. Itgives the exclusive
right to this company as it would have power
to do under the authority conferred by this bill.
That will be the operation of the provision.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
utterly deny—and I am surprised that the gen-
tleman from Illinois should make such a decla-
ration on this floor—-that the Legislature under
this grant of power would have the right to
preserve the fisheries by giving a monopoly of
the whole fur trade and fish trade of the terri-
tory to one corporation.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. The Legis-
lature, Mr. Speaker, would say, "We believe
that tbe only way in which the seal fisheries
can be preserved is to confer the exclusive
right upon this company. Congress has placed
no restriction upon us, and we can use our own
judgment as to the best means of accomplish-
ing the object."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, Mr. Speaker,
I will answer all that by saying that no act of
a territorial Legislature is valid if Congress
chooses to nullify it; and if the Legislature of
this territory should pass any law in contra-
vention of the territorial act or of its true pur-
pose Congress may annul such law. I now
yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Eliot.]
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
the chairman of the Committee on the Territo-
ries [Mr. Ashley, of Ohio] has thus far failed
to indicate to the House any reason for the pas-
page of this bill except the general one that
here is a tract of land over which there is now
no civil government. He has not shown to the
House why civil government should at this
time be extended over Alaska. If there are
not more white men there than have been
stated the gentleman will, of course, admit
that in order to fill up the offices which the bill
proposes to create there would have to be
emigration from the States into Alaska; and
thus gentlemen who have been in any way left
without positions will find an opportunity
under this bill to fill very respectable offices
in that, territory.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. And blow their
brains out. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOf, of Massachusetts. And blow
their brains out, if they choose to follow the
example of tbe military officer mentioned by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.WASHBtriiXE.]
But I want to say a word as to this seventh
section. The House will rememberthat at this
moment, under the law now in force, the kill-
ing of the fur-bearing seal in Alaska is pro-
hibited. If the existing law should be continued
in force during the next year the destruction
of these animals would cease during that time,
and they would have an opportunity to increase.
The Secretary of the Treasury has under the
existing law the power to regulate the taking
of all other fur-bearing animals—the otter, the
beaver, &c., the killing of the seal being alto-
gether prohibited. Now, let me state to the
House what wpuld be the effect of passing this
bill in the shape in which it stands. In the
first place, it would impose upon the Treasury
