1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129f>
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit the question of order to the Senate
that it may be understood. Will the vote to
recede pass the joint resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. As a question of law?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the question of law that will be satisfactory to
the Senate when they pass it. The question
is, in the opinion of the Senate does a vote to
recede pass this joint resolution? [Putting
the question.] Those in favor of that will say
"ay," those opposed "no." The noes ap-
pear to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the Chair would
state the question again. I voted under an en-
tire misapprehension of the form in which the
question was put.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question in this form: in the opin-
ion of the Senate will a motion to recede, if car-
ried, pass the joint resolution ? Those in favor
will say "ay," those opposed "no." [Potting
the question.] The noes evidently have it.
It is not the understanding of the Senate that
such would be the effect! /
Mr. STEWART. Now the question is on
receding-
Mr. SHERMAN. *1 called for a division of
the motion.
The PftESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on receding from the amendments made
by the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WARNER, (when his name was called.)
I desire to say in explanation of my vote that
I am willing to recede from the amendment in
relation to this manner of choosing electors.
["Order!" "Order!"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
not in order.
The result was announced—yeas 33, nays 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry. Bessendea, EVelinghuysen, Harris, Howard.
Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan .Morrillof Maine, Mor-
rill of yermoat, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Robertson, Stewart, Thayer,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Welch, Willey, Williams,
and Yates—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buckalew, Davis,
Dixon, Doolitfcle, Fowler, Harian, Hendricks, Mc-
Creery, Norton,Osborn, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool,
Rice, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer, Vickers,
Wade, Warner, Whyfce, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Grimes, Henderson,
Howe, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sprague, Sumner, and Tip-
toa—9.
So the Senate resolved to recede from its
amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tern-pore. The ques-
tion now is on the latter part of the motion of
the Senator from Nevada. Will the Senate
agree to the proposition of the House of Rep-
resentatives?
Mr. WILSON. I move to agree to the
proposition of the House with an amendment,
to add after the word " vote," in the second
line, the words " and hold office."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I raise a question of order
whether or not the motion to agree is amend-
able at this stage.
TJbe PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
think it is amendable at this stage.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is not in order to
amend the proposition of the House I think
we have not the proposition of the House be-
fore us to act upon. We are driven into this
inconsistency by agreeing that a rote to recede
does not paps the resolution; but having been
driven into that inconsistency, the question now
before the Senate is on concurring in the
proposition of the House, and that proposition
cannot be here unless it is amendable. You
cannot bring a proposition here from the House
that we cannot amend. There is no such
thing as agreeing- arbitrarily—-
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair has decided
the question, and debate cm it is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I appeal from the
decision of the Chair to the Senate on this
question of order, whether the proposition of
the House of Representatives is susceptible
of amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An appeal
being taken, the question is, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate?"
Mr. POMEROY. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Chair to state
the-point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion raised is whether it is in order to amend
the proposition of the House of Representa-
tives at this stage.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that I desire to say
a single word. If the vote to recede has not
passed the joint resolution the resolution is
still pending, and there is no doubt under the
parliamentary law that it can be passed with
an amendment.
Several Senators. Debate on the question
is not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that the
Chair submits the question of his ruling to the
Senate on the appeal, and debate is allowable
on that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor is in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the resolution is now
pending before the Senate, and if the question
now is whether we shall pass the House reso-
lution, it is certainly open to amendment. We
should bein avery strange predicament, indeed,
if a resolution were pending which could not
be amended. I understand the parliamentary
law to be that one House can agree to the
proposition of the other, either absolutely or
with an amendment. The proposition of the
Senator from Nevada now is to agree to this
House proposition, and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts moves to amend his motion to agree
by moving to agree with an amendment. It
seems to me that we should be placed in a very
strange state of things if we could not change
the proposition of the House at all, when the
question is on the passage of the House reso-
lution.
Mr. HARLAN. Every bill passes a period
in its progress*to completion beyond which it
cannot be amended. The bill must be read a
first, a second, and a third time, and the final
question is on its passage. This resolution
has been read, I understand, a first, second,
and third time. It therefore cannot be amended
at this stage without reconsidering the vote on
its third reading.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask a ques-
tion. The Senate having receded from its
amendments, does it not now stand before the
Senate precisely as if it had never made any
amendment; and may it not now propose for
the first time tq offer an amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it has been read three
times, as the Senator from Iowa says.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there can be no
doubt that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts is not in order, for
the reason that the Senator from Nevada moved
to recede from the amendments of the Senate
and agree to the proposition of the House.
That was an entire motion, and was notamend-
able, as everybody will concede, at the time it
was made by the Senator from Nevada; but
the Senator from Ohio asked for a division of
the motion,and a division was made. That does
not open the proposition to amendment. If an
amendment can now be made it could have
been made the moment that the original motion
was made by the Senator from Nevada. Sup-
pose a bill is returned here from the House of
Representatives with a message disagreeing to
our amendments, and a Senator proposes to re-
cede from the amendments made to tie bill by
the Senate, can any proposition to amend be
introduced upon that motion ? This motion is
in effect the same thing; only the Constitution
requires that &a amendment to the Constitution
shall-pass,by a two-thirds vote; and to that
extent, as I understand, the Senate decides that
the rule of the Senate is modified so that it is
necessary not only to recede from the amend-
ments heretofore proposed to this resolution by
the Senator, but it is necessary to affirm its
sanction to the proposition' of the House of
Representatives by a two-thirds vote. It seems
to me that nothing is clearer in parliamentary
lawthan that a mere division of a question does
not change its nature or effect; and,unless an
amendment could have been made at the very
moment the Senator from Nevada made his
motion no amendment can be made now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The suggestion of the
Senator from Iowa was ingenious, that this joint
resolution had gone to a third reading, and that
in that stage it was not amendable. The state-
ment of the Senator is plausible, but I think it
does not rest upon solid ground. I ask Senators
where we left the House proposition. The
House proposition never went to a third read-
ing ; before we reached thethird reading a sub-
stitute for the House proposition was- adopted.
On the second reading we substituted another
proposition for the House resolution, and left
that proposition at the second reading. Now,
sir, this proposition is really at its second read-
ing. It has never passed that point. It is the
point for amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. It is far from me to desire
to embarrass the action of the Senate. What
I said was that if this proposition of the House
were here in a legitimate manner it was open
to amendment. The only trouble about it is
,that it is not here in any legitimate way. The
proper motion to make at this moment, con-
sidering the decision of the Senate that re-
ceding did not pass the resolution, is to recon-
sider the vote of the Senate by which we agreed
to pass the joint resolution as amended, and
when that prevails then another motion to re-
consider the vote by which we ordered it to a
third reading, and if that should prevail it would
then be open to amendment. That is the regular
way to amend it; but we are driven into this
position by what I regard individually as a
wrong decision of the Senate in declaring that
the joint resolution was not passed when we
receded from our amendments. I think it must
be clear to the Senator from Massachusetts
that as the case now stands his first motion to
make is to reconsider the vote by which we
agreed to pass the joint-resolution, and then
when that is carried to reconsider the vote by
which it went to a third reading, and then it
will be open to amendment, not before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing myself to
sustain the decision of the Chair that the propo-
sition is not amendable in this particular form
and at this particular time. Of course it has
gone beyond amendment,; but if the proposi-
tion from the House is here, our first duty, if
we want to amend it, is to reconsider the vote
by which we passed it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if the Senate
is consistent with itself, of course it will over-
rule your decision. Just now it voted in one
way to accomplish an object it wanted to ac-
complish. I believed in the object, but I did
not believe it was right to accomplish it in that
way, and I voted against it. I wish now to ask
whether we have a right to move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passed
originally ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is an appeal pend-
ing, and I call for a vote on that question.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask a question.
I understand the Senator from Kansas to say
that he is ready to sustain the decision of the
Chair at this point. I believe this is his appeal.
Then let him withdraw the appeal, and the
decision of the Chair will stand sustained..;
Mr. POMEROY. In accordance with its
former vote I concluded that the Senate would
siistaio the appeal. They decided before
against what I considered parliamentary taw.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. qnes-
