120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
Senate.
Railroads in the States—Mr. Doolittle.
40th Cong....3d Sess;
party in Congress, and so damaging to the in-
terests of the country, that as a result of unwise
legislation marriage is a luxury the laboring
people of America cannot safely enjoy. Hap-
pily for the country they are so flagrantly and
absurdly false that Mr. Wells deductions and
conclusions will be received but as the vain
imaginings of a dreamy and indolent theorist.
In view of the surprising facts I have brought
to the attention of the committee, and the ur-
gency of the Commissioner for a return to the
revenue tariff and contracted currency of 1860,
I am forced to the conclusion that he regards
poverty and idleness as supreme blessings to
the laboring people of g. country, and I rejoice
that I succeeded in obtaining the floor upon the
motion to print his report, and sounded an
alarm to the masses of my countrymen that it
is an insidious plea for their impoverishment.
In my judgment the first duty of an American
statesman is to watch and guard the rights of
the laboring classes of the country. They pro-
duce its wealth, they fight its battles, and in
their hands is its destiny ; for at every election
they cast a majority of the ballots, and upon
their intelligence, integrity, and manly inde-
pendence rest the welfare of the country. To
make republican government an enduring suc-
cess we must guard the productions of our labor-
ers against competition with those of the ill-paid
and oppressed laborers of Europe, that each
head of a family may by the wages he can
earn maintain a home and be able to support
his children during the years required to give
them the advantages of our common-school
system,, If the Commissioner's report proves
anything to those who are able to detect its
fallacies and test the fullness and accuracy of
its comparative tables, it proves that under
the influence of the cheap aud abundant cur-
rency we now have and the system of pro-
tection which the war forced us to adopt, the
American people are consuming more of the
necessaries and comforts of life than they
were ever before able to consume ; are pro-
ducing more of what they consume than ever
before and in spite of the taxes imposed by
the national debt and other incidents of the
war, are rapidly coming to be commercially
independent of other nations. Yes, sir, under
the influence of a tariff which though it levies
duties on raw materials and commodities which
we do not and cannot produce, is still in a
measure protective, and an adequate amount
of currency. We are slowly emerging from our
commercial dependence upon England, as is
shown by the fact that our imports have stead-
ily diminished since 18G5. Thus in 1806, 1807,
and 1868, respectiveiy, the amounts of foreign
merchandise imported into the country were
as follows:
Year ending 30th of Juno, 1866 $423,470,616
Year ending 30th of Juuo, 1867  374,943,502
Year ending 30th of June, 1868  314,873,433
Thusit appears that notwithstanding the facts
that the increase of our wealth is unparalleled,
and the natural increase of our population is
very rapid, and that "from the 1st of July,
1865, to the 1st of December, 1868, about one
million natives of foreign countries have sought
a permanent home in the United States," our
purchases of foreign commodities are steadily
diminishing. The sapient deduction of the Spe-
cial Commissioner of the Revenue from these
facts is, that we are unable to trade with for-
eign nations, and that to stimulate foreign trade
we must reduce the wages of our laborers and
diminish the amount of currency now profit-
ably employed in the development of our pro-
ductive power. His theory is that "all com-
merce's in the nature of barter or exchange,"
and his complaint is that:
" We have so raised the cost of all domestic pro-
ducts that exchange in kind with all foreign nations
is almost impossible. The majority of what foreign
nations have to sell us, as already shown, we must
or will have (?) What foreign nations want a.nd we
produce, cotton and a few other articles excepted,
they can buy elsewhere cheaper. We are, therefore,
obliged to pay in no small part for such foreign pro-
ductions as we need or will have, either in the pre-
cious metals or, what is worse, in unduly depreciated
promises of national payment."
The Commissioner's exception of "cotton
and a few other articles" leaves Hamlet out
of the play and surrenders his whole case, for
we can raise enough of the articles he ex-
cepts, and of which we have a natural monop-
oly, to pay for every foreign production "we
must or will have."
The beneficent results of free labor in the
former slave States are an agreeable surprise
to its most sanguine friends. The South is
abundantly rich in mineral and special agri-
cultural resources, but she is suffering for the
want of currency to develop them. Were she
adequately supplied with currency, and the
season should be a favorable one, her pro-
duction of cotton, and the few other articles
excepted by the Commissioner, would more
than double that of 1868, and as other nations
must have her cotton, tobacco, rice, and other
semi-tropical productions which they cannot
procure elsewhere, it seems to me that the true
way to stop the flow of precious metals and
Government bonds is to stimulate production
by protecting the wages of labor and avoiding
any contraction of the currency. In support of
this view let me call attention to the fact that
we send from eighty to one hundred million
dollars abroad annually for sugar. If capital-
ists will lend the planters of Florida, Louisiana,
and Texas the means to cultivate their sugar
fields they will produce crops that will save a
large percentage of this vast sum to the coun-
try.*
I showed in the former discussion of this
subject, we bought about forty-five per cent, of
the entire amount of railroad iron exported by
Great Britain during the first ten months of
1868, saying:
"I hold in my hand a circular which reads thus:
'Fifty-eiglit, Old Broad street, London, November
30,1868, from S. W. Hopkins & Co., exporters of rail-
way iron. Monthly Report of Exports of Rails from
Great Britain, extracted from the Government re-
turns.' By this report it appears that in the ten
months ending October31,1868, GreatBritain exported
five hundred and nine thousand nine hundred and
sixty-eight tons of rails. Gentlemen probably think
that England's colonial dependencies took most of
this iron ; thatBritishIndia,BritishNorth America,
and Australia took it. No, gentlemen ; we are her
chief commercial dependency. She is our mistress,
and we maintain her throne and aristocracy. No;
the British dependencies took but eighty-four thou-
sand tons, and her American dependency, the United
States, took two hundred a.nd twenty-eightthousand
tons. Of the five hundred and nine thousand nine
hundred and sixty-eight tons of rails we took twenty-
one thousand tons more than were taken by British
India, Russia, British North America, Sweden, Prus-
sia, France. Spain and Canaries, Cuba, Brazil, Chili,
and Australia."
. The Commissioner makes no note of such
facts as this, but finding some fortunately situ-
*Since my remarks were delivered I have received
from Messrs. McFarlan, Straight & Co., commission
merchants of New Orleans, their trade circular of
February 1, from which X extract the following cor-
roboration of my views:
"Receipts of the Louisiana sugar crop this season
to 30th ultimo,inclusive,foot up 47,419 hogsheads sugar
and 109,518 barrels, 4,692 half barrels, and 17 quarter
barrels molasses. But for lack of promptness in com-
mencing grinding early and of adequate preparation
on the part of the producers for securinga large yield,
and the early severe frosts succeeded by floods of rain,
the Louisinnasugarcropof 1868 would probably have
reached 115,000 hogsheads at least, or about three
times the product of 1867. Theyieldof 186Smusthave
been reduced by mere waste, caused by lack of weod,
lateness in beginning to grind, and the unfavorable
weather during thelatterpart of thogrindingseason,
say 25,000 hogsheads or more, leaving perhaps 90,000
hogsheads to be realized. This great waste from a
bountiful crop is greatly to be regretted, and we may
hope it will not be repeated.
The production of domestic cane-sweets properly
protected and encouraged might be increased far
bey ond the ideas of many who are directly interested.
Wo beheve the sugar lands of this State and Texas
might be made to produce the entire 650,000 tons of
sugar said to be required annually by the people of
the United States, saving the $100,000,000 of specie
paid yearly for foreign sweets, including charges and
import duty, or perhaps fifty to sixty millions actu-
ally Paid to foreign producers. We have space only
to ask the genuine financier to consider this import-
ant instrumentality in aid of a return to the specie
basis."
ated manufacturers of pig-iron guilty of making
profits almost equal to those merchants' and
bankers' average, he holds them up to contempt
and ridicule, and wonders'—yes, in an official
report, sneeringly expresses his surprise—that
they have not petitioned Congress to legislate
for the reduction of their profits! He prob-
ably does not know that the high rate at which
pig-iron is now selling is stimulating the pro-
duction of that primary article to an extent
that promises an early home supply and such
competition among our own people as must
inevitably cheapen the price of iron and reduce
the profits of those whose product is now in
unusual request. In proof of this assertion
I not only point the Commissioner to the
rapid increase of the means of producing pig-
iron in Pennsylvania, but appeal to all the
gentlemen on this floor from districts in or
near which coal, iron ore, and limestone are
found. Districts hitherto unknown to the iron
trade are now producing large quantities ot
pig-iron; and I ask gentlemen from New York,
New Jersey, Ohio, Indiana, southern Illinois,
Missouri, Alabama, Georgia, Maryland, West
Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Caro-
lina, and Oregon, whether there are not more
furnaces erecting in their States, respectively,
than ever were in process of erection at one
time before, and whether those already existing
are not in full operation ? Virginia has no voice
on this floor with which to respond to my ap-
peal, but it is within my knowledge that Penn-
sylvania iron men have constructed and are
constructing furnaces, forges, and rolling-mills
in various parts of that State. If we would
turn the balance of trade in our favor and put
our bonds at par aud stop the outflowing of
gold interest by receiving them in the hands
of immigrants, or in pay for our cotton, rice,
tobacco, provisions, &c., we must avoid the
Commissioner's nostrums, free trade and hard
money, and promote the developments of the
boundless natural resources of the country.
By no other means can we arrest the export
of specie and bonds in exchange for foreign
commodities.
There are many points in the Commissioner's
report that I would glad review, but having
addressed myself to a single one I will leave
them for the consideration of others. Mean-
while I congratulate the country th'at it is so
strong, and the currents of its prosperit}' are
so broad, and moving with such increasing
volume, that no official report or the vagaries
of no theorist can impair or'arrest its progress.
Railroads in the States.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. DOOLITTLE,
op wisconsin,
In the United States Senate,
January 22, 1869.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having
under consideration the bill CS. No. 554) to promote
commerce among the States, and to cheapen the
transportation of tho mails and military and naval
stores, being a bill to grant charters of incorpora-
tion to build three railways, one from Washington
to New York, another from Washington to Pittsburg,
and a third from Washington to Cincinnati, and the
pending question being on the amendment of Mr.
Doolittle, to insert after the word " empowered,"
in line two of section eight, the words " with the con-
sent of the Legislature of the State or States through
which said railway may be located"—
Mr. DOOLITTLE said:
Mr. President : Without this amendment
I can hardly understand how any Senator can
bring himself to believe that, within the powers
granted by the Constitution, Congress can pass
this bill. Even with that amendment there are
considerations, in my judgment, so strong
against the exercise of the power, if we pos-
sessed it, that I should feel constrained to vote
against the bill.
