1869.
THE CONGEESSlOyAL GLOBE.
mi
liow that is. It was never ordered to a third
reading, with or without an amendment. This
proposition came here from the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole, struck out every word of it and
put in a proposition of its own. This propo-
sition wai pending here some days ago as in
Committee of the Whole. It has never been
oidered to a third reading, but the Senate
adopted a proposition of its own, which it did
order to a third reading, and which it passed
and sent to the other House. The House said
'• We will not agree to the proposition of the
Senate which they have substituted for ours,"
asubstitute by way of amendment, I grant you ;
and now it comes back here, and what has the
Senate done today? The Senate say " We
abandon our substitute." Where, then, do we
stand? We stand on the proposition of the
House which we never did order to a third
reading, and it is as much amendable now as it
was when we were in Committee of the Whole
a week ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Chair has decided
otherwise, and the Senate has sustained the
decision. , ,
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Illinois
is right in this respect, that our amendment
did embrace an entire substitute, but still it
was an amendment, and so far as parliament-
ary law or usage is concerned it lias the same
efiect as though we had amended the resolution
in only one word.
Mr. TRCJMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kansas allow tne to ask him this question: did
the Senate ever order to a third reading this
House proposition ?
Mr. POMEROY. They ordered this reso-
lution to a third reading, and that is what we
are talking about. If a substitute is adopted
it is still an amendment, and no more of an
amendment than if it had been a change of
pimply one word, and the parliamentary usage
in regard to it is the same.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the latter clause of the motion of the
Senator from Nevada, that the Senate concur
in the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Chair if the
proposition is not now to pass the House
resolution ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is equiv-
alent to that, I suppose, though not in thai
form.
Mr. POMEROY. The question is on the
passage of the House resolution.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend, the Senator from
Kansas, is a very learned parliamentarian, but
he is altogether mistaken in the issue between
him and the honorable Senator from Illinois.
The honorable Senator from Illinois asks the
Senator from Kansas if the proposition now
under consideration has ever been ordered to
a third reading in the Senate. I think there
can be but one answer to that. But the hon-
orable Senator from Kansas evades the ques-
tion by saying that we have ordered the reso-
lution to a third reading. Well, that simply
means this: that we have ordered the old
handle to have a new blade, and in that form
we accepted the knife; but we have eventually
thrown tlie new blade out and have come back
to the old handle; and the only question now
before us is the old handle and not the new
blade.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator seems to
have forgotten that an amendment becomes a
part of the text of the bill as soon as it is
adopted—becomes the bill itself if it is a substi-
tute. The resolution to pass a bill as amended
passes the amendment as the text. ["Ques-
tion 1 " " Question !]
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution of ihe
House of Representatives.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me exceed-
ingly strange'if We are in a position where we
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 82.
have got to vote qii this proposition of the
House, and nobody can make any amendment
to it in word or letter, in any shape.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. FESSENDEN.
The Senate has decided thai question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand
that the Senate have decided that this resolu-
tion cannot be amended.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, they have.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
by a yea and nay vote so decided.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not detain the
Seuate by any long observations, but have
before me what the Senate did. The record
In the Senate of the TTsited States,
February 1869.
Resolved, That the joint resolution from the House
of Representatives (H. R. jN'o. 402} entitled "A joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States "do pass with, the follow-
ing amendments.
The House did not concur in our amend-
ments, and sent the resolution back here, and
the Senate has voted to recede. Now, if it
were not for the constitutional provision re-
quiring two thirds to submit a constitutional
amendment, I suppose there wouldbe no doubt
at all that the vote of the Senate passed the
joint resolution. That is the parliamentary
law; but the constitutional provision comes
in that in order to pass a constitutional amend-
ment there must be a two-thirds vote, and if
the Senate had voted to recede by a two-thirds
vote I suppose the joint resolution would have
passed; but the Senate decided that the ques-
tion to recede was one thing and the question
to agree was another. Having decided that
the question to agree was another thing, the
resolution is now before the body, and the
question is whether it shall pass or not. Now,
if no amendment whatever can be made to the
resolution, if we have got to vote for the reso-
lution just as it is, or not vote at all, or vote
against it, it seems to me that we are in a very
extraordinary predicament.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word.
The Chair has decided that the only question
that can now be put is whether the Senate
agrees with the House of Representatives in
this resolution, and has further decided that
no motion to amend is in order. From that
an appeal has been taken, and the Chair has
been sustained. Now, I respectfully suggest
that all these discussions with regard to the
question of order, after the Senate has decided
it, must be merely for the purpose of display-
ing the learning of gentlemen on rules of order,
and at this late hour of the day we may as well
vote and dispense with them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say to my
honorable friend that I have no disposition to
display learning; but it seems to me we are in
the strangest position a body was ever placed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have put ourselves
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I am complaining of
the folly of the Senate in putting itself there
by any such decision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator, I take it,
is out of order in making any such complaint
after the Senate has decided.
Mr. MORTON. I want to be indulged in
making one remark. I am very sorry that the
resolution is in such a position that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [.Mr. Wilson] cannot be made, for I
doubt whether the proposition can receive a
two-thirds vote in its present form.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then we can pass the
Senate resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this fails, a motion to
insist and ask for a committee of conference
can be made.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very anxious to come
to a vote on this question ; but I wish to say
one word before the vote is taken. On sur-
veying the whole ground at the present time
I am satisfied this is the best amendment that
can be obtained from this Congiess, and al-
though I still entertain doubt and hesitation
as to the true operation and construction of
this amendment.,.although I apprehend Jfyat it
does grant to. the C'ongress of the Unite^Staj^
by implication power to prescribe qualifica-
tions to voters in t"he States, Mill, under, the
circumstances, I shall feel myself compelled to
yote for this amendment. 1 do U hesitatingly,
and I greatly wish that we had'.befbre us a
more direct and efficient provision. Thisdoe^
not satisfy me, but I take it because it, is..the
best I can get at the present time. ["Ques-
tion !" " Question!"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the resolution
of the House of Representatives?
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be laid on
the table with a view of taking up the Senate
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the resolution be laid upon the" table.
Mr. POMEROY. On .that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 30; as follows:
yrEAS—Messrs, Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bucka-
lew, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fowler,
Grimes, Hendricks, Howe, McCreery, Norton, Pat-
terson ot Tennessee, Pool, Ross, SjulsbuFjr, Sawyer,
Spencer, Sumner, Trutabuii, Van VVmklo, Vickera.
Warner, White, Wilson, and Yale?—28.
NAYS—Messrs, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conklin?, Cragin, Drake, Ferry, Vessenden, Freling-
huysen, Harlan, Harris, Howard. Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ram-
sey, Rice, Robertson, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer,
Wade, Willey, and Williams—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Connes=. Corbett, Henderson,
Morton, Pomeroy, Sprague, Tipton, andWeich—S.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the resolution of the
House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I think
it is not becoming that a proposition should be
pressed through because of the accident of its
position, when it is so clearly not the desire of
two thirds. There may possibly he under the
pressure of an embarrassment of the question
a vote of two thirds obtained for it; but surely
every Senator will agree that it ought not to
pass unless two thirds are cordially satisfied
with it. Now, unquestionably what the Senate
desires can be come at, and it requires only
some little consideration an J deliberation about
it. With a view to that, I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—
ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring iu the resolution of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if it is now
in order, I move to commit this proposition in
its present form to the committee from which
it came originally, the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. STE U'ART. No ; that is not in order.
Mr. FERRY. I submit that nothing is in
order till this vote has been taken.
Mr. CONIvLING. The Chair has ruled
such a motion out and been sustained on the
appeal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in order to commit the resolution at this stage.
Mr. SUMNER. I bad supposed thatamotion
to commit was always In order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll.
The Chief Clerk commenced the call of the
roll, and Mr. Abbott answered to his name.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand my motion
is overruled as out of order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has so ruled.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I insist that the
ruling of the Chair shall be enforced. The
roll is being called and a member of the Senate
has answered.
Mr. RAMSEY and others. Proceed with
the call.
Mr. GRIME1?, No: theSeuatorfrom North
Carolina did not answer until after the' Senator
