THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
fenuine value of their occupation by the people,
'utting the population they would have had
within a reasonable timeat three hundred thou-
sand and the average productive value of each
individual to the community at $300 each, we
should have had an accession in value of
$80,000,000. Instead of this we have vast areas
withdrawn from production and held for specu-
lative purposes, while the few are enriched and
the many Sre kept poor by the heavy taxation
necessary to sustain civil society. There is
another element in this count which needs con-
sideration. U nder the beneficentsystem adopted
by the General Government our public lands
are made to sustain, as they should do, the peo-
ple'sschools. Wegive, and have for over thirty
years-, to every western State, the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections in every township of the
surveyed public lands for this purpose. Out
of every six miles square there are given two
square miles as an endowment to the public
schools. Under the system of ceding lands by
treaty, of which my State has been made so pre-
eminently the victim, no provision has been
made for school reservations. Like the slave
and land oligarchy of the South, the cupidity of
the speculator and railroad monopolist could
not see, and does not desire to do so, the ines-
timable advantages of this endowment of our
school system. If we examine the total area
of the school lands out of that already ceded
into private hands, and that proposed to be by
pending treaties, we shall have a total of 2,179
sections, or 1,394,060 acres, which, retained
until population had somewhat enhanced its
value, would net at least $5,000,000 to the
school fund of the State of Kansas.
But, sir, this is not all. The evils engen-
dered by the policy to which I have referred
has another lamentable illustration in the un-
happy condition of that large body of settlers
located within the two counties of Neosho and
Labette, in southern Kansas, upon a tract of
land relinquished to the United States by the
Great, and Little Osage Indians by a treaty
known as the Osage treaty of September 25,
1865, (proclaimed January 21, 1867,) and
embracing thirty by fifty miles off the east end
of the Osage lands.
By the terms of this treaty it was agreed that
this tract should be surveyed and sold as other
public lands are surveyed and sold under
existing laws, (excepting, however, preemp-
tion claims and homestead settlement) in trust
for certain beneficial and philanthropic objects.
Attracted by the tempting character of the fer-
tile valley which traverses the entire length of
these relinquished lands and contemplating the
speedy extinguishment of the Indian title, luin-
dredsof families had entered there and opened
up thrifty and beautiful farms. The treaty was
finally promulgated January 21, 1807, after a
meauingless amendment had been inserted by
tho Senate in the first article of the treaty,
attaching to the proviso for the sale of these
lands, "under existing laws," the words
" including any act granting lands to the State
of Kansas in aid of the construction of a rail-
road through said lands."
Inasmuch as the treaty provides for the sale
of all this land in trust for the Osage Indians,
and alsoon account of the general civilization
fund, it is not easy to see upon what principles
of law or justice a large proportion of them
have been withdrawn from sale. It is claimed
by certain interested parties that an act of
Congress passed March 8, 1863, four years
before the date of this treaty, granting the
Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Rail-
road Company every alternate section of land
designated by odd numbers, for ten sections in
width on each side of said road, from the city
of Lawrence, Kansas, to the southern line of
the State in the direction of Galveston bay,
Texas, entitles that company to the alternate
sections along the line projected by them
through these lauds.
This claim was repudiated by Eton. Joseph
S. Wilson, Commissioner of the General Land
Office, by his decision rendered May 17, 1807.
Meanwhile settlement rapidly increased until
upward of three thousand families were located
on the lands and opened farms in confident
expectation of being able to secure their homes
from the United States. A more thrifty, in-
telligent, and valuable class of immigration
never crossed the borders of the State I have
the honor to represent.
I call attentiou to the fact that no attempt
was made by the Department of the Interior to
undeceive these people in regard to the con-
struction placed by them, by the Commissioner
of the Land Office, and by the general public
upon this treaty until November 8, 1867, more
than nine months after its promulgation, wheu
the Secretary of the Interior, upon the appeal
taken by Senator E. G. Boss from the ruling
of Commissioner Wilson, reversed that just,
sound, and humane decision. Following this
remarkable judgment, the lands were with-
drawn from sale; and, without relief from
Congress, this portion of my constituents are
left to the cupidity of the railway company,
which claims title to their homes.
It will be remembered that early during the
last session a resolution unanimously passed
this House providing for the sale of these lands
to actual settlers at §1 25 per acre, payable in
four annual installments. That resolution went
to the Senate, where it was referred to a com-
mittee, but, though the committee approves it,
no action has yet been had by the Senate. As
a consequence, doubt and uncertainty cloud
the future of these people, at least 15,000 in
number, and their every interest is being sacri-
ficed. It cannot be doubted that any intelli-
gent and just legislator, before whose attention
the facts of this case are fairly placed, will say
that the settler ought to get his lands and his
title at $1 25 per acre, as is provided by the
resolution to which I have referred.
But, Mr. Chairman, these facts, alarming as
they are, are not all. The monopolies created,
the wrongs inflicted, and the enriching of the
few at the expense of the many, do not stop
here, so far as Kansas is concerned. In order
to exhibit to this House and to the country the
enormity of the land speculations sanctioned
by the Senate, and for the purpose of resisting,
as best I can, the great wrongs perpetrated
by this treaty policy upon my constituents, I
will present here the following statement in
reference to the Cherokee neutral lands, which
I have carefully prepared, and to which I in-
voke the serious attention of the House and
of the country:
CHEROKEE NEUTRAL LAXDS.
Statement showing actual areai, population, claimants,
valuci, improvemnlts, and school lands; together with
astatemeiU of the profits of the purchaser as shown by
the Commissioner's synopsis and the actual total
profits, -includinff mineral valxtes ;
Actual acres.
Total area of lands occupied by actual
settlers  480,000.00
Total area of unoccupied lands 319,614.72
Total area of Cherokee neutral lands  709,614.72
Population and claimants.
Population of Cherokee neutral lands 15,000
Number of actual claimants      3,000
N umber of claimants to whom appraisers issued
certificates  1,003
^Number of claimants whose certificates are
valueless because on coal lands or on claims
transferred since August 11,186S  603
Number of claimants actually protected by
treaty only  400
Number of claimants unprotected  2,600
Values.
Total value of lands occupied by actual settlers (as
appraised)  $720,000 00
Total value of lands unoccupied (as ap-
praised)  $479,422 08
Value of coal beds per acre (as estimated
by experts)  $175 00
Value of coal per ton in bank  10
Total value of coal fields in Cherokee
neutral lands, estimated at80,000aores$14,000,000 60
Total value of Cherokee neutral lands.
including coal beds $15,199,422 08
"Proviso in seventeenth artieleof treaty of August
11, 386c?—1"Lands not being mineral." Also, extract
from Joy's letter of July 6,1868—"a reservation will
be made also of land where coal shall be found to
exist capablo of being worked to advantage."
Total area of improved lands in acres  120,000
Total value of improvements 81,800,000
School lands.
Number of acres in sixteenth and thirty-sixth sec-
tions to which Kansas is entitled by act of admis-
sion   44,423
Value of said school lands to the State of
Kansas at $5 per acre §222,115
Profits as shown by Commissioner's synopsis.
Total value of unoccupied lands as shown by Com-
missioner's synopsis $892,668 30$
Total amountrequired to bo paid by pur-
chaser under treaty  640,199 69
Profit of purchaser as shown by Commis-
sioner's synopsis $252,468 6H
Actual profits, including mineral values.
Actual values of "unoccupied" lands, not includ-
ing mineral values, if sold to settlers at $5 per
acre  $3,200,998 45
Actual value of eoal beds as above
shown  14,000,000 00
Total value  17,200,998 45
Deduct amount required to be paid
under treaty  640.199 69
Actual profits to purchaser under
treaty $16,560,798 76
I have prepared this statement from informa-
tion derived from official sources and from per-
sonal knowledge, and I have no doubt butwhat
it is substantially correct. My estimate of the
extent and value of the coal fields is far below
the estimates of the geologist and other scien-
tific authorities, andislessthanonebalfas much
as made by residents on the land. I know, sir,
it will be charged by the land speculators that
I am extravagant in my estimate of mineral
values. To this I answer that I'have taken
no note of other minerals besides coal, though
it is confidently believed that lead exists in
large quantities, as gentlemen will remember
is the case in the adjacent counties-in Mis-
souri ; and it is to be said, also, that much of
the surrounding country is deficient in coal
resources, and for all time must be supplied
from the inexhaustible coal deposits of the
neutral lands. Though undeveloped to-day,
the greedy speculators, watching the secret ses-
sions of the Senate from which these schemes
of public plunder emanate, see in these vast
natural resources colossal fortunes which are
easily secured through the cunning and cor-
rupt chicanery of this treaty system.
In the case in hand, the simple words "lands
not,being mineral" cheat the people, monopo-
lize fuel for four million population for all time,
and enrich the few at the expense of the many.
The homestead law, the preemption laws, edu-
cational interests, the rights of the citizen,
equality of taxation, and all just principles of
policy relating to the title and occupancy of
the public domain, have been trampled down
by the Senate, as one after another it has sanc-
tioned the fraudulent Indian treaties transfer-
ring the land to the rapacious monopolists.
Fifty thousand people in Kansas have been
robbed directly or indirectly by these gigantic
speculations thus officially indorsed, and have
thus far appealed in vain to the Senate for relief.
This House has passed measures of relief,
allowing these brave and suffering pioneers
to purchase their homes at $1 25 per acre by
authority of law, but the land monopolist only
has yet been heard at the other end of this
Capitol.
How long, Mr. Chairman, will the free people
of this country thus submit to such flagrant
outrages upon their post sacred rights? Let
them continue, however, to demand justice of
their public servants, and let them insist that
the veil of secrecy be removed from the con-
sideration of Indian treaties, so that if these
outrages are to be still continued it may he
done in the presence of the people whose
rights are trampled down and whose homes
are sacrificed on the altar of remorseless spec-
ulation.
It will thus be seen, sir, that the people of
Kansas are deeply interested in the right dispo-
sition of this important question. It involves
the homes of fifty thousand people already on
