1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847-
the Osage, Cherokee, and other lands. It in-
volves the proper equalization of the burdens
of State and local taxation. It involves the
prosperity, presentand prospective, of the com-
mon schools of my State, it is of vast import-
ance even to the Territories west of Kansas.
It is essential to the proper relations of the
coordinate branches of the Government, of the
right exercise of the functions that belong to
each, and it may even affect the territorial
integrity of the Union itself. This abuse of
the treaty power once granted, and allowed to
grow unchecked into precedent, may be but the
stepping-stone to more dangerous assumptions.
Sir, the Republican party of the State of Kan-
sas has expressed itself in an unmistakable man-
ner as to the policy it sustains upon this ques-
tion. At its last State convention the following
was adopted almost unanimously:
" 5. In the distribution of public lands and Indian
reserves we demand the full protection ot the rights
of settlers, and the reservation of the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections to which the State is entitled for
educational purposes. Wholesale grants of territory
to speculation and foreign corporations are unfavor-
able to the interests of the community, and incon-
sistent with tho obj ects for which the national domain
should be distributed. We especially condemn the
policy of the disposing of Indian reservations to rail-
roads or land monopolies, and insist that such lands
be undeniably opened to actual settlement at not
more than 81 25 per acre. We demand, in the name
of our frontier settlers, that the uncivilized Indians
be driven from the State, and the civilized tribes be
speedily removed to the Indian country."
The same convention did me the honor, in
the face of a determined opposition made on
account of the position 1 had taken in this
House on the Osage treaty, and similar mat-
ters, to renominate me by a large majority. I
went before my constituents on the issues raised
by the Republican party, both in nation and
State, and after canvassing the State,speaking at
length and frequently on this question, among
others, was reelected by a majority of over six-
teen thousand in a vote of over forty-five thou-
sand. It is my intention, therefore, as it is my
duty, to be true to the trust which the people
of Kansas have confided to my hands, as their
only representative upon this floor, and espe-
cially to be faithful lotheprinciplesandpurposes
of the great party of freedom with which all
the days of my political life have been associ-
ated ; and, sir, one of the most cherished and
cardinal of those principles is that of free
homesteads—the preservation of the public
domain for the occupation of the bona fide
settler.
It shall be my purpose hereafter to resist
every encroachment upon that principle. I
shall continue to oppose that abuse of the treaty
power which this Househas already condemned,
but which has not yet received its death-blow.
It will be my purpose to vote hereafter in favor
of only sueli measures as will increase the
security and value of the homestead system.
I' shall oppose the direct granting of more
lands to railroad schemes without conditions
being previously annexed allowing settlement
and purchase by the pioneer farmer at stated
prices. I shall vote for all measures which
make railroads already in possession of land
subsidies throw open the same at the same
rates and rules as this House has already indi-
cated shall be required whenever any more
land grants are bestowed.
In short, Mr. Chairman, whatever measures
maybe necessary to maintain the homestead
policy unbroken and to keep the great bulk of
the public domain aslhe Republic's best inter-
ests demand, for the occupation of the toiling
and landless millions, will receive my most
cordial support, as 1 am sure they will that of
the people of Kansas.
Mr. CULLOM obtained the floor, but yield-
edMr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose: and Mr.
Price having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Van Horn, ot New Yoi -, ie-
ported that the Committee of the \\ hole on the
state of the Uuion had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the President's
annual message of 1867, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(atfour o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By the SPEAKER: The petition of James
W. Johnson, of Berryville, Virginia, for re-
moval of his political disabilities.
Also, the petition of W, S. Andrews, of
Whittle's Mills, Virginia, relative to the bank-
rupt law.
Also, the petition of Albert Sumner, of
Alexandria, Virginia, for a grant of lands.
Also, a petition of the Union League of
Anderson county, Texas, for the continuance
of the Freedmen's Bureau.
By Mr. BECK: The petition and exhibits
of James Saffell, of Kentucky, claiming com-
pensation for horses and other property lost
while engaged in the mail service of the United
States.
By Mr. BROOMALL: A memorial of the
yearly meeting of Progressive Friends, held
at Longwood, Pennsylvania, praying that the
American Indians be protected and treated
with justice and humauity.
By Mr. DODGE : A petition of the citizens
of Decatur county, Iowa, asking for a grant of
land in aid of the Iowa Southern Railroad
Company.
Also, a petition of citizens of Council
Bluffs and Glenwood City, asking for the repeal
of sections seventy-eight and ninety-four of
the act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco.
By Mr. LAWIJENCE,_ of Pennsylvania:
The petition of Captain William Welsh, of the
fortieth regiment United States troops, for the
antedating of his commission.
By Mr. MOORE : A petition from captains
and owners of vessels of Wilmington, Dela-
ware, praying the intervention of Congress to
protect all engaged in navigation from illegal
exactions by State and municipal corporations.
Also, petitions from owners and masters of
vessels of Jersey City, Elizabeth Point, Abse-
com, Tuckahoe, Somers' Point, and Leeds'
Point, New Jersey, praying the intervention
of Congress to protect all engaged in naviga-
tion from illegal exactions by State and muni-
cipal corporations.
Also, petitions from the Vessel Owners As-
sociation of Philadelphia and 200 masters and
owners of vessels, praying the intervention ot
Congress to protect all engaged in navigation
from illegal exactions by State and municipal
corporations.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The petition of James
Porter and others, praying for the extension
of mail route No. 9392, in the State ot Ohio.
By Mr. PETERS : The petition of Patrick
Hickey, for a pension.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition of the
members of the bar of Kanawha county, West
Virginia, against removing the circuit court
of the United States from Parkersburg to
Wheeling.
Also, a similar petition from the members of
the bar of Mason county. _ _
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, favoring a
continuance of what is known as the fatty per
cent, clause in the bankrupt law, whicu took
effect in January, 1S63.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Stephen D. Ford, praying for the passage ot
a special act granting him a pension tor ser-
vices rendered as a private in company A,one
hundred and sixteenth regiment Ohio volun-
teers, in the war of the rebellion.
Also, the petition of Rachel Conkle; widow
of Henry Conkle, praying a pension as sueli
widow of said Henry Conkle, who was a pri-
vate in company D, seventeenth regiment of
Ohio volunteers,, in the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: A petition from
the loyal men of Wilkinson county, State of
Mississippi, asking Congress to admit the said
State into the Union under the constitution
lately ratified by the legal voters of the State,
declaring such admission as ths only means of
protecting the life, peace, and property of
loyal men.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 14,1809.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the petition of Charles Leigh and others, citi-
zens of the United States, praying that the
right of suffrage be extended to women in the
District of Columbia and the Territories: which
was referred to the Committee oil tho District
of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of Edwin
Booth and others, citizens of the United
States, praying that the right of suffrage bo
extended to women in the District of Colum-
bia and the Territories ; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New Jersey, praying that the right of suffrage
be extended to women; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING presented a memorial of
the New York, Newfoundland, and London
Telegraph Company, signed by_ Peter Cooper,
its president, praying permission to land its
cable upon the shores of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying that the
right of suffrage be extended to women in the
District of Columbia and in the Territories;
which was referred to the Committee on tho
District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the memorial of a
convention held at Prairie Du Chien, W iscon-
sin, November 10, 18G8, by their committee,
Samuel Merrill, Governor of Iowa, B. J. Ste-
vens, of Wisconsin, M. J. Gilchrist, of Iowa,
and William J. LaDuc, of Minnesota, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of
the Wisconsin and Fox rivers, with a view of
securing water communication between the
Mississippi river and tho lakes. This is a very
able document, setting forth the advantages
that would result from the establishment of
such a line forming a communication between
the grain and food-producing States and the
other parts of the Union. Perhaps I ought to
state that this contemplated work has been
surveyed by a board of engineers appointed by
the Secretary of War, General Warren being
the chief of the board. They ascertained that
this improvement can be made by an appro-
priation of less than five hundred thousand
dollars, so as to secure a channel three feet
deep throughout the entire length, or four feet
in depth by an appropriation ot $3,000,000, or
five feet in depth by an appropriation of
$4,000,000. The memorialists, by the com-
mittee, submit also with this memorial a memo-
randum suggesting an appropriation in the
nature of a loan with a regulation requiring
tolls to be paid, and the interest on this loan
to be paid out of tho tolls, and ultimately the
principal. I move that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Alplieus C. Gallahue, praying an extension or
his patent for an improvement _in machines tor
pegging boots and shoes; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents. _
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
