1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m®
as any one for a proposition that colored men
shall hold office, but because I cannot get
everything I want now I am not to reject what
I can get. I am for taking what we can get
now, and I do not wish to see it loaded down
and embarrassments thrown in its way. Do
not let us trample on what the other House
lias sent us, but let ns take that. It is a great
Btep forward. It will redeem Kentucky, and
Maryland, and Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No ; it will not.
Mr. STEWART. Not redeem Delaware!
I did not suppose Delaware was beyond re-
demption. I hope that the day of salvation
is not entirely passed for that great State!
Mr. Abbott rose.
Mr. STEWART. I am not through yet.
I have not occupied much time, but I want the
country to know that this is the test of any
movement to amend the Constitution. If we
fail to get suffrage secured now, we shall fail al-
together, Besides, the propositions separately
are much more easily carried in the States.
You can carry the question of suffrage easier,
and then after that you can carry the question
of holding office easier than-you can Carry both
together. I notice that in the discussions in
the public prints it is stated that the country
has settled down on the question of suffrage, but
not on the question of holding office. Some
of our leading Republican journals have ob-
jected to the latter. There is great opposition
to putting them both together, and sufficient
power in the Senate among those who do not
want any amendment to defeat it, if jon do
not get it on this vote, and I appeal to the
Senate to let us have it now.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. Piesident, I propose to
say but a very few words in regard to this
matter. I do not know into what straits the
Senate is driven, what emergency has arisen,
that the Senate and the other House cannot
give proper consideration to this matter. I
think it'there had been less debate on this sub-
ject and more voting we should have arrived
sit a conclusion long ago. Now, I wish to say
that I am not going to be driven to this point
in this manner. I am not going back to my
constituents having voted for an amendment
to the Constitution which deprives them of the
right to vote and hold office. I will not be
put in that position, and I presume that most
of those from the southern States will act as I
do in regard to it. If it is so that we are to
put ourselves into such a fury that we cannot
consider this matter dispassionately and do
what ought to be done, then I prefer that the
whole thing fail until such time as some spirit
of serenity and coolness of judgment comes
over the Senate so that we can attend to it
properly.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator will have it
fail until there is not a two-thirds majority in
the other House to pass it.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I suppose
the object of this amendment is to secure man-
hood suffrage. I suppose, if the Congress of
the United States have any idea in making this
proposition at all, it is for that purpose, and
that alone. I do not suppose that we wish to
offer an amendment to the Constitution which
will place the northern States on a different
basis from that occupied by the southern States;
yet if this amendment does prevail, that will be
the exact effect of it. We have in the southern
States at present constitutions which guaranty
to the colored citizens the right not only to
vote, but to hold office. We do not propose
here, or at any rate I do not propose here, to
vote for an amendment which prescribes for
the citizens of Pennsylvania or Kentucky or of
any other State any different rule than that.
If the country is not ready for that proposition
now, then let us wait. As my honorable friend
from North Carolina has said, I see no partic-
ular reason why the Congress of the United
States should be in such a hurry about this.
If the country has not come up to that'condi-
tion of public sentiment yet which will enable
it to adopt the principle of manhood suffrage,
let us wait .until the couptry is at tuat point. I
am not obliged here, I do not feel bound here,
to vote for an amendment to the Constitution
which accomplishes nothing and under which
any State may pass a law which shall disfran-
chise four fifths of the colored population with-
out mentioning the word "color;" and I do
not hold myself ready to answer to the appeal
which has been made -by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Nevada to vote for this or we shall
have nothing. I had rather have nothing than
to have this; and when I go back to my con-
stituents they will say to me that I voted right.
I believe that our northern friends ought not
to press upon us to vote for this proposition,
which will not stand the test of trial for a
moment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it is obvious
now that we cannot carry the House proposi-
tion by a majority of two thirds. At least, I
think so. 'Therefore I suggest that if the
Senator from Massachusetts will withdraw his
motion to recommit to the Judiciary Commit-
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is ruled out of order
already.
Mr. MORTON. I was going to suggest a
motion to reconsider the vote by which we
receded from our amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. That is what ought to be
done.
Mr. MORTON. And then let us have a
conference committee. There is one already
appointed on the part of the House, and the}'
can meet to-morrow morning, and by to-mor-
row at one o'clock both Houses cau agree on
a constitutional amendment in proper form.
Several Senators. Tbat is it.
Mr. MORTON. I will make the motion,
and let the question be decided whether it is
now in order to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate receded from its amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair has once
decided it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, we
have not decided that question.
Mr. MORTON. That is the practical way
out of the difficulty.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to my
friend another practical way. Let us vote down
the House proposition and then ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has not yet been de-
cided that the motion to reconsider is not in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider is in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, we are
told that one of the beneficial effects to result
from the enactment of this measure is the re-
demption of Maryland, Kentucky, and Dela-
ware. " The mighty State, the great State of
Delaware,'' is the expression; and who is it
that speaks of the great State of Delaware ?
aud where does he come from? Let him go
home and ask the wild animals, his constitu-
ency, that he comes from. He is the repre-
sentative of a State of yesterday merely. I do
not deny her greatness, nor shall I assert it.
but it becomes not a representative from Ne-
vada to say, for the purpose of disparagement,
that Delaware is a great State!
But, Mr. President, there is more in the
remark of the Senator from Nevada than the
mere allusion to the dimensions of my State.
I treat it as a frank avowal, as an open con-
fession made in the face of the American peo-
ple, that this proposed change of the funda-
mental law, to be operative in all time to come,
for weal or woe to the interests of the people
of the country, is designed for partisan pur-
poses and partisan purposes alone. Why do I
draw this inference from the remark of the Sen-
ator from Nevada? Because he says that this
measure will redeem Kentucky and Maryland
and Delaware. Redeem them from what? Sir,
when the people of Delaware want a saviour
they will not go to Nevada for a redeemer to
expiate their transgressions. Redeemed from
what? Has she fallen from anything? She is
living in the same state aud condition, under
the K&uie organic law under which sh£ has lived
ever since she has been a State, Her people at
the present day are following the example, of
their fathers. The word redemption, as us«d
by the Senator from Nevada, perhaps does not
express his meaning. He peAagg means $>at
this measure, by clothing a large negro popu-
lation with the right of voting, will change the
political aspect of that State; that whereas
now, and heretofore the people of that. State
have steadily opposed the Republican party,
with the accession of their sable friends they
will be able to reverse the action of the people
of Delaware. Not so, sir. Although it be true
that nearly one fifth of her population are free
negroes, yet every negro vote that you get only
adds two white votes to the Democratic party.
If this proposition is adopted the majority
of the Democratic party in that State will be
larger at the next election than it was at the
last; and at the last election it "was twice as
large as it ever had been in the State. And
why ? Simply-beeause of your legislation spe-
cially in the interest of the negro race and
adversely to the interests of the white people.
So far as the result of an election in my State
is concerned, I do not care whether your prop-
osition is adopted or not, because with it Re-
publicanism can have no foothold in the State
of Delaware, and without it it can never have
any foothold there. When God Almighty made
the mold that made that people, and when
He east that people in the mold which he
made, he molded them of that material and
made the mold of that material that .it is im-
possible that they and their descendants can
ever so degenerate as to feel pride and honor
in association, politically, or socially, with an
inferior race. Let those who feel that- snch is
their nature and that such is their want of
mental and moral illumination that they have
to invoke the superior wisdom and the superior
morality of the negro race take them to their
bosoms and welcome them into the political
councils of their States. The people of my
State are not placed in any such situation, and
they do not need the additional enlightenment
which they are to get from Africa.
Mr. President, I have said now all that I
wished to say, which was simply to refer to the
remark of the honorable Senator from Nevada,
who is from a State much less popnlous than
Delaware, unless yon include among his con-
stituency the buffaloes and wild beasts, and to
hold up to the Senate the taste of the remark
of the Senator in reference to my State when
he called it a great State.
Mr. CAMERON. It must be evident to
every member of the Senate that we shall
gain nothing if we remain here. I desire to
have this question settled, as I am sure every
other Senator does, without a waste of time;
but we have been in a temper for the last few
days which has prevented us from doing any-
thing. I propose that we shall take a recess
for two hours. ["No!" "No!"} Well, I
will say for an hour and a half. If we go
straight along I predict that we shall not get
through. It is as certain as that we are here
in this Chamber that we shall do nothing if we
sit here until to-morrow morning; but let us
have a recess of an hour and a half, if Sena-
tors prefer that time, and go home to our din-
ners, and then return and, if it be necessary,
stay all night and dispose of this question. I
feel confident that we shall not obtain a vote
upon it now if we should remain here for hours;
but I believe if we retire to our homes for a
short time and then return we shall be able to
get the vote.
Mr. STEWART and others. Let ns take
the vote now.
Mr, CAMERON. You cannot get the vote.
The moment the vote is called some Senator
will get up and immediately make a speech,
and that will induce somebody else to speak.
I submit the motion that the Senate take a
recess for an hour and a half.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us adjourn until
to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. I shall call lb* yeas aud
nay* on any mating 4
