124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
Senate.
Railroads in the States—Mr. Doolittle.
40th Cong....3d Subs.
"3. To regulate commerce.
"4. To pay the debts and provide for the common
defense and general welfare.
" 5. From the power to make all laws necessary
and proper for carrying into execution all the powers
vested by the Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any department or officer
thereof.
"6. From the power to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the terri-
tory and other property of the United States.
"According to my judgment, it cannot be de-
rived from either of those powers, nor from all of
them united, and in consequence it does not exist."
Mr. President, we all know, for it is within
the recollection of Senators, the discussion
which took place upon the veto of General
Jackson upon the Maysville road bill. It is so
familiar that I will not quote any of its lan-
guage. It is well known that he maintained
the same views which had been maintained by
Madison and Monroe in their veto messages,
and which were known to be the views of the
Convention that framed the Constitution of the
United States.
But, Mr. President, there are two other gen-
tlemen as distinguished, and perhaps more so,
than any others in civil life in the revolution-
ary period, whose opinions upon this question
ought to be well considered. I refer to Mr.
Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton. They were
the representative men of their period, repre-
senting different and somewhat antagonistic
ideas on this very question of the proper con-
struction of the Constitution ; the one repre-
senting, if you please, laying great stress at
least upon the powers reserved to the States ;
the other, from his natural tendency of mind
and his convictions, in favor of the most liberal
construction of the powers vested in the Federal
Government. Sir, when both those men—
the man who represented the most enlarged
ideas of Federalism, whose tendencies and
opinions favored centralization of power, and
also the man who represented the ideas of
republicanism, a strict construction upon all
the powers granted to the Federal Govern-
ment and a liberal construction of all the
powers reserved to the States—when both
these men, who were somewhat extreme in their
' views and opinions, but were the true repre-
sentative men of their period, concur in tell-
ing you that the Convention which framed the
Constitution gave Congress no power to char-
ter incorporations, to build railways, or to cut
canals, it seems to me almost impossible that
gentlemen, if they desire to construe the Con-
stitution as it was made or as it was construed
by those who made it, can find in the Consti-
tution the power to grant this railroad incor-
poration.
There are one or two other features of this
bill to which I desire to call attention. Having
shown, as I think, both from the Constitution
itself and from its proper construction that no
such power was expressly given and no such
power can properly be implied, there are still
other objections. Under the terms of this bill
the power of eminent domain is asserted over
the soil and territory of the State without its
consent. The State is substantially ousted of
its jurisdiction. _ The bill provides that for all
acts done or omitted by the railroad company
there shall be no suit commenced in a State
court which shall not be transferred, upon ap-
plication, to the courts of the United States.
Therefore the property which is taken is to be
taken by the authority of the United States.
True, by an amendment adopted yesterday, the
words "in behalf of the United States" are
stricken out, but the effect is not changed. The
property is still to be taken from the State by
the Federal Government and the title put into
a corporation created by the Federal Govern-
ment^ and then the Federal Government as-
serts its jurisdiction over this road and over the
soil of the State covered by its tracks and de-
pots and over all questions done or omitted to
be done in and about the same. It asserts the
jurisdiction of the United States and the Uni-
ted States courts without asking the eonsent of
the State. Without the adoption of my amend-
ment, which requires this to be done only with
the consent of the Legislatures of the States,
this bill is, in my judgment, a clear violation
of the spirit of the Constitution, if not of its
express letter. By the seventeenth clause of
the eighth section of the first article of the
Constitution Congress has the power—
" To exercise exclusivelegislation in all cases what-
soever over such district (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may, by cession of particular States and
the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of tho
Government of the United States, and to exercise
like authority over all places purchased by the eon-
sent of the Legislature of theStatein which the same
shall be for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals,
dockyards, and other needful buildings."
These words, *' other needful buildings,"
would cover a railway, its stations and its
track, because its track may be said to be a
building within the comprehensive meaning of
the term. It is a great engine, laid upon the
earth it is true, over which pass locomotives
with cars so rapid as almost to annihilate time
and distance. A mighty engine ! to be sure, a
thing of modern growth, not known when the
Constitution was formed, but none the less a
thing, a " building," which would be embraced
within these words. Sir, is it to be supposed
that if the Government of the United States
has no power to obtain exclusive jurisdiction
over the ground on which to build a fort with-
out asking the consent of a State Legisla-
ture 
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend certainly must
be aware that it has been decided that the
United States may purchase ground for forts
or other public buildings, but it cannot have
exclusive jurisdiction, under the language of
the Constitution, without the consent of the
States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that. If
the honorable Senator had heard the beginning
of my argument he would understand the force
which I give to this clause. I maintain that
this bill ousts the jurisdiction of the State over
this railroad by giving jurisdiction to the courts
of the United States over whatever may be
done or omitted to be done in the operation of
the railway or in its construction.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill itself allows no
cases to be carried to the courts of the United
States except cases where the validity of the
franchise is called in question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the lan-
guage of the bill. That was offered by way of
amendment to a certain portion of the section
and adopted. But, sir, there is another clause
in the section. Let me read a clause from the
bill:
"That if any suit or proceeding, either in law or
equity, or anyciiminal prosecution shall be com-
menced in any Stato court, against the New York
and "Washington Iui.il way Company, their successors
or assigns, or any person authorized or employed by
them, for any act done, or omitted to be done, in and
about the construction of the railway hereby author-
ized under and by virtue of this act, and in which the
validity of any franchise conferred by this act is denied,
or to restrain by injunction or otherwise the construc-
tion,completion,or operationof the said railway," &c.
JChis clause in italics I have no doubt was
inserted with a view in part to avoid the effect
of the constitutional provision to which I have
referred; but it does not relieve the section
from the fact that the United States Govern-
ment creates a corporation, endows it with just
such powers as it pleases, and it denies to the
State any right to have any suit against any
person for what has been done or omitted to
be done, if it is claimed that it draws in ques-
tion any one of the franchises of the corpora-
tion. Those franchises are without limit. If
the power exists in Congress which is asserted
here, those franchises may be such as com-
pletely to oust all jurisdiction whatever. The
franchise may grant to the corporation the
power to forbid a single person to set his foot
within any building or upon the track of the
railroad which belongs to this company except
by the express permission of' the company,
and thus exclude every citizen and officer of
the State from setting his foot upon it except
by permission ofthe corporation. 1 n substance,
it is an ouster of the jurisdiction of the State,
if Congress has this power. 1 do not pay that
this bill by its terms goes so far as absolutely
to oust all jurisdiction in criminal cases. If a
murder were committed within one of the depots
of the railway, the case might be tried in a
State court; but if Congress chooses to do so,
if it has the power asserted, it can oust the
jurisdiction even in a case like that.
But there is still another objection. This
bill asserts the power of Cojigress to take a
portion of the real estate of the State without
the consent of its Legislature, and withdraw
it just so far as Congress chooses to withdraw
it from taxation by the State. The Slate can
tax its own -property no longer in its own
right. It can only tax it by permission of
Congress. We all know that these great rail-
road franchises are among the most valuable
of all property which can exist in a State.
Take the great Pennsylvania railroad com-
pany in the State of Pennsylvania. One of
the most important property interests of that
State is in that railway. Shall Congress have
the power to usurp jurisdiction over that rail-
way corporation, to take possession of it and
withdraw it from the taxation of Pennsylva-
nia except by the consent of Congress? If
Congress has the power to charter a railway
corporation side by side with the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, Congress has the power in
the exercise of this right of eminent domain
to take the Baltimore and Ohio railroad itself
and to subject it to its control, and to with-
draw it altogether from the taxation of the
State of Maryland. I maintain that without
the consent of the State no such power can
be exercised by Congress, and none ought to
be exercised even if Congress had the power.
If Congress enters upon the work of building
railways it must defend them by law against
State taxation, or the States can tax them out
of existence. And if Congress takes away
the power to tax them for State purposes,
some of the greatest and most valuable por-
tions of the State, its soil and jurisdiction, are
withdrawn from State taxation.
It is upon these grounds, Mr. President, first,
that by the Constitution Congress has no power
to grant an incorporation for any such purpose;
that such power is neither expressly given nor
can fairly be implied from the powers which
are granted; second, because Congress has no
power without the consent of the State Legis-
lature to assert the right of eminent domain,
and thus far to oust the jurisdiction of the State
over its property, its own soil; and third, be-
cause Congress has no power to withdraw valu-
able and important property interests belong-
ing to the State from State taxation, that I am
opposed to the passage of this bill. I believe
in the truth of what Justice McLean said, that
the exercise by Congress of these tremendous
powers will, if once entered upon, revolution-
ize the Government. If Congress once begin,
of necessity all railway corporations will seek
to be chartered by national authority. I believe
if Congress shall bring to itself here, and under
its control, all the railway corporations of the
United States, it will in the end subject the
control of this Government to an aristocracy
of concentrated wealth, not an aristocracy of
men which may have some redeeming quali-
ties, but an aristocracy of mammoth corpor-
ations, which, as has been said in strong An-
glo-Saxoti, have neither " bodies to be kicked
nor souls to be damned." In the hands of
these great mammoth railway corporations
representing thousands of millions, Congresses
and Presidents will be but, playthings.
Sir, we know from the history of the coun-
try and what transpires in the different States
on the subject of railway corporations, the
power and influence that are exercised at the
capital of every State by the great moneyed cor-
