1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion can only be entertained by unanimous
consent while this subject is pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a
remark in reference to the unfortunate condi-
tion of things in which we have got ourselves
just at this time. We wasted all day yester-
day and did nothing, and judging from ap-
pearances we are likely to waste all day to-day
and perhaps all night in doing nothing. I
think it is time we shonld come to a vote on
something or other, or else decide that we can-
not agree on anything; that the Republican
party, with a majority of more than two thirds
in the Senate, cannot pass any measure or do
anything, it is so cut up and divided, and there
are so many opinions among the members com-
posing it.
Now, sir, how doea the question stand just
at this moment? I understood that the Sen-
ator from Indiana moved to reconsider the
vote by which we receded from our amend-
ments.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I contend that that
motion is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has
not been ruled out of order. It is the very
question pending-.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then that is the ques-
tion now pending. Now, sir, we may do one
of two things ; that being in order, we may
reconsider or refuse to reconsider. If we do
reconsider, the question stands as it did before.
Tf we do not reconsider, we may proceed to
vote on the question which we have been dis-
cussing so long ; and that is, whether we will
agree with the vote of the House. I submit
to gentlemen, especially those in the majority,
whether, when we have been discussing this
so long and have come so near the close of the
session, and have wasted one day, as we did
yesterday, and are likely to waste another, it is
worth while to spend more time in discussing
questions of order, when a plain question is
now before the Senate, and in debating this
matter generally, when it is not possible that
any gentleman in the Senate, whatever may
be his ability, can throw the slightest light on
the subject. Everybody understands it. Why,
then, are we debating upon this matter.
I rose simply to state that the question was
a clear and plain one upon reconsideration.
Let us take the vote without further debate,
among ourselves at any rate, and if that passes,
we are then masters of the situation. If it
does not, we can adopt the other. But let us
waste no more of our time which is so valu-
able at this period of the session for other ques-
tions upon this subject. I hope my friend
from Pennsylvania will withdraw his motion,
at any rate long enough to see if wo can have
a vote.
Mr. CAMERON. If it can be understood
among our friends—I mean the Republican
Senators—that we are to have no more debate
on questions of order, I will withdraw the
motion ; but I do so on the distinct under-
standing that wo are about to come to a vote.
■The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate receded from its amendments
to the resolution of the House.
Mr. SUMNER called forthe yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, if my colleague
supposes that this can go entirely through the
process of voting and result finally in a refer-
ence of the measure to a committee of con-
ference without any debate, I think he assumes
very much. I know his earnestness to have
this constitutional amendment passed, so that
it shall go before the Legislature, and that it
shall not go uetore the people of the State of
Indiana. Although that may be right on his
part and I am not going to discuss the pro-
priety of it still, when he proposes to change
the Constitution of the 0 nited States by a com-
promise between the two Houses, by a com-
mittee of conference, it isa matter thatof course
will be debated. He cannot oxpect to bring it
to a close at once. I merely wish to make this
suggestion, inasmuch as it has been suggested
to the Senator from Pennsylvania that it was
not worth while to take a recess. I think
we ought to adjourn and consider this matter
deliberately to-morrow.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 32 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Cragin, Drake, Grimes,
IIar!>n, Harris, McDonald, Morton, Osborn, Pome-
roy, Pool, Rico, Robertson, Itoss, Sawyer, Sherman,
Spenccr, Sumner, Thayer, Van Winkle, Wade,
Warner, Welch, and Wilson—24.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Backalew, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Davis, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Frehnghuysen,
Hendricks, Howard, Kellogg. McCrcery, Morgan,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Kyo, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sauls-
bury. Stewart", Trumbull, Viekers, Whyte, Williams,
and Yates—32.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bavard, Conness, Corbett,
Dixon, Henderson, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Sprague,
Tipton, and Willcy—10.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the House prop-
osition.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. It seems to me
that this whole difficulty can be settled very
easily and very quickly. The question is now
whether wo shall adopt the proposition that
comes to us from the House of Representa-
tives. If we adopt that, we have a constitutional
amendment. As to the objection that it does
not provide eligibility to office for the colored
people I will only say that if you give seven
hundred and fifty thousand men the right to the
ballot tiiey will look out for their own rights as
to olEce. Therefore, I shall vole for that prop-
osition ; but I confess that I prefer the propo-
sition that originally came from the Senate
committee. If the proposition now pending
fails all that we have to do is to take up that
which came from the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate and pass it within an hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The trouble about the
argument of my friend on this pending ques-
tion is that the seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand colored voters are not altogether in the
southern States; they are divided up among
all tli© States; and if you do not give them Ihe
light to hold office as well as to vote you im-
mediately create a white aristocracy in every
one of those States with the negroes divided
among them, which will work as bad a resolu-
tion as my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bi'okalew] referred to in South America, to-
tally destructive of the liberties of that people.
Now, as my friend from New Jersey says, all
we have to do to do right in this matter is to
reject this proposition of the House or lay it
on the tabic, and then take up and pass the
Senate resolution which the Judiciary Com-
mittee have perfected and reported.
Mr. WILSON. I move that this joint reso-
lution be laid on the table with a view of taking
up the Senate proposition and passing it.
Mr. WILLIAMS and others. Let us vote
upon it directly.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. Mr. President,
I 
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
is not debatable. The question is on the mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the resolution of
the House of Representatives, on which ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell.Chand-
ler, Cole, Conlding. Cragm, Drake, Ferry, Fessenden,
FVelingbuyson, Harlan, Ha.u'is, Howard, Kellogg,
Morgan, Mm nil of Vermont, Morton, Nve, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Pool, Ramsey, ltice. Rob-
ertson, Sheiman, Sfew:irr, Trumbull, Van "Winkle,
Wade, \V11 foiii-, and Yates—SI.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bay u d, Buckalew, Davis,
Dixon, Doolutle, Edmuncis, I^ovvler, Grimes, llend-
lieks, MeCreery, McDonald, Norton, Osborn, Pat-
terson ol Totmessee, Pomeroy. Ross, ulsbnry. Saw-
yer, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer, Vickers, Warner, Welch,
Wliyle, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT — Messrs. Conner, ICorbott, Henderson,
Howe, Morrill of Maine, Sprague, Tipton, and
Willey—8.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senate not having voted in the affirm-
ative, the resolution is rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 8, proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (at five o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. FERRY. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays So ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Chandler, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle. Fowler, Hend-
ricks, Howard, MeCreery, Norton. Nye. Patterson of
Tennessee, Ramsey, Salisbury, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, Vickers, Whyte, and Williams—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattell, Colo,
Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinshuysen,
Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Ilowe, Kellogg. McDonald,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, 0.-,born, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Pnm roy, Pool, Riee,
Robertson. Sawyer. Sherman, Spoucer, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Wade, Warner, Welch, Wilson,
and Yates—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Con Mi Tie", Conness. Corbett,
Fessenden, Henderson, Morrill of Maine, Ross,
Sprague, Tipton, and Willey—10.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
8) proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the resolution be read.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution when
last up was amended to read as follows:
Resolved bv the Senate and House of Representa-
tive? of the llni'ed States nf America in Cortgress as-
sembled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring.) That
the following article be proposed to the Legislatures
of the several States as an amemlmcntto the Consti-
tution of the United Staters, which, when ratified by
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall bo valid as
pail of the Constitution, namely:
AliTICLK XV.
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not bo denied or abridged by tho
United States or any State on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude.
The Congress shall liavo power to enforce this arti-
cle by appropriate legislation.
Mr. STEWART. I move to insert, the word
"by" before the words "any State;'1 so as to
read, " shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States or by any State."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I hope this resolution will not
pass, and I hope the Senate will not spend
much time in its discussion. Here, after four
or five days of the time of the Senate have
been occupied in the discussion of a similar
question, when the House of Representatives
present to us a constitutional amendment pro-
viding that negroes shall have the right to vote,
I am surprised to see gentlemen who have
labored for twenty years to get that provision
into the Constitution, upon which more elo-
quence has been expended and more zeal dis-
played than upon all other questions that they
have discussed, voting with the enemies of the
proposition upon principle, for the more pur-
pose of gratifying their own whim. I am op-
posed to the further discussion of a mo.tsure
upon which there is no possibility of agreeing ;
and I now give due notice that whatever prop-
osition of this kind comes up hereafter will
meet with my little opposition. I will not vote
for anything that proposes to tamper with this
subject. The back of this poor old Constitu-
tion is as raw as a galled horse. [Laughter.]
We ride it here regularly through Congress,
session after session, and when weget the very
thing we want, because it is not exactly what
my honorable friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] wants he votes "110" very loud.
My honorable friend from Kansas, [Mr. Pome-
rot,] who has grown old and bald in this
fight, says " no," and all those, or almost all,
