1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
40th Coxa.... 3d Sess.
Suffrage—Mr. Elliott.
Ho. of Reps.
porations which control this greatest engine of
modern invention, the railway system. If you
concentrate them all here—and concentrated
they will be if you once enter upon this pol-
icy—who can predict the result to our Govern-
ment and to our institutions? If, as we have
seen, even Alexander Hamilton, one of the
ablest men of the Revolution, but who, in the
formation of the Constitution and the con-
• struction he sought to give to it was always in
favor of enlarging the powers of the Federal
Government and concentrating as much as
possible power in Congress; if even he, who was
in his day the genius of centralization, shrank
back from this proposition, if he was unwill-
ing to give a construction to the Constitution
which would bring such a power here, how is
it possible that any statesman at this day can
find such a power under the Constitution ?
Mr. President, I have observed the fact—it
may be entirely by accident. I hope it is—that
under the new regime evei'y statue has been
removed from the Rotunda of the Capitol ex-
cept that of Alexander Hamilton. Is he to be
the presiding genius of the coming future?
Having always represented in his life the Fed-
eral tendency to bring consolidated power to
this Government, he may represent the future
just before us, and which is soon to come, and
which if you pass this bill has already come.
The power of the States over their own rail-
ways, their own means of communication, their
own institutions, even over their suffrage, is
to be subjected to the power of this Govern-
ment. If this measure shall pass and be acqui-
esced in by the people every railway corpora-
tion will desire its charter under this Govern
ment They will seek a national charter. The}'
will seek national authority for all their acts
independant of State control. The time would
not be far distant before they would seek to
relieve themselves from State taxation in whole
or in part. They will be here in immense
force, the representatives not only of hun-
dreds of millions, but of thousands of millions
of dollars, concentrated and controlled by
directors who meet in secret and control all
theirgigautic operations. When the time comes
that all this concentrated power is here, I tell
you, Mr. President, and I tell you, my brother
Senators, the days of this Republic under the
Constitution of the United States as our fathers
made it, as our fathers understood it, are already
nuinbeied. The plea for a strong government
will be set up by these moneyed monopolies, and
they will not plead in vain. Capital seeks
strong governments. Capital seeks to concen-
trate itself; and concentrated capital, wherever
it exists and in whatever form, has a tendency
to concentrated despotism. If we would not
see the just powers of the States destroyed, if
we would not have them broken down and an
imperialism established here at Washington,
an imperialism not represented by monarch
or potentate or aristocracy of birth, but repre-
sented by an aristocracy of concentrated wealth
held by railway and banking corporations, we
must resist the passage of this bill.
Mr. President, I know it has been said, and
sometimes with force, that we are in the midst
of a revolution ; that the war which has been
upon us has accustomed us to the centralization
of power in the Government at Washington.
To a certain extent that may be true; and yet
I, for one, hope that revolution is not yet com-
plete. I hope when this great question is fully
discussed and fairly understood, it does so much
to trample down the rights of the States, it does
so much to enlarge the powers of this Govern-
ment, that reaction will begin in favor of the
just rights reserved to the States under the
Constitution, and that this Government shall
cease from the exercise of doubtful and uncon-
stitutional power.
Mr. President, I have perhaps detained the
Senate too long. I have spoken upon this sub-
jet-t with earnestness because I feel that in it
are involved the very gravest questions that
have ever been presented here. As I said, in
a brief period I shall leave the Senate and
probably public life forever. I can have no
other hope or wishjbut the prosperity of my
country. I implore my brother Senators not
to allow any of these specious pleas of com-
mercial necessity or the logic of events or the
desire to build up a great and splendid capital
at Washington to induce them to enter upon
this doubtful and most dangerous experiment.
Suffrage.
SPEECH OF HON. J. T. ELLIOTT,
of abkansas,
iu the House op Representatives,
February 2, 1869,
On the joint resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing
an amendment of the Constitution of the TTnited
States.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Arkansas. Mr. Speaker,
it is with some embarrassment that I appear
before you to-day, as I am a new member in this
House, and consequently but little acquainted
with the route I should take in placing myself
properly before it and the country. It is said
that '1 an honest confession is good for the
soul." To this I agree, upon certain conditions.
I believe in an honest confession, not made
through policy, but from a conscientious con-
viction coming from the heart deep down in
its inmost recesses. That man who from mere
policy puts on a show of honesty is a bad man,
and not to be trusted. Hence I appear before
you to-day with no lip-service, but to state
earnestly and truthfully facts as they are, leav-
ing you and members generally to judge of the
truthfulness and sincerity of my statements.
I feel the weight of the responsible duty I
have to perform, but in its discharge I expect
to derive a personal satisfaction, if nothiug
more, even if I should not succeed in saying
anything to help the glorious cause in which
th e present Congress has been so long engaged—
the reconstruction of the southern States,
the failure of which would be destructive and
ruinous to the best interests of our country,
and fatal to the realization of those bright hopes
and wishes which a seemingly auspicious future
encourages us to entertain.
Mr. Speaker, I belong to a class of men who
have peculiar claims upon the sympathy if not
upon the admiration of this House. To come to
the point at once, you are now being addressed
by a truly a!nd thoroughly "reconstructed
rebel." I say this in no canting or boasting
spirit. I detest a hypocrite, and despise that
man who, like the vain-glorious Pharisee of
old, makes an ostentatious parade of assumed
humility, while his heart is full of pride and
deceit. When I say that I am a "reconstructed
rebel" I do not wish to imply any pretension to
extraordinary virtue, or any claim to extraordi-
nary consideration, nor, on the other hand, do
I say it in that spirit of undue humility which
suggests a craven and coward heart; but I say
it in the open, frank, and manly spirit of one who
has the honesty to confess that he has done
wrong, and the courage to say that he is sorry
for it. Though for nearly three years a rebel
against our Government I can declare with
entire truth and sincerity that I have always
been at heart a Union man. Entertaining no
boasting or vain-glorious spirit, what I mean
to say by this is that I was always opposed to
secession, and always thought it was wrong in
principle as well as policy to break up or
attempt to break up that glorious Union which
was devised by the wisdom and cemented by
the blood of our brave old revolutionary sires.
I fought against secession with all the energy
I could put forth. I struggled against it with
all my powers of mind and body. But I
could not stop the frantic current of revolu-
tion that seemed to be borne along by the
irresistible hand of destiny, carrying, like the
besom of destruction, everything before it.
Arkansas, by a majority of five thousand
votes, decided against secession; but the mem-
bers of our convention, exhibiting a fatal
weakness, allowed themselves to be shorn of
their locks, and thus Arkansas fell from her
loyalty. Thank God, she was the first to re-
turn, as the prodigal son, and ask from a just
but magnanimous and beneficent Government
pardon for her sins. And to-day she forms
one of that bright constellation which is the
object of admiration and affection of the
downtrodden and oppressed among all the
nations of the earth.
But I am digressing. Well, I resisted to tho
last; yes, so long as one single ray of hope
remained to encourage or justify resistance.
But when the last hope had vanished Iyielded
to what appears to me to be, if not the reason,
at least the necessity of the occasion, and went
with my State. I became a rebel, but not ex-
actly a fighting rebel. I hunted soft and easy
places. Whether fortunately or unfortunately
I will not undertake to say, it happened that
the path which fate had marked oat for me to
tread in the progress of that great rebellion did
not lead me within the range of the enemy's
minie rifles. I was one of those favored few
whose lot it was to remain in the real and enjoy
the luxury of smuggled goods, &c.
Now, there are a great many men who ap-
pear to find an incomprehensible mystery in
the fact of a Union man voluntarily wearing
the confederate uniform; but the mystery is
easily enough comprehended when, you take
into consideration that peculiar phase of pa-
triotism, so characteristic, I may say, of the
southern people, so well illustrated in what
was in time past one of their popular and most
universally-toasted Fourth of July sentiments,
"Our country, right or wrong." This phase
of patriotism has been, I say, a peculiar char-
acteristic of the southern people, and fully
accounts for the otherwise strange and anom-
alous fact that so many Union men joined the
confederacy. The southern'people of all par-
ties "had been schooled," more or less, in the
doctrine of State rights at least, to the extent
of believing that their first allegiance was due
to their State, and that this allegiance was
paramount to that they owed the United States.
Thus, while thousands of them were opposed
to secession, yet when their State seceded they,
with this fatal delusion in their minds, were led
astray and fell victims to one of the most dam-
nable doctrines ever promulgated. There may
be something to admire in this regard for the
ties of State and section ; but while we admire
the pluck of him who exhibits it, we must
damn his discretion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is the kind of a rebel
I have been. As soon as the war was over I
fully realized that I had been guilty of a great
wrong in aiding rebellion. I was not only will-
ing, butglad to see the Union restored, and was
ready to make all proper apology and repara-
tion for the part I had taken in resisting the
authority of the Government. I was con-
scientious and sincere in that feeling, and I still
hold to it. As the best evidence I could give
of the sincerity of my repentance I at once
connected myself with that great political party
which had fought and vanquished secession,
and which had nailed up at its masthead that
good old motto, which found a responsive echo
in my heart, "The Union, it must and shall
be preserved." I connected myself with the
Republican party because I believed that it was
the Union party ; that as it had opposed and
overcome secession Democracy and saved the
Union it would use the same great powers and
energies to preserve that which had cost so
much to save. So far as regards the great lead-
ing fundamental idea of restoring the Union
upon a just and enduring basis, I say that the
Republican party is entitled to the credit of
maintaining and carrying out that doctrine. It
has proved faithful to its promises and its pro-
