1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
who have come here recently from the southern
States say "no."
Mr. KELLOGG-. Not all.
Mr. NYE. I say alrr.ostall, therefore Ithink
it lost time to have any further discussion _ of
this question. There are important practical
measures that require the attention of the Sen-
ate, and to those measures 1 insist the Senate
shall devote itself for the remnant of this ses-
sion ; for I have no sort of belief that if we sat
here until the 4th day of March at twelve
o'clock there would be any constitutional
amendment voted on that would be agreed
upon by both Houses of Congress. If yon adopt
thi3 proposition and send it to the uouse of
Representatives they will send it back, and the
two Houses will be plajing shuttlecock with
tho Constitution and its amendment, which is
doomed to death in the end. I hope, therefore,
that the question will be stopped here, and that
•vve shall take a vote at once and let the Con-
stitution alone.
Mr. WELCH. I most distinctly hope that
this proposition will pass, and what is further,
I hope that adequate time will be taken for its
discussion. It has been charged here by the
honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
that the gentlemen recently from the southern
States have voted with their political enemies
against the proposition of the House of Rep-
resentatives. We are ready to give a reason
for the faith that'is in us. Wedidnotcast
that vote from mere caprice. We so voted
because we believe that the negro shonldhave
full and impartial justice, and because the pro-
posed amendment that was voted down when
the Senate refused to concur does not give
complete and impartial justice. By implica-
tion it deprives him of therightto hold office,
and puts the Senate in the absurd position,
contrary to all true philosophy, that a man
cannot holdofficein this Republic, notbecause
of what is in him, but because he belongs to
a certain race, because he has a skin not col-
ored like our own. I believe that men should
vote and hold office because they have the
capacity to vote and to hold office, and that
every such question should be decided u pon
some general principles that will be justified
by their general intelligence or general -vir-
tue, not because of their forefathers, and not
because their forefathers have or have not
made inventions. The negroes have the right
to vote by the State constitutions in the re-
constructed States; but in all those States they
have not the right to hold office. The diffi-
cult} in Georgia is precisely that difficulty;
and the enemies of the negro would seize upon
the amendment to the Constitution proposed
by the House of Representatives as ajustifica-
tion for taking away from him the right to
hold office. These are the grounds for our
voting as we have done : and I believe t-hey
are tenable ones.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution is in Committee of the Whole, and
open to amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Are there any amend-
ments pending ?
Mr. STEWART. The amendments have
been adopted. We had it up before.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me understand it
from the Chair. Are there any amendments
now pending?
The PRESIDENT pro temjyore. There are
no amendments pending. This is a newprop-
oisilion, as the Chair is informed.
Mr. STEWART. No, sir; it is the propo-
sition that was before the Senate before.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the article.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read as it now
stands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is this its second read-
ing? It has been read once.
The PRESIDENT pro t.mpore. It has been
read twice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When was it read
twice?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a res-
olution that has been considered by the Sen-
ate before, and amendments hare been made
to it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be read for
the information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution, as
amended, reads:
Revolved, &e„ (two thirds of both Houses concur-
ring.) That the following article be proposed t& tbe
Legislatures of the several States as ait amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; which, when
-ratified by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall
be valid as part of the Constitution, namely:
Article XV.
The right of citizens of the United States to-vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States, or by any State, on account of raee,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
The Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation.
Mr. HOWARD. Senators are mistaken if
they expect to hurry this article through the
Senate without discussion. That idea may as
well be giyen ap now. I cannot support this
amendment of tbe Constitution, and I propose
to take my time to discus3 it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator yield
to a motion to take a recess for two hours ? It
is monstrous to compel us to stay here without
food. Will the Senator yield to that motion?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that the
Senate take a recess for two hoars.
Mr. DRAKE. That motion can only be
entertained by unanimous consent, and I object
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be entertained.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I reckon I mightmake
a motion to adjourn, if it would not be offen-
sive to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. It will not be at all offensive
to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not.
Mr. FRELLNGHUYSEN, Mr. DRAKE,
and others called for tbe yeas and nays, and
they were ordered ; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckfilew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fowler, Hendricks, Howard, MeCreery,
Norlon, Patterson of Tennessee, Pj^ol, Bobertcqn,
Simlsbury, Van Winkle, Vickers, Whyte, and Wil-
liams—18. ,
KAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cnmeron, Cattell, Cole,
Cnigin, Dritkc, Edmunds, Ferry. Pie!ing;hu3Tsen,
Grime*. Iljirlun, Ilarns, llowe, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill oi Vermont, Morton, M'c, Osborn, Pouieroy,
Itice, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewait, Sumner, Tiiayer,
Wade, Warner, Welch, Wilson, and Yates—31.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cnnkling,
Conness, Corbett. Fcssenden, Henderson, Kellogg,
MoniliofM.une, Patterson ol New Hampshire.Ram-
sey Ros*. Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Willey-17.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I_cannot
vote for that amendment of the Constitution,
and I propose to state, with all becoming brev-
ity , the reasons which induce me to vote against
it. It proposes, in the first place, to conler
upon Congress, in what I regard as very plain
terms, the power to prescribe the qualifications
of voters and holders of office in the United
States Government and m State governments
on all subjects for any reasons except those
which are stated in the terms of the resolution.
Now, at the present time and under the present
Constitution the Congress of the United States
is not invested with any such authority. The
authority has never been given to Congress at
all either to prescribe the qualifications ol
voters or the qualifications of holders of office.
This is a most serious innovation upon the Con-
stitution. It opens the door to congressional
legislation in the future which may be very ob-
jectionable to the people. It goes the whole
extent of repealing) in my judgment, thatclause
of the Coik-titution which declares that—
" No religious test shall over be required na ajuali-
Sention t,. nnj office or public trust under the Imtcd
States."
Mr. HENDRICKS: IftheSeaator will yield,
I will move to take a fceeess for two hours. *
Mr. HO WARD. I will agree to that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. A great many
Senators have left the Chamber* not knowing
of any such recess. ,
Mr. POMEKOY. I- think we had- better
take a recess., .
Mr. FliELINGHU YSEN. I think « recess
is worse than an adjournment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps we had better
adjourn.
Several Senators. Let as adjourn,
Mr. HENDRICKS, (at six o'clock p. m.) I
move, then, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. I hope not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope we shall.
Mr- MORTON. Those who are very hungry
can get something to eat down stairs, and the
discussion can go on in the mean time. If .we
stay here for an hour or two we can complete
this discussion. 1 have no fear of a long dis-
cussion.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 28: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Fowler, IIend
ricks. Howard, McCreery, Norton, Patterson of Tea-
nessee, Pool, Saulsbury, "Van "Winkle, vickers,
Whyte, and Williams—14.
KAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cole, Cragin,
Drake. Edmunds. Fessenden.Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Harlan. Ilarris, Kellotrg, McDonald, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton. Nye. Ooborn, Pomeroy, Bice, Sawyer,
Spencer. Stewart. Thayer, Wade, Warner. Welch.
Wilson, and Yates—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony. Bayani. Cattell,
Chandler, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, j'ixon, Doo-
little, Terry, Henderson, Howe. Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Patterson of .New Hampshire, Ramsey,
Robertson, Ross. Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,Tipton,
Trumbull, and Willey—24.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I was re-
marking that this proposed amendment to the
Constitution will operate as a repeal, as an
, annulment of that clause of the sixth article
! of the present Constitution which declares that
'■ no religious test shall ever be required as a
qualification to any office or public trust under
the United States." The article which is pro-
posed to us declares that no State shall pass
any law and that the United States shall pass
no'law which shall abridge or deny the right
of voting and holding office to any citizen, of
the United States on account of race, color,
or previous condition of slavery, lhe impli-
cation is perfectly irresistible in the mind of
every instructed lawyer who has'had any prac-
tice at the bar that, with tbe exception of race,
color, and previouscondition of servitude, even
the United States may impose whatever quali-
fications Congress may see fit to impose, both
upon the voter and the holder of office in the
States and in the United States, and that by
an act of Congress we may here, sitting in our
seats, prescribe a rule which shall exclude iu
the States from the right of voting and hold-
ing office every person who shall not be of a
particular religious creed, every person who
shall not be of a certain age, every person who
shall not have been born in some particular
locality. _ ....
But, sir, the great objection to it is that it
gives to Congress absolute authority, by this
legal implication, to say that nobody but mem-
bers of some particular religious sect shall have
the right to hold office in the States and in the
Government ol the United States. Do not
doubt it, sir; look at it with the eye of a law-
yer, of a person accustomed to explain and
., interpret statutes, and you can come to no
|i other conclusion. The right of prescribing
;i any qualifications except such as are expressly
|j mentioned in the article is plainly, by an irxc-
!; sistible implication, given to the Congress of
i; the United States. Are Senators prepared to
!j disregard tbe old inhibition contained in the
I' Constitution in reference to religious tests?
jl Are they prepared to give to Congre-s author-
]' ity to say what persons shall and what shall
|i not hold office in the various States, in the
i; various Territories, and in the administration
o of the laws of the United States?-
