126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Suffrage—Mr. Elliott.
4Qth Cong....3d Sess.
claimed policy, and it will, I doubt not, finally
succeed in establishing that policy throughout
our country.
Although I have been a truly loyal citizen
since the close of the war, yet Congress in its
prudence and discretion did not pardon me
for my political sins until some two years after
the war had terminated. Of course I felt this
was hard and oppressive upon me individually;
yet I regarded it as one of those necessary evils
that must be borne temporarily in order that a
great good might be securSd in the future. I
was willing to bear the burden, looking for-
ward to a day of rejoicing, not far remote in
the future, when the shackles should be stricken
from my limbs, and when in the fullness of my
heart I could once more exclaim, "I am a
free American citizen."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have talked at some con
siderable length about myself. Yet in doing so
I have done what I considered my duty, and
nothing more. The rebellion is over; the
fratricidal conflict has ended; and it now
devolves upon the conquerors to put the old
household again in order. How to do this is
the great question that is agitating the minds
of our people. The work of reconstruction is
a momentous one; for it involves not only the
property but the lives of thousands of loyal and
devoted Union men in the South. Beware how
you act. You have conquered; and let not
the power you now hold pass hastily from your
hands. Remember that poor Israelite of old,
Samson, who conquered by his strength every-
thing within his path, even the lion, king of
beasts, succumbing to his mighty power; yet
he was at last shorn of his strength and placed
in captivity. Yet during his captivity he
regained his strength, and seizing the pillars of
the temple which surrounded him destroyed
himself and all that were within it. There isa
Samson in the South, who yet has a lurking
disposition to destroy the temple of our liber-
ties, that has been erected at the sacrifice of so
much blood. And that Samson is the Kuklux
Democracy of the South. The Democrats
North may be true Union men and loyal citi-
zens ; I do not deny it; but I say beware of a
large portion of those in the South. Warm
them into political life again and no man who
favored the reconstruction acts of Congress can
live in the South with safety to himself or his
property. "Experience keeps a dear school."
And in this school have I learned the terrible
intentions of the Kuklux Democracy.
I do not wish to oppose any one for being a
Democrat; nor do 1 object to Democrats en-
joying under this Government all the political
and other rights which I enjoy, when they
prove to be truly loyal and devoted 'to the
Union. But in the State of Arkansas men
have found themselves subjected, with their
wives and children, to calumny, insult, and
ostracism merely because they were .Repub-
licans, or supported the reconstruction acts of
Congress. This is the state of things exist-
ing there to-day; and but for the protection
afforded by the United States Government and
Governor Clayton's militia no Republican who
advocates and sustains the reconstruction policy
of Congress could live there in safety a single
week. These are grave charges to bring against
a people who are everlastingly professing their
loyalty and devotion to the union; yet they
are facts, and susceptible of the most abundant
proof. It is said:
" While the lamp holds out to burn
The vilest sinner may return."
That is all right; but let us find out first
whether the sinner is truly repentant. We
cannot take in any probationary members;
our church will not allow it. We must confine
ourselves to the old Baptist doctrine, " once a
Christian always a Christian." This southern
feeling can only be cured by a fixed and de-
termined course against Kuklux Democracy ;
loyal Democrats I am not talking about.
Many will advise us to "make the best of the
matter." This advice is all excellent, though
decidedly gratuitous, lacking, indeed, nothing
but the supplementary information how we are
to make the best of that which is confessedly
at its worst. But to turn all this Kluklux
Democracy indiscriminately loose upon us with-
out some protective measure will not only
sap our intellects, but shorten our lives; and
many of us will, unless we leave the country,
meet sooner or later the fate of the lamented
Abraham Lincoln and James Hinds. I am
willing to stop a gap in the world's fencing
or to form a cog, however minute, in the
world's machinery. But I prefer to go slowly
in my movements in regard to the reconstruc-
tion of the southern States, especially when-
ever there is a manifest disposition among the
people to oppose the reconstructions ads of
Congress. The will of the people as expressed
through Congress does not go down well in my
State; and I guess a little more exercise of
power on this subject by Congress will be bene-
ficial to the body politic. But we have a duty
to perform and must shirk no responsibility.
We must stand inflexibly at our post, like a
Roman soldier, during the watches of the night.
Presently the morning will come when every
phantom will vanish into air, and that inevit-
able reality for which we dreamed and fought
will be consummated, and we shall be once
more a united, happy, and prosperous peo-
ple.
But, Mr. Speaker, this language may not
sound well to some southern ears. If it does not, •
I cannot help it. But I am not yet done. In
my State I am called a "scalawag;" and why?
Because I support the Government and its
laws. A " scalawag" there means a citizen
carpet-bagger. Such a one is subjected to an
ostracism which includes both himself and
family, and is deprived of all those friendly
courtesies existing among civilized people,
except by his own household and among his
political friends. My ancestry, I guess, were
"carpet-baggers." It was a lot of "carpet-
baggers" that landed on Plymouth Rock.
William Perm and Henry Clay were " carpet-
baggers." Daniel Boone was a "carpet-bag-
ger.'_' _ I could go on enumerating many more,
but it is unnecessary. I will close this branch
of the subject by saying that Judah P. Benja-
min is a "carpet-bagger" in England, and
expects, as I learn, to be sent by the British
Government on some diplomatic mission to
this country. The fact that such a thing is
deemed possible shows that at least in foreign
countries " carpet-baggers" are not considered
very bad men.
The truly loyal people of Arkansas extend a
hearty welcome to all loyal "carpet-baggers "
who may come among them. "Scalawags"
are on the increase there, especially since the
last presidential election. Governor Clayton's
militia have silenced, for a time at least, the
Kuklux party there. But that hellish spirit
that drenched its hands in the blood of so
many is still existing, and only needs to be
warmed into life again by political success to
reinaugiirate the old system of assassination.
A brief history of the plans and operations
adopted by the Democracy in the last election
will probably not be amiss here.
Seymour and Blair were, it was said, the
men who would, if elected, deprive the eman-
cipated slaves of all those rights they now
enjoy under the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress. This, then, accounts for the determined
fight that was made by the Democracy against
negro suffrage. But poor deluded people, they
knew not what they were doing. Yet in
many instances the negro and the white man
were, through fear of death or the destruction
of their property, compelled to vote in the in-
terest of the Kuklux Democracy. In other
words, the mandate was " Vote that ticket or
die." ^ But a wonderful change has come over
the spirit of their dreams since the last election.
Their motto now is, " Let us have peace." Yes,
we want peace, but not by enfranchising Ku-
klux Democrats I
Now, a Word of advice to the Democratic
party. They may take it or not, just as they
please ; but I give it to them to he acted upon
when, if ever, they getinto power. In the first
place, let me ask them. How long will you
have to wait for this possible event? I should
have said impossible. But should you suc-
ceed in another four years' cruise, you must
elect not only a Democratic President, but a
Democratic House of Representatives, and
have also a Democratic Senate, before you
can suspend any laws of Congress, to say noth-
ing about the question of how far the repeal
of a law can abrogate vested rights of fran-
chise. We are speaking now of the right of the
colored man to vote, aright that, in our opinion,
can never be taken from him, notwithstanding
the desire of the Democratic party to do so. But,
in any event, there must be a lapse of six years
before the present reconstruction laws of Con-
gress can be repealed; and during all those six
years the colored man will be quietly and
peaceably enjoying the elective franchise—if
Kuklux Democracy will let him—in all the
southern States. Now, under this view of the
case, it must be admitted by good common sense
reasoning that when he has thus peacefully and
quietly enjoyed the elective franchise for six
or seven years it will be utterly impossible to
take away that right from him. The right
having been confirmed by so long and unin-
terrupted use, no party will dare to interfere
with its continued exercise. Why, sir, Dem-
ocrats South are now at every call for an
election giving barbecues and cajoling and
almost hugging the colored people to secure
their votes and influence. These are the very
men, too, who a few months ago not only de-
nied the right of the negroes to suffrage, but
swore in their wrath that they never would
countenance the exercise of that right nor
accept office through negro votes. Further
comment on this subject is unnecessary.
This House a few days since passed by a
large majority a joint resolution to ingraft
upon the Constitution of the United States a
new article giving the right of suffrage to all
male citizens, regardless of race or color. I
voted for that resolution, and feel proud to
have done so. I honor the man who framed
and introduced it in this House. This amend-
ment to the Constitution simply embodies in
an enduring form one of the fundamental prin-
ciples of reconstruction. The poor colored
men will be thereby only clothed with their
just rights ; for they, in conjunction with the
white loyalists, have accepted the proffered
terms of reconstruction, and have assisted, to
the extent of their power, in bringing the late
rebellious States back into the Union. The
right of suffrage, regardless of race or color,
will soon be settled forever. There is no way
to prevent it short of revolution; and I guess
the South, at least, has had enough of that,
and will hardly care to go to war again in
opposition to the just authority of the Govern-
ment.
The Democratic party insist that the whole
plan of reconstruction is unconstitutional and
wrong; and they propose, or did propose, in
some States in the South to deprive the colored
man without his consent of the right of suffrage,
which he now lawfully enjoys. Upon this point
we again take issue with them, and insist that
thepresentaccomplishedplanof reconstruction
shall be accepted as a part of the lawful con-
dition of the country. Any determined or for-
midable resistance to this just measure wili
bring about a more fatal result to the opposers
than the one so recently imprinted upon their
remembrance. To all those who are so anxious
to fight this war over again I say, keep cool,
and "bear the ills you have" rather than "fly
to others that you know not of." Yet, with this
array of facts staring us in the face, so change-
able is the Democratic party of the South in its
