1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT,
Sir, I can conceive of no alteration of the
Constitution which would be more odious in
the eyes of the people of the United States
than the one which is now before us; and I
tell you, &ir, although yon may hasten and rush
it through this body, and under the strain of
the previous question in the House obtain the
concurrence of the House of Representatives,
I predict here and now that it will not receive
the ratification of the Legislature of one of
the States of the United States, and your work
will all be vain and worse than vain, because
it will fasten upon the Republican party repre-
sented in Congress the odium of giving to Con-
gress a power which our fathers were careful
to exclude from among the powers of Con-
gress.
Now, sir, I am not in such hot haste to amend
the Constitution of the United States as to com-
mit an act of this kind. I think we go far enough
when we say to the black man, North and
South, "You shall have the same right to vote
as is possessed by the white man." There is
no danger that in the densely populated regions
of the South, where the black population is so
numerous, they will be deprived of the right
of holding office though they may be voters.
That is an unnatural consequence to deduce
from it. If a person is allowed the use of the
ballot it is but one step, and that a very short
one, to his enjoyment of therightto hold office;
and I look upon it as certain that if the black
population of the South or of the North are ele •
vated to the condition of voters, if they are
allowed in this way to participate in the enact-
ment of laws and the regulation of the affairs
of the State, they must necessarily, as an irre-
sistible conscquence, be allowed the privilege
of holding office if they are fit for it in other
respects.
But my great objection to this, Mr. Presi-
dent, is that it runs the plowshare through the
old Constitution, and takes out of it one of its
most precious and valuable safeguards. I refer
to the prohibition which I have already read.
Sir, I would not part with that great security for
human liberty, religious freedom, for any con-
sideration that could be addressed to me ; and
the article which is now offered, misnamed an
amendment to the Constitution, does repeal and
sot aside that most sacred and invaluable pro-
vision. I hope, Mr. President, that this mis-
called amendment to the Constitution will re-
ceive that treatment which it justly deserves
by this body.
Mr. DRAKE. I move an amendment, to
strike out all after the words " article fifteen"
and insert:
No citizen of tho United States shall, on account
of ruco, color, or previous condition of servitude, bo
by the United States or any State denied tlio right to
yoto or to hold office.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think that is any
better.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the difference
between that and the proposition pending?
Mr. DRAKE. There is a very great differ-
ence, which I will take leave to explain. The
other sets out with the postulate, as I think,
that every man has a right to vote and hold
office ; that the right to hold office inheres in
him, and that the right to vote inheres in him.
It eays that the right of the cilizcus of the
United States to vote and hold office shall not
be denied, starting out with the assertion ap-
parently of the right of every citizen to vote
and hold office. I do not know whether, when
the honorable Senator from New York calls
upon me for an explanation of the difference,
he gives any attention to my statement of the
difference.
Mr. CONKLING. Most certainly I do.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a very great differ-
ence. It is not the right of any man to vote
or hold office at all until the law gives him that
light. No citizen of the United States has by
the mere fact of his being a citizen a right to
hold office ; no citizen of the United States has
by t he mere fact of being a citizen of the United
States the right to vote; and yet that is the
implication which can jbe drawn fromtheamend-
ment of the Constitution as it is now framed,
and from the hands of the committee. The
amendment I have offered proceeds on the cor-
rect principle, not that a citizen of the United
States has a right to vote and hold office, but
that his way to the ballot-box and to official
service shall not be barred against him or de-
nied: to him on account of his race or color
or previous condition of servitude ; and therein
is where I think this form of words is very
much better than that which the committee
reported.
But, sir, I am free to say that I do not ex-
pect it is to be adopted. Why? Because there
seems to be some glamour about Senators'
minds, in connection with that which has been
reported by a committee, as if all the wisdom
of the world abided in a committee of the Sen-
ate of the United States, as if there were no
man on earth that could put words together to
express an idea unless lie happened in doing so
to be acting as a member of a committee of
die Senate of the United States!
Now, sir, if I understand the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan correctly, this amendment
would obviate tin objections he makes to the
other. I would like to know whether I am
corrcct in this.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not read the amend-
ment offered by the honorable Senator from
Missouri with any attention, and therefore am
not able just now to answer his question.
Mr. DRAKE. I can repeat it. It is that
no citizen of the United States shall on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude be by the United States or by any State
denied tho right to vote and hold office. If I
am not mistaken, that form of words gets rid
entirely of the objections of the Senator from
Michigan. It does not assert any right in the
citizen ; it confines it down to the very propo-
sition that we desire to adopt here, to wit, that
you shall not bar a man from voting and hold-
ing office because of liis race, or his color, or
his previous condition; does not assert the
right in the United States to define his rights
as a voter except simply to guard him from a
deprivation of the right to vote and hold office
through the matter of his race, color, or pre-
vious condition.
Mr. President, if we really do desire to do
a thing here which shall be complete in itself,
I think it would be well to adopt that form of
language ; and lest anybody should suppose
that I am desirous to have the credit of it, I
am perfectly willing that it shall bo considered
as having been written out for me and handed
in here by me as the work of any other Sen-
ator 011 this floor who will assume the pater-
nity of it. The thing that I want to get at is
to express what the Senate desires to express,
and what tho other House desires to express.
The thing that I want to get at is that this Con-
gress shall not adjourn without having accom-
plished the great object of laying this question
before the people of the United States, that
we shall not be cross-firing here and killing
the whole measure. If one form of words will
not do let us adopt another.
Mr. McCREERY, (atsix o'clock and twenty
minutes p.m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll ;
and on the conclusion of the call a quorum
had not voted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Kentucky does not seem to care much
aboutthis motion, as he has not voted. [Laugh-
ter.] I move that the announcement of the
vote on this question be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. McCREERY. That is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be postponed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that this ques-
tion be postponed until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Everything
is cSut of order until the vote is announced,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then let the vote be
announced.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the list
of yeas and nays.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
names of Senators called who have come in
since the call commenced. Let the names of
the absentees be called.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is rather sharp.
The result was announced—yeas 8, nays 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Buekalew, Cole, Dixon,
Howard. Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Williams—8,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell. Cragin, Drake,
Edmunds.jFrclinghujsen, Grimes. ICellosg, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn. Pom-
eroy, Iiice, Sawyer. Spencer, Stewart, Wade, Warner,
Welch, Willey. Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Conklin?, Conness. Curbett, Davis, Doolittle, Ferry,
Fessenden, Fowler. Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Ilowe, McCreery, Moieran, Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pool, Ramsey. Robertson, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sherman. Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Vickers, and Wrhyte—31.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate refuses to adjourn; but there is not a quo-
rum voting.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE and Mr. EDMUNDS. That
is not, in order now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Nothing else is in
order. *
Mr. DRAKE. No legislative business has
been transacted since the last motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. CONKLING. It is always in order to
adjourn when there is no quorum.
Mr. POMEROY. There is nothing else in
order but to adjourn or send for the absentees.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there not a motion to
adjourn pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Sergeant-at-Arms request the absentees
to be present.
Mr. CONKLING. What has become of
the motion to adjourn?
Mr. HOWARD. I moved to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on adjourning.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. NYE. There are Senators enough in
the cloak-rooms, if they are called in, to make
a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the reading of
the sixteenth rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The vote has not yet been
announced.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the reading of
the sixteenth rule, which requires every Sen-
ator when his name is called to answer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
will be read. •
The Chief Clerk read rule sixteen, as follows:
" When tho yeas and nays shall bo called for by
one filth of the Senators present each Senator called
upon shall, unless tor special reasons bo be excused
by the Senate, dcelare openly and without debate
his assent or dissent to tho question."
! Mr. McCREERY. I beg to be excused from
I casting my vote on this question. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. For what special reason ?
That request cannot be entertained unless the
Senator assigns a special reason for which he
wishes to be excused.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No debate
is in order at this time.
Mr. McCREERY. 1 have no reason to assign
except my desire not to vote on this question.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ator from Kentucky be called.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is the duty of the Chair
to call him.
Mr. McCREERY. What is the motion of
the Senator from Maine ?
1! Mr. FESSENDEN. That th« name of tho
