1889,
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLO®£.
i
Senator from Kentucky be again called. He
is present
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to call the roil again if the Senate so decide.
Mr. MORTON and others. Call the names
of absentees.
Mr. DRAKE. There are other Senators
present who have not answered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One at a time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will call the roll of those who have not re-
sponded to their names, some of whom may
have come in since the call commenced.
The call having been concluded, the result
wag announced—yeas 12, nays 25; a"s follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cole, Colliding,
<->Uon. Fowler, Howard, McCreery. liamsey, Trum-
bull. Van Winkle, and Vickcrs—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Drake, Edmonds.
J'esaenden, Frelinghuysen,Grime®, Kellogg,McDon-
ald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye. Osboru, Pume-
roy, Pool, Rice, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart, Wade,
Warner, Welch, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Conness, Corbett, Davis, Boolittle, Ferry,
Harlan. Harris. Henderson, Hendricks, llowe, Mor-
pan, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson of New
i (aropsbire. Patterson of Tennessee, Robertson, Boss,
Sj.al>-hury,Sherman, Sprague. Sumner, Thayer,Tip-
ton, Whyte, and Williams—29.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the question now
before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the question to be on the amend-
mentof the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake]
to the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear
it read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is not that the same
one we have had up?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; it is a very different
one from the one we have had up this evening.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I believe
there is no difference between this amendment
und that reported by the Judiciary Committee.
If I recollect the report-of the Judiciary Com-
jnittee, it is that the right of no citizen shall be
denied, and this is that no citizen shall be denied
the light. That is the only difference, but it is
•simplyin words. I agree with the Senator from
Missouri candidly and earnestly in the belief
thia the report of a committee has a great influ-
ence on the Senate generally, entirely too much.
1 do not prefer the report of the committee to
the Senator's amendment, but I contend that
so far as the expression is concerned they are
substantially the same. For instance, the re-
port of the committee is that the right of no
citizen 
Mr. DRAKE. No. that is not the report of
the committee, if the honurable Senator will
allow me. " The right of citizens" is the
re.port of the committee.
Mr. FOWLER. The point I wish to make
is this: " the right of citizens," is the report
of the committee, and that presupposes, as the
Senator from Missouri justly says, that the right
inheres m the citizen and the mode of expres-
sion sets forth very clearly that the right to vote
is inherent in the citizen. If I understand the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri it is
.precisely the same. It alleges aright of some-
thing which it says shall not be denied. A
right of what? The right as it is there expressed
must inhere in something. It must certainly
have some substratum, some substantial basis
in which it inheres ; and that right necessarily
is in his proposition the citizen, and no expla-
nation, no criticism of language, can divest the
citizen of that right even in his own proposi-
tion. So they are substantially the same,
although there is a transposition in the terms
of the proposition.
Now, every objection that has been urged
by the Senator from Michigan I think is quite
as applicable to the proposition of the Senator
from Missouri as to the proposition of the
Judiciary Committee. But that is not my main
objection. Sir, I do not think that the Consti-
tution of the United States should be amended
without the gravest reasons for it, and then the
amendment should be enunciated in such, terms
as cannot be doubted, that all persons may
understand it distinctly. I do not believe that
eitberof the propositions now before the Senate
is perfected to such a degree that it will or
ouvht to receive the approbation of three fourths
of the Legislatures of the several States, or of
the American people.
I have another objection. This reformation,
as it is supposed to be, which has been inaugu-
rated by the rebellion, does not go as far as it
ought. If we have arrived at the conclusion
that the citizens of the United States are and
of right ought to be equal before the law, if
we have arrived at the point of declaring that
there are no distinctions whatever so far as
citizens are concerned, that we no longer legis-
late for black men or white men or red men,
but legislate for the citizens of the country, for
the people alone, then I want such an amend-
ment as will assert the right to vote and hold
office in the citizen and base it upon the prin-
ciple of his manhood, and give it to him by
virtue of the fact that his Creator has given
him manhood.
It maybe asserted here that it is not a natural
right. Well, sir, letus see how that is. Society
is the natural condition of man. Governments
are made by men as naturally as bees make
honey 5 and government is as much an element
of nature, it is as much a natural thing as man
himself. It is made, according to our theory,
by the man. It is the simple projection of his
own ideas into civil institutions. If he, then,
is a unit of the society or a unit of the Govern-
ment, it is his right, unquestionably, to have
that unit of force expressed in the Government.
Then, sir, let us make an amendment to the
Constitution such as I proposed; that is, an
amendment that shall set forth the fact that
this right does inhere in the citizen ; and let
the Government protect him in the exercise of
the right. I am of opinion that any amend-
ment to the Constitution which does not do
this falls far short of the requirements of the
age; itcannot receive my approbation, because
long since I supposed that the public opinion
of this country had gone beyond the point of
these pending propositions, and that it was no
longer hesitating about race or color, so far as
citizenship was concerned.
There is another point to which I want to
direct the attention of the Senate just now,
and it is the fact that the propositions beiore
us ignore the rights of all the while men of the
country who are now divested of this great
right. When this measure is adopted they will
remain divested of the right by the Srates and
by the Government of the United States. Why
not rise up to the point that you will give to
your owu race a privilege or aright which you
guaranty to another and an inferior race?
Why not meet that responsibility, not only in
regard to white men, but to white women also ?
But, as I said before, 1 do not expect that
amendment to be ingrafted on the Constitu-
tion of the United States at the present time.
I contend that any amendment of the Constitu-
tion that does ignore the rights of the white
men who are disfranchised throughout the
United States is an amendment unworthy of
the age and it is an amendment unworthy of
a white citizen of the United States or of any
citizen of the United States. Carry the proposi-
tion to the colored men in the southern country
and they will vote to-day to give this right to
the disfranchised whites. They wouldspit upon
such a proposition as this—a proposition in
which their own rights are attempted to be
secured, while it tramples down the rights of
their own white fellow-citizens, the men with
whom they are to live and whose good will and
whose affections they are to cultivate. They are
to be made the instruments of subjugating them
and trampling them in the dust and putting
themiu a position inferior to themselves. There
is not a decent black man in all the southern
States who would not scorn such a proposition
as this; and yet we are told here in the Senate
of the United States, at this late day of the
world, that, nobody's rights are to be guarded
except those who are worked by raee, color,
or previous condition of servitude, because
these are specific qualifies tliat are named and
our attention is directed to, tkein, and to thijui
alone. For all-other reasons a.Stafce may dave^
a man of his right to vote; for allother causes
he may be deprived of this right butfcMMhsae
alone, qualities that inhere only in a particular
race, no discrimination jis to be made, bat the
power is to be left to strike down the rights of
other individuals who are derived of their
right to vote for other reasons. ,
Now, sir, I say this is unworthy of the Sea-
ate of the United States or the Congress of the
United States, because these people pay taxes $
they discharge all the duties that, the citizea
ought to discharge; they are loyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States; they love- it as
well as you do, sir; they will figbt for it as
readily; they will follow it as far.. Their an-
cestors did as much to aekieve and maintain
our independence as those of any other class
of men, and why now, when you attempt to
secure the rights of one set of men, do yon not
secure the rights of all men? Such a propo-
sition shall meet my cordial, hearty appro-
bation ; but the other, the partial principle,
will meet my opposition always.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire
whether this proposition will not be the order
of the day at the meeting to-morrow after the
morning hour if we now adjourn, and if it will
not take precedence of other business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
Eftor in the chair.) This would be the unfin-
ished business if the Senate should now ad-
journ.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I wish to inquire
if the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri will be printed in the mean
time, so that we can examine it, without any
order to that effect? if an order to that effect
is necessary 1 move that it be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order at
this time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is rather
unreasonable to ask us to stay iiere now. There
is evidently no quorum present, and I should
think Senators, by common consent, would
adjourn and let us dispose of .this resolution
to morrow. If it were necessary to stay here
we could do so ; hut it is not, and therefore I
move to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Indiaua moves that the iSeuate do now
adjourn.
The que stion being put, the ayes were fifteen.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalcw, Cole, Davis,
Dixoii, Doohttle, Fowler, Hendricks, Howard, Nor-
ton. Pool, Riiuisey, Saulsbury, and Trumbull—14.
NAY'S —Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Craftm, Drake,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fcssenden. Frelingbuysen, Kel-
logg, McDonald. Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Nya,
Osboru, Pomeroy. Rice, Spencer, Stewart, Waae,
Warner, Welch. Willey, aud Wilson—23,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Conkhng. Conness, Corbett, Grimes, Harian. Harris,
Henderson, llowe, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill ot
Maine. Patterson New Hampshire. Patterson of Ten-
nessee. Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Spragae,
Sumner, Thayer, liptou, Van Winkle, Vickers,
Whyte, Williams, and Yates—29.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Ms. BAYARD. Mr. President, I think this
scene affords the most striking illustration of
the tyranny of party that has ever been wit-
nessed in this country. After an exhausting
session of nearly seven hours, the Senate of
the United States now persists in a deteimina-
tion to force through an amendment to the
Constitution, the substance of which it has
receded from in the last three or four hours,
after full debate. That is the legislation of a
free country, by exhaustion, possessing a three-
fourths majority m the Chamber, to endeavor
to force through an amendment of this kind
after you have receded from it within so short
a period of time. The objeet is very plain, Mr.
President. The intent is, and the sola intent, to
