1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
40th Coxa....3d Sess.
Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Mullim.
Ho. of Reps.
conduct toward the colored man, that in my own
city, Camden, Arkansas, ashorttime since, one
of these fire-eating gentlemen actually ran for
mayor on the same ticket with several colored
men, and he was elevated to the position he
sought by the votes of those very men who only
a few short months previous he had so despised
and spurned.
But, sir, I return to the snain question.
Negro suffrage is now a fixed fact. Though the
Democrats would have it otherwise if they
could, yet, in my opinion, the time will never
come when the constitution of any southern
State will be so amended by the consent of the
people as to deprive so large a class of citizens
of the exercise of a right so earnestly fought
for. The supposition is too unreasonable and
preposterous to be entertained for a single
moment; and its unreasonableness will become
more and more manifest as the scales fall from
the eyes of the Democracy ; and, what is
more than all, we shall find that this great
Democratic party thatonceattempted to destroy
this Union, and failed in their mad design, will
long before the next presidential election claim
to be the colored man's best friend. They
know how to adapt themselves to the changed
current of popular opinion, and would willingly
inscribe upon their banners to-day the capti-
vating motto, "universal freedom and man-
hood suffrage." But, sir, if this policy be
adopted without certain restrictions and safe-
guards I say it will be the death-knell of free-
dom and safety for loyal men in the South.
No man who ever favored the reconstruction
acts of Congress will be able to live there in
peace and happiness "under his own vine and
fig tree."
The carpet-bagger and scalawag must leave
unless they abandon their former political sen-
timents and join the Democratic party. The
formei slave will be but a tool in the hands
of designing demagogues, who will threaten
him with death or with starvation for himself,
his wife, and children, and thug compel him to
vote as they may dictate; and that will be
against that man or set of men who dared to
favor the present reconstruction acts of Con-
Lest my remarks appear too strongly or
vividly expressed I beg leave to refer to pub-
lications in the Democratic journals of Arkan-
sas during the last presidential election and
since. Would that I could tell with truthful-
ness a different tale, but the outrages and
assassinations committed by the Kuklux De-
mocracy during those terrible days speak in
accents so strong and loud that I cannot stultify
myself by denying or ignoring them.
Mr. Speaker, with the facts that I know, and
the awful sights I have witnessed in my own
State, it would be criminal in me to be silent.
The South went into revolution and was sub-
jugated ; and the repentant and now loyal men
there are not only suffering the bitter fruits of
rebellion, but have been murdered in cold
blood for merely expressing their penitence for
participation in rebellion and asking pardon of
the Government they so ungratefully wronged.
V\ hat Government upon the face of the earth
has ever been more magnanimous and forgiv-
ing tliau ours? In every instance where true
repentance has been shown the Government
has reached out the hand of forgiveness and
friendship and welcomed the wayward wan-
derer back. Even to the most violent has
this friendly greeting been extended. Yet the
man who asks this forgiveness at the South,
and shows the sincerity of his repentance by
indorsing the reconstruction policy of Con-
gress, is abused, maltreated, and ostracised^ by
his former friends; his life is endangered; vitu-
peration is hurled at him; he is denounced as
an enemy and a traitor to his country. Even
the women and children join in the general
howl of indignation, and death lurks around
him in every form until he consents to join
in the general warfare against Congress or
seeks some more genial and liberal clime. Let
those who speak of the Bepublican party as
radical go South and try radical Democracy
awhile, and in my opinion they will soon con-
cede the fact that they never knew before the
true meaning of radicalism.
But, Mr. Speaker, a large majority of the
people in the South really want peace. The
difficulty is that those who were their political
leaders before the war will not let them have
peace. They constantly urge them through
their newspapers not to forget the terrible war
that they have just gone through. The man
who sustains orindorses the reconstruction acts
of Congress is denounced as a-.traitor to the
South by the old leaders of secession and rebel-
lion, who still rule in the South and counsel
and advise the people if they want peace and
their rights to vote the Democratic ticket; and
poor deluded men in many cases follow their
advice. Vanquished, defeated, and deprived
of the "loaves and fishes" which they formerly
enjoyed at the expense of the United States
Government, and which, in a mad moment,
they cast from them, the Democratic leaders of
the South are actuated now by a desperation
caused by their hopeless prospects in the future.
They would destroy not only themselves, but,
like a drowning man, carry down with them
all who come within reach.
But a better day, thank God! is coming for
the South. The people are beginning to open
their eyes to the treacherous teachings of Ku-
klux Democracy. They are going to work,
and, forgetting their past troubles, they are
looking forward to the happy day when the
shrill whistle ef the iron horse will be heard in
all portions of the South ; when the bloody
sword of contention will have been sheathed ;
when the tramp of troops will have given place
to the tramp of the cow-boy and the pretty
milk-maid as they go singing merrily in the
performance of their daily duties; when peace
will reign throughout the land ; when the hag-
gard and anxious look will no longer be seen
on the faces of our wives and little ones; when
all nature will smile and happiness once more
reign supreme throughout our dear "sunny
South and all this as the result of the recon-
struction acts of a generous and forgiving Gov
ernment.
Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES MULLINS,
of tennessee,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 5, 1869.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. MULLINS said :
Mr. Chairman : Being in Committee of the
Whole, and having the state of the Union under
consideration, it brings up clearly the subject
upon which I now ask to be permitted to ad-
dress the House. I will speak upon a topic that
nearly concerns the state of the Union. I will
say in advance that I scarcely ever have writ-
ten out a speech preparatory to delivering it.
In ninety-nine cases out of'every hundred where
I have spoken I have done it without even notes,
as I do now. This being the case, I fear that
the reporters will not be able to put my ideas
together as easily as they have done for those who
are accustomed to writing out their speeches.
I am very sorry to require at the hands of those
gentlemen, the reporters, so much labor for the
little matter to be gathered from the remarks
I shall make touching the subject now under
consideration or that I have indicated a pur-
pose to consider.
I ask the indulgence of the Chair and the
members of the House while I submit some
crude remarks of my own upon the constitu
tional amendment recently before us. I say
my own, because I gather them not from any
one man or set of men. The ideas which I
intend to advance are the best deliberations of
my own mind, taking into view such evidence
as Lcould obtain. And permit me to say here
that I am so constituted as to believe no man
or set of men, unless what they state be founded
upon evidence that my mind can grasp and I
can see the reasons of that whereof they speak.
This subject brings me naturally to consider
what it is that constitutes the Union of these
States. All nations or governments are made
up of men. ' Man is unquestionably created
freeandequal to hisfellow-man,and is endowed
by the great Creator with certain inalienable
rights. The most prominent in the group are
those of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness. These three grand inalienable principles
circumscribe and take in all the other rights of
man. Those rights he owes to no living man
or Government. He owes them to God alone.
There is the source whence they spring. He
cannot sell them ; he cannot buy them. Man
being in that condition, and originally intended
for society, he enters it with those rights, each
and every one of them. Those rights must be
brought into partnership by all—convention or
assembly—that may combine and form society.
Certain of them are yielded up by consent, so
that all may enjoy the residue under some cer-
tain corporate law, such as may be agreed
upon. Man, I say, was originally made for
society. It was not good that he should live
alone.
Being, then, in this condition, being inde-
pendent and free, endowed with these in-
alienable rights, they cannot be taken away ,
from him by any conventional body. They
are rights that no human power can legislate
away. He is at liberty to draw upon them as
an individual and as a member of the body-
politic and of the nation whenever it becomes
necessary, or to exercise them in self- defense
or for the preservation of his own existence.
Then how can the Government in which he
may live, made up of beings thus endowed—
how can any Government be formed otherwise
or exist otherwise than by the force and power
of the elements which compose it? Govern-
ments, then, are made up of men thus consti-
tuted. The right of the Government rests on
that of the citizen, upon those rights that each
and every one brings with him into the body-
politic. This being the case, Government
stands based upon the natural right of every
individual man, a right which can to a certain
extent be compromised, so that the body-cor-
porate may exercise certain powers surren-
dered by the parties who united to organize
it. This is done in all Governments that they
may exist or be established. We come on
down through the dark and feudal ages. Pass
them all by, despotic as they may have been,
tyrannical as they may have been. Though
many empires have risen up like blazing me-
teors, they have been nevertheless overridden
by these inalienable rights and crushed out,
and other empires and dominions have sprung
up at different periods of the world's history.
It does appear that very few of them have been
so framed as to stand more than a few years
compared with the history and age and travel
of this terraqueous globe in which we live.
Since Governments have begun on earth they
have each lived but a few weeks, months, or
years, as compared with the ceaseless ages that
have rolled on and will roll on until the final
winding up that none of us can see.
Governments, then, have lived but a compar-
atively short time. Still it is presumed that
every one as it comes up will be an improve-
ment on the one that has passed away. Such
has been the history of the world. Some Gov-
ernments have seemed to stand the shock of
centuries—even from five to six hundred of
them. Yet the foundations being laid by man,
fallible man, each individual endowed with all
these inalienable rights, they were such that
violence and intrigue, treason, rebellion, dis-
