THE CONGRESSIONAL GJjOBE.
January 14,
and that the duties upoa rice, cotton, and lard
should not be advanced. The duties on tobacco
were not to exceed four thalers per centner, (or
$2 88 per one hundred and ten pounds,) and
notoverthree thalers percentner on stems. "VYe,
through our minister, loudly protested then
Against the injustice of any higher duties, and
yet we ourselves now impose upon unmanu-
factured tobacco imported into die United
States a duty of thirty-five cents per pound,
equal to about fifty-four thalers per centner, or
more than thirteeu times as much as then ap-
peared reasonable to us that the Prussians
should levy upori our tobacco! Yetto-day very
few pretend that we can do with less. Beside,
it will be seen by the tariff promulgated years
since by the Zollverein that they have, with-
out requiring any equivalent from us, continued
cotton on the free list, as it was plain from
enlightened self-interest they must, and have
reduced the duty upon tobacco to the identical
and magical figure of four thalers per centner.
Without any treaty or so-called equivalents we
now have all the advantages sought for by
President Tyler.
The statesmanship of the State Department
seems to have been unequal to the task of fore-
casting for twenty years, or even for fifteen.
But this blindness will be much more apparent
if we examine the equivalents, so called, which
we were to have given for the distinguished
consideration to tobacco. The catalogue of
reductions to occur in our tariff are too long
to be fully repeated, and embraces to a great
extent the luxuries and toys of commerce—the
very sources from which, since 1801, we have
most largely increased custom-house supplies.
No higher d uty than twenty per centum, ad va-
lorem was to be placed on woolen, worsted, or
cotton hosiery, mitts, caps, bindings, drawers,
shirts, and all similar manufactures made on
frames, nor upon musical instruments, except
pianofortes.
No higher duty than fifteen per centum acl
valorem on any manufactures of silk, or of
which silk should be a component material of
chief value, nor upon Thibet, inerinos, merino
shawls, and all manufactures of combed wool
or of worsted and silk combined, nor upon
polished plate-glass, silvered or unsilvered,
toys, wooden clocks, cologne water, scissors,
files, saws, planes, scythes, needles, copper
wire, bronze ware of all kinds, fish-hooks,
leather pocket-books, and all sorts of similar
fine leather manufactures, pocket looking-
glasses, snuff boxes of papier machfe, lead-
pencils, &c.
No more than ten per centum, ad valorem on
all thread laces, insertings, lace, tresses, tassels,
knots, stars of gold and silver, mineral water,
spelter, &c.
And, finally, wewere to agree not to increase
thethenexistingi-at.es of duty upon wines ; and
the duties upon wines in 1844 were as follows :
on Madeira and sherry, in casks or bottles,
sixty cents ; champagne, forty cents ; claret,
six cents per gallon ; and on white wines,
seven and a half cents in casks or twenty cents
in bottles per gallon.
It ia quite apparent that the American nego-
tiator of the proposed treaty, however learned
and accomplished in other respects, was sadly
deficient in practical knowledge of revenue
laws or of the industrial interests of the Uni-
ted States, and without any apprehension of
the strides these interests were destined to
make in the immediate future. Whatever of
budding promise there might be in the efforts
then being made or subsequently made to es-
tablish manufactures of worsted, of silk, of
linen and hemp, of woolen and cotton goods
made on frames, of scythes, saws, files, planes,
fish-hooks, lead-pencils, and so on to the end,
or whatever were the prospects of American
wines, it is quite certain that if this treaty had
been accepted all these varied interests, now
counted by millions upon millions, would have
received their death knell, or if not then-ad-
vent would have been postponed for a genera-
tion ; and if the treaty had been in force at the
outset of the late rebellion the Government of
the United States would have been almost para-
lyzed, and without the power to mend its finan-
cial condition so far as that then depended upon
receipts for duties upon foreign merchandise.
It was found necessary, for revenue purposes,
to place three or four times the amount of
duties upon many of these articles which could
not have been done had the Zollverein treaty
been in force, and under such rates of duty
the protection to home manufactures has been
so great that we have largely diminished our
dependence upon foreign supplies for silks,
worsteds, and whole classes of other manufac-
tures included in the treaty. This only illus-
trates the extreme inexpediency, not to say
folly, of reciprocity treaties. A great and
growing nation must bo left free to act in any
and all emergencies as its honor and interest
may demand.
NATIONAL COMPLICATIONS.
But beyond the general impolicy of such
treaties and their lack of constitutional au-
thority there is another, and it would seem
insuperable, difficulty. Before the Zollverein
treaty had reached us Lord Aberdeen appears
to have got possession of its terms, and at
once notified Mr. Everett, our minister at St.
James, that his Government would claim, un-
der our treaty of 1815, an equal relaxation of
duties in their favor. Upon the admission on
the part of Mr. Everett of the propriety of the
claim, provided it was accompanied by the
same equivalents, Lord Aberdsen replied that
•' he conceived that by the convention of July,
1815, we should be bound to admit British fab-
rics, on paying the same duties as the German,
without any such conditions on their part."
Upon referring to article two of the treaty of
July 8, 1815, it cannot be said that the posi-
tion of Lord Aberdeen was untenable. The
stipulation found there is the very common
one in most modern treaties, and reads thus :
" No higher or other duties shall bo imposed on
the importation into tho United States of any arti-
cles the growth, produce, or manufacture of his
Britannic majesty's territories in Eurupe tliaa are or
shall be payable on like articles, being the growth,
produce, or manufacture of any other foreign coun-
try."
Our treaty of 1829 with Austria is the same,
but with an additional article, as follows :
" If either party shall hereafter grant to any other
nation any particular favor in navigation or com-
merce it shall immediately become common to tbe
other party freely, when it is freely granted to sui-h
other nation, or on yielding tho same compensation
when the grant is conditional."
The same provisions will be found in our
treaty with Russia in 1882, and with Belgium
in 1845, with this variation : " on allowing the
same compensation or its equivalent if the
concession is conditional."
It will be found that nearly all of our treaties
bind us to extend to all nations with whom we
have commercial treaties the same terms granted
to the most favored nation, either with or with-
out compensation. Therefore, a reciprocity
treaty is neither more nor less than an extraor-
dinary mode of amending the tariff so that it
cannot be again amended in the ordinary way
by Congress for a term of years, and for the
consideration that some other nation will
shackle itself in the same manner.
In discussing this subject it should be done
wholly apart from the question of the propriety
of a high tariff or a low one; that is not in-
volved; for if a reduction of the tariff can be
made by treaty it follows that an increase can
be so made. But it should be noted, however,
that praotically these treaties, whatever may
be the requirements of the Treasury, must in-
variably contemplate the surrender of more or
less revenue. If the tariff is too high let it be
reduced; if too low let it be increased; but
solely with reference to the welfare of our own
people, and in a manner that will not compli-
cate our engagements with all foreign nations.
By opening the door to the wool of Canada we
leave the door ajar as to the wool of Buenos
Ayres; and if the low grades of Hawaiian
sugars be admitted the better grades of Cuba
cannot be resisted; or, if they can be, then
theExecutive and the Senate will have become
the architects of a mottled tariff—white here
and black there, andring-streaked everywhere.
RECIPROCITY WITH THE BRITISH PROVINCES.
Only ten years after the Zollverein treaty
had been set aside, for the gravest of consti-
tutional reasons the Senate reversed its posi-
tion, and the House of Representatives acqui-
esced, by making the treaty of 1854 for the
benefit of the British colonies of North Amer-
ica. American statesmen in the North were
lifted off their feet by the will o'-the-wisp of
annexation, and in the South by sectional
advantages. This treaty, beyond all doubt,
was made to induce annexation, but the argu-
ments used to that end, without regard to the
merits or demerits of that question by itself,
have been buried too deeply by our eleven
years of cruel experience under the treaty
ever to be again resuscitated. That whatever
desire any parties in the provinces may have
entertained prior to the treaty for joining the
United States was temporarily crushed out
by the reciprocity treaty cannot be denied.
And why not ? If they had secured the chief
benefits to be derived from annexation why
should they not shun any and all of its duties
and burdens? There was no inducement left
to go further if the profit and loss account in
all subsequent stages was to be nearly equally
balanced. American statesmen vainly antici-
pated an era of good-feeling, hoping that our
neighbors were, after all, imbued with some
admiration of more popular institutions and
with some ambition to become an integral
portion of a great Republic ; but the rebellion
touched our provincial neighbors with the
spear of Ithuriel. Then they assumed their true
shape and boldly hoisted their true colors,
and at once all these prophetic and coming
glories vanished as the unsubstantial visions
of maidens' dreams. Our recent border fair-
weather friends seemed to be filled suddenly
with envy and all uncharitableness. Eager
for bargains in the purchase of our fugitive
ships hiding from the pirates of the Clyde,
greedy for the profits of blockade-running, in
full sympathy with the master spirits of the
rebellion, harboring raiders on our borders,
and furnishing an asylum to those who were
sending assassins one day, disease and death
the next among our people, it became too
apparent that the Government of the British
provinces, instead of reciprocity, instead of
building up the United States, would feel as
lively a joy as that disclosed by Mr. Roebuck,
their spokesman in the British Parliament,, in
having " the presumptuous and audacious bully
of the world," as he styled us, humbled and
destroyed. These undeniable facts show the
folly of making an exception in favor of British
subjects in the rule of treating foreign nations.
They are and must be enemies in war; in
peace, friends.
THE FISHERY QUESTION.
It maybe said that the treaty of 1854 settled
an important question relating to the fisheries.
If there is any point where American diplomacy
ought to blush it is in relation to this very
question of the fisheries, and the last adjust-
ment was hardly more wise than the pusillani-
mous surrender of 1818. Great Britain con-
ceded by the provisional treaty of 1782, and
reaffirmed wo'rd for word in the treaty of 1788,
all the rights we demanded and all that ever
could be of practical utility. The language
was most comprehensive:
"The people of the_United States shall continue tt>
enjoy unmolested the right to take jish of every kind on
the Grand Bank, and on all other banks of New-
foundland; also in tho Gulf of St. Lawrence, ami at
all other planes in the sea where the inhabitants of both
countries used at any time heretofore to !hh ; and also
that the inhabitants ol tho United States shall have
liberty to take fish of every kind on such part of the
coast of Newfoundland as British fishermen shall
use, (but not to dry or cure the same on that island,)
aud also on the coasts, bays, and creeks of all other
of his Britannic majesty's dominions in America;
and that the American fishermen shall have liberty
to dry and cure fish in any of tho unsettled bay-% hnr-
bors, and creeks of Nova Scotia, Magdalen I.-und-:,
and Labrador so loner as the same shall rnnain
unsettled; but so soon as the same or cither of them
shall bo settled, it shall not be lawful for said fisher-
