1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
maintain the dominance of the present party by
means of the degradation of the suffrage. They
will fail in that. It is not that I fear ; but fail-
ing as a party tbey will also rain their coun-
try. But what cares party spirit for that? If
gentlemen would only take1 the trouble to read
the Farewell Address of General Washington,
and take note of his warning as to the peculiar
dangers that "assail a republic from the per-
verted spirit of party, I think they might pause
a little in their career. They will find that
their object will be defeated, because, if you
attempt to impose upon the people of this
country a suffrage of that kind against their
consent through the mere medium of party
Legislatures, you will find that your party will
utterly fail in being sustained by them. It may
lead to revolution j it may lead to the destruc-
tion of the institutions of the country; it can-
not lead to good ; and the very mode by which
it is now attempted to be carried out evidences
what the honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Mokton] chose to apply to a very different
proposition, "the desperation of party." It
is indeed the desperation of party. The men
who now advocate this will find further, if they
will look at the past history of parties in this
or any other representative Government, that
wherever they attain too great strength they
aWays perish from their own internal struggles.
Personal ambition, new questions arising, the
division into different cliques founded on per-
gonal motives, will destroy any party where a
formidable opposition no longer exists to it.
That has been the past experience of this
country.
After the Democratic party had by an almost
unanimous vote elected Mr. Monroe a second
time as a candidate for the Presidency, at the
succeeding election all the candidates were
Democrats and the division was purely per-
sonal, and it led to the defeat of the Democ-
racy. Such will be the fate of the Republican
party. But, sir, the precedent will remain of
the tyranny now exercised, and the institutions
of your country will ultimately fail in order
that the men of the hour for their mere per-
sonal purposes shall carryouttheirown ascend-
ancy for a brief period. It will be the same
story over again, Mr. President, that tookplace
in the French Directory and the French Con-
vention. You may succeed for a ti.ne ; one
man will fall in conflict with another; it may
be that you wil! not resort to the scaffold or
the guillotine here as they did in France ; but
there will be Dantons and Marats and Robes-
pierres in the United Slates under this utter
disregard of the constitutional restrictions and
civil liberty, as is evidenced now by the domi-
nant party in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I merely de-
sire to say that in my opinion if this country
and its Constitution could stand up successfully
against a Democratic rebellion to perpetuate
slavery its institutions can probably stand a
Republican effort to perpetuate freedom and
the rights of man.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DRAKE. What was the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That reported from the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the committee. I
move to strike out the words " vote and " in
the second line; so as to leave the restriction
imposed on the power of the States to apply
only to the right to hold office. I think the
evil far less if the people of a State choose to
elect any of their ]>ets to Congress or as their
State officers-, or if the Governors of States or
any other appointing authority choose to ap-
point them—I do not think that evil is com-
parable nor half as dangerous to the-country
as the attempt to give the suffrage to an infe-
rior race. 1 move, for this reason, to strike
out the words "vote and;" and I ask the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Bucka'.ew, Davis, Hend-
ricks, Vickers, and White—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ca.ttell. Cole, Brake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Ifessenden, Prolinghnysen, Howard,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn. Patterson
of Now Hampshire, Pomeroy, Rainsey, Rice. Ross,
Sawyer, Speneer. Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, W nrner, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Oonkling, Connes", Corbet!,Cragin, Dixon,Doolittle,
Fowler, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howe,
McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Sherman. Sprasrue, Sumner,Thayer,
Tipton, Welch, and Williams—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. In the fourth line, after the
word "States," I move to insert the words
"hereafter to be chosen," so as to submit this
amendment to Legislatures hereafter to be
chosen,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the question before the Sen-
ate is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky will not
be in order until that amendment shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move
to strike out in line thirteen the words "by
the United States or so as to make the prop-
osition read:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shalt not be denied or abridged by
any State on account of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude.
On this amendment I ask for the yeas and
nays. I wish a distinct vote on the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see anv pro-
priety in having those words "by the United
States" in. It seems to me they may he omit-
ted without impairing at all the effect of the
amendment, and it should be as concise as
possible. Unless something is to be accom-
plished by retaining those words I think they
had better be stricken out. According to my
view, and the view I think of the Senate, the
United States Government has no right to reg-
ulate suffrage at present.
Mr. STEWART. It. has in the Territories
and in the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is true ; hut I was
referring to the States.
Mr. HOWARD. But the clause, as itstands,
applies to all the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is intended by this
amendment to give to the United States the
regulation of suffrage, that is one thing; but
that was not my understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is intended to deny it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My understanding of
the amendment was that its object was to pro-
hibit the States from denying the right of suf-
frage or the right to hold office to any person
on account of race or color. Now we have in
it—and I confess my attention was not particu-
larly drawn to the effect of it until it was done
by the Senator from Michigan—the words that
this right shall not be abridged by the United
States or any State. The United States has
nothing to do with it except in the Territories,
as suggested, and over those we have plenary
jurisdiction. It is not necessary to put those
words in in order to give the United States au-
tlioi ity to control suffrage in the Territories. We
have that authority and always have exereised
it just as we do in the District of Columbia.
The Constitution needs no amendment in that
respect to confer ample power on the Federal
Government; and believing as I do that the
United States has no authority to interfere
with suffrage in the States, I think these words
had better be stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Illinois
on this subject, it seems to me, to use ahomely
i! phrase, has put the eart before the horse. He
says that the United States have plenary juris-
diction over the subject of suffrage in the Ter-
ritories and in the District of Columbia. That
is true on his view of the Constitution ; and so
have the States plenary jurisdiction within
their limits, on his view. The object of this
amendment is not to confer jurisdiction, but to
deny to the United States and the States the right
to exercise that jurisdiction in the way of limit-
ation and exclusion. Therefore, while under
the Constitution as it now stands on the view
of my friend, we have the power to exclude
colored persons from voting in the District of
Columbia and in the Territories, it is one of
the objects of this provision to deny to us or
to any political majority in Congress the right
to make that exclusion. If this amendment
was conferring power instead of denyiug it
what my friend says would be true; but, in-
asmuch as it is exactly the reverse, as it is a
limitation on the power of Congress and on
the power of the States to make unjust exclu-
sions on the ground of color, these words
ought to stay in. I submit that to the con-
sideration of my friend.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Vermont
seems to overlook what I regard as the true
construction of this clause, it is in the most
general and comprehensive language possible.
It declares that the right of citizens of the
United States to vote and to hold office shall
not be denied or abridged by the United States
or any State on account of race, &c. A citizen
of the United States and residing in Vermont
has the right to vote and to hold office. That
of course will be conceded. This clause ap-
plies as clearly by its terms to the citizen of
Vermont, and his right to vote and to hold
officcis as clearly subject to the language of this
clause as is the right of any person residing
in a Territory or in the District of Columbia;
and the denial is applicable alike to the citizens
of a State and to the citizens or inhabitants of
a Territory or to the citizens of the District of
Columbia. The generality of the language em-
braces citizens everywhere, whether in States,
Territories, or the District of Columbia ; and
the United States is prohibited from denying
the right to vote and hold office to all these
citizens wherever they may reside, whether in
State, Territory, or District. There is no
escape from this. It is plainly, irresistibly
expressed by the general terms employed, and
there is no possibility of excepting out of those
general terms the citizens of a Territory or of
the District.
Now, sir, if the United States by these ex-
press terms is refused the power of regulating
suffrage and office holding in one place for
certain reasons, does it not follow irresistibly,
according to legal logic and construction, that
the United States may impose restrictions and
qualifications based upon any other ground not
embraced in the exceptions in the, language of
this article ? Inclusio unius est exclitsio alterius
is an ancient maxim of the law ; and if we deny
thus specifically to the United States the power
to impose restrictions in respect to color or
race, 1 say it is an irresistible inference from
the very language we use, that in respect to>
all other qualifications the power is given to
Congress to restrict voting_ and office holding.
They may in any test that is not prohibited by
this article; Congress may establish a religioub
test, an educational test, a property test, that
shall take effect not merely in the District of
Columbia or in the Territories, but in any and
all of the United States.
This inference is perfectly sweeping and uni-
versal. The power of Congress would go so
far as to regulate the qualifications of office-
holders in a village, in a city, in a county.
Congress might prescribe the qualifications of
the sheriff of a county or of the trustee of a
public fund, and so of all other public offices
which might exist under State authority. Sir,
I am not prepared to go so far as this ; but the
Senator from Vermont sees no difficulty. I do.
We happen to differ in that respect; and in
enacting an amendment to the Constitution,
the first requisite that ought to be observed in
