1869.
THE COKGKESSfQMiL GLOBE
1305
our legislation is plainness, distinctness, cer-
tainty, and perfect perspicuity in the language
■which we employ, so as not to s?t a trap in
"which litigants may be caught, so as not to
encourage litigation and squabbling in courts
of justice, so as not to bring the matter in dis-
cussion before the public upon every stump
and every platform where a demagogue or a pop-
ular expounder of the Constitution—and we
have an almost countless number of them—may
see fit to exercise his talents.
But my great objection to this, and one
which with me is utterly insuperable, is that it
gives the national Government power byasin-
gle enactment to repeal that clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that no religious test
shall be applied to officeholders in the Uni-
ted States. There is the difficulty which I
see in it. The other difficulties are of great
importance ; but to me that is by far the great-
est. I would not even by implication raise the
question ot'the perfect freedom of anAmerican
citizen, whatever may be his religions belief, to
enjoy the right of voting and holding office
under the Government of which he is a com-
mon member. Sir, this clause does repeal that
provision of the Constitution to which I have
referred ; and pass this amendment in this
form, let it be discussed deliberately in the
Legislatures of'the States where there will not
be such a hurry and bustle as exists at this
time in this Chamber, and I predict you will
not get the ratification by one State of such an
article as this. That is my opinion. I may be
mistaken,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I respectfully suggest to
my friend that there does not seem to be hurry
or bustle in this Chamber at the present time,
and I do not intend to make any myself, or to
occupy any time, but simply to say one word
in reply to my friend.
He is altogether wrong in his philosophy in
supposing that the negation of one proposition
is the affirmation of another. The affirmation
of one proposition is sometimes the negation
of another; but to say that because it is pro
vided that the United States shall not deny to
anybody the rights of voting and of being voted
for for a particular reason it is implied that
they may and shall deny it for all other rea-
sons would be equivalent in criminal law to
saving that a statute which forbade murder
and said that no man should commit murder
implied that every man might commit adul
teryl It is a perfectly preposterous propo-
sition. There is no such-thing in law or logic—•
if my friend will pardon me for speaking some-
what firmly upon the proposition—to be found
in any book which undertakes to declare that
because you prohibit one thing you thereby
grantauthority to do another. You leave it on
other points Exactly whese the law stood before.
Mr. HENDKICKS. Allow me to ask a
question.
Mr.EDMUNDS. Withthegreatest.pleasure.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does not the prohi-
bition involve the idea that in its absence the
power existed?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it does not. It
involves simply the idea that what you prohibit
is prohibited) and what you do not prohibit
stands exactly where the law and the Consti-
tution left it before. That is what it implies.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I will ask the
Senator if, in construing laws, the rule is to be
adopted that the Legislature has done an idle
thing and has prohibited that which was pro-
hibited before'/ If these things are prohibited
do not the entire class they belong to stand
without prohibition when you prohibit these?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr. President, what
we think it proper to prohibit we do prohibit:
what we think it proper to leave where the Con-
stitution and the frame of the Government
leaves without prohibition we leave there.
Now, if Senators are right in supposing that
the right to regulate suffrage and hold office is
now with the States, then when we prohibitthat
regulation being made effective upon certain
points named in this amendment we leave all
(he rest of it just where it was before. If the
right to regulate suffrage in any respect belongs
to Congress, as in the Territories it does, and
in the District of Columbia, then when we pro-
hibit, Congress from exercising that right on a
particular ground we leave its other powers
unimpaired, exactly as they stood before. We
do not give it any other powers, but we simply
leave these other powers,- if they exist, just
where they were.
Now, look at it in the other point of view for
a moment. Suppose we were to strike these
words out and say that no State should impose
these unjqst'discriminations, what then? We
have a vast territory in which new States are
to be framed and are to grow up; and thus to
reserve to the whims of a political majority in
the two Houses of Congress tlra power of fix-
ing the future character of a State, by making
regulations of suffrage which are not founded
in any reason and which are based on princi-
ples that we deny to the States, would be a
singular position to occupy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the committee,
on which the yeas arid nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew. Conkling, Cragin. Da-
vis. Dixon, Dootittle, Ferry, Fowler, Hendricks, How-
ard, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire. Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, and
Whyte—18.
NA Y£—Messrs. Abbott, Catteli, Cole, "Drake, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen. Harris, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Rice. Sawyer, Stewart, Wade, "Warner, Wit-
ley, Wilson and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bay&rd, Cameron,
Chandler. Conness, Corbett, Grimes, Harlan, Hen-
derson, Howe, McCreery, Morgan. Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Os.horn, Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Ross,
Sherman. Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Welch, and Williams—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move, asan amend-
ment to the amendment, to insert after the word
" servitude," at the end of the article, the fol-
lowing :
Nor sliall any citizen beso denied, by reason of any
alleged crime, unless duly convicted thereof by the
verdict of an impartial jury.
So that it will read :
The risbfc of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States, or by any State, on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude; nor
shall any citizen be eo denied, by reason of any
allesed crime, unless duly convicted thereof by the
veidict of an impartial jury.
Mr. President, it seems to me that the time
has come in the United States and in all the
Sta'es when all this machinery 
Mr. BUCKALEW. Before the Senator goes
on I suggest to him, instead of saying "duly
convicted thereof by an impartial jury." to say
" duly convicted thereof according to law," or
"duly convicted thereof by due process of
law."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I accept that modifi-
cation in the language of mv amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Pome-
koy. ) That modification will he made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it seems
to me that if this work of fixing the suffrage in
the States is to be entered upon by the Federal
Government, and the doctrine of universal
suffrage is to be extended to all races of men
without any distinction whatever, the time has
come to do away with all those proceedings in
the several States which are so abhorrent to all
the nations of freemen, by which men are dis-
franchised and excluded from the rights of citi-
zenship who refuse to take certain test-oaths—
things which are in themselves perfectly odious,
and have been ever since the great struggles
of our ancestors in England, and unbecoming
3 free people. The idea of disfranchising men
for alleged offenses of which they are not con-
victed is monstrous. We know—it is a notori-
ous fact—that in the State of Missouri, and
some of the other Slates, large numbers of
intelligent citizens of the United States are
excluded from the right of franchise by this
machinery of te«t-oa;hs without any conviction
of crime, without Soy conviction whatever, and
without any trial.
When the civil war was raging, and excite-
ment was prevailing throughout the land, men
might perhaps seek to justify themselves for a
resort to measures of this kind ; but when the
war is over, when peace has ieome.' and when
you propose to extend universal suffrage to the
lowest races of men, certainly the time -has
come when universal amnesty should come with
it. If there is anything in the famous declara-
tion of General Grant at the conclusion of his
letter of acceptance, if there is deep signifi-
cance in those words "let us have peace,"
certainly the first prerequisite to peace in the
States of the South must be the repeal of these
test-oaths and of the disfranchising clauses of
the constitution of those States ; for, sir, dis-
guise it as you may, though no blood may be
shed, it is a state of war when the Constitution
and the law disfranchise great masses of the
most intelligent of the citizens of a State with-
out trial and without conviction of any offense.
It is in violation of the whole spirit of our Con-
stitution ; it is in violation of Magna Charta;
itisi a violation of the Declaration of Independ-
ence ; it is in violation of all the great princi-
ples for which our forefathers struggled, and
for which our ancestors in Great Britain strug-
gled for five hundred years.
Now, sir, you are about to force upon the
country negro suffrage and Chinese suffrage,
too; for you have only to strike the word
" white" out of your naturalization laws—and
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. SumbebJ has a bill already pending for
that purpose—and Chinese suffrage must have
its way in California and Oregon and on all
the Pacific slope. Chinese suffrage in those
States will be as potent as negro suffrage in
the States of the South, perhaps more so ; for
while the negro population of the South will
be diminishing, in all human probability, the
Chinese, as we open new channels of com-
merce across the Pacific, as we shall on the
completion of the railroad, will be pouring in
upon our western shores by hundreds of thou-
sands. They come from the hive of nations
in Asia, where the great mass of the human
population is congregated, and where millions
can be spared and not missed at all. They
are comparatively enterprising, comparatively
intelligent, by the side of the African race in
its normal condition ; and they will come to
the shores of the West. As you are about to
enter upon this policy of extending political
power in this Government to the inferior races
among us, certainly you ought not to stand for
the disfranchisement and the exclusion of
members of the superior race, unless they are
convicted of crime. I hope the Senate will
give me a vote on this question ; and upon it
i respectfully ask for the yeas and nays, that
we may have the sense of the Senate upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. Letthe amendmentberead.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read as modiiied.
The Chief Clerk, The amendment, as mod-
ified, is to insert after the word "servitude,"
at the end of the proposed article, the follow-
ing words:
Xor shall any citizen be so denied, byreasonof any
alleged crime, unless duly convicted thereof accord-
ing to law.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew. Davis, Dixon, Dooiittle,
Ferrj ■ Fowler, Hendricks, MeCrecry. Norton, Sams-
bury. Yiekers, Whyte and Wilson—13.
NAY'S—Messrs, Abbott, Catteli, O lo, Conkims,
Crasio, Drake, JSdmunds, ifessooden, Frelmshaysen,
Harris, Howard, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nve, Patterson ofNewlIampshire, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Riee, Robertson. Sfiwv'er, Spencer, Stewjrt,
Trumbull, Wade, Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams,
and Yates—30.
ABLEST—Messrs. Anthony. Bavard, Cameron,
Chandler, Conness, Corbett, Grimes, Harlan, Hen-
derson, Howe, KdU'-;;r, Morrill of Mame,
Osbnrii, Patterson ot Tennessee. Pool. Ross, Sher-
ir.an, Spr.'.srae, Sunnier, Thayer, Xinton, and van
Winkle—Si.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rev-c! ?i.
