354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
other business. The other day I made a motion
to recommit that bill, and I supposed then that
motion would prevail, but as I understood the
Senator from Wisconsin and some other Sen-
ators desired to address .the Senate I with-
drew it.
Mr. HOWE. I sympathize with the diffi-
culty that the Senator labors under, but I think
we can close out the debate on the pending
bill this afternoon. I do notknow of any one
else who wishes to speak except the Senator
from. South. Carolina. He says lie wishes to
occupy some twenty minutes, and I then wish
myself to make some remarks. I do not know
of any one else who wishes to speak at all.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well, then ; I give
notice that as earty as possible after the con-
elusion of this subject I shall call up the bill
to which I have referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of the
Senator from South Carolina, who is entitled
to the floor, I desire to submit a motion to
take up another bill. I am satisfied that the
debate on the Sue Murphey claim will not
close to-day nor to-morrow. I wish to take
up the bill providing for an air-line railroad
from Washington to New York. I desire to
take it up to-day in courtesy to a Senator
who has been prepared for some time to speak
against the bill. He is compelled to leave the
city because of sickness in his family, and he
is detained here in order that he may be heard
on the bill. If I thought there was any pros-
pect of getting a vote on the Sue Murphey case
I would not ask the Senator from Wisconsin
to yield, but I am satisfied that there are other
Senators who intend to engage in the discus-
sion of it. I trust, if he is not willing to post-
pone that bill any further than to allow the
Senator from Maryland to say what he desires
to say, it will be postponed that long, and the
railroad bill taken up for that purpose, though
I wish to have it kept before the Senate until
it is disposed of.
Mr. HOWE. I really hope the Senator will
not press that motion. Do I understand that
the Senator from South Carolina gave way to
the motion?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to go in oppo-
sition to the will of the Senate as to taking up
this bill to-day; but if the Sue Murphey case
can be disposed of to-day and sent back to
the committee it seems to me that it will be as
well to do it now as at any time. Still I would
not put my own wishes in opposition to those
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not press my motion
■if the Senator from South Carolina prefers to
go on now.
Mr. SAWYER. It seems tome we can get
through with that case pretty soon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, I withdraw
my motion.
inauguration ball.
Mr. CRAG IN. I ask the Senator from
South Carolina to give me the floor for a mo-
ment. I move to reconsider the vote of yes-
terday by which the House resolution appro-
priating the Rotunda and Old Hall of Repre-
sentatives for the purposes of a reception on the
evening of the inauguration day was rejected.
I do not ask for action on the motion now.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on this
day, approved and signed the bill (S. No, 174)
for the relief of Mrs. Emma Wilson, of the
State of Indiana.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of War, together with the ori-
ginal papersaccompanying the same, submitted
in compliance with the resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 6th instant, requesting such inform-
ation as is furnished by the files of the War
Department in relation to the erection of forti-
fications at Lawrence, Kansas, in 1864 and
1854; which was ordered to lie on the table.
message from the iiousjs.
A message from the House of Represent-,
atives, by Mr. McPuersok, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. %7) to
provide .for the removal of the remains of
Hon. W. T. Coggeshall, late minister of the
United States at Ecuador, to the United States;
and it was thereupon signed by the President
pro tetnpore of the Senate.
miss sue murphey.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
625) for the relief of Miss Sue Murphey, of
Decatur, Alabama.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, this sub-
ject has received so long and so able discussion
already that it is with considerable reluctance
I rise to claim for a few moments the atten-
tion of the Senate. But the doctrine so ably
urged by several Senators is so new to me, so
repugnant to my sense of justice, so opposed
to tho ideas I have hitherto entertained as to
the status of those men in the lately insurrec-
tionary States who kept untarnished their faith
to the Union, that I feel constrained to express
my dissent from it, and to express as briefly as
possible the opinions 1 entertain on the ques-
tion before the Senate.
Iam not prepared to express an affirmative
opinion as to the propriety of making payment
to Miss Sue Murphey for losses alleged to have
been incurred by her in the taking of her house
for the uses to which it may have been put.
The Senate do not appear to be possessed of the
proof that Miss Sue Murphey was a loyal per-
son prior to the taking of the house alleged to
have been hers. It is said that she was but
sixteen years old at the date of the destruction
of the house in question, and my personal ob-
servation of young ladies of that age in the
States lately in insurrection justifies me in say-
ing that any sentiments she may have held on
the relations of herself or her State to the
national Government could hardly be dignified,
with the epithet "loyal." It is hardly within
the bounds of probability that she should have
so far formed definite opinions on the questions
at issue between the national Government and
the rebel power as to entitle those opinions to
much consideration. That she had prejudices
and proclivities is quite probable, and it is
equally probable that those prejudices were but
the reflection of those entertained by her family
and those around her. I understand it to be
admitted that her relatives were avowed rebels,
and I regard it as almost beyond the limits of
probability that she entertained loyal senti-
ments in opposition to those of her relatives
and friends.
It seems equally uncertain whether she was
or was not the bona fide'*bvfnev of thepremises
forthe destruction of which payment is sought
at the time when they were taken for public
uses. I am not, therefore, ready to vote to pay
Miss Sue Murphey for the house destroyed until
these questions are definitely settled.
But this discussion has assumed a general
character. Miss Murphey's case has given the
occasion for a discussion of the principles which
should govern the Senate in considering the
claims of loyal persons resident within the
States in insurrection whose property was taken
for public uses. It is because the question is
a general one, and one in which many of my
constituents may be largely interested; in
which, I believe, the honor and good faith of
thenation are concerned, that I occupy the time
of the Senate. I shall not attempt to argue
the questions of public law with the honorable
Senators from Massachusetts and Oregon.
They may have stated correctly the principles
applicable to the relations of the loyal men of
the South with the national Government during
the late war.
Grotius and Vattel, Puffendorf. and all other
high authorities on public law, may have taught
such doctrines as these enunciated here, and
the loyal men of the South may be proven, to
the entire satisfaction of those who desire such
proof, to have been public enemies. Possibly,
by the principles laid down by these eminent
writers on public law those men who, sur-
rounded by the hosts of rebellion, urged by
every consideration of personal interest to share
that rebellion, subjected to a pressure which
only the firmest could withstand, yet held fast
their allegiance to the law and the Union,
because/mey loved the law and the Union,
must he classed as public enemies, though they
nevey ceased to protest against the treason,
h they never ceased to honor and love the
nment against which treason was eom-
Learned and honorable Senators tell us this
is so. The loyal men of the South will learn
this fact, if it be fact, with surprise and pain.
They saw tho power of their Government in
the States of their residence overthrown by
an illegitimate body; they saw the machinery
of their State governments pass from duly
authorized and loyal hands into the hands of
those who unlawfully usurped the power of the
States ; they saw the national emblem lowered
at the demand of traitors ; they felt in every
relation of life the evils of the crimes of those
traitors against the Government to which they
owed and acknowledged allegiance, the Gov-
ernment whose flag was their flag, whose tri-
umph was their triumph, whose defeats were
their defeats. This rebel power came between
them and the protecting arm of the Govern-
ment of the United States. It overshadowed
the whole land; it entered every man's house ;
it invaded every right; it violated every privi-
lege. Yet these men bore all the sacrifices,
endured all the hardships of their situation,
not indeed without a murmur, but with the
proud consolation of knowing that by and by
the right would prevail, and that then their
fidelity to the cause of liberty, of Union, of
the country would be promptly, cheerfully,
equally recognized. Never for an hour, never
for a moment, did they bate their hopes or re-
strain their prayers for the success of the cause
of the Union, which had to them become the
cause of civilization. Proud of their devotion to
that cause, they bore more easily the odiumand
frequent outrage to which they were liable,
from the reflection that the day would surely
come when, with the grand old flag floating
over now rebel fortress and town, the Ameri-
can Union would again be able to protect and
defend their hearths and their homes. Serv-
ing that Union by every possible means, offer-
ing up daily prayers for the success of the loyal
armies, never faltering, but always hoping,
they came at last to see the long expected tri-
umph. They fondly hoped their relations to
their Government were once more restored,
-that once more they could feel assured of
the protection of their rights as loyal citizens.
For long weary years they had waited till the
devotion their hearts held for their country
could find practicable outletfor action. Much
of their property had been ingulfed in that
flood which the demon of secession had poured
over every interest of the land. Their bank-
stock had been rendered valueless by the mis-
appropriation of bank assets to rebel uses by
directors, of whom a majority were always dis-
loyal ; their bills receivable had been paid in
a currency worth from three to five cents on
the dollar, yet which it was perilous to refuse
in payment; they had been compelled to pay
taxes to a despotic de facto government they
despised and disowned; their commerce with
the nations of the world had been broken up
by a blockade rigorously enforced on account
of crimes not theirs ; they had in great num-
bers of cases been compelled to part with
hard-earned possessions to furnish bread for
their families ; they had shared every evil of
war to which the rebels were subjected, and
they had been true and steadfast loyalists in
spite of all. Nay, more, it is questionable
whether the loyal North contributed a larger
percentage of its loyal men to the Union
