130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Kerr.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
mitted to the House for its action by the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Boutwgu..] This may answer to repair this
political House of ours, and to give it that
scope and basis and extent of surface, with all
the principles necessary for the time being—
might be ample perhaps for many weeks and
months and years to come. But that it will do
for all coming time is more than I can possibly
promise myself. The time will come when it
will have to be looked into and repaired agaiu.
Human wisdom has never been able yet to
attain perfection. This proposes that—
The right of any citizen of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or any State by reason of the race, color, or
previous condition of slavery of any citizen or class
of citizens of the United States.
That proposition, brought forward by the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
after a great deal of argument, running through
many days, each member having a suggestion
of his own, was under certain rules subjected
to amendment; and among the amendments
offered was one proposed by a gentleman that
for legal ability and grace of oratory stands
high in the estimation of the country and in
my own, as much so as any other man in the
House. I allude to the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham.] Hebringsforward
his amendment m lieu of the one offered by
the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. This is it:
No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall a.bridge or deny to any male citizen of the Uni-
ted States of sound mind and over twenty-one years
of age the equal exercise of the elective fianchise at
all elections m the State wherein he shall have act-
ually resided for a period of one year next preceding
such clcction—
All of which is right. And then—
except such of said citizens as shall hereafter en-
gage in rebellion or insurrection, or who may have
been, or shall be, duly convicted of treason or other
ct ime of the grade of felony at common law.
These, to my mind, are the exceptional words,
and they will look him in the face as a specter
as lie travels along his political path. This is
the exception: "except such of said citizens
as shall hereafter engage in rebellion or insur-
rection."
Sir, I put the question right now, and ask
him, or any other living man who entertains
any such idea as was advanced in this pro-
posed amendment, why do you propose to pun-
ish them that engage hereafter in rebellion,
and exculpate those who have already engaged
in it? If you exculpate the parlies who have
engaged in rebellion and are absolutely guilty
now—for in this ease you only judge the future
by the present aud the past—if you exculpate
those who have reddened our soil with blood,
and who even now are swift to shed the inno-
cent and loyal blood, and who have whitened
the forests with the bones that cover the earth,
exposed to be dragged about through the woods
by the vermin and the wild dog; if you hold
that these are of no weight, and these marks
are not to be taken into this terrible account,
why provide for the punishment of any future
rebellion? And he, hailing from one of these
northern States that lias always cherished the
principle of liberty, and has filled ten thousand
graves with martyrs slain to save this ble-sed
heritage imperiled by the assaults of these
red-handed traitors, recognizes the power of
the Government to punish for treason commit-
ted hereafter, but not to punish those who are
now guilty.
And, sir, the sublime remarks of the gentle-
man, (I say "snbiime," for his is one of those
minds whose lightning flashes dispel the darkest
clouds and illuminate with grandeur every argu-
ment; his speech runs like rivers of water;
his eloquence seems to flow from inexhaustible
fountains; his tongue is radiant with light,
though I fear in this case the head is wrong)
his sublime remarks are closed with the grand
expression quoted from the words of our Presi-
dent-elect. "Give us this amendment" says
the gentleman from Ohio, "and let us have
peace."
Sir, with all due respect to the gentleman,
whose legal abilities are equaled by but few, I
ask upon what principle of justice or humanity
do you expect to "have peace" by incorporat-
ing into the body-politic the worst enemies the
country has ever had ? When they are properly
fitted to come in, as living, healthful elements,
there is a way prepared by which they can
receive the restoration of their rights. But, if,
without that probation and preparation which
the safety of the Government demands, these
enemies are to be incorporated into the body-
politic, why did you fight them for four years?
Why did you not yield to their demand and let
them take the "peace" they wanted in their
own way? I cannot see that "peace" is to be
found by readmitting these men, without ques-
tion, to all the rights of citizenship? I would
not deal with them in any vindictive spirit. I
have never been disposed to treat with severity
even my enemy when he was in my power. But
while I would treat even my enemies and the
enemies of my country humanely, I would not
intrust my household, my wife, and my children
to the guardianship of the man who has at-
tempted to burn my dwelling and destroy my
family. So, when men have deliberately under-
taken to destroy the best Government that the
sun ever shone upon, I would permit those
men, when vanquished and in our power, to
exercise only such rights as they can exercise
without danger to the Government. Why, sir,
the power and majesty of the Divine Being,
who granted civil governments to man, and by
whose ordination they exist, would be insulted
by our saying that these men who have defied
all governmental authority, who have steeped
their hands in the blood of law-abiding citizens,
shall, unpurged of their crime, be welcomed back
to the political household. Shall we give such
men the control of the ballot-box? Shall we
make their votes the corner-stone of our polit-
ical edifice? Shall we say of them, "Upon this
rock will we build our church?" Sir, if such
is our foundation, we build upon the sand.
When the winds blow, and the floods come,
onr house will fall, and great will be the fall
thereof.
I wish, in the next place, to say a word in
regard to the amendment of another gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabakger,] more
old-fashioned, it may be, than his colleague.
It proposed to declare that—•
NoStateshallmake or enforce any law which shall
dcoy or abridge to any male citizen of the United
Statesof the age of twenty-one years or over, and
who is of sound mind, an equal vote at all elections
in the State in which he shall have such actual resi-
dence as shall be prescribed by law, except to such
as have engaged, or may hereafter engage, in insur-
rection or rebellion against the United States, and
to such as shall be duly convicted of treason, felony,
or other infamous crime.
I heartily approved this amendment, and pre-
ferred it to all the other propositions presented.
It embodies in effect the same principle as the
amendment reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee and advocated by the chairman of that
committee, [Mr. Boutwell.] There is, how-
ever, one important difference. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shella-
bakger] declares that those who have engaged
in rebellion inuy for that crime be excluded
from the ballot-box by the State if it sees fit to
exercise that power. On this account I pre-
ferred that amendment. Reflect for a moment
upon the blood and treasure that we have ex-
pended in redeeming ourselves from the desola-
tion with which the rebellion threatened us,
and then answer whether we should not in our
fundamental law brand that rebellion as a
crime? I think we should engrave upon our
Constitution some mark of the detestation with
which the iniquity of rebellion should be vis-
ited. I preferred the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] be-
cause, if it had been adopted, it would have
been a declaration that the nation looks upon
the recent rebellion as a heinous offense, the
enormity of which should be kept before the
minds of the people in all coming time as a
warning to future generations. There was the
crime of our fathers, the sin of slavery, and
there was the rebellion and war and slaughter
and debt with which it was so signally punished.
Such was the draft drawn upon ns by our fathers,
and the lesson of history is emblazoned in let-
ters of living light.
However, sir, that amendment was by a close
vote rejected. It was contrary to my wish
and to my vote; I voted for the amendment,
and was sorry to see it rejected. Then the
proposition of the Judiciary Committee was
passed, and so far as this House is con-
cerned it has become a part of the foundation
principles of our Government. I believe that
it will pass the Senate as it has passed here.
In this we have done well; we have at last
carried out our vaunted boast that all men had
the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness. It will give new life to
our political organism.
One word more and I am done. An indi-
vidual has the inalienable right to protect him-
self, but when he has taken the life of his ad-
versary in self defense he is estopped and can
go no further. The Government being assailed
can not only take the lives of those who assail
her, but she is not estopped from going further ;
she may take indemnity for the past and
security for the future. We are not estopped
because we have slain or conquered our adver-
sary; we must provide for the future that no
man, whatever may be his color, shall without
fault of his own be deprived of any of his inalien-
able rights. We must as a nation go on con-
quering and to conquer, lifting it still higher and
higher, defying the machinations of all earthly
potentates, principalities, dominions, and pow-
ers, until, under the blessing of God, it shall
culminate in that millennium of political life
that the light thereof shall dazzle the woild
with its glory.
Railroad from Washington to Xew York.
SPEECH OF HON. M. C. KERR,
OF INDIANA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 4 and 9, 1869.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II. It. No. 621) to authorize the building of a mili-
tary and postal railway from Washington, Distiict
ofColumbia, to the city of New York-
Mr. KERB said:
Mr. Speaker : I trust honorable gentlemen
on this floor will hold it to be their duty, in
reference to this proposition, to familiarize
themselves with its very remarkable provis-
ions. The importance of this bill does not
exist in the fact alone that it proposes to au-
thorize the location and construction of a rail-
road from the city of Washington to the city
of New York. It does not rest upon the fact,
which is assumed here, that there does exist a
public necessity for that kind of railroad, but
its importance rests upon other 'natter and
upon other propositions which are involved in
it. And if gentlemen will turn their attention
to the provisions of the bill they will find it to
embrace, for the first time in the history of
the country, these very grave and important
propositions : lias Congress, under the Con-
stitution, the power to create corporations for
the purpose of constructing highways in the
States of the Union wherever Congress may
believe such corporations and highways ought
to exist? Has Congress the power, under the
Constitution, to take charge of all railways in
this country which have been built by the
efforts of private individuals, private enter-
prise, and private wealth, under the regula-
tion, power, and jurisdiction, and with the aid
