1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. DIXON. I move to strike out in the
recital of the resolution the word "Legisla-
tures" and to insert "conventionsthesame
motion that I made before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
in order at this time. The question before the
Senate now is on concurring in the Senate with
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude;" so that, if amended, it will
read :
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and bold office shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States or by any State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is amnesty over
again.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask fortheyeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Doolittle, Fowler, Hendricks, Vick-
*ors, and Wliyte—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
Cra?iu, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fre-
linghuysen, Harris, Kellogg, McDonald. Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Poineroy, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Wade, Welch, Willey, Williams,
Wilson. andYates—-30.
ABS1SNT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Chandler, Conncss, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Orimes, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Mc-
•Oreery, Morgan. Morrill of Maine, Norton, Osborn,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, and Warner—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. NYE. If it is in order, I move to strike
out the whole of the resolution and substitute
therefor the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives upon which we have acted to-day.
I make this motion because it is quite evident
that we shall not be able to agree upon the
proposition before us, and I trust by this time
iionorable Senators who opposed the House
proposition see the utter futility of attempting
to pass any other.
There were two or three objections urged
against the House proposition. One was, and
that was urged by the honorable Senators from
Massachusetts, the honorable Senator from
Kansas, and some of the Senators from the
newly reconstructed States, that the amendment
did not go far enough ; that it omitted to say
that the class of persons alluded to should have
the privilege of holding office. 1 ask for a sin-
gle moment the candid consideration of the
tSenate to see whether that ground is tenable
or not. In order to do so it will be well to re-
member that we have made rapid strides, and
the class of pesonsalluded to in this resolution
and in the one from the House have been
transformed with wonderful rapidity from slaves
to citizens, from degradation to the elevated
platform of American citizens, and from the
garments of the slave have been clothed in the
attractive garments of citizenship. Not only
that, they have been armed with the most po-
tent weapon with which you can arm a man
for defense or for aggressive warfare, and that
is the ballot. In the southern States they have
got the ballot.
Now, sir, they complain in the South that a
rule is prsecribed for the southern States that
is not prescribed for the northern States. Mr.
President, I was born and reared in a north-
ern State. All of my education and my sympa-
thies are with those States; but yet they are
not strong enough to make me desire any rule
ot conduct or any privilege for them that is
not granted to the southern States. My desire
in the passage of the House proposition was
to secure uniformity, to stop this bickering
about one law for one locality and another law
for another. _ But it establishes a broader prin-
ciple still; it establishes the principle that
wherever a colored man may be found, whether
m New Hampshire or in South Carolina, he is
a citizen and entitled to vote. For that I have
labored zealously, if not wisely, for more than
twenty years. I have lived to see that result
produced, if this amendment should pass, as
wide and as broad as the land.
But gentlemen say they cannot stand on that
in the southern States. Then what can they
stand upon? Arm the negro with the ballot,
and I will see to it that he makes laws in the
State, if I live in it, that will protect him in
his right to hold office. Show me a State
where a class of men have a majority at the
ballot-box, and away with your fancied ideas
that wrong can be inflicted upon the majority
of the voters. Sir, the ballot is the shield,_ it
is the buckler, it is the power to which white
and black must bow. I think it is a mistaken
idea, therefore, of Senators from the South
that they cannot stand on that proposition
alone.
Does it not go far enough ? If it does not,
let us take what we can get. Long ago did I
learn the lesson that it was better to hold that
which we could obtain than to lose all by
grasping for two much. I venture to submit
the question to these colored men themselves,
whether they have not been fostered, whether
they have not been cared for, whether they
have not been elevated with a rapidity which
is astonishing to them. Therefore, I do not
put much stress upon the ground assumed by
honorable Senators from the southern States,
that they cannot stand on the proposition un-
less the colored people also have the right to
hold office. I repeat, give me the majority of
the ballots, and I will fix who shall hold offices
in a State. They will fix it; and they are not
so black or so stupid that they will not fix it in
opposition, if need be, to the Senators who
represent them upon this floor. Sir, it is the
ballot, it is the count, it is the numerical
strength that determines the right of the voter
to hold office in his State; and it is idle for ns
to stand here and throw away the great redeem-
ing measure to establish the principle in the
Constitution that these men shall have the right
to vote everywhere. That will be a triumph
which patriotism will rejoice over throughout
the country.
Sir, I have been quite astonished at the
course of the honorable Senators from Massa-
chusetts  nd my honorable friend from Kan-
sas. I asserted to day what I now repeat:
ever since my hair was as black as the raven's
plumage I heard the honorable Senators from
Massachusetts standing here and elsewhere
till their looks were wet with the drops of the
night, in doors and out, making the very air
that surrounded them vocal with the songs of
freedom, and buoying and lashing men up to
the point of giving the black men the right to
vote. I heard those Senators descant elo-
quently upon the power that it would give the
black men if they could only be armed with
the ballot. Sir, that is the armor that cannot
be pierced ; and yet when such a proposition
was presented here to-day, both those Sena-
tors, as well as the honorable Senator from
Kansas, voted " no," because it did not go far j
enough. Sir, the logic is bad, and it is rea-
soning that will not be sustained by an enlight-
ened public. I desire that the responsibility
shall rest upon them, where it belongs, if this
measure is to fail as it did fail to-day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my friend will allow
me, as the Senator from Kansas occupies the
chair and is defenseless, perhaps I ought to
state that the point wherein he wished to go
further was to secure woman suffrage.
Mr. NYE. Well, I will not harm the Sen-
ator from Kansas if he is in the chair, and he
can call my honorable friend from Wisconsin
to the chair if he desires to defend himself.
What I intended to say was that the position
of the Senators to whom I have referred was
entirely indefensible, and therefore I assume
they will not try to defend it.
Now, Mr. President, I say that is not good
logic or good reasoning anywhere, on any sub-
ject. If you cannot get all you desire get what
you can ; hold your vantage ground strongly,
plant your footsteps so that they will stay, and
say at least thus far we have gone, and from this
we will not recede nor be driven, hoping that if
in the future the interests of these people really
require us to go further there will be as wise
men here then as there are now, and they can
apply the remedy necessary to secure to these
men all that even the honorable Senators from
Massachusetts may require.
Sir, the real point of this opposition is, and
I speak now of the position of the honora-
ble Senator from Massachusetts whose seat is
vacant, [Mr. Sumner,] to have no constitu-
tional amendment at all, but to raise a question
full of doubt and the result of which perils the
whole thing. It is to pass a law directly giving
colored men suffrage without any constitu-
tional amendment. For no amendment of the
Constitution will that Senator vote. What I
complain of is that, standing upon that ground,
he should vote to defeat a measure so full of
kindness and so full of power as this, on the
idea of carrying out a whim of his own.
The other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] to whom I always defer for correct
leadership, had an amendment here that was
voted down, and the honorable Senator will
excuse me when I say that from that tim  his
action his been such that he was determined it
should all go down, because his amendment
was not adopted.
Sir, this is the first amendment I have offered
and the first speech I have made' on this con-
stitutional amendment. I am sick of hearing
of it. It has become painful to listen to it.
I repeat what I said to-day, that the old Con-
stitution must be pretty much worn out. I
want to put what little of resurrection we can
in it, and with three or four more votes than
we had to-day we can carry this proposition:
and I hope the Senate by this time have got a
lucid interval, and that they will let us pass it
and send it back to the House, and have some-
thing settled.
Mr. Wilson rose.
Mr. NYE. My honorable friend will be easy
for a moment. I see his spirit moves, [laugh-
ter,] and I will make way for him in a moment.
But, sir, the fact is that if my ameudment does
not prevail the whole constitutional amendment
project will fail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why?
Mr. NYE. Because you cannot get votes
enough for it.
Mr. EDM (JNDS. That is, you will not vote
for it.
Mr. NYE. I will not vote for it. Is that
what you want to know ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. NYE. I will not vote for it because I
consider itperniciousin its influence, and liable
to such criticism that it will be beaten iu every
important State in this Union by at least fifty
thousand majority. The Senator laughs at
everybody's opinion shut his own. Sometimes
others laugh at his. I do not believe that in
his Green Mountain State there is a majority
of that people who think with him on this sub-
ject. Take this proposition in the great State
of New York and it will be overwhelmingly
beaten without regard to its former majority ;
and why ? Because, as the honorable Senator
from Michigan has stated, you, at least by infer-
ence, leave the power to exclude others both
from the enjoyment of the ballot and of holding
office. 'That implication, if it can be drawn,
would be ruin to the whole proposition every-
where, in the State where I live, in the State of
New York, or the State of Vermont or Michi-
gan or Minnesota. Therefore, I hope that my
amendment will be adopted, that we shall con-
cur in the proposition of the House, and have
this subject quieted as far as it goes. Sir, I
have an abiding faith that if it does not go far
enough to reach the real point, those who come
after us will reach it more certainly than we
can do now. I would secure to these men the
boon of the ballot, and I am willing to risk the
holding of office to their ballots when that is
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels it his duty to state that the amendmeut
moved by the Senator from Nevada is not now
