1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
armies than the loyal men of the South. Par
be it from me to take one jot or tittle from the
meed of praise to which the northern loyalist
is entitled. I regard the zeal and devotion of
the masses of the people of the North to the
cause of the Union in the late struggle as pass-
ing all praise. The labors in and contribu-
tions of the loyal North to the cause of our
country in time of peril, the heroic and self-
sacrificing spirit which exhibited itself in every
northern State, are, and ever must be, the glory
and boast of every true American. The loyal
men of the South will be the last to detract
from the praise due to the patriot soldiers,
the patriot statesmen, or the patriot people of
the North.
But the slur which has been attempted to be
cast upon the loyal men of the South by the
honorable Senator from Michigan is alike un-
called for and undeserved.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from South
Carolina will permit me to' make a remark 
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I have cast no slurs upon
the loyal men of the South. I intended to
cast no imputation upon them. On the con-
trary, I spoke in their praise for all the acts
of loyalty which they did, and for all the words
of loyalty which they spoke, and I cannot per-
mit the Senator from South Carolina to put
me in so odious a position as he seems to be
endeavoring to do at present.
Mr. SAWYER. I am glad to be corrected
if I have misrepresented the language of the
gentleman; but it gave me the impression that
he held in light esteem the services which had
been rendered by the loyal m§n of the South.
If I understood his language correctly, he inti-
mated that their loyalty was rather of a nega-
tive than a positive kind. The impression that
his language conveyed to my mind was that
they deserved very little more than those
who, entertaining different opinions, were alike
passive with them.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I was speaking of that class of so-called
loyal men at the South who did no act and
underwent no sacrifices in behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the Union, but who stayed at home
and remained silent. B'ar be it from me to
disparage or underrate any act evincing loyalty
among southern loyalists. I have done no
such thing, and no such thing is in my heart,
or ever was. I spoke of the neutral, silent
portion of the so-called loyalists of the South.
Mr. SAWYER. I am quite satisfied that
the honorable Senator from Michigan would
not willingly do injustice to the loyal men of
the South. I only took the impression which
his language seemed to me naturally to convey.
If I am in error in regard to the proper inter-
pretation of that language, I am very glad to
be corrected. The language of the Senator,
as reported in the Globe, is as follows:
"Thebest that can he said of them is that they
were neutral and silent, friendly to the old Govern-
ment at heart, but timid and inefficient imts defense.
They stayed at home enjoying their property, main-
taining a discreet silence, hut at the same time trad-
ing with the rebels at home, carrying on their business
there, making money, and amassing fortunes."
Mr. President, I admit much that is there
said. I admit that there were large classes of
people in the South, and there are to-day large
classes of people in the South, who claim to
have been loyal men during the war, who did
precisely what the honorable Senator from
Michigan says they did; but those are not the
men whom we at the South class as loyal men.
That is not the class of men for whom we would
ask that remuneration should be made for their
property taken for public uses. When we
speak of loyal men we mean those men whose
loyalty is so well established that it was per-
fectly well known to the rebels in whose midst
they lived.
Mr. President, the loyal men of the South
did pay taxes to the rebel government. Re-
fusal to do so would have been to incur danger
to person and property, with no chance of
benefit to the country—a useless martyrdom.
The loyal men of the South did speak out
against the rebellion whenever it was possible
to do so. _ They were not unknown in the com-
munities in which they resided. The citizens
of my State knew who of their fellow-citizens
were loyal and who were otherwise. These
loyalists were tracked by spies; every word
and motion watched and reported to agents of
the so-called confederate government; and it
may well be imagined that wise men would
hesitate to take the position of open and ac-
tive hostility to a government which had the
will and the power to suppress any such oppo-
sition in the most summary manner unless the
expression of such hostility might clearly aid
the national cause.
But if the honorable Senator thinks that the
position of loyal men in the South was an easy
one ; if he thinks that because no loyal tax-
collector could reach them, because no loyal
recruiting officer could approach them, their
couch was a bed of roses, I can only wish
that Senator with his enthusiastic loyalty, with
his devotion to his country, with his hatred of
the slaveoeracy, with his love of freedom, had
spent a few, only a few, weeks in a rebel State
during the rebellion. He might then, per-
haps, have been in a condition to judge more
correctly the suffering and the losses of Union
men in the South. And here, Mr. President,
let me say that the loyal men of the South are
not afraid of " treading too heavily on the toes
of the surviving soldiers of the Union" by
asking that their just claims shall be allowed.
They have had large experience of the manli-
ness, good faith, and sense of justice which
pervade the ljiinds of the "surviving soldiers
of the Union Army," and they know whereof
they speak when they assert that the surviving
soldiers of the Union appreciate full well, nay,
much better than does the honorable Senator
from Michigan, their real sufferings.
But, Mr. President, this is not a case which
should be decided by comparison of sufferings
or sacrifices between the men of the North and
the Union men of the South. It rests upon a
question of quite another character. It is
simply a matter of justice. Shall the loyal cit-
izen of the United States, that citizen who has
never violated by thought, word, or act his
allegiance to his Government, who resided in
South Carolina and furnished supplies to the
United States during the war, be refused pay-
ment for such supplies, while the citizen of
Michigan who did the same thing is paid, and
paid promptly?
Honorable Senators say yes. They tell us
we were public enemies; all the books say so.
But can the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts or any other Senator on this floor deny
that when he comes to such a conclusion he
feels that his sense of justice is violated ? Does
not every manly sentiment, every dictate of
right, point in an opposite direction ? Do not
Senators know that during the entire period of
the war acts of national legislation, executive
proclamations, military practice, and execu-
tive action were based on a different idea ?
If the doctrines now laid down here were
always the true ones, why was it that all
branches of the Government made a distinction
between the loyal and disloyal citizens of States
in rebellion ? Why is it that during the entire
period of the war southern loyalists have been
taught by the practice of the Federal Govern-
ment that they were considered as friends and
not enemies.; and now that the war is over,
now that the victory is won, now that our
hopes are attained, our heart's desire gratified,
and we see the flag which we regarded as the
emblem of right, law, order, and civilization
floating once more over our cities and our
fields, we are gravely told that we have been
public enemies, and they, the loyal men of the
South, have no rights which the nation is bound
to respect ?
Sir, it is well that the loyal men of the South
were not aware of their position, if this was
their position, while the war was flagrant.
They did not have to go to Vattel to find out
how they stood in fact. Their hearts told them
where they were as citizens of the United
States. The people of the North did not go
to Vattel to ascertain what position was held
by the loyalists of the South. The soldiers of
our Army did not go to Vattel to find out who
were public enemies. Whe  immured in rebel
prisons they found out who were their friends
and the friends of their Government, and you
cannot more thoroughly shock the sentiments
of the great masses of the people than to
declare the doctrine that the loyal men of the
South were public enemies.
While I leave to abler hands than mine the
task of exposing the fallacy that all the citi-
zens of the States in insurrection were in pre-
cisely the same legal relation to the national
Government regardless of their political beliefs,
opinions,- and acts, and while I am sure that
this theory is false, I nevertheless regard it as
of slight moment. For, in view of the past
action of Congress, in view of the common
opinions of the people, in view of the manifest
equities of the case, I am sure the Congress
of the United States will never consent to act
on such a theory. Broader principles rmrst
prevail in determining our action. The appli-
cation of those principles to each case will be
a matter of labor and difficulty. I am well
aware that there will be large numbers of
claims for compensation. But I believe that
the number will' be much smaller than many
Senators suppose; and I have no doubt that
Congress will he able to establish such rules
of evidence and apply such tests of loyalty as
will effectually guard against the payment of
claims held by rebels.
No reasonable person expects that the loyal
citizen of Alabama whose house was destroyed
by the bombardment of the town where he
lived by our troops should be compensated for
it. Nor is it expected that losses incurred by
general measures, such as the blockade, the act
of emancipation, the march of our Army, the
destruction of buildings and crops on a field
of battle, should be made good to loyal men
who happened unfortunately to incur them. It
has been said that our generals did not priiiit
their guns away from loyal men's houses when
they threw shot and shell into towns occupied
by rebels. True ; such discrimination was an
impossibility; but when our generals marched
victorious into such towns, they were careful
to protect the property of loyal men when they
were known to be such. Our generals had not
read Vattel and Puffendorff, or if so had read
a different chapter from that cited by the learned
Senators on the other side of the Chamber. I
shall not attempt to draw the line between
claims which should be paid when made by
loyal men and those which should not be paid.
But I am sure the line can be drawn, and some
measure is practicable by which substantial
justice may be reached, and that there is less
danger in paying a few millions too much for
these claims than there is in establishing as
the law of the ca'se the principles laid down by
the honorable Senatorsfrom Massachusetts and
others.
I trust, Mr. President, that no Senator on
this floor who was a citizen of a southern State
during the late rebellion may be met by the
taunt of any of his constituents who may have
been rebels that his loyalty to his Government
has availed him nought; that he, like them,
was in the eye of the law and for all practical
purposes a public enemy ; that his claims for
his country's consideration are no more valid
than those of the rebel whose hands are blood-
iest. Southern loyalists do not desire this treat-
ment. Scrutinize never so narrowly every
claim of the kind presented now, sift the evi-
dence as to validity and amount of claim never
so thoroughly, demand the most undoubted
and unquestionable proof of loyalty, but do
not say to him who has stood all your tests,
who has established beyond question his claims,
'• We can give you nought but sympathy. You
were a public enemy within the purview of the
law, and you must abide the fate of traitors
though you hated the treason."
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I did not
intend to make any remarks upon this bill; but
