1869.
the congressional globe.
1801
in order. The question now is on concarring
in the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole. The amendment of the Senator
from Nevada goes to the extent of striking out
all after the enacting clause of the resolution.
The first thing in order is to perfect, so far as
we can, the pending question. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada will be in
order when the Senate shall have concurred in
the. amendment made in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. NYE. In all questions of parliamentary
rules and laws I am quite in the habit of de-
ferring to the President's opinions, but I desire
to ask the President a single question, if it is
in order. When the Senate have concurred in
this amendment shall I not be too late to offer
mine ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . No, sir; the
Senator's amendment will then be in order.
Mr. NYE. Can I then move to strike out
that which has been agreed to ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With other
parts attached. The • Senator can move to
strike out the whole proposition then.
Mr. NYE.- I have one little favor to ask,
and that is that the Chair will consider the
amendment as in when it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution is now in the Senate, and the ques-
tion is on concurring in the Senate with the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole,
and a proposition to strike it out is not now in
order.
Mr. NYE. I want to know if I can offer it
again ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that it will be in order in the Senate
after this question is disposed of.
Mr. NYE. I regret that the Chair did not
announce his decision before I made my speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not like to interrupt the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Nevada that whenever he
chooses to do so he can make his amendment
in order at once by moving to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate concurred in the
amendmentraade as in Committeeof the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And that is the only way.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Nevada seems to be laboring under some
excitement. Men when under the influence
of excitement or passion are quite apt to utter
improvident and unjust words. The Senator
spoke under manifest excitement, and has ut-
tered unkind and unjust words. He sharply
criticises the action of the Senators from Mas-
sachusetts, compliments their action in the past,
and reproaches them for their action to-day.
My colleague is not here to speak for himself,
but the Senator well knows that my colleague
believes that Congress possesses ample power
to secure suffrage to the colored race by legis-
lation. He knows that my colleague deems it
inexpedient to submit to the State Legislatures
any amendment whatever. While, however,
he is opposed to the submission of any consti-
tutional amendment, he doubtless desires, if
one is submitted, it shall in its terms accom-
plish its desired object. That desire unques-
tionably influenced his action in striving to
refer the whole matter to a committee of con-
ference, and in voting down the House propo-
sition with a view to take up the proposition
of the Judiciary Committee, which secures the
right to hold office.
Sir, the Senator from Nevada says that I
proposed a constitutional amendment which
has failed, and that since that failure 1 have
not been anxious to pass any amendment at
all. The Senator was never more mistaken
than he has been in making this unjust and
unkind accusation. The House sent to us an
amendment of the Constitution. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] proposed to amend
it by substituting the proposition of the Judi-
ciary Committee. That proposition denied to
the States the power to discriminate among
citizens in the right to vote and hold office on
account of color, race, or previous condition of
servitude. I moved to amend the amendment
by substituting for it a more comprehensive,
just, and liberal proposition. My amendment
provided that there should be no discrimina-
tion in the elective franchise or the right to
hold office on account of race, color, nativity,
property, education, or creed. This amend-
ment to the amendment was carried by four
majority, was substituted for the House prop-
osition, and agreed to by a vote of 40 to 16.
My amendment was thus sustainedby the action
of the Senate. The House, by an immense
majority, refused to concur in the amendment
and asked for a committee of conference. I
desired that the Senate should insist on the
amendment and concur in the appointment of
a conference committee, for I believed that a
committee of conference could readily agree to
an incorporation into the House proposition
of the right of persons of color to hold office,
or agree to the proposition of the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, or agree upon some
other form that should express the desire of
the two Houses. I voted against receding from
the Senate amendment. After the Senate voted
to recede I moved to amend the House propo-
sition by adding to the right to vote the right
to hold office. That proposition being prop-
erly declared out of order, I moved to lay the
House proposition on the table, with a view to
take up, not my own proposition, but the prop-
osition of the Judiciary Committee. Being
voted down on those two test propositions, I
was driven to the alternative of abandoning
altogether all hope of securing to colored citi-
zens the right to be voted for as well as to vote
or to vote for the defeat of the House propo-
sition. I voted, therefore, against the House
amendment to the Constitution that did not
secure to colored citizens the right to hold
office with a view to take up and pass the Judi-
ciary Committee's proposition that does secure
to colored men the right to hold office. The
House amendment has been defeated, the prop-
osition of the Judiciary Committee is before
us, and I intend to give it a cordial support.
If the honorable Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] who has the care of the proposition,
will adhere to it, I assure him that I shall fol-
low his -lead, although he took occasion to
express this afternoon his fears that we would
embarrass the proposition by amendments. I
assure the Senator from Nevada, under whose
lead I propose to act, that I, too, have no pride
of opinion; that I care not whether the propo-
sition originate in the Senate or in the House,
or who shall be the author of it. All I ask—
and that I intend to insist upon until all hope
of securing it fails—is that the amendment to
the Constitution shall deny to the States the
power to exclude from the exercise of the right
to vote and the right to hold office the colored
race, numbering nearly one eighth part of the
population of the United States.
To the Senator from Nevada, who. in the ex-
citement under which lie is laboring this even-
ing, accuses me of the desire of having no
amendment unless I can carry my own, I have
to say, that when I found the just and generous
amendment I had proposed, and which had
received the sanction of the Senate, was so
decisively rejected by the Representatives of
the people I regretfully bat readily abandoned
it. Although it encountered local interests, nar-
row views, conceits, and notions of portions
of our countrymen, I believe it to be truly re-
publican, broadly liberal, and eminently just.
The time is not perhaps ripe for its adoption;
but if the spirit of a refining, elevating, Chris-
tian civilization shall continue to advance the
time will come when the citizens of the United
States will not be restricted in their civil and
political rights and privileges by the race to
which they belong, the color of their skin, the
place where they were born, the property they
may possess, the education they may have ac-
quired, or their religious belief.
During more than thirty years I have be-
lieved in the equal rights of man, and have
humbly endeavored to secure equality of rights
and privileges of all my countrymen. I care
not to what race a citizen, of the Republic may
belong, where he was born, what may be his
possessions, what may be his intellectual cul-
ture, or his religious faith, I reeognize him
not only as a countryman, a fellow-citizen, but
a brother, given by his Creator the same rights
that belong to me. I should be ashamed -td
look any fellow-citizen of mine in the face and
deny to him the possession and fall enjoyment
of any civil or political right I ask for myself.
While I am ever looking forward to the ooaxi
plete attainment of the equal civil and political
rights of citizens of the United States; while!
am striving to accomplish that grand result, I
am ever ready to act so as to accomplish the
most that can be accomplished in the immedi-
ate present. If it is the determination of Con-
gress not to incorporate into the constitutional
amendment the right of our colored fellow-
citizons to hold office as well as to vote I shall
bow to its decision and vote for securing suf-
frage. I fear, however, that our fellow-citizens
ot the South, especially of Georgia, will feel
that our action will be an inspiration to those
who are opposed to their civil and political
rights. I fear, too, that the enemies of the
black man, those who would keep them, if not
in slavery, in serfdom, those who would give
them neither civil nor political rights, will taunt
us with our weakness, will say that we are actu-
ated not by a sense of justice, but by the love
of power; that we are willing that citizens of
African descent shall vote for us, but shall not
vote for citizens of their own race, whatever
may be their intellectual or moral worth or
services to their race or their country.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator if it is not in perfect harmony with all that
he has ever said and done to have the colored
people vote? That seems to be as far as we
can go. What I complain of is that if you
cannot get the ell you will not take the inch.
Mr. WILSON. I would if I thought we
could get no more.
Mr. NYE. It is very evident you cannot.
I am willing to go as far as the Senator; but I
am not willing to throw away everything.
Mr. FOWTLER. Mr. President, I am a be-
liever in the principle that every American cit-
izen by virtue of his manhood is entitled to all
the rights of a citizen, and that the only limit-
ations that can be placed on the rights of the
citizen are those which are necessary to carry
out the spirit of the liberty of the individual.
No other limitations can be placed upon his
rights. Now, how is it with the present amend-
ment? His right to vote is only guarantied to
him to the extent that he shall not be debarred
from its exercise on account of his race, color,
or previous condition of servitude. Those alone
are protected by the amendment who are of an
inferior race and have been in servitude. All
the other rights or attributes of his manhood
are left naked and exposed to the tyranny of
either State Legislatures or the national Legis-
lature.
When an amendment was proposed which
gave to the individual the right to vote by vir-
tue of his own manhood it received only five
votes here. That illustrates the sincerity of
the faith that has been so often asserted here
and elsewhere, that certain individuals were in
favor of a man's voting on the basis of his own
personal individual worth. But there is no
such proposition as that now before us. The
proposition that aimed to place the citizen upon
universal ground has been voted down, receiv-
ing but five votes; and although we heard au
eloquent speech here in defense of the prin-
ciple of manhood suffrage, yet the individual
who made it, when called upon to vote upon
that principle, voted against it.
Again, I wish to call attention simply to the
fact that the limitations in this amendment as
to race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude do not cover all the rights of the indi-
vidual, and that the Government of the United
States may limit his right to vote on all other
