132
APPENDIX TO HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Kerr. 40th Cong....3d Sess.
It is said that if Congress has no power to
create a corporation to build a railroad con-
trary to the constitutions and laws and without
the consent ot' the States through which it may
run, it follows that the commerce of the States
might thus be locked up or prevented from
passing over the borders of their neighbors. To
give this suggestion the character or dignity of
argument you are compelled to assume that it
may some time become the policy of the States
to prohibit the doing of what all the people and
all their interest demand shall be done, that
human nature will wholly change, that self-in-
terest will forget its office, that society will
commit suicide. When these things happen
we will have but little use for Congress, States,
or railroads.
But wo are also told that States of this
Union sometimes have undertaken, by the ex-
ercise of prohibited powers, to tax either pas-
sengers or commerce which may pass over their
territory in one or another kind of public con-
veyan#, and that therefore Congress has this
power and ought to exercise it. I concede
again, for the sake of the argument, that this
assumption is true. The States have, in a very
few instances, stepped so far outside of their
reserved powers in the Union as to attempt to
impose this kind of burdens. The little moun-
tain State of Nevada, not four years ago, un-
dertook to impose a tax on every passenger
carried out of the State by any railroad or stage-
coach, and what was done? What is always
done in a case like this? What is the remedy
of the citizen, what is the remedy of the coun-
try, against any unjustified and unauthorized
exercise of power like this? An appeal to the
courts of the country, to the judicial tribunal
whose duty it is as the tribunal of last resort
to say what powers they are that the Constitu-
tion of the United States denies to the States
of this Union. This was promptly done in ref-
erence to the law of Nevada, and it was an-
nulled by the Supreme Court. (6 Wallace, 35.)
Iu every instance, therefore, where a powerof
this kind has ever been attempted to be exer-
cised by any State of this Union appeal has
been made to the Supreme Court, and in every
case where the power has been unconstitution-
ally exercised it has been so adjudged by the
judicial powerof the country; and the people
have thus been protected, the States havethus
been vindicated in their rights, the true limita-
tions upon the powers abiding in the States or
in the Federal Government have thus been pre-
scribed and maintained, and nobody has been
materially injured by the result.
Mr. Speaker, the Constitution declares that—
" No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State.
'"So proterenco shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
ovei those ot another: nor shall vessels bound to or
from on > State be obliged to enter, clear, or pay
dulie* m another."
These are limitations of the power of Con-
gress iu favor of free trade and equality of com-
mei cial rights between the States.
Hie Constitution also declares that—
" Xo State shall, without the consent of the Con-
gress, hiy any impostsor duties oil imports or exports,
except what may be absolutely necessary for exe-
cuting its inspection laws; and the net produce of
all duties and imposts laid by any State on imports
or exports shall be for the use of the Treasury of the
Uni ed States; and all such laws shall besubjectto
the revision and control of the Congress."
It is also declared that—
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress,
lay any duty of tonnage."
Now, these are all limitations upon the power
of the States in favor of free trade and equal
commercial privileges between the States of
this Union. If any one of those constitutional
provisions or prohibitions is violated by any
State, does a citizen of the country lack a com-
plete, a most adequate remedy under the Con-
stitution and laws as they stand to-day? Why
indulge in this kind of legislation? Is it
necessary to protect the citizen? No, Mr.
Speaker ; no such necessity exists. There is
nothing in the history of the country to justify
any assumption of this kind. On the contrary,
in every instance where this kind of violation
has been attempted by any of the States, it has
been promptly and most completely annulled
by the Supreme Court. These provisions of
the Constitution execute themselves. They
need only the aid of the Federal judiciary to
enforce them all over the country. They need
no statute of the United States; they do not
require that Congress shall undertake to ex-
tend its all grasping hand into the States of
the Union and take charge of all their local
and domestic policies, and undertake to con-
trol and regulate the conduct of all their local,
municipal, and internal business and com-
merce. The very contrary is required by every
dictate of sound policy, of justice, and of
statesmanship.
I ask gentlemen if there is to be no end in
this country to the disposition on the part of
Congress to increase its power, to swallow up
one after another the jurisdictions and powers
that have hitherto throughout our entire
national history been exercised by the States
of this Union? Is nothing to be left to the
control and regulation of the citizens them-
selves? Is nothing to be left to the law—the
common, God-created, self-executing law of
intelligent self-interest, the law of original per-
sonal liberty, which makes it the right, the
inherent, undelegated right, of every citizen
to regulate all of his private affairs, all matters
of private contract connected with his busi-
ness? Are all of these to be invaded, and all
the people, and all their material interests to
be taken under the guardianship of this central
Government?
Mr. Speaker, when I last had the attention
of the House on this bill I replied to most of
the positions of my colleague on the commit-
tee which were of a general character, and I
now bog the ear of the House to some discus-
sion of his propositions based upon different
provisions in the Constitution.
First, then, I will iuquire concerning the
power of Congress to create corporations. No
such power is expressly granted. It is not
claimed by any intelligent public man to have
been so granted. The history of the Constitu-
tion shows that a proposition to confer upon
Congress, by appropriate words, such power
was rejected by a very large majority in the
constitutional convention. (See Elliot's De-
bates, vol. 5, page 543.)
Alexander Hamilton, in his great argument
in 1791, on the right of Congress tocharterthe
United States Bank, conceded the entire ab-
sence of any express or substantive grant of
such power in the Constitution; but he claimed
that the right existed as an incident to other
powers which were expressly granted, and that
it could only be rightfully exercised in those
cases in which such a corporation was a neces-
sary and proper means or instrument for the
execution of such expressly granted power.
As Congress was expressly empowered to levy
and collect large revenues and borrow money
for the uses of the Government, he insisted that
it might create a great financial corporation as
a necessary and proper instrument to aid in the
administration of its finances.
In the great case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland, (4 Wheaton, p. 411,) which involved
the question of the validity of the charter of
that bank, Chief Justice Marshall, in 1819,
speaking of the alleged power of Congress to
create corporations, said:
"The power of creating a corporation is neverused
for its own sake, but tor the purpose of effecting
something else. No sufficient reason is therefore per-
ceived why it may not pass as incidental to those
powers which are e.Ypre/tily given if it be a direct
mode of executing them."
In 18"24 the same great jurist, in the case of
Osborn ps. United States Bank, (9 Wheaton, p.
860,) speaking of the alleged power of Con-
gress to create corporations generally, said :
II It has never been supposed that Congress could
create such corporations. The whole opinion of the
court in the case of McCulloch vs. The State of Mary-
land is founded on andsustained by the idea thatthe
bank is an instrument which is necessary and proper
for carrying into effect the powers vested in the Gov-
ernment of the United States."
In perfect harmony with these judicial de-
cisions are the opinions of every other enlight-
ened jurist or statesman in our country's his-
tory, except many of the early fathers, who
earnestly insisted that these interpretations gave
too much power to the Federal Government
and exceeded the limits of safety and sound con-
struction. In my j udgment, they go to the verge
of reasonable and just construction, and ought
never to be extended further. -
What is to be the test of the existence of
implied power to do anything? Is it the will
of Congress only? Or must the thing to be
done possess certain characteristics which es-
tablish its rightfulness? On this point, too,
Chief Justice Marshall has laid down a clear
and safe rule. He :
"Let the end be legitimate; let it be within the
scope of the Constitution; and all means which are
appropriate, which are plainly adapted to that end,
and which are not prohibited, but consist with the letter
and spirit of the Constitution, are constitutional."
(McCulloch vs. Maryland, 4 Wheaton, 421.)
Apply this test to the assumptions of power
contained in this bill, and who can answer
that such corporations, with such powers and
franchises, possess the elementsrequired ? But
I will make this more apparent as I proceed.
I conclude, therefore, that Congress has no
power to create any corporations, except such
only as are necessary and proper, and possess
the characteristics prescribed by Mr. Marshall,
or constitute a direct mode for the execution of
some expressly granted power. Such cases are
fortunately very few. The domain of congres-
sional power does not extend to or require the
creation of private corporations or monopolies
to be controlled by the Federal Government
and destroy the rightful jurisdiction and vitality
of the States.
Then where does Congress obtain the right
to enter a State and tamper with her corpora-
tions, and entice them by the promise ofprivi-
leges and franchises denied them by the State
on grounds of domestic policy, or drive them
by the threat of a diminution of those privi-
leges and franchises to desert their allegiance
and repudiate their obligation to the State and
seek protection under the ampler wing of the
Federal Government. To justify the exercise
of such great and dangerous powers within the
States and in defiance of their constitutions and
laws those who assert their existence ought to
be able to point to some clear and explicit
grant of them in the Constitution. This can-
not be done. They are driven to seek refuge
in construction, in implication, which is itself
always dangerous, and ought to be vigilantly
guarded against by the legislator. I do not
mean to assert that implied powers do notexist,
or that they are not sometimes highly benefi-
cial, but rather that they should never be
appealed to or exercised except in aid of some
expressly granted power.
I now proceed to consider some of the
results of such measures, which will be found
to be more intolerable than the assumption of
the power itself. The laws of Congress, con-
stitutionally enacted, become the supreme law
of the land. When Congress rightfully creates
a corporation, or, what is the same thing in
principle, confers new privileges and franchises
on State corporations to be exercised under
Federal authority and protection, such laws
necessarily override all State legislation, and
such corporations become means or instruments
of the Federal Government in the execution
of some of its expressly granted powers. Such
corporations, with all their property, are thus
by the greedy hand of Federal power snatched
from the rightful control of the States and sub-
jected to the exclusive management of the
former. If the States are thereafter allowed
to exercise any control whatever over them for
