1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
differently npon the same proposition. It voted,
in the first place, foT a certain proposition, and
then it reconsidered the vote and rejected that
proposition ; and so the Senate has been vacil-
lating upon this question.
Mr. OONKL1NG. It voted down this very
proposition that is now pending, reported from
the committee, two or three times.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly it has rejected
the identical proposition now before the Sen-
ate ; and there is no more reason to suppose
that it will reject the amendment offered by
the Senator from Michigan because it rejected
it the other day than there is to suppose that
it will reject the proposition now pending be-
cause it rejected it on a former occasion.
Now, sir, the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Michigan is one that meets the
case. It is a plain and explicit declaration of
what we mean ; because if there is any effect
to be given at all to the proposed amendment
of the Constitution it is to extend to the de-
scendants of the African race in this conntry
the right to vote and to hold office. That is as
far, I suppose, as we propose to go. That is
what we profess to desire, and when we use
these wordsof circumlocution which we employ
here weseem to be trying to do something which
we are afraid to say in so many words that we
desire. I hope that this amendment will receive
the support of the Senate. It seems to me to
be altogether preferable to the one that has been
reported by the committee.
Mr. FERRY. I voted for this proposition
the other day because I deemed it to be exactly
adapted to remedy the evil for which we are now
legislating. We are not proposing an ordinary
act' of legislation, but a change in the very
organic law of the Republic. No such change
should take place unless some great evil exists
requiring the change. We of the majority here
believe that such an evil does exist, for we
believe that as the law now stands seven hun-
dred thousand of the adult male citizens of
the United States may be deprived by State
action of their inherent rights as citizens of the
Republic; and we know that hundreds of thou-
sands of them actually are to-day deprived by
State action of those rights. That is the evil. It
can only be remedied by a change in the organic
law; and that change, in my judgment, should
go no further than the evil which requires cor-
rection. It is only wise and safe to change
constitutions according to the exigencies which
arise demanding a change. We propose simply
to place citizens of African descent upon the
same footing with other citizens as regards
political rights. Wecandoitplainlv, expressly,
affirmatively: and that the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan accomplishes, while the
amendment now belore the Senate, to which his
is proposed as a substitute, is, in its language,
susceptible of two interpretations, and, above
all, is m its phraseology susceptible of perver-
sion and misapprehension, calculated to excite
prejudices in the minds of great masses of the
people of this country.
Because, therefore, the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan remedies the existing
evil, because it does it in apt and perspicuous
language, because it is free from the capability
of being perverted and misapprehended, I
think we ought to adopt that rather than the
other. Both are intended to accomplish the
Same thing. That thing will be accomplished
by the amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan more surely than by the one originally
before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the question is taken
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Michigan I wish to offer an amendment to
perfect that part of the original proposition
that is intended to be stricken out. After the
word ''States," in the fourth lino. I move to
insert the words " hereafter to be chosen :'! so
that it will read :
That thefo]Iowin£rartictebeproposed to the Legis-
latures of the several Suites, hereafter to ba chosen,
as. an amendment, &c.
I will say a word ia support of this amend-
ment. The same idea has been presented to
the Senate in a different form. I will suggest,
however, that an amendment to the Constitu-
tion ought not to be expected to spring up like
Jonah's gourd, or like a mushroom, in one
night. [Laughter.] I think, on the contrary,
all amendments to the Constitution ought to be
presented deliberately, slowly considered and
adjudged of, and plenty of time given to the
people to reflect upon them, to understand
them, and considerately to decide npon them.
I think that the amendment which I have pro-
posed offers these advantages to the proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution.
Gentlemen suppose that the people have
approved of negro suffrage. I join issue with
them upon that proposition. I have no belief
in the truth of such a position. On the con-
trary,^ it is my deliberate opinion that if the
question of negro suffrage was presented singly
and by itself as an abstract proposition to
amend theConstitution, separate from all elec-
tions, the people of more than three fourth.} of
the States would decide against the proposition.
Now, Mr. President, what would be the
effect if the amendment which I suggest should
be adopted? It would leave the question of
negro suffrage to the people of all the States
in their future elections. There has been no
such submission of the question in any of the
States. I deny that the Legislatures now in
existence in the different States were elected
upon that issue or that that issue came into the
canvasses when they were elected. If it be the
deliberate sentiment of the people of the Uni-
ted States, after a full consideration of the sub-
ject, that negroes should have the rightto vote,
the people of the United States will ratify that
judgment by electing future Legislatures to sus-
tain the principle. When a proposition is
made that will give them that opportunity,
that right, and it is voted down, it shows the
want of faith of the gentlemen who vote it
down in the premises which they assume. It
authorizes me to conclude that they believe
themselves that the settled, deliberate judg
ment of the people of the United States, or
of a majority of the people of the United States,
is agaiust this proposition ; and their refusal
to give the people the right to pass upon it in
a formal election argues and establishes their
indisposition to do justice to the people by
allowing them to decide for themselves whether
it is their pleasure that this amendment of the
Constitution shall be made.
I deny that the people have formed any such
matured judgment upon this issue, and I chal-
lenge men to prove their faith by their works.
If they are satislied that it is the matured sense
and judgmentof tbepeople of the United States
that this inferior race shall be admitted into sin
equal right and an equal participation in the
administration of our Government, let them
submit the proposition to the deliberate and
undisturbed judgment of the people. Do you,
Mr. President, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair.)
believe that the people of Kansas would sustain
a proposition to give negroes the right to vote
after that people at an election, when that ques-
tion was distinctly submitted to them, voted
against it by a majority of more than eight
thousand? Does any unprejudiced man think
the people of the State of Ohio, after having
voted against a similar proposition by a major-
ity of about forty-five or fifty thousand, would,
if this proposition was distinctly submitted to
them,votein the affirmative? Does the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.] who is such an
en thusiastic advocate of the present proposition,
believe that his State, after having voted down
this distinct issue of negro suffrage by a major-
ity exceeding six thousand votes, if it was sub-
mitted to them in an election of members of a
Legislature who were to ratify or reject this pro-
posed amendment— does lie believe that that
State of steady habits would reverse its recent
judgment, declared by a majority of upward
"of s'ik thousand votes, and vote in favor of the
ratification of your proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States ?
Sir, I will go to the State of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.] That
Republican State, among the strongest in the
United States, when brought to the distinct
issue of voting to strike the word " white"
from her constitution, if I recollect tlie form
in which theqaestion was made, voted against
the erasure of that phrase from her constitution
by a majority exceeding twenty-three thousand
votes.
Sir, it is not iri human credulity to believe
that these States would reverse the popular
judgment so distinctly and largely expressed
against this proposition. . It belongs only to
human audacity and human hardihood to as-
sume that those States would so soon reverse
such decisive judgments. No man, I am au-
thorized to say, belfev^s it in candor, because
if he did believe it he would not shrink froia
submitting this important question to the decis-
ion of these several States in a direct issue
upon it. When men vote down every proposi-
tion to submit such an issue to the people of
their respective States and to all the States it
establishes that they do not believe in the posi-
tions which they here declare in the Senate
and to the nation. I deny that men express a
candid conviction when they say that is their
belief, because if they do entertain that belief,
why not silence the clamor of such an objec-
tion ; why not do explicit and nothing butsheer
justice to the people of their respective States
by throwing this question as a distinct issue ia
their next ensuing elections, and let those elec-
tions be decided upon this isssue and upon its
acceptability or the opposition of the people
of their respective States to it? Gentlemen
boast of their love for the people, their devo-
tion to the will of the people. If they were
sincere in the expression of that true sentiment
of republican government they could not in
conscience and reason vote against the propo-
sition which I make.
Sir, this great question ought to be submit-
ted in plain, explicit terms to the deliberate
judgmentof the people of all the States in their
elections for the next members of their respect-
ive Legislatures. That is the honest, the fair,
the democratic mode of submitting the ques-
tion ; none other is or can be. That wdfc'.d
permit the people to come to a fair, deliber-
ate, and unmistakable expression of their judg-
ment in relation to this great iunovatioa upoa
American government. Any other course is
tampering with tbepeople; it is trifling with
them; it is incompatible with the avowed sen-
timent of respect for and obedience to the will
of the people which gentlemen so vauntingly
make. I challenge them, I defy them to maie
this fair issue before the people. They dare
not do it. It requires a majority of the Legis-
latures of three fourths of the States to ratify
this proposed amendment if it should pass the
House of Representatives. But if the ques-
tion was submitted to the people in the delib-
erate mode which I propose in the choice of
the Legislatures of their respective States,
instead of receiving a majority of three-fourths,
I doubt not that if the great question were ex-
amined, debated, deliberated upon by tbepeo-
ple of the respective States commensurate with
its importance, three fourths of the States
would be found to reject it.
Sir, it is a great abuse of the power of amend-
ment to propose it in this way. Ibis Govern-
ment was made by the people; it belongs to
them ; it ought to exist for their good and their
happiness, and they are the appropriate power
to modify it and to direct it, especially in re-
gard to the important principles of the Con-
stitution, the fundamental law. They are un-
faithful public servants who deny to them this
great and important privilege. It in their light
to claim it, and it is only a distrust, a deep,
abiding distrust of the manner in which they
would exercise the right and the correlative
power belonging to it by rejecting this proposed
amendment that prompts members of the Sen-
ate and of the House ot Representatives to vote
against the proposition which I make.
Gentlemen do not stand up to their princi-
ples: they do not stand up to that obedience
and loyalty to the sovereign wilt of the peopls
