1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
of these States in relation to this matter which
they profess. Sir, we hare got on down to the
present time without this innovation on the
Constitution. We could well afford, even for
the sake of peace and of having this great ques-
tion fairly and deliberately and satisfactorily
adjusted, to delay until another Legislature in
all the States should be elected.
Sir, if the men who framed our Constitution
could have anticipated, could have dreamed of
the hot haste, the rude and inconsiderate coun-
sels upon which amendments to the Constitu-
tion are now proposed, they would have cer-
tainly required more time, more deliberation,
upon the part of Congress at least, in entering
upon this important work. Mr. President,
they never dreamed of the present condition
of things having an existence; they did not
believe it possible that it could have an exist-
ence ; that the Legislatures of all the States
should have been elected without any reference
to the important proposition that is now pro-
posed to be embodied in an amendment of the
Constitution, and that when Legislatures were
elected upon wholly different, considerations
of no value whatever compared with the great
and permanent interest and importance of this
amendment any Congress would have the un-
patriotism, the audacity, the reckless disregard
of the Constitution itself and of its great prin-
ciples, to urge forward in the manner in which
we see urged this momentous proposition to
change the Constitution by the action of such
previously-elected Legislatures.
Congress may in the exercise of its discre-
tion fix the time for action : and it ought to do
so in the patriotic exercise of its discretion, in
its desire to have this and all amendments to
the Constitution well considered, matured, put
in the best possible form, and submitted, not
to packed Legislatures, but to Legislatures
reflecting the sentiment of the people they rep-
resent. There is not a man within the sound
of my voice, according to my feeble reason,
who ought not to advocate the position that
this amendment should be submitted, not to
existing Legislatures, but to Legislatures here-
afflfer to be chosen by the several States, and
by all of them. If, with that deliberation, that
pause, and that appeal to the sober sense, to
the patriotism of the people of the United
States, this proposition should be deliberately
ratified by Legislatures thus elected, it might
and would give peace and quiet to the country
in relation to it; but when it is to be urged
forward, to be acted upon, to be accepted by
the Legislatures now in being, gentlemen mis-
take the spirit of the American people, their
devotion to liberty and to constitutional govern-
ment, if they believe that that people will delib-
erately and permanently acquiesce in such an
abuse of power.- I have, therefore, presented
this amendment of thepropo3ition, and I think
that every gentleman ought to give it his assent.
Mr. SACTLSBURY. Mr. President, I al-
ways listen^ with great pleasure to my honor-
able and distinguished friend from Kentucky
when he addresses the Senate. He speaks
with great earnestness, and I have no doubt
with great sincerity; and in the charity of his
nature and the goodness of his heart he sup-
poses that the same sincerity characterizes the
action of all his fellow-men that distinguishes
his own. He has argued this question, Mr.
President, as though it was your desire and
the desire of a majority of this body to pre-
sent this amendment to the calm, honest, can-
did consideration of the American people.
He has told you what an enormous wrong it
would be to present it in any mode that would
not elicit a fair expression of the popular will.
My distinguished friend is not progressive, as
lie has told \is here before. He has not kept
up with the true knowledge of your character
as a progressive party. You do not wish to
progress, j.Ir. President, with and as the peo-
ple progress, but you wish to progress in ad-
vance of the people, and do that in your pro-
gression which the people at the time would
not do, but which you can commit them ,
irrevocably to as having been done under a |
declaration on your part that it was their will
that demanded your action. My learned and
distinguished friend from Kentucky, when he
studies your character a little more closely
and appreciates your purposes a little more
accurately, will discover that he has been la-
boring under a mistake during the past, and
that you really have 110 design by your action
here that the people of the United States
should fairly consider this proposition ; but
such is your love for universal liberty and for
equality before the law that you think it i3
perfectly legitimate, even though I might con -
s'lder it as a kind of "pious fraud," to incorpo-
rate this provision in the Constitution whether
the people desire it or not.
I make this remark that my friend from
Kentucky may no longer labor under the delu-
sion which seems to have possessed him in
the past, and that he may at once, even at this
late day, come to a full and clear apprecia-
tion of your real purposes and your real designs,
and that he will not at this late hour of the
night exhaust himself, while he is edifying us
to be sure, by appealing to yon as though your
only design and object was to do what is right.
Mr. President, I have such a regard for the
Constitution of my country framed by the great
men of the past that I confess I do not like
any attempt whatever to touch, even after the
greatest consideration, the work of their hands.
The Constitution as framed by them with the
twelve original amendments as they are called,
is a charter of liberty and of human freedom
sufficiently expansive for any people.
ButI suggest, Mr. President, that this whole
difficulty in which wa are now placed does not
arise from any imperfect work of the fathers,
nor even so much from any imperfect work of
yours, as it does from a great original imper-
fection before any of us or our fathers had an
existence upon earth. The origin of the diffi-
culty goes even beyond the institution of human
society. Now, if we correct that by an amend-
ment to the Constitution I guess you may have
one a little more perfect than you have before
you. The difficulty to which I allude results
from what was done away back in the bosom
of time when a Being whom we have been
taught to regard as the great Ruler and Gov-
ernor of the universe, the Creator of all, never
having made anything before, so far as there
is any recorded history, came to the conclusion
and in council it was determined upon that
man should be made. First, the earth for him
to live upon was made ; then the sun and moon
and stars; and then man was made. " Let us
make man" was the council of Heaven. And
when Pie proceeded to make man He had not
seen that you had actually lived upon the earth
and in your wisdom had discovered what He did
not see as having actually occurred, whether
He foresaw it or not, and that was the equality
of all men, and that there should be no dis-
tinction between men ; and He created man,
and we find when we come on the stage of
action that this creation of His has different
hues of skin, different mental and moral organi-
zations; we find them inhabiting the earth in
different societies, v/ith different orders of in-
tellect : and I would say different orders of
beings. Now, sir, if he hai only been as wise
as you are and had the experience you have,
He might have made them all just alike, and
that would have got rid of all this difficulty.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, is there any way to get rid of
thedifficulty? Ifyougetrid of that difficulty
you will have no need for any of these pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
L'nited States. I suggest, therefore, Mr. Pres-
ident, as a mode of solving the difficulty, that
you do not incorporate any of these proposed
amendments in the Constitution, but that you
have instead of a fifteenth or sixteenth amend-
ment one that will perfect the whole system,
and let it read :
Article XV.
That 1 here is not now and never shall be hereafter
any distinction of color.
[Laughter.]
If you will just incorporate that into the
Constitution it will be a panacea for all our
political evils ; it will obviate the necessity of
any legislation growing out of the distinction
of color. But if you think that would not do
it, you may put in " that there is not now and
never has been any distinction of race." If'
that will not do, you may put in " that there
never has been any such thing as servitude in
the world, and never shall be," and you will
have it all cured !
But, sir, you may say that this is impossible.
I do not know that. You have all seen swine
neither white nor black, but blue, and it would
be therefore proper, perhaps, that in this
proposed amendment to the Constitution you
should declare that there should be but one
color, and that should be-blue. [Laughter.]
How would you bring that about? I do not,
know how you are going to bring it about. I
only mean to say there is such a thing as blue
swine existing in the world. One hair black
and one hair white makes a blue hog. [Laugh-
j ter.] I have seen a human head well covered
| with hair that presented neither the appear-
j ance of white nor black nor gray, but blue,
j [Laughter.] Now, sir, you had better appoint
1 a special committee of this body to devise a
plan of doing away with the color white, and
: the color black, and so mix them up that it
; shall present blue, and have all mankind of a
blue color. [Laughter.]
I have no doubt that legislators who can
i improve the workmanship of the Almighty are
sufficiently wise and skilled in science as to
produce a mode of doing away with all dis-
! tinetions of color so that there shall be neither
| white nor black, but that the whole race of
men the -world over shall be perfectly blue.
[Laughter.] Or if that should not be the color
best suited, the wisdom of this present age is
adequate to any emergency, and you may adopt
any other color.
But, then, some of my learned friends, and
I apprehend the distinguished occupant of the
chair at the present time, [Mr. Pomeroy]—
without making any improper allusion to the
Chair—will say that the difficulties af Ameri-
can legislation will not all have been over then.
He and other patriotic citizens are distressed
at, the right of voting having been withheld
from the fair sex, and say that true liberty re-
quires that they should exercise the right of
voting. He and they may say that question
will still be behind, and that it will rise up to
vex us. Some of our friends who have argued
in favor of the adoption of this amendment
wish to complete their work at once. Yon
voted down the House proposition to amend
the Constitution to-day, some of you because
it did not go far enough, and when you incor-
porate this amendment in the Constitution you
want it to cover everything, so as to leave noth-
ing in the future to do.
Now, sir, if woman's rights come up to haunt
you, distress you, or even to divert you, to en-
gage your attention in any manner whatever,
if public sentiment is to be put right on that
subject, just incorporate another amendment,
or tack it 011 to this, "that there is not now,
and ne'ver has been, and never shall be, any
distinction of sex " [laughter;] andif you will
do that you have got clear of the distinction of
color, you havo got clear of the distinction of
sex, if people only believe it; and then, during
the remainder of this session, and of the innu-
merable sessions through which I hope, sir,
the representatives of this country shall be
called upon to act, we shall have nothing to
jar our deliberations, but we can devote our-
selves to those great interests common loa bine
people and a people without sex. [Laughter.]
Do your work thoroughly, Mr. President, while
you are doing it, and you will present to an ad-
miring world not only the exampleof the freest
people on the earth, but one which has in a
j very short period from"the time when they es-
I sayedthe experiment of self-governmentsolved
, all the difficulties that could possibly arise in
! the administration of government. "You will
: have nothing to do in the future but attend to
