134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Kerr.
40th Gong....3d Sess.
net-work of railroads, and the great multitude
of persons who thus find compensatory employ-
ment, render our system of railroads a hand-
maid to every other pursuit known to our peo-
ple. It pervades, influences, and promotes the
welfare of every section, farm, and workshop
in the Republic. It has attained* its present
magnificent proportions with no guide but the
unparalleled enterprise and intelligent self-
interest of the people. It has had in the main
no protection except from the States, and no
aid except from individual wealth, with occa-
sional Government subsidies. It has multiplied
the taxable values of the country many times.
It contributes immense sums to the revenues
of the State and Federal Governments. It is
managed with greater skill, economy, and suc-
cess than under Federal superintendence it
could ever attain. The local governments of
the States can afford such legal direction, regu-
lation, and control as it demands with greater
wisdom and better results than any other Gov-
ernment on earth. If such vast interests and
investments were committed to the control of
the Federal Government they could not fail to
accelerate the growth of corruption in connec-
tion with Federal legislation £fnd hasten the
development of centralism, the greatest danger
that now threatens our country.
Itisclaimed that additional railroad facilities
are demanded by travel and traffic between
here and the city of New York. This is an
assertion unsustained by any facts presented
to the House. I entered upon this investiga-
tion with the impression that it had some
foundation. But a most careful and exact
inquiry from reliable and official reports con-
vinces inc that it is utterly baseless. I earn-
estly desire the attention ofthe House to some
facts elicited by my examination. They are
most significant and material to the formation
of any just conclusion.
The ivltole capital to build and equip this
'projected line Irom Washington to New York,
ii,\rtl by this bill, is $10,000,000! More than
iliul sum was spent in the last six years alone
by Um present route in mere improvements to
perfect it. There are expenditures now being
incurred additional of nearly three million dol-
lars to establish new terminal facilities, avoid
the use of horses in Baltimore, and build en-
tirely new passenger equipment. The estimated
capital ofthe present companies now composing
the line between New York and Washington is
§3(1,000,000. The capacity of the present line,
with complete double track now finished, is
almost unlimited. The public much overesti-
mate the travel and revenue of the roads between
New Yorkand Washington. Whilethegrossrev-
enues of the companies in the entire line exceed
ten millions per annum, the whole receipts for
thronghtravel between New York and Washing-
ton do not reach one million per annum during
theyearssincethewar. There are three through
trains a day between New York and Washing-
ton provided and regularly run, with a capacity
and accommodation for twelve hundred pas-
sengers in both directions, while the actual
number carried in the past twelve months aver-
ages but two hundred and seventy-nine daily !
The gross number of passengers carried be-
tween New York and Washington in both
directions in the past twelve'months is only
one hundred and two thousand, which paid to
the line a gross revenue of only 8840,000.
The relatively heavy local and way business
constitutes the chief source of revenue arising
tiom the numerous populous towns and cities
along the route. For instance, for every pas-
■senger that, leaves New York for Washington
fully thirty six others start for Philadelphia or
intermediate points, and while there are but
hree trains a day leaving Washington with
>>ew lock passengers with an average of one
hundred and thirty-nine and a half passengers,
or forty-six and a half to a train, there are nine
trains a day leaving Washington for Baltimore,
and only one thirty-sixth of the business be-
tween New York and New Brunswick is for
Washington, or one hundred and two thousand
passengers in both directions, against three mil-
lion six hundred and fifty-six thousand nine
hundred and seventy-eight passengers arriving
and departing at New York.
It is not the profit made upon the New
York and Washington travel, therefore, which
causes the present line to oppose the charter-
ing of another route by Congress, but it is the
tendency of such action by Congress to lessen
all railroad values and make uncertain the ten-
ure and effect of this vast property.
In the United States there are about forty-
two thousand miles of completed iailroad in
operation, which, with some sixteen thousand
miles more in progress and contemplation,
have enlisted a capital of fully $3,000,000,000,
or $400,000,000 more than our whole national
debt. It is this vast interest that will be struck
and invalidated by the opening of the door in
chartering a single road by Congress.
There is no necessity for additional freight
facilities between here and New York, because
the intervening water transportation is cheaper,
is always abundant, and is chiefly used.
The completed English railways now amount
to about fourteen thousand miles, and have
cost on the average, per mile, about two hun-
dred and thirty-five thousand dollars, while
American roads have only cost an average of
about fifty-two thousand dollars per mile. It
is obvious, therefore, that with the continental
extent of our country, our less aggregate
wealth, and insufficient available capital lor
such investments, it would be impossible for
us to build and equip railroads in such com-
pleteness as is done in England. Indeed, in
view of our different national conditions and
circumstances, our system of railroads is one
of the most wonderful achievements recorded
in the history of civilization.
I invite attention in this connection to the
decision of Justice McLean in the United
States vs. The Railroad Bridge Company, (0
McLean's II., p. 517.) The right of eminent
domain in the State is held by Judge McLean
to extend to public lands of which the title is
still in the United States, so far as to enable
the State to authorize the acquisition of ease-
ments over it in the construction of common
highways, or railroads and canals. He says :
" This power is exercised by a State, subject to no
power vested in the Federal (xoverninont. The pro-
prietary right of the United States cau in no lespeet
restrict or modify this exercise of the sovereign
power by a State. It is essential to the welfare of
the citizens of the States that this power should be
exercised. So far as casements by establishing pub-
lic roads arc conccrncd wirhm a State by its Legis-
lature the jurisdiction is exclusive."
And I cannot forego the duty of further citing
the pith and substance of the opinion of the
Supreme Court in the celebrated case of Pol-
lard's Lessee vs. Hagan, the Alabama case, (3
Howard, p. 224.) It is very strongly in point,
and covers the great question of State rights
over its own teuitory in such matters. Tlie
court say:
" When Aliibamawas admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States she succeeded
to all the rights of sovereignty, jurisdiction, and
eminent domain which Georgia possessed at the date
of the cession, except so far as this right was dimin-
ished by the public lands remaining in the possos&ion
and under the control of the United States for tem-
porary purposes provided for in the deed of cession
and the legislative acts connected with if. Nothing
remained to the United States, according to the
terms of the agreement, but the public lands. And
it an express stipulation had been inserted in the
agreement granting the municipal right of sover-
eignty and eminent domain to the United States
suoh stipulation would have been void and inoper- ,
ative, becnus^ the United States have no constitutional j
capacity to exercise Municipal jurisdiction, sovereionty,
or eminent domain within th<° limits of a State or cUe-
where except in the cases in which it is expressly
granted.
The Federal Government has no right to
acquire any territory or jurisdiction in a State j
except for purposes authorized in the Consti- !
tution, and then it must be obtained with the
express consent of the State, not taken, appro-
priated by force, or conquered from the State.
It is urged by my colleague [Mr. Cooic] that
if Congress has not the constitutional right to
go into States and exercise these great powers,
then no consent of the States can confer such
right. I agree that the States cannot confer
new or original powers on Congress except by
constitutional amendments; but it by no means
follows that the States may not cede either ter-
ritory or j urisdiction to the Federal Government
to such extent and for such purposes as are
proper or necessary to enable the latter to
execute its granted powers. The right to do
these things is expressly recognized by the
seventeenth clause of the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution ; and the uni-
form practice of the Government ever since its
organization should be held now to have forever
settled its true construction on this point. It
is believed that every acquisition by the Fed-
eral Government heretofore of territory or
jurisdiction in a State has been made with the
express assent of the State.
The Constitution ofthe United States declares
that private property shall not be taken for pub-
lic use without just compensation. The consti-
tutions of most of the Stales declare that pri-
vate property shall not be taken for public use,
or quasi public use, as for railroads, without
just compensation first made or tendered. But
these ino=t valuable guarantees seem to inter-
pose no obstacles to the power of Congress. It
has bee-n decided that the payment must be
made or securely provided for as a condition
precedent to the appropriation of the property.
(Bonaparte vs. Camden Railroad Company, 1
Baldw. II., 20.3, 218.) This bill is so framed
as to require no respect whatever to be given
by the companies to the safeguards provided
by the people of the States for the property of
their citizens.
In this bill, for example, the company is
authorized " immediately to enter upon, take
pos-"ssion of, and use all such real estate and
proi -ty as may be necessary for the construc-
tion, maintenance, and operation of said rail-
way and the accommodations requisite and
appertaining thereto." But the company is
kindly required afterward to purchase such
property "at a price to be mutually agreed
upon." "And, in case of a disagreement as
to price, and before the final completion of
said railway and its appurtenances, the said
corporation, or the owner or owners of such
real estate or property, shall apply, by petition,
to the justice or justices of the Supreme, cir-
cuit, district or court of the United States hav-
ing jurisdiction in the State or locality in which
said real estate or other property may be sit-
uated, particularly describing the same and
said justice is then required to conduct or direct
various expensive and cumbersome proceed-
ings, which are expected to result in the trans-
fer of title from the individual owner to the
company. Thus the citizen is compelled to
seek his remedy, not in the courts of his own
State, where his rights may be adjudicated in
tribunals of his own choice, but in some remote
Federal court, where its vindication may cost
more than his relief is worth.
It is claimed by the friends of these meas-
ures that Congress obtains the requisite power
to enact them-as an incident to the express
power "to establish post offices and post
roads," and to regulate commerce "among
the several States."
If it can ever be said in this country that the
interpretation of a constitutional provision is
se.ttled, then it may now be said ofthe power to
establish post roads. It has been the uniform
practice of the Government to carry its mails
over the highways of the States, to make them
" post roads" to the extent of their common
use by its mail carriers, but never to open up
and construct great highways for the purpose
