136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Kerr.
40tii Cong. ... 3d Sess.
capable of occupation for any purpose, be-
longs to the State as proprietor, though it may
by grant or prescription become private prop-
erty. (Smith vs. Maryland, 18 Howard, 71;
Pollard's Lessee vs. Hagan, 3 Howard, 212;
Martin vs. Waddell, 16 Peters, 367.)
Over the waters above such soil there are
two legislative jurisdictions: the Federal juris-
diction, for the regulation of commerce with
foreign nations and among the several States ;
the State jurisdiction, for the exercise of its
police and other municipal powers, its right
of eminent domain, and the protection of its
rights of property in the soil.
Although a State holds its title to the soil
under navigable waters subject to the exercise
of certain common and public rights in those
waters, such as taking fish, anchoring, &c., the
right to lay and maintain permanent structures
for conducting commercial intercourse is not
such a public and common right, vested either
in foreigners or in citizens of other States or
in the citizens of the particular State. Such
a right can be derived only from the State by
grant, and does not spring from the public law
or the law of nature.
The power of Congress to regulate com-
merce does not prevent a State from restrain-
ing the manner in which a vessel licensed for
the coasting trade may exercise its common
right of taking shell-fish from the soil of the
State under navigable water. (Smith vs. Mary-
land, 18 Howard, 71.) A fortiori, the com-
mercial power of Congress cannot confer a right
to lay a permanent structure upon such soil
of a State. For example, the court say, ill
Pollard's Lessee vs. Hagan, referred to and
approved in Gilman vs. Philadelphia, that—
"Tbe right of eminent domain over the scores a.nd
the soil under the navigable waters for allmunicipal
pin-poses, belongs exclusively to the States withm their
respective territorial jutisdictions, and-thev, and
they only, have the constitutional power to exercise
it"
How impressively inconsistent with these
high authorities and settled doctrines are the
assumptions of rny colleague that Congress has
as much power to create corporations, to con-
struct railroads, and to regulate the commerce
and business of such roads as it has to appro-
priate public money or lands to aid in the con-
hti uctiou of internal improvements of a national
character, or to improve, remove obstructions
from, or deepen, the channels or mouths of
navigable rivers. He and every gentleman
well knows that the power of Congress over
the public revenue and lands is derived from
well-defined but different grants in the Consti-
tution, and has been settled by the uniform
practice of half a eouturyor more, and affords
no analogy for the powers asserted in this bill.
Our system ol harbor and river improvements,
designed and so well calculated to promote the
interests and safety of botli externa! and in-
ternal, foreign and domestic, commerce, was
never organized in hostility to the just powers
the States, and no such improvements were
ever made, or public moneys so expended,
without the assent of the States within whose
jurisdiction they were made, and no exclusive
jurisdiction over any portion of the soil of the
States was ever thus acquired without the ex-
press assent of the States, and no exemption
of property engaged in the commerce to be
benefited by such improvements from State
and municipal taxation ever in one instance
resulted from the making of such improvements
by the General Government. The justdistine-
tions between the proper regulation of com-
merce and the attempt to create, construct, and
exercise exclusive jurisdiction over the means
and instruments by which commerce is carried
on are thushappily illustrated. These distinc-
tions ought never to be lost sight of.
T might multiply like authorities with those
already cited,butiteannotbenecessary. These
great men were at the birth of our Republic,
and guided and protected by their wisdom and
patriotism it grew great and powerful, and in-
spired mankind every where with new hope and
furnished them a great example. If it is com-
petent for the human mind to comprehend the
just meaning of language or the true intent of
law, it must be that that capacity was possessed
by these men. Their interpretations are al-
most equal as authority to the highest judicial
decisions. The Representatives who, having
sworn to support the Constitution, should make
them their guides as to its true meaning, could
not go far astray, and would certainly shun the
wild chimeras and crotchets and mere partisan
dogmas of this day.
I will yield to the temptation to refer to one
other decision of our Supreme Court, (Veazie
vs. Moor, 14 Howard's Reports, 573,) because
it is the latest, having been made in 1852, and
is the unanimous judgment of the judges then
on the bench of that court, who were Chief
Justice Taney, and Justices McLean, Wayne,
Catron, Daniel, Nelson, Grier, and Curtis. In
discussing the power of Congress to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States the court says :
"The phrase ean never be applied to transactions
wholly internal, between citizens of the same com-
munity, or to a polity and laws whose ends and pur-
poses and operations t are restricted to the territory
and soil and jurisdiction of such community. Nor can
it bo properly concluded that because the products
of domestic enterprise in agriculture or manufac-
tures, or in the arts, may ultimately become the sub-
jects of foreign commerce, tbe control of the means
or the encouragements by which enterpriseis fostered
and-protectedis legitimately within tbe import of the
plirase/oretffu commerce, or fairly implied in any in-
vestiture of the power to regulate such commerce.
A pretension as far reaching as this would extend to
contracts between citizen and citizen of the same
State, would control the pursuits of the planter, the
grazier, the manufacturer, tbe mechanic, the im-
mense operations of the collieries and mines and
furnaces of the country; for there is not one of these
avocations the results of which may not become the
subjects of foreign commerce, and be borne either by
turnpikes, canals, or rail) oads from point to jioinl
within the several States, toward an ultimate destina-
tion, like the one above mentioned. Such a preten-
sion would effectually prevent or paralyze every effort
at internal improvement by the several States; for
it cannot bo supposed that the States would exhaust
their capital and their credit in the construction of
turnpikes, canals, and railroads, the remuneration de-
rivable from 'which, and all control over which, might
be immediately wrested from them, because such public
works_ would be facilities for a commerce which, while
availing itself of those facilities, was unquestionably
internal, although intermediately or ultimately it
might become foreign.
" The rule here given with respect to the regulation
of foreign commerce equallu excludes from the regu-
lation of commerce between the States and the Indian
tribes, the control over turnpikes, canals, railroads, or
the clearing and deepening of water-courses, exclusively
'within the States, or the management of the transporta-
tion upon and by means of such improvements. The
design and object of that power, as evinced in the
history of the Constitution, was to establish a perfect
equality among the several States asto commercial rights,
and to prevent unjust and invidious distinctions which
local jealousies or local and partial interests might be
disposed to introduce and maintain. These were the
views pressed upon the public attention by the ad-
vocates for the adoption of the Constitution, and in
accordance therewith have been the expositions of
this instrument propounded by this court."
These views and authorities constitute a tri-
umphant and authoritative refutation of the
whole system of legislation to which we refer.
Their statements are so clear and reasonable
as to challenge the most careful consideration,
if not to elicit the approval of, every unpreju-
diced mind.
It is not possible, if the history of our coun-
try has any value or contains any truth, that it
was ever intended by the framers of our Fed-
eral Constitution, who were at the same time
pioneers and equally interested in the Organ-
ization of our State governments, that the
former should ever attempt to take the manage-
ment of or legislate for the private and local
affairs and interests of the people in the States.
Such policy is everywhere deprecated and de-
nounced by them as most dangerous to the best
interests of both Governments. They have
always, and with singular unanimity and tenac-
ity, insisted that the chief element in our sys-
tem ot Government, which at once combines
safety to liberty and great strength, is that of
a well-defined and faithfully observed division
of powers between the General and the local
governments. It was their most cherished aim
to establish firmly and to observe faithfully this
division. We cannot cultivate a sounder or
more beneficent policy. Let us devote the
energies of this General Government to its ap-
propriate duties ; to the wise superintendence
of those general interests which pertain to and
can be best administered by it; to its vast
external affairs.
In opposition to all these authorities my col-
league [Mr. Cook] has been able to cite but a
single direct judicial opinion, and that opinion,
just so far as it sustains his positions, is an
obiter dictum. We refer to the case of Gray vs.
The Clinton Bridge et at., (American Law Re-
gister, for January, 1868, page 149,) decided by
Justice Miller, of the Supreme Court, on the
Iowa circuit. The court in that case was re-
quired to pass upon the validity or invalidity
of the act of Congres of February 27, 1867, (16
U. S. Statutes, 412,) and nothing more. The
general questions involved in this discussion
were not presented to the court at all for adju-
dication in that case. The single question
which demanded decision in that case was the
right of Congress to authorize the construction
of railroad bridges across the public navigable
rivers of the United States. It did not touch
the'great question of the power of Congress to
invade the eminent domain of a State, and
appropriate her soil without her consent, either
to erect bridges or railroads. The legitimate
scope of that decision is made apparent by an
examination of the material section of the act
referred to, which reads as follows;
"Section 1." * * * * "That the bridge
across the Mississippi river erected by the Albany
Bridge Company and the Chicago, Iowa, and Ne-
braska Railroad Company,under the authority of the
States of loioa and Illinois, betweenihe townsofChn-
ton, Iowa, and Albany, Illinois, shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be recognized and known as a
post route upon which also no higher charge shall be
made for the transmission over the sameot the mails,
the troops, and the munitions of war of the United
States than the rate per mile paid for their transport-
ation over the railroads or other public highways
leading to the said bridge."
It thus appears that all rights of eminent
domain, or rights to enter upon and appropri-
ate the soil on either side of the river neces-
sary for the ercction of the Clinton bridge,
were obtained by direct grants to the companies
interested from the respective States having
jurisdiction over the same. The only question
that remained, therefore, for the court to settle
was the right of Congress, under the power to
regulate commerce, to legalize the erection of
the bridge over the river. The river is a nat-
ural highway; it is held to come within the
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the
United States, and therefore to be subject to
the control of Congress as to the manner in
which structures or obstructions of any kind
may be placed over it. This limited power,
upon the authorities and for the purposes of
this argument, is conceded. Justice Miller,
acting on these authorities, held, in the case
under consideration, that—
"The act of Congress of February 27, 1SS7, (16
United States Statutes,412.) declaring abridge erected
by a railroad company across the Mississippi river at
the city of Ciinton, in the State of Iowa, ' a lawful
structure and a post route,' is constitutional and
valid."
When the learned justice had thus decided
the case his duty was done, but he did not
consider it his duty to go no further. He pro-
ceeded to express other views on the general
powers of Congress over interstate commerce,
and said:
" For myself, I must say that I have no doubt of the
right of Congress to prescribe all needful and proper
regulations for the conduct of this immense traffic
over any railroad which has voluntarily become part
of one of those lines of interstate communication,
or to authorize the creation of such roads, when the
purposes of interstate transportation of persons and
property j ustify or require it."
This does not attain the dignity of a judicial
decision. It is only fhe personal opinion of
