360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
olutionary, rebellious, insurrectionary act?
They are simply stating the facts; but they
nowhere recognize, nor has this Congress ever
recognized, that they were rebel States, and as
such their action to be recognized by us.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Sir, the question is not
whether their proceedings were valid or not,
but the Question is did the State of Alabama,
as an organized political body, wage war .upon
the Federal Government, or was it a loose,
unorganized insurrection of individuals? I say
that the people of the State of Alabama did
form a constitution and government in hostility
to the Federal Constitution, and under that
hostile government they made war upon the
Union.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question for informa-
tion?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly ; but I do not
wish" to take up the time of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. DAVIS. Only a moment. I under-
stood the Senator to read from the opinion of
Chief Justice Chase in the Milligan case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did.
Mr. DAVIS. The opinion of the Chief Jus-
tice in the Milligan case is not the opinion of
the court; but it is the opinion of a minority
judge against the opinion of the court.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I supposed that every
Senator upon this floor knew that fact; but I
simply cited the opinion of the Chief Justice
to show that he and two or three of the other
justices of the Supreme Court did support me
m the position which I had assumed, and that
I did not advance a proposition here, as the
Senator from Indiana asserted, that was un-
known in judicial proceedings. I have my
own opinion as to whether the majority or the
minority of the Supreme Court were right in
the Milligan case.
But, sir, I think the opinions of Chief Justice
Chase and Mr. Justices Wayne, Swayne, and
Miller, entitle me to say, when I affirm a prop-
osition which they judiciously determine to be
correct, that it is not unprecedented in judi-
cial history, and that it is possible, notwith-
standing the majority of the court decided the
other way, that it may be correct. But, sir,
the proposition which I laid down from the
opinion of Chief Justice Chase was not one of
the controverted points in that case at all, and
there is not one word or syllable in that entire
case that controverts the proposition laid down
by Chief Justice Chase. I read that because
it was a clear and perspicuous statement of the
point which I presented to the Senate, and the
whole opinion of the Supreme Court is entirely
consistent with that position.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. POllliROY. I suppose the Senator
does not intend to conclude his speech to-day.
Willheyieldforamotionfor executive session?
Mr. HOWE. Unless there is some public
necessity for an executive session I prefer to
commence at least what I have to say at the
present time. Whenever the Senate desire an
adjournment I shall give way to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. President, before I go on I feel called
upon to return devout thauks for that sparing
mercy which has watched over and preserved
my life until this late period of time. [Laugh-
ter.] And now, sir, I think myself happy
because at last I shall answer concerning all
the things whereof the principle in this little
bill before the Senate stands accused—" by
the Jews," as the Scripture hath it. [Laugli-
ter.] And first, I wish to make a remark by
way of correcting a misapprehension which I
think was communicated to the press through
inadvertence growing out of the remarks I
made a long time ago, in the opening of this
discussion. I took especial pains at that time,
I thought, to have it understood that in my
own view of this case I made a broad and radi-
cal distinction between the treatment which,
under our laws, is due to a Union man in that
portion of the United States and the treatment
due to rebels there-. I disclaimed, I thought,
expressly and absolutely, all idea that under
our laws we were bound to pay for any prop-
erty taken by the Government from the rebels
in those districts. The dispatches sent to the
press, however, said only so much as this: that
I contended that even if we were not bound to
pay for property taken from rebels, we were
bound to pay: for property taken from Union
men, conveying to the public the intimation
that I had rather insisted upon the doctrine
that we were bound to pay for property taken
from both classes of these people.
And now, Mr. President, having set myself
right on that ])oint, I wish to say a few words
with a view of defining what I understand to
be the position of the Committee on Claims
upon this question. I have before said that to
the merits of this bill the present Committee
on Claims is not committed. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Mokrill] went further
than that the other day, and I understood him
to affirm that whenever and so often as the
principle of this bill had been under discussion
in the Committee on Claims it had been repu-
diated and rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe the
Senator nearly states my position; but my
intention was to state this : that the principle
had never been adopted by the committee;
had been rejected in all our laws: rejected by
the courts, and that even this claim had not
received the sanction of a majority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ANTHONY. As I reported this unfor-
tunate bill originally allow me to say a word.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Claims—I should say unanimously if my friend
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] had not re-
minded me that he dissented, which 1 was not
aware of at the time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That was be-
fore 1 came to the Senate, when I was not a
member of the committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly; it was when
the Senator from New Hampshire, who is now
the district judge of New Hampshire, (Mr.
Clark,) was the chairman of the Committee
on Claims; a man who was as careful as his
successor is, and no man can be more careful
to guard the interests of the Government. He
spoke in favor of the bill when it was passed.
Mr. POMEROY. This case cannot bo here
by virtue of any report made at that time;
that was during the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. HOWE. I have already explained that
th.s bill is here only by the consent of the
members of the committee, and with no rec-
ommendation from anybody in the world.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Sen-
ator from Vermont to say that this principle
had never received the assent of the Commit-
tee on Claims. This bill received its assent;
whether the principle received its assent or
not I do not know. The bill received its assent,
and the chairman of the committee, Mr. Clark,
called up the bill, advocated it, and indorsed
it in the fullest manner, briefly, indeed, but
very fully and completely, aud some other
Senators did, too.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, so
far as my recollection goes, has never debated
as a question of law the principle which 1 un-
derstand to be involved in this bill, but once ;
and that was on the occasion to which I referred
the other day when a report was presented to
the committee upon the claim of the New York
and Virginia Steamship Company, in which a
proposition was submitted,which Iunderstood,
and which I suppose other members of the
committee understood, to embrace that legal
proposition which has been affirmed over and
over again on this floor during this debate ; and
upon the propriety of retaining that clause in
the report there was a debate inthe committee,
and by a vote of the committee it was stricken
out of the report. But I do not think myself
that that vote was an evidence that a majority
of the committee were persuaded the proposi-
tion was wrong in law. That could hardly
have been the ease, since a majority of those
who then constituted the Committee on Claims
have stood here on the floor protesting against
that principle during this debate.
But the Senator from Vermont said, and
undertook to prove, that the committee had
made decisions which were directly in antag-
onism to the principle of this bill. He cited
the case of a report made upon the petition of
a couple of Sisters of Mercy from the city of
Charleston ; and also a report made by the
committee on the petition of one Dennis Sul-
livan. The principle in both those cases, in
my judgment, is widely and radically different
from the principle involved here. Ihe Sisters
of Mercy, who presented their petition to Con-
gress to be paid for ail institution of learning
which had been destroyed during the bom-
bardment of the city of Charleston by our
troops, did not pretend to have any claim upon
the justice of the Government; they appealed
to the equity of the Government, to the liber-
ality of the Government, to the generosity of
the Government. They said that they were
engaged in a work of mercy; they were em-
ployed for the public good always and for the
good of all the public without distinction ; that
their work had been injured by the necessary
and unavoidable accident of war ; that our
Government and its troops had inflicted the
injury, and they thought, the Government in
the exercise of its generosity could afford to
make good those damages. I thought that ap-
plication was rightly founded, and I voted to
grant the prayer of the petition, or at least a
portion- of it; I forget just to what extent I
was in favor of going. This claim of Sue
Murphey is' put upon the ground of an obliga-
tion ; that claim was not put upon the ground
of an obligation at all.
Again, the Senator cites us to the report made
upon the petition of Dennis Sullivan, which
was an application to Congress to pay for prop-
erty not taken by the Government of the Uni-
ted States, but destroyed as an accident of war.
This property, the property for which payment
is asked in this case, was property not destroyed
as an accident of war, does not fall within the
description of what are known as the ravages
of war, but it was property deliberately taken
and appropriated to the use of the Government.
Now, sir, to the contrary of these citations
I wish to call the attention of the Senator from
Vermont and of the Senate to a few reports
which have been made from that committee
and which have received the sanction of this
body, and between which and the case before
the Senate I cannot conceive that there is any
difference, nor do I believe any Senator on this
floor can point out a difference.
The case of Armes, who had a building de-
stroyed during the war, is not exactly parallel
to this, though I think we went further in that
case than we are asked to go in this, since, if
I remember the facts in that case, that was
property destroyed during a battle, for which
we paid. _ I am not sure that I recollect the
facts distinctly, but it was property in Virginia,
and it was destroyed by this Government or
the action of this Government.
The case of Segar has not been assented to
by the Senate, but it has been assented to by
the committee. The Senator from New Jer-
sey _ [Mr. Frelixghcysen] reminds me of a
distinction between that and this case, because
he say3 that was within our lines, and I sup-
pose he means to say that this was not within
our lines. Upon that point the Senator is
already advised that he and I are at issue. I
insist that this was within our lines, also. The
property of Segar was in the State of Virginia,
one of the States which we are so often told
have been declared by the President of the
United States to be in insurrection or in re-
bellion.
Again, this very bill, as you have been told
over and over again, was reported by the Com-
mittee on Claims—not the committee existing
during the last session of this Congress, but
a preceding Committee on Claims; it was
