1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT,
mitted for their consideration, or those that
shall first be elected after that time, if none
should be in existence at that time.
TheideaofgivingCongress the right to select
what Legislature in the future, after the present
Legislature shall die, may pass upon an amend-
ment, would seem to be a theory that the Con-
stitution never intended. I therefore submit
that the amendment offered by my colleague
would be in violation of the Constitution of
the United States, because if we can do what
he proposes to do we can select a Legislature
three years off, or four or five years off, that
shall act upon the constitutional amendment
that we submit. The Constitution does not
mean anything of the kind. The Legislatures
in existence when it is submitted, or if in any
State there be no Legislature in existence the
first one that shall come into existence subse-
quently, are the bodies to which it must be
submitted, clearly.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Mortox] is, at least, a singular one. I
had always supposed that the people were the
source of power in this Government. That
has been the general impression; that our Gov-
ernment was founded on the will of the people.
The Constitution provides that Congress may
propose amendments to the Constitution, to be
ratified either by the Legislatures of three
fourths of the States or by conventions in three
fourths of the States. There is no limitation
as to the Legislatures to which the amendment
may be proposed. How can it be contrary to
the Constitution, where is the violation of the
Constitution when the power exists in Con-
gress to propose amendments, for Congress to
say that time shall be given for the people to
understand the question and elect representa-
tives with reference to the propriety of the rati-
fication? Does the Constitution forbid that?
Does the Constitution of the United States
intend to give to the representatives a power
irrespective of the will of the people, and to
force upon the people an amendment which, if
submitted to them, they would reject? I can
conceive no impropriety in this motion. The
manner and the mode in which an amendment
is proposed is left to the discretion of Con-
gress, and I can see nothing that violates any
right of a Legislature if Congress provide that
au amendment which they now pass shall be
submitted to a Legislature chosen after the
people have had the means of determining
whether they will elect a Legislature to ratify
or reject it.
Sir, nothing but the desperation of party,
in the language of the honorable Senator in
reference to another matter in which he dpsired
to change the Constitution, cau lead to the re-
jection of the amendment now proposed. It
is a deliberate attempt for party purposes in
order to retain party power alone to rati coun-
ter to the will or the people of many of the
States of this Union. That is the object, the
sole object of refusing to adopt the amend-
ment now proposed, and no other can be as-
signed.
It remains to be seen, Mr. President,whether
the people of this country will submit to such
action on the part of their representatives. My
own view of the relation of representative and
constituent is one of good faith. I have never
believed in the doctrine of legislative instruc-
tions to Senators who represent States, because
the Legislatures appoint them ; but I have al-
ways believed that good faith, personal con-
sistency, what is due to the institutions of his
country, demanded from every Senator as well
as every Representative that on a question
which vitally changed the system of govern-
ment, deprived the States of rights which they
now enjoy, he would be faithless to the inter-
ests of his constituents, if he had reason to
doubt their will, if lie sought to evade that will
by submitting it for consideration to bodies
that had been elected anterior to the question
being raised and who had not been elected
with reference to that question. That is my
idea of the confidence that should exist on the
part of the representative to the constituent.
It will come with more force before the' repre-
sentatives of the people in the State Legis-
latures. You are seeking now in the spirit
of party to have a constitutional amend-
ment adopted by those representatives already
chosen ; and yet I hope there is a sufficient
number of them in the different States who will
not agree to your proposition where they have
reason to doubt even whether their constituents
approve such an organic change in our whole
system of government. I have hope that they
will not pass upon the question of ratification
without first consulting the will of their own peo-
ple. It is on that that I rely. 11 is on mj7 confi-
dence in the people that I rely to prevent this
utter change in the Federal Constitution from
being effected through the mere desperation of
party. I have lost all hope here. The votes
that have been given are an indication that
party and party objects are solely to be effect-
ed by means of this amendment, and satisfy
me that it will be passed in any shape which
the majority suppose will conduce to that end.
But, Mr. President, in my belief the ob-
ject will fail of maintaining the power of the
existing party by means of degrading the suf-
frage. I have given my reasons for that opin-
ion before ; I shall not repeat them now. I
should hope, however, that the Senate would
have sufficient respect for the will of the peo-
ple not to refuse an amendment which pro-
vides for the discussion of this question before
the people and an election by them of rep-
presentatives who are to pass upon it after
they are informed as to the nature and char-
acter of the amendment proposed. This Con-
gress did not dare, at its last session, to recom-
mend such an amendment. Is not the attempt
to press it through now, throwing back and
excluding all legislation as to financial mat-
ters, as to many other impoitaut questions,
even as to appropriation bills, in order to carry
out a partisan measure, an evasion ? This
may be, in the judgment of other gentle-
men, good faith to the people ; but in ray
judgment it is an abandonment of your whole
form of government and a treachery to the
people, if this amendment is refused on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the distin-
guished Senator from Delaware says that the
opposition to the amendment offered by my
colleague must result from the desperation of
party. Now, sir, it occurs to me that there
must be some desperation of party which would
require this Congress to assume the power of
selecting a future Legislature for the consider-
ation of a constitutional amendment and with-
draw that right from existing Legislatures.
Suppose that we submit this amendment to the
Legislatures ofthe several States,and those that
are in session now or that maybe in session in
the course of a few months should assume the
right to consider and actupon it, could we say
to them "You have no right to do that; we
have selected a future Legislature to act on this
amendment, and your action is void?'' Would
they not then ask you, "Where is that clause of
the Constitution which authorizes you to take
away the right of action from existing Legis-
latures and give it to future Legislatures?"
Clearly, there is no such power in Congress.
Congress has the simple power to recommend
or present to the several Legislatures an amend-
ment to the Constitution for their consideration,
and those Legislatures that are in existence at
the time when it is presented, or if there be
none in some of the States at that time, those
which shall afterward firstcome into existence,
have clearly the right to pass upon the amend-
ment, and we have 110 right to say that we will
ignore existing Legislatures and pick out par-
ticular Legislatures in the future that shall act
upon it. Cleaily, the proposition is in viola-
tion ofthe Constitution of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, there is no
proposition to pick out any particular Legisla-
ture. Ths past history of the Government is
directly against the argument of the honorable
Senator from Indiana. Many of the amend-
ments that have been adopted were not adopted
for two, three, or four years after they were
submitted, and then they were adopted by
Legislatures subsequently elected. As long
as the proceeding remains in fieri, that is, as
long as the proposed amendment has neither
been adopted by three fourths of the States
nor rejected by more than one fourth, it stands
open for the action of the Legislatures of the
States. The honorable Senator would limit it
to the existing Legislatures. Where do they
get that right? The authority to propose is in
Congress exclusively. In making that prop-
osition there is no more violation of the Con-
stitution on the part of Congress in proposing
an amendment to be acted upon at a future
day than there is in Congress passing a pro-
spective law to go into effect at a future day.
Mr. MORTON. I submit that the Senater
does not state my position quite correctly. I
say that the Legislatures in existence when the
amendment is submitted have a right to con-
sider it. If they fail to actupon it it is possible
that future Legislatures may ; and it may be
deferred perhaps for several years in that way,
one Legislature refusing to act upon it and a
subsequent one taking it up and acting. But
you have no right to withdraw that power from
the existing Legislatures. You have no right to
say that the Legislatures in existence in 18(39
shall not act upon it, and that those in 1870
or 1872 may. There is the point.
Mr. BAYARD. Congress having the au-
thority to propose an amendment has just the
same power to say at what time it shall be sub-
mitted to the Legislatures of the States as it
has the right to say, in passing a law, that that
law shall take effect a year or two after its
passage.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I pro-
posed this amendment on a former occasion,
and went over the field of argument which has
just now been traversed by the Senators from
Delaware and Indiana. I rise for the purpose
of making a protest against a doctrine now
announced for the first time, as far I know, in
the history of our country, and that is that <'.>• -
gross has no right in the execution of tins
power of proposing amendments to establish
any rule by which those amendments shall be
passed upon in the several States.
The amendment clause of the Constitution
gives to Congress a discretionary power in
submitting amendments. Congress may sub-
mit them to the Legislatures of the several
States—these words being used as general
words of description merely, and not as words
limiting the power—or may submit them to
conventions in the several States. Now. sir,
I undertake to say that a fair implication upon
that grant of power to Congress will warrant
us in adopting necessary and proper regula-
tions for the execution of the proceeding to
which we invite the States ; that is, we may
prescribe that conventions shall be called by
the Legislatures of the respective States, or we
may, in the act of submission itself, provide
that conventions shall be selected at a partic-
ular time in the States, and that they shall
meet at a particular time to act upon the amend-
ments which we submit. I take it that it would
be a due exercise of this power for us to pre-
scribe a uniform day throughout the United
States upon which these conventions should
meet; and we may prescribe that they shall
be selected by vote of the people of the State
in some particular manner. The power is
vested nowhere else. The Legislature of tho
State cannot meddle with the question of sub-
mitting it to a convention unless it is by virtue
of some authority in the act of Congresswhich
imparts to it that function.
Now then, sir, if wc have a discretionary
power as to the manner in which amendments
shall be passed upon by conventions in the
several States, the argument is conclusive that
we have the same power in regard tu submit-
ting amendments to the Legislatures that we
may presctibe the class of Legislatures which
shall act upon our amendments. We may
provide, as is proposed by tho amendment
