1809.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
40th Cong....3d Sess.
How to resume Specie Payments—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
an intelligent lawyer. I give due consideration
to the high position of its author, but cannot
concede to it the weight of authority. In my
judgment all the vast interests connected with
the railroad transit of the country can be much
more wisely and effectively regulated and pro-
tected by State authority. Many present regu-
lations are imperfect, many excesses are prac-
ticed by railroad companies, and many evils
need to be corrected. But when the recent
origin and wonderful growth of the system of
railroads is considered, it is matter of greatest
surprise that all these evils are not more griev-
ous than they are. It cannot be doubted that
in the early future, if left to the sole and right-
ful control of the States, these defects will be
removed to a great extent. It is not in the
power of any human Government to regulate
such vast interests in such way as to secure
absolutely just results under all circumstances.
They can only approximate such results. But
more effective relief will probably be derived
from heathful public sentiment and intelligent
self-interest between the people and the pro-
prietors of these great highways than from con-
gressional legislation.
This bill attempts to give power to this cor-
poration to take or condemn for its own uses,
under certain rules, any property in the States
through which it passes, whether it belong to
the States, to private citizens, or to other cor-
porations, and whether it "itppair the obliga-
tion of contracts" between the State audits
citizens or not. My colleague, Tunderstand,
assumes that this prohibition against legisla-
tion impairing the obligation of contracts "is
upon the States, not upon the United States."
Is this true ? It, impresses me as being a most
untenable and dangerous proposition. Is there
any line or word of authority to justify the con-
clusion that the framers of our Federal Con-
stitution intended to empower Congress to pass
laws to impair the obligation of contracts ? Are
such laws any more tolerable or consistent with
justice when enacted by Congress than if en-
acted by a State ? Is a dishonest act any less
dishonest because it was committed by Con-
gress? All such laws are contrary to the first
principles of the social compact and to every
principle of sound legislation. (Federalist, No.
39.) All contracts are property, and the obli-
gation of contracts is property. They are things
of value, of the greatest intrinsic value, and
therefore constitute property of the most sacred
character. The obligation of contracts is the
right which the contractor acquires under the
contract to have it faithfully performed. It is
all the value the contract possesses until it is
performed.
And the Constitution says no person shall
"be deprived of life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law; nor private prop-
erty be taken for public use without just com-
pensation." If Congress possessesomnipotent
authority to impair or disregard the obligation
of contracts, then what is the value of this pro-
hibition ? What safety exists for the supposed
sanctity of the contracts and intercourse be-
tween man and man in society? If Congress
may impair or disregard the obligation of con-
tracts between a State and her citizens when-
ever ill its judgment it becomes expedient for
the regulation of commerce or for any other
purpose, then how is the power of Congress
over all such interests to be restrained? The
power of the States over the most important
and sacred interests of their citizens, for their
regulation and protection, must then be exer-
cised subject to the pleasure of Congress. The
right of the States to regulate their own domestic
policy in their own way and to protect their
own citizens in their domestic, personal, and
fireside rights, interests, and contracts, which
is the most exalted and invaluable office of
civil government., becomes a myth. It cannot
be that Congress possesses any more right to
impair the obligation of contracts than the
States.
How to Resume Specie Payments.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. W. JULIAN,
of indiana,
In the House op Representatives,
February 5, 1869.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union-
Mr. JULIAN said:
Mr. Chairman : The simple and obvious
solution of our financial problem is to be found
in the reduction of expenditures and the in-
crease of productive capital. This is the chosen
and sure way to specie payments, and to real
national wealth, and the time has come to con-
fess it, and to plant our feet on the solid ground
of actual facts. The country has been fed on
mere theories long enough. The brains of
our public men have been teeming with ambi-
tious schemes of finance, all radically differing
from each other, bewildering rather than en-
lightening the general mind, exciting false
hopes, and kindling among the people a fever-
ish discontent, instead of invoking the spirit of
patience in the endeavor to accept the real
facts of our condition and the lesson which
they teach. Other methods are now wanting.
Discarding metaphysical projects, and putting
aside the folly of looking to the Government
for some splendid financial p anacea which shal I
at once lift from us the burden of our debt and
immortalize its discoverer, we must now turn
to the plain and old-fashioned ways and means
I have mentioned. There is no royal road out
of our national indebtedness. There is no
short cut to specie payments by the mere fiat
of law, independent of our actual resources.
Legislation can create a debt, but it cannot pay
it. We might just as reasonably attempt to
change the properties of the triangle by act of
Congress, as to fix the precise day on which
our national debt shall be fully paid, or our
greenbacks redeemed in coin ; since we have
no foreknowledge of the course of the seasons,
the productiveness of our crops, the vicissi-
tudes of trade, the characttt- and influence of
future legislation, and other contingencies
which must vitally affect our financial re-
sources at any given time hereafter. Finance
is no juggle, no sleight-of-hand by which the
nation can be relieved of its great debt without
actual payment; nor is it a Black Art, utterly
inscrutable to the plain common sense of the
people. Sir, what we want, I repeat, is econ-
omy of expenditure and increased production.
On the one hand, we must cut down all appro-
priations to the lowest practicable figure; refuse
all frightful subsidies to railroads, steamships,
and kindred projects ; revise the tariff and tax
laws in the interest of labor, and so reform the
civil service that the money drawn from the
earnings of the people shall not be squandered
by incompetent and corrupt officials. On the
other hand, the Government, keeping within
the scope of its legitimate powers, must re-
move as far as possible all obstructions to
industrial development, and thus encourage
foreign immigration, the extension of our rail-
ways, the settlement of our western States and
Territories, and the profitable exploration of
our mines. It is this second branch of my sub-
ject, Mr. Chairman, of which I wish briefly to
speak ; but before I do this, allow me to refer
to some very instructive and encouraging facts
and figures affecting our condition and pios-
pects as a people.
According to Commissioner Wells, one mil-
lion natives of foreign countries have perma-
nently settled in the United States from the
1st day of July, 18G5, to the 1st day of De-
cember, 1868. He says that investigations
have been made which show that these immi-
grants bring with them on an average eighty
dollars per head, while their average value as
producers is one thousand dollars each. Im-
migration, then, since the close of the war, has
added eighty million dollars directly, and five
hundred million dollars indirectly, to the re-
sources of the country.
Within the last four to five years our cot-
ton manufactures have increased nearly thirty-
two per cent. The increase in our woolen
manufactures has been much larger.
T he product of pig-iron from 1863 to 1868
has grown from 947 tons to 1,550,000 tons,
being considerably in excess of that of Great
Britain. The product of copper from 1860 to
1867 has increased from 6,000 tons to 11,735
tons.
The product of petroleum during the years
1804 and 1865 averaged 80,000,000 gallons.
In 1867 it was over 67,000,000 gallons, and
for 1868, up to the 18th of December, it was
94,774,291 gallons.
The product, of coal during the past three
years has averaged, annually, nearly 13,000,000
tons.
Oar lake tonnage in 1866 increased tweuty-
four per cent.; in 1867, eleven per cent.
Our average monthly consumption of sugars
for the year ending November 30, 1868, jvas
12,061,280 pounds more than during the same
period in the year 1867; and our average
monthly consumption of coffee 734 tons more
than during the same period of the previous
year.
The increase in our agricultural products has
been not less remarkable. Thenumber of sheep
in Ohio in 1868 was 1,274,204 greater than in
theyearl865, and it lsestimated that the num-
ber has doubled within the past eight years.
The increase of her hogs from the year 1865 to
that of 1868 was 700,000. The aggregate of her
corn, wheat, and oats in 1865 was 107,414,278
bushels; in 1866it was 118,061,911, and in 1867,
141,000,000. The number of hogs packed at
the West in 1865-66 was 1,705,955; in 1866-67
it was 2,490,791, and in 1867-68,2,781,084. The
present rate of increase of the crop of Indian
corn throughout the whole country is three and
one half per cent., and the crop for the year
1868 is estimated at 1,100,000,000 bushels. In
the year 1867 Minnesota exported wheat alone
amounting to 12,000,000 bushels, which sold at
an average of two dollars per bushel, increasing
our national wealth on this one article alone
twenty-four million dollars : and it is estimated
that not over two per cent, of her lands have
yet been reduced to actual settlement. I quote
these calculations from the late able speech of
Mr. Wisdom, one of the Representatives of
that State.
Our cotton crop for the past year is estimated
at 545,524 bales more than that of the previous
year. Our railway extension since the year-
1835 has averaged, annually, 1,156 miles.
From the year 1865, and inclusive of that year,
nearly 8,000 miles have been constructed in the
United States, being more than double the
annual increase prior to that time. Mr. Wells
estimates that the gross earnings of our roads
pay for their construction in a little more than
four years. The total annual value of all the
merchandise traffic on all the roads at present
equals seven billion two hundred and seventy-
three million two hundred thousand dollars.
From 1851 to 1867 the tonnage transportation
has increased at the rate of eight hundred per
cent., and the actual increase has been 42,480,-
000 tons. The estimated value of railway mer-
chandise for the past sixteen years has increased
at the rate of nearly four hundred millions of
dollars per annum. From the year 1858 to
1868 the increase of tonnage on all the roads
in the United States has been sixteen times
greater than the increase of population.
Within the ten years from 1850 to 1800 our
population has increased fifty times faster than
that of Great Britain,while the annual expenses
of the latter are one hundred and nineteen
millions greater than ours. During the railroad
era of our country, from the year 1830 to I860,
llie increase of our wealth was five hundred
and eight per cent. From 1840 to 1860 our
