1889.
fir
> 1
csmbmbhia® ©lobe.
1«
offered- by/A# Senate*, from Indiana, [!fe
Hendricks,] that those Legislatures the .most
numerous branches of which shall be chosen
next after our amendment is submitted shall
act upon the subject, and that their decision
shall be final.
In the clause of the Constitution which has
been referred to, I repeat, there are no words
of limitation specifying what particular Legis-
lature shall act upon -the subject. Bat the
power being given to Congress to submit it to
Legislatures in the several States the implica-
tion is necessary and irresistible that Congress
may designate what Legislature shall act. Of
course, as in the case of many other powers
conferred upon Congress, it they do not act
the State legislative bodies may proceed in the
absence of such regulation to act upon amend-
ments which we submit in their own fashion.
A Legislature in session at the time when the
amendment is submitted may act, or the next
succeeding Legislature may act, or a Legisla-
ture in any future year.
Well, sir, to what will .that lead? The result
has been often pointed' out. It'is one .that
should b® excluded; the possibility of it should
not be permitted. According to that arrange-
ment of things a Legislature thirty or forty
years hence might take np an amendment which
had bgen submitted but not duly ratified and
then pass upon it, anil by ratification give it
validity as a part of the Constitution of the
United States. Such a condition of things as
that should not be allowed. Congress ia sub-
mitting amendments should adopt some gen-
eral rale by which there stall be equal and fair
and uniform and timely action in the several
States. It is only by the exercise of this power,
which I imply of necessity from the terms of
the Constitution, that you can introduce order
and regulation and timely action into the pro-
ceeding of ratification. You will not then have
then a succeeding Legislature ratifying^ that
same amendment; or the other spectacle of a
Legislature ratifying an amendment at one ses-
sion and a succeeding one ^ejecting it.
Therefore, sjr, not only does this power
exist, but it is one that should be exercised by
us in the interest of public order and to secure
what is at all times an important consideration,
and that4s that all the States should act upon
an amendment submitted about the same time,
so that there shall be a contemporaneous action
throughout the whole country upon the subject
of amending the Constitution of the United
States. Why, sir, it would be ridiculous if a
gentleman should propose that one branch of
Congress should pass a law, and then that in a
succeeding Congress the other branch should
take it up and act upon it. But that is not
more ridiculous and absurd in a Government
of order, in a Government of due regulation,
than to permit an amendment to be acted upon
by a part of the States in 1868, by another part
in the year 1880, and possibly by a supple-
mentary number of States, one or ritore, in
the year 1900 ; so that your Constitution would
neverb- settled. And this difficulty isincreased
when you take into account the other doctrine
accompanying this, and which seems to have
due weight of authority, which is that until an
amendment has been ratified by three fourths
of the States it is a mere proposition, and it is
competent for any State which has ratified it to
withdraw its consent, to rescind its ratification,
and to remit the question back to the position
in which it stood before the State had acted at
all.
Upon all grounds, therefore, of expediency
it is proper that a power of this sort should be
exercised by the Congress of the United States;
and I would be much gratified if, in proposing
this amendment, Congress should adopt a rule
which would be a precedent for the fu!ure.
The amendment of the Senator frora-Indiana
proposes the proper rule; one which is fair to
the people of the United States, one which will
produce uniformity of action in point of time
throughout the whole country, one which will
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 83.
avoid all the difficulties and debates that hme
attended tfce, aahnwasiott of former atqmi-
meats, which, will iutroduoe order and regu-
larity for the future. I undertake to s&y that
if Congress for once shall prescribe the rule
under which amendments shall be acted upon
in the several States it will be accepted always
m future when other amendments shall besub-
naitted, and we shall have no debate and no
difficulty hereafter with regard to the time when
amendments shall be acted upon in the sev-
eral States with regard to the- bodies which
shall act upon them, and this scandal of ratifi-
cation, ana then rescinding the ratification, or
of rejecting and afterward ratifying, will be
removed altogether from our political actios
ia this country.
Mr. President, I ought perhaps.*© apologize
for repeating to some extent my former argil-
meat ; but I was desirous that the suggestion
of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
now made for the first time, so far as I know,
shall not go into our published debates with
even apparent acquiescence from members of
the Senate in its validity and soundness.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, it seems to
be agreed on all hands—at least so I infer
from the remarks of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton]—that the amendment which is
now proposed would be desirable if it were
consistent with the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by any means.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Vermont
dissents. I had supposed it must be agreed
to by all, for I could not conceive of the possi-
bility of any Senator saying that it was not
desirable that the people of the United States
should act on this question. I take it for
granted that the Senator from Vermont, espe-
cially since the eloquent and able discussion of
the question of State rights which we had the
pleasure of listening to from him to-day, and
is which I heartily concur with him, must
agree that the people of the States ought to be
heard upon this question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I "do agree to. that.
Mr. DIXON. But whether the Senator is
of that opinion or not, there can be no doubt
that if it is consistent with the Constitution
of the United States Gongress ought to pro-
vide that the ratification of the proposedamend-
ment, if made at all, shall be made by Legis-
latures hereafter to be chosen.
The Senator from Indiana says that that pro-
vision is not consistent with the Constitution.
At first I agreed .with him; I said the other
day that I thought it was impossible for us to
restrict the Legislatures in -acting upon this
subject; but upon examining the Constitution
I have changed my opinion. What is the pro-
vision of the Constitution ? In the first place,
in the fifth article of the Constitution the power
is confided to Congress " whenever two thirds
of both Houses shall deem it necessary " to
propose amendments to the Constitution. That
is a power to be exercised precisely like any
other power on the part of Congress. It is to
be done when Congress deem it necessary.
Discretionary power is lodged with the Con-
gress of the United States to propose amend-
ments, and they may then refer the question
of accepting or rejecting those amendments to
Legislatures or to conventions in the States.
Now, suppose that Congress see fit to exercise
the power of proposing amendments, as is
proposed here to-day. Look to the eighth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution, which
defitves and expresses the powers of Congress
to pass laws. After going through with the
list of seventeen express grants of power, that
section provides in the eighteenth that Con-
gress shall have power "to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution the foregoing powers &nd
all other powers vested by^this Constitution in
the Government of the United States, or in
any department or officer thereof.''
Now, sir, it seems to me perfectly clear that
in the exercise of the power by Congress to
propose aw amendment to the Constitution of
the United States they have the authority also
to make Jaws .nenessftjry and proper for ill*
execution of that power.; and if they find
neeessary and proper to make, a law that the
Legislature to act upon the proposed amend-
ment, shall be a Legislature < subsequently
chosten, can there be any doubt that.they, have
the power so to prescribe under this grant off
express authority? To me it seems (Jlear that
it.is not only proper, as the Senator from Penn-
sylvania has argued, that the power should be
executed by Congress, reasoning from the na-
ture of things, .bat that here is an express grant
to Congres&of the authority to make any law
which shall be necessary to carry into effect
the power ©f proposing amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, the argument
of the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixosl
and the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
is an argument against the Constitution itself.
If their argument is correct the Constitution is
wrong, and that is the trouble. The Constitu-
tion says that the question of amendments to
its provisions shall be submitted ta the Legis-
lature? of the States. It means, of course,
existing Legislatures. If the framers of the
Constitution meant that it should be referred
to Legislatures to be subsequently elected the
Constitution would have contained a provisioa
to that effect; but it does not contain any each
provision ; and, unfortunately, our friends who
are such sticklers for the Constitution; who
are par excellence the defenders of the pongtir
tution ; who find a constitutional objection to
every measure proposed upon this side of the
Ghamber, now propose to substitute their owe
creed, their own provisions, for the Constitu-
tion of the United States I
But, sir, I rose not to discuss that question,
but for another purpose. We have heard the
siren voice of the Senator from Connecticut,
the Senator from Indiana, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and the Senator from Wiscon-
sin threatening us with the indignation of the
people. We have heard their voices for the
last six years to that effect, and the only result
that I see is, that by the verdict of the people
we are to lose the presence of four of the moat
distinguished statesmen upon this floor. Not-
withstanding all their threats and thunders of
indignation, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Connccti
cut, ajid Wisconsin loom up with triumphant
majorities, vindicating and sustaining the Re-
publican party ; and Ip! these threats of indig-
nation leave us wiih four times the number oa
this side of the Chamber that there is oa the
other suffering the infliction of these long
nights of debate, so that we have to encounter
three fourths of the suffering, while the Sen-
ators on the other side have only to encounter
about one fourth of the suffering, of this body.
Mr. President, we will risk the future as we
have risked the past; and I have no doubt thai,
in the future we shall triumph as we have
triumphed in the past. This question of suf-
frage has been agitated as much as the ques-
tion of the amendment abolishing slavery
, throughout the States; it has been agitated as
\ much as was the fourteenth amendment of the
! Constitution of the United States. Ithasbeea
1 agitated enough to let Congress understand
that the people of the United States are in favor
of conferring equal rights and privilegeson all
American citizens. It entered sufficiently into
the last election to convince me that so far as
Illinois is concerned she will ratify my action
in favor of the most extensive provision for
universal suffrage. The question has been
agitated sufficiently to justify us in taking the
responsibility, at all events, and going before
the people and meeting these thunders of in-
dignation which have been predicted by our
friends on the opposite side of the Chamber.
We will take the responsibility; and when we
refer this question to the Legislatures of the
States, we refer it to men who are responsible
to the people, who have been elected by th 
people of the States, who have to aceountto the
people for their action, and we will do it with-
out fear of the result.
Mr. STEWART. Mr, President, I wisi ta
