138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
Ho. of Reps.
How to Resume Specie Payments—Mr. Julian.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
percentage of increase was two hundred and
fifty-six, being more tlian eighteen times greater
than that of Great Britain; and the most re-
markable fact must be mentioned, that in the
three and a half years following the close of
the war we have paid eight hundred millions
ot dollars of our national debt.
In referring to our railway system tt should
Be observed that according to the best author-
ities on the subject our foreign immigration
increases in the ratio of our railway extension,
and that the settlement of our vacant lands,
the increase of productive wealth, and con-
sequently of our exports and imports, con-
form to the same general principle. It shoald
likewise be remembered that railway extension
is now conceded to be the best if not the only
solutiou of the Indian problem, and that just
so far and so fast as this solution shall be
accomplished, the frightful expenditures de-
manded by our Indian wars will be avoided.
According to official documents, the expense
of suppressing Indian hostilities in the years
1864 and I860 was over thirty millions of dol-
lars, and for every dead Indian two millions of
dollars were expended. Our Indian troubles
for the past six years have cost us one hun-
dred million dollars, and calculations have been
made showing that our several Indian wars
within the past twenty years have cost us seven
hundred and fifty millions. The present cur-
rent expense of our Indian wars is believed to
be five million dollars per week, or about one
hundred and forty-four thousand dollars per
day. These expenditures are startling, but
they will be constantly diminished as our rail-
ways are extended, with the swelling column
of settlement and civilization which will follow
along their lines, fill up our distant borders,
and augment our productive wealth.
Mr. Chairman, this encouraging exhibit of
our national resources and material develop-
ment would be wanting in its true value and
full significance if not considered in the light
of an important reflection which it naturally
suggests. In the exact proportion that our
wealth increases our national debt diminishes.
To have paid our debt of 1865 twenty-eight
years ago would have required ninety per cent,
of all the property of the United States. But
the payment of the debt of 1868 would only
require about eight per cent, of our present
wealth. The ratio of increase of our wealth
from 1850 to 18b0 was nearly one hundred and
twenty-four and one halt'per cent,.; but as-
suming that it will hereafter be only one hun-
dred per cent,, every ten years, the aggregate
of our wealth in the yar 1000, according to
Commissioner Wells, will be two hundred and
fifty-eight billions five hundred and fourteen
millions of dollars.
In 1900, therefore, our debt will be only one
eighth as great a burden as it is now, or one
ninetieth of what it would have been on the
property of 1840. A tax of one per cent, would
then wipe out the entire indebtedness, while
now it requires one per cent, to pay the cur-
rent annual expenses of the Government. The
nation, therefore, in the gratifying growth of
its wealih which I have sketched is growing
out of debt, and growing so fast as to put to
fligbtallapprehensionasto our linancial future.
What it wants is free scope, and the untram-
meled use of its resources and energies ; and
this is forcibly illustrated by Commissioner
Wells, in his reference to the removal of the tax
on manufactures, which compelled the Treas-
ury to relinquish at least one hundred and
seventy millions of dollars, and yet by stimu-
lating the productive interests of the country
it accelerated the payment of our debt. It did
this, he says, on the principle that the power
ot contributing to the public revenue increases
geometrically as the activity of production and
circulation increases arithmetically.
\\ hat, then, Mr. Chairman, is the lesson
which these facts and figures plainly teach ?
Do they plead for some marvelous and as yet
undiscovered scheme of finance, to supersede
or help along the natural processes which we
have seen are so hopefully at work ? I have
already answered this questfon. The true
financial policy of the Government to-day is
that of a Masterly Inactivity, leaving the great
forces of industry and trade to do their woik,
to "uncover our mountains of gold and sil-
ver," to build our railways, to multiply the
tillers of the soil, and thus to solve the prob-
lem of our finances by the creation of wealth.
"All that government can do," says Buckle,
" is to afford the opportunity of progress ; the
progress, itself, must depend upon other mat-
ters." He asserts, as the general testimony
of history, that the best laws that have been
enacted in any country are those by which
some former laws were repealed ; and that
while the power of government for evil is in-
calculable, its power for good, beyond the mere
preservation of order and the punishment of
crime, is negative only, and simply auxiliary
to natural and social laws. All that Congress
can do to improve our finances, or speed the
payment of our debt, is to remove some of the
principal obstructions to the development of
our resources, and thus " to afford the oppor-
tunity of progress;" and I now come to the
discussion of this point.
The first duty of Congress, Mr. Chairman,
is to forbid the further sale of another acre of
arable public land, except as provided under
the preemption and homestead laws. This
should be done instantly, and the time is coming
when our failure or refusal to do it will be
regarded with inexpressible surprise and sor~
row. We say to the landless poor man, " Go
upon any portion of the surveyed public lands,
select your homestead, occupy and improve it,
and it shall be yours." But we say to the
speculator, "Go also, with the free license of
Congress to throw yourself across the track of
our struggling pioneer settlers, by buying up
great bodies of choice lands, forcing them
beyond you into the more distant frontier, or
compelling them to surround your monopoly
by their improved homesteads, which shall thus
make you rich by their toil and at the nation's
cost." Sir, such a policy is as financially
stupid as it is flagrantly unjust. It has marred
and crippled the homestead law from the
beginning, rendering it a measure of half-way
reform at best. On another occasion I have
shown that more than thirty millions of acres,
since the formation of the Government, have
fallen into the grasp of monopolists, and been
consigned to solitude, through the regular part-
nership which the Government has formed
with the speculator to cheat the poor man out
of his right to a home, and the country itself
out of the productive wealth which these mil-
lions might have yielded under the hand of
industry.
Sir, why should Congress any longer tolerate
this wretched and ruinous policy? The wealth
which is to feed our commerce and enable us
to pay our debt must be dug from the soil. No
man will dispute this fundamental truth. Then,
why not dedicate the whole of our remaining
rich lands to actual settlement and tillage, and
while thus increasing our wealth provide homes
and independence for the poor? Our Puritan
ancestors, prior to their emigration to Massa-
chusetts Bay, issued a paper in which they de-
clared that " the whole earth was the Lord's
garden, and he had given it to the sons of
Adam, to be tilled and improved by them."
And they asked, " Why, then, should any stand
starving for places of habitation, and in the
mean time suffer whole countries, as profitable
for the use of man, to lie waste without any
improvement?" Sir, this question, so earn-
estly asked by the Puritans nearly two hundred
and fifty years ago, still demands an answer,
and in the name of the homeless and toiling
poor of our land I ask it from the Congress
of the United States. The interests of humanity
and the development of our resources go hand
in hand, and their joint pleacannotmuch longer
be denied.
During the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868,
there were taken under the southern home-
stead law in the five land States to which it
applies 526,077 acres. During the preceding
year there were taken 264,480 acres ; and up to
this date the aggregate amount thus appropri-
ated since the passage of the law cannot be less
than a million acres, supplying 12,500 home-
steads or farms of eighty acres each, as an ad-
dition to the producing power of the South.
This was done by dedicating the public lands
in these States to actual settlement only, and
thus rescuing them from the threatened power
of the speculator. The whole number of acres
taken during the last fiscal year under the south-
ern and general homestead laws was 2,328,923
acres ; and the aggregate quantity taken from
the passage of the original act of 1862 to June 30
of last year was 9,500,000 acres, which by this
date must have swelled to 10,000,000, being
sufficient for 125,000 homesteads of eighty acres
each. The settlements under these laws are
steadily increasing, and all that is wanting to
the full sweep of their beneficent operation is
the prohibition by Congress of the further sale
of our agricultural lands for speculative pur-
poses, and the absolute pledge of them, in
reasonable homesteads, to productive wealth.
This, sir, is the great demand of the hour. The
widespread mischiefs already inflicted upon
our country by a false policy admit of no rem-
edy ; but Congress holds the key to the future,
in the power to forbid all further obstructions
to the settlement and improvement of the pub-
lic domain. In the exercise of this power the
homestead law would grow to its full stature,
and have free course in accomplishing the
grand work for which it was intended. Specu-
lators and monopolists, having no longer the
sanction or encouragement of the Government,
would betake themselves to more worthy pur-
suits. Our foreign immigration, already pour-
ing in upon our shores at the rate of three
hundred thousand per annum,would be largely
increased, through the motive power of greatly
extended facilities of acquiring homes on our
vacant lands. Railway extension, the increase
of productive wealth, the growth of our ex-
ports and imports, and the development of our
mines wuuld all be quickened by this practical
recognition of democratic equality and national
repudiation of the principle of feudalism in
these States.
Mr. Chairman, I proceed to notice another
serious obstruction to productive wealth and
financial prosperity which Congress should at
once remove. I allude to our present system
of land grants in aid of railroads. The evils
of this system have become perfectly appalling,
and no real friend of the country can contem-
plate them and hold his peace. Congress first
fairly inaugurated the system some twenty years
ago, and although it was originally vicious, it,
has for years past been constantly growing
worse through the addition to it of new features,
and the steadily increasing size of the grants.
Congress has granted to the different lines of
the Pacific lailroads alone the estimated aggre-
gate of one hundred and twenty-four million
acres. If we add to this the grants made to
the several States inaid of railroads and other
works of internal improvement it will foot up
not far from two hundred million acres. This
immense domain has passed into the hands of
corporations, and under the terms on which it
was granted they hold u a complete monop-
oly. They may sell it to actual settlers in mod-
erate homesteads, or they may sell it to a single
monopolist. They may sell it for a reasonable
price, or fix upon it just such a price as they
please. They may sell it to-morrow, or hold it
forty years for a rise in price through the
enhanced value to be added to it by adjacent
settlements. Regions which the Commissioner
of the General Land Office fitly describes as of
" empire extent," and including vast bodies of
