1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
House, must be familiar with the practice-
have decided that the merits of the bill cannot
be debated on that proposition. There is only
one subject of debate which has been tolerated
by Speakers upon a motion to postpone to a
day certain, and that is the condition of the
public business, and whether it requires that
the motion to postpone should or should not
be agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire of the
Chair what committee will be entitled to the
floor during the morning hour in case the
motion to postpone should not be reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the
Territories will be entitled to the morning hour.
^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
Speaker has suggested that the condition of
the public bnsiness can be discussed upon this
motion, I propose to make a few brief remarks
upon the public business which is before the
House, in order to show that the interests of
the public require that this bill should be dis-
posed of as early as practicable.
Mr. CULLOM. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
Mr. CULLOM. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if it is his design to consume an hour in
the remarks he proposes to make ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The in-
e ntion of " the gentleman from Illinois" is to
do his duty.
Mr. CDLLOM. There will not be much
time gained for the public business if the gen-
tleman takes an hour to oppose the motion to
postpone for an hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. " The gen-
tleman from Illinois" intends to do his duty,
and does not think it proper for his colleague
to catechise him.
Mr. YAN HORN, of New York. I would
inquire of the Chair if I have a right to pro-
ceed with my remarks upon the merits of this
bill?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not; for the
House has postponed the bill, by a vote of 10
to 42, until after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my
motion to reconsider shall prevail, then the
gentleman will be at liberty to proceed.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. And after
the morning hour he will have that right if
the motion to reconsider shall not prevail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Van Horn] says
that if I will withdraw my motion to recon-
sider he will now proceed with his remarks on
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
do that, because the House has ordered that
the bill shall be postponed until after the morn-
ing hour of to-dav.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Will the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbukne] yield to me
to move that the House now resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tariff bill ?
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I object
to that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It must be very evident
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
buhne] that further opposition on his part will
only result in the consumption of time, without
accomplishing his purpose. I voted with him
in opposition to the motion to postpone, but it
is evident that the majority are opposed to us.
I would, therefore, ask him to give way, and
allow the morning hour now to go on.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand very well the strength of the appeal of
my colleague on the Committee on Appropria-
tions, [Mr. Scofieli).] But this is what I
desire to say to the House in my justification,
if any gentleman thinks that js necessary,
though I do not think it is. The gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Van Horn,] against
my protest, obtained a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of making his bill a special
order. The bill came up yesterday, and the
gentleman took the floor, but did not proceed
with his remarks. Now it comes up again. I
consider it necessary that it should be disposed
of, in order that we may transact the public
business, which it is imperatively necessary
we should get through with ; that is, the appro-
priation bills. But the gentleman now gives
way for a motion to postpone, which I think I
have a right to complain of.
Mr. FERR1SS. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAICER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. FERRISS. My point of order is, that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburke]
has not a right, upon the motion to reconsider,
to discuss every question that has been, is now,
or may be before the House for the purpose,
of consuming time. He should be required to
discuss the question before the House if there
is anything he can discuss.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the lat-
ter remarks of the gentleman from Illinois
were not out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope gen-
tlemen will keep cool, for 1 do not propose to
put myself in antagonism to the House partic-
ularly. I wanted to state why I oppose this
proposition to postpone. I think it is unfair
to the business of the House which to a very
small extent the House has placed in my
charge. However, I will not proceed with the
matter further now, but will move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
order 01' business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business is the
call of committees for reports, commencing
with the Committee on the Territories, which is
entitled to another morning hour. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] is entitled to
the floor.
suits in the rebel states.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask the gentleman from'
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to yield to me, that I may
ask the House to take from the Speaker's table
a bill which has already been passed by the
House, and to which the Senate has proposed
an amendment. The bill, as amended, is less
comprehensive than the bill as passed in this
House by a large majority. But the parties
interested are willing to take the bill with the
amendment. I therefore desire that the House
shall consider and concur in the amendment
of the Senate that the bill may become a law.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will yield for the
purpose indicated, if the bill should not con-
sume too much time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Thomas] asks consent that the
House take from the Speaker's table for action
at the present time the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1261) amendatory
of an act entitled "'An act relating to habeas
corpus, and regulating judicial proceedings in
certain cases." The amendment will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That the provisions of an act entitled An act re-
lating to habeas corpus and regulating judicial pro-
ceedings in certain cases,'' approved March 3,1863,
so far as the same relato to the removal of causes
from the State to the Federal courts, be, and the same
is hereby, declared to extend to any suit or action at
law or prosecution,civil or criminal, which hasbeen
or shall be commenced in any State court against the
owner or owners of any ship or vessel, or of any rail-
way, or of any line of transportation, firm, or cor-
poration engaged in business as common carriers of
goods,wares, or merchandise, for any loss or damage
which may have happened to any goods, wares, or
merchandise whatever, which shall have been de-
livered to any such owner or owners of any ship or
vessel, or any railway, or of any line oi transport-
ation, iirm, or corporation engaged in business as
common carriers, where such loss or damago shall
have been occasioned bytheacts of those engaged in
hostility to the Government of the United States dur-
ing the late rebellion, or where such loss or damage
shall have been occasioned by any of the forces of
the United States, or by any officer in command of
such forces: Provided, That this actshallnot be con-
strued to affect any contract of insurance for war
risks which may have been made with reference to
any goods, wares, or merchandise which shall have
been so destroyed.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this amendment at the present
time?
Mr. BECK. I object.
bound altlbs of nevada, minnesota, etc.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, reported back from
the Committee on the Territories a bill (H. R.
No. 1625) concerning the boundaries of the
States of Nevada, Minnesota, and Nebraska,
and the Territories of Colorado, Montana, and
Wyoming.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that there be added to the State
of Nevada all that extent of territory lying
within the following boundaries, to-wit: com-
mencing at a point formed by the intersection
of the one hundred and fourteenth degree of
longitude west from Greenwich with the Colo-
rado river; thence up the channel of said river
to its intersection with the one hundred and
thirteenth degree of longitude west from Green-
wich ; thence north along said degree of lon-
gitude to its intersection with the forty-first
degree of north latitude; thence east on said
degree to a point in Great Salt Lake midway
between Antelope Island and the eastern shore
of said lake; thence northwesterly on a line
through said lake midway between Antelope
and Fr6mont Islands and the eastern shore of
said lake to Bear River bay; thence in a north-
erly direction to the mouth of Bear river; thence
up the channel of said Bear river to the mouth
of the Malada river; thence up the channel of
said river to its intersection with the forty-
second degree of north latitude; thence west
along said forty-second degree of north latitude
to the eastern line of the State of Nevada.
This transfer is not to take effect until the
Legislature of the State of Nevada accepts the
same. /
The -gecond section provides that there bo
addaff to, and made a part of, the State of
Mirffnesota all that extent of territory lying
(Within the following boundaries, to wit: com-
mencing at a point formed by the intersection
of the western boundary of the State of Min-
nesota with the forty-fourth degree of north
latitude; thence west aiong said forty-fourth
degree to its intersection with the ninety-sev-
enth degree of longitude west from Greenwich;
thence north along said ninety-seventh degree
to its intersection with the forty-fourth degree
and fifteen minutes north latitude ; thence west
along said line of forty-four degrees and fifteen
minutes north latitude to its intersection with
the ninety-eighth degree of longitude west from
Greenwich; thence north along said ninety-
eighth degree to its intersection with th<f forty-
fourth degree and thirty minutes of north lati-
tude; thence west along said forty-fourth de-
gree and thirty minutes to its intersection with
the ninety-ninth degree of longitude west from
Greenwich; thence north along said ninety-
ninth degree to its intersection with the forty-
fifth degree of north latitude; thence west
along said fort.y-fifth degree to its intersection
with the Missouri river; thence up the channel
of said Missouri river to its intersection with
the one hundred and second degree of longi-
tude we"Stfrom Greenwich; thence north along
said one hundred and second degree to its in-
tersection with the northern boundary of the
United States; thence east along said northern
boundary to the western boundary of the State
of Minnesota. This transfer is not to take
effect until the Legislature of the State of Min-
nesota accepts the same.
The third section enacts that there be added ■
to and made a part of the State of Nebraska
all that extent of territory lying within the fol-
lowing boundaries, to wit: commencing at a
point formed by the intersection of the forty-
third degree of north latitude with the one
hundred and second degree of longitude west
from Greenwich ; thence north along said one
hundred and second degree to its intersection
with the forty-fifth degree of north latitude ;
thence east along said forty-fifth degree to the
