m1'
eMeKESSKJMZ'GMBE.
me
did not relate t& the State at all; that they only
related to the powers of Congress. When "an
attempt was made to apply them iri some way
to the States the decision was, and it has been
acquiesced in and carried ont ever" since, that
they do not even; relate to the States.
When it was proposed to take away powers
from Congress or to limit the powers of Con-
gress there was no reason for any very great
jealousy with regard to the'right of the people
to vote upoti the proposition of amendment.
You were not taking away powers from the
people ; yon were not taking away rights from
the States ; and therefore it was very natural
and proper that those amendments should- fee
submitted to the Legislatures of the States,
because of course the States would agree to
them. The States would consent that Congress
should be limited. It was the very thing the
States wished to do.
Now the proposition is not to limit Con-
gress. not to limit the General Government
alone, but to provide that a ncfw^r-which has
always heretofore existed in'the States -shall be
taken to a eerUfe- extent from the States, It
does seem to me highly proper, eminently
proper* so^ proper that it is almost indecent to
do otherwise, that this should be submitted to
the people for them to say .whether they will
consent to it.'-
It has been decided by the Senate, in accord-
ance with the argument of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] that there is no power
in Congress to limit the Legislature which shall
act upon it, or that if there is power to impose
a limitation in that respect it is not proper at
this time to exercise the power. Then the only
mode by which you can procure action by the
people of this country upon this question is by
submitting it to conventions, and there is no
constitutional objection to that.
I think the argument of analogy which waa
used by my colleague, that all the amendments
heretofore made have been submitted to Legis-
latures, has been sufficiently answered by me
in what I have already said. There was no
reason Why those amendments should not be
submitted to Legislatures. There was no par-
ticular reason why the people should be ealled
upon to say whether or not the powers of Con-
gress should be limited. But when you eome
to the question of limiting the powers of the
people themselves and taking from the States
rights which they now possess, it is highly
proper that they should have an opportunity to
say whether they agree to it or not. Techni-
cally. I agree, you get their consent through
Legislatures now chosen. That may be said,
perhaps, of the Legislature of Michigan, though
with that Legislature negro suffrage should be
vitandus. After the action of the people of
that State, it should be in the index vocumvit-
andarum. Itisforthem athing to be shunned.
The people of that State when they were called
upon to act, pretty plainly instructed their Le-
gislature to shun the question; iind at the last
election the only notice the people anywhere
had of it was from your platforpi, which de-
clared that it properly belonged to them in
their respective States. Now, you propose to
submit this question to Legislatures chosen on
the day when you elected your candidate upon
a platform which told the people that the ques-
tion was not to be thus submitted.
Sir, I do not wish to dwell upon this as a
party question. I am now addressing the
Senate in favor of the propriety of permitting
the people to be heard upon the matted In
the State of Connecticut I admit they can be
heard to a certain extent, because it so hap-
pens that in that State the Legislature which
would act upon it is to be chosen in April
next.
Mr. HOWARD. -Let me ask the Senator
from Connecticut whether there is any con-
stitutional provision in Connecticut requiring
acts which it is expected the Legislature may
pass to be made known to the people before
the Legislature meets. Is that the lawof Con-
necticut?
Mr. DIXOK. I confess I do not see the
pertin'cftey of that question. lt may be per'
tinent, (hough. Fro!m the seurijei from Which
it comes I judge it to be a very wise, judicious,'
and pertinent question. .
Mr. HOWARD. Uhdonlftedly.
Mr. DIXON. But if it came from some
other source, I should have a contrary opinion.
{Laughter.]
Wow, sir, I offer this amendment in good
faith. I say here, in the presence of this body
that it is proper that the people should have an
opportunity of saying whether the regulation of
suffrage which has been heretofore held t>y the
States as their own power and their own right, sk-
question for them to -decide,- shall be taken
from them, or, in other words, whether they
shall be limited in the- exereise of that power.
Is it too much to ask:of this Body that before
they propose to take -from New Jersey and
fi'Om Connecticut and from other States a
power now existing, they shoul&give the peo-
ple of Net? Jersy and Connecticut an oppor-
tunity to be heard. And th§ only way in which
they can have an opportunity to express their
'sentiment is by referring this matter to con-
ventions
BIr. MORTON. Just one word in reply to
the' Senator from Connecticut. I do'not want
jtd protract this debate: but there has been a
great deal of " taking on" here to-night that
this question has not been discussed before the
"people. I am willing to submit it to the ex-
f erience and observation of every Senator
ere to-night of any party whether a single
Democratic speech was made in any State dar-
ing the late canvass that was not devoted princi-
pally to the subject of the negro—negro equal-
lity, amalgamation, social equality—if the peo-
ple were not warned that their daughters were
about to be married to negroes, and if the
Democratic party did riot throughout the late
c4W?ass at every mee'ting and in every speech,
ift Sfe'ason and out of season, keep the whole
question of negro equality, politically, socially,
and in every other way, constantly before the
people ? And yet they now complain that
the subject has not been discussed before the
people.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I wish
to say in reply to my colleague that whatever
statements the Democrats made oil this sub-
ject were very emphatically and earnestly de-
nied by his party, so that the people, to say
the least of it, would become confused in a
discussion of that sort.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will allow
me to suggest in aid of his proposition that the
people had become so accustomed to disbeliev-
ing what the Democrats did say that it did not
make much impression. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. As I am not making
an argument with the Senator from New York
just now, I will not discuss the question with
him whether the people are reliable or not. I
do not believe the people have any more confi-
dence in politicians and party platforms and
'assurances than perhaps they ought to have.
•I do not care about discussing that matter.
But my colleague will not claim that in the State
of Indiana the proposition to confer suffrage
upon the negro was made by hisparty last year.
I recollect when the civil rights bill was a mat-
ter of discussion before the people elaborate
arguments were made in that State by gentle-
men who now occupy very high positions in-
deed to prove that the negro would not be made
a voter according to that policy. But I do not
care about protracting this debate or carrying
it into a political discussion. I have not sought
to follow my colleague when he has gone into
polities, and I do not intend to do it now.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to inform the Senator
from Connecticut that I am in favor of his
proposition and intend to vote for it, and I will j
not pair off with my colleague or with either i
of the Senators from Delaware upon that ques- j
tion, or upon any other question connected j
with this, subject: nor would I pair off with one i
of the Senators from V«rlnbnt upon thAtqaefk*
tion; but if both of them will offer to pair off
with me I will then consider-that proposition,
because I think upon this tjnestion I am of as
much value as both of them! ' [Laughter.!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The quag-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. BAYARD ealled for the yeas and trays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 10, Bays 39 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Davis, Dixon,
Hendricks, Norton, Patterson ef -Tennessee. Sanls-
bury, Vickers, and Whyte—10.
N ATS—Messrs- Abbott, Cameron, Cole, Conklin;?,
Gragin, Drake, Ed&un<i3, Kerry, Preliitsrhoysen,
Harlan, Harris. Howard, Howe, Keilosg.MeBonaid,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill Qf Vermont, Mor-
ton, JNye, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pom -
eroy, Pool, Ramsey, Riee, Robertson; Ross, Spencer,
Stewart, Thayer,Tipton, VanWin kle, Warner, Weleh,
W lijey. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—-39. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Oatte!l,Ch'an<iier Con-
ness, Corbett, Doolittle, Feesendes, Fowler, Grimes.
Henderson, McCreery. Sawyer, Sherman, 3prague,
Sumaer, Trumbull, and Wade—17.
; So the amendment was rejected. . • :
Mr. DAVIS. I move a reconsideration of
the vote rejecting the amendment offered by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.] I
make this motion in courtesy to a Senator*: with
the avowal that I voted against the proposition,
and am still against it and intend to-vote against
it, but I make the motion in courtesy to a Sen-
ator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves to reconsider the
Tote by which the Senate rejected the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CONKLING. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING-. I believe that only once
since the original debate upon this proposition
have I made a suggestion to the Senate on the
subject, and that was with regard to an amend-
ment then proposed by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wii.kont.J I ven-
ture now to ask the attention of the Senate for
a moment, to this motion, because it seems to
me to present an opportunity to embrace an
alternative better than that upon which we seem
likeiv to fall.
The honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mi.
Edmunds, j if I understood hiar aright, stated
that all the Republican members—if I caught
his expression—of the "Judiciary Committee
had concurred in presenting the proposition
which now constitutes the foundation of this
-proceeding. I wish the honorable Senator
from Vermont would except me from that
statement. 1 eau speak for no other member
of the committee ; but for myself I must say
I was never present in the Judiciary Commit-
tee when this proposition was considered. I
understand its consideration was of the briefest
the most summary character, and I may add
that had I been in the committee I couW not
in good faith have agreed to a proposition
which I believe to be so inadequate for the
purpose which amajority of this Chamber have
at heart as the proposition to which I now
advert.
It is an easy thing to criticise language; it is
an easy thing to criticise a proposition, be-it
of language or of substance. My purpose is
not now to experiment in that way, but simply
to point out- briefly one or two respects its which
it seems to me that the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Michigan is preferable to the other.
If I understand the design of those who
espouse some proposition on this subject, it is
to submit fairly to the several States of the
Union the proposition to divest themselves of
the power of discriminating invidiously against
persons of a eertain race in respect of their
right, to vote and hold office, one or both. I
think I cannot be mistaken in supposing that
that is the object of these manifold propositions
to amend the Constitution. Now, I may say,
Mr. President—I am glad to have the opportu-
nity of saving, as I shall not avail myself of it
again, and have not had it before—that I do
not understand that a Representative in the
