364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 14,
ninety-ninth degree of longitude west from
Greenwich ; thence south along said ninety-
ninth degree to its intersection with the forty-
fourth degree and thirty minutes north latitude;
thence east along said forty-fourth degree and
thirty minutes to its intersection with the
ninety-eighth degree of longitude west from
Greenwich; thence south along said ninety-
eighth degree to its intersection with the forty-
fourth degree and fifteen minutesnorth latitude;
thence east along said forty-fourth degree and
fifteen minutes to its intersection with the
ninety-seventh degree of longitude west from
Greenwich; thence south along said ninety-
seventh degree to its intersection with the forty-
fourth degree of north latitude ; thence east
along said forty-fourth degree to the western
boundary of the State of Minnesota ; thenee
south along said western boundary to the south-
western boundary of the State of Minnesota ;
thence due west to the Big Sioux river ; thence
down the channel of the Big Sioux river to its
intersection with the channel of the Missouri
river. This transfer is not to take effect except
upon the condition that the Legislature of the
State of Nebraska accepts the same and con-
sents to the transfer to the Territory of Wyom-
ing of all the territory of that State lying west
of the one hundred and second degree of lon-
gitude west from Greenwich.
The fourth section provides that there be
added to and made a part of the Territory of
Montana all that extent of territory lying within
the following boundaries, to wit: commencing
at a point formed by the intersection of the
one hundred and eleventh degree of longitude
west from Greenwich with the summit of the
Rocky mountains ; thence 111 an easterly direc-
tion along the summit of said mountains to its
intersection with the one hundred and tenth
degree and thirty minutes of longitude west
from Greenwich; thenee due east to the one
hundred and tenth degree of longitude west from
Greenwich; thenee north along said one hun-
dred and tenth degree of longitude to its inter-
section with the forty-fifth degree of north lati-
tude; thence east along said forty-fifth degree*
to its intersection with the channel of the Mis-
souri river; thence up the channel of said river
to its intersection with the one hundred and
second degree of longitude west from Green-
wich; thence north along said one hundred
and second degree to its intersection with the
northern boundary of the U nited States; thence
west along said northern boundry line to its in-
tersection with the one hundred and fourth
degree of longitude west from Greenwich.
The fifth section enacts that there be added
to and made a part of the Territory of Col-
orado all that extent of country lying within
the following boundary, to wit: commencing
at a point formed by the intersection of the one
hundred and ninth degree of longitude west
from Greenwich with the thirty-seventh de-
gree of north latitude, being the southwestern
boundary of the Territory of Colorado ; thence
west along said thirty-seventh degree of north
latitude to its intersection with the channel of
the Colorado river; thence up the channel of
said river to its intersection with the one hun-
dred and twelfth degree of longitude west from
Greenwich; thence north along said ope hun-
dred and twelfth degree to its intersection with
the thirty-ninth degree of north latitude; thence
east on said degree to its intersection with the
one hundred and eleventh degree of longitude
west from Greenwich ; thence north along said
one hundred and eleventh degree to its inter-
section with the forty-first degree north lati-
tude ; thence east along said forty-first degree
of north latitude to its intersection with the one
hundred and ninth degree of longitude, being
the present northwestern boundary of Colorado.
The sixth section provides that there be added
to and made a part of the Territory of Wyoming
all that extent of territory lying within the fol-
lowing boundaries, to wit: commencing at a
point formed by the intersection of the one hun-
dred nnd eleventh degree oflongitude west from
Greenwich with the forty-first degree of north
latitude: thenee west along said forty-first de-
gree of north latitude to a pcfint in Great Salt
lake, midway between Antelope island'and the
eastern shore of said lake; thence in a north-
westerly direction on a line midway between
Antelope and Fr&mont islands and the eastern
shore of said lake to Bear River bay; thence
northeasterlyto the mouth ofBearriver; thence
up the channel of said river to the mouth of
Malada river; thence up the channel of said
M'alada river to its intersection with the one
hundred and twelfth degree thirty minutes longi-
tude west from Greenwich; thence north along
said one hundred and twelfth degree and thirty
minutes to its intersection with the channel of
Snake river; thence up the channel of said Snake
river to its intersection with the one hundred
and twelfth degree of longitude west from Green-
wich ; thence north along said one hundred and
twelfth degree to its intersection with the crest
of the Rocky mountains; thence in an easterly
direction along the summit of said mountains
to the one hundred and tenth degree and thirty
minutes longitude west from Greenwich; thence
due east to the one hundred and tenth degree
of longitude west from Greenwich; thence north
along said one hundred and tenth degree to its
intersection with the forty-fifth degree of north
latitude; thence east along said forty-fifth de-
gree of north latitude to its intersection with
the one hundred and second degree of longi-
tude west from Greenwich; thence south along
said one hundred and second degree to its inter-
section with the forty-first degree of north lat-
itude ; thence west along said forty-first degree
of north latitude to the place of beginning. It
is provided that all that territory included within
this boundary which now forms part of the State
of Nebraska shall not form part of the Terri-
tory of Wyoming until the Legislature of the
State of Nebraska consents thereto.
The seventh section provides that the river
which flows through the Territories of Idaho
and Washington into the Columbia river, called
Snake river, shall hereafter be known and des-
ignated as Oregon river; and that the river
nvhich flows through that part of Utah hereby
addedto the Territory of Colorado, called Green
river, shall hereafter be known and designated
as Colorado river.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to say,
Mr. Speaker, that this bill proposes no increase
of the expenditures of the Government, but
paves the way for the decrease of those expend-
itures in the Territories. It creates no new
offices. The Senators and Representatives
from the States immediately interested in this
change of boundary are in favor of the bill.
The Delegate from the Territory of Wyoming
is in favor of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to know who the Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Wyoming is. [Laughter.]
Sir. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I mean the gen-
tleman claiming a seat as Delegate, and whose
credentials were presented and referred the
other day. The bill is not to take effect, so
far as the change of boundary is concerned,
except upon acceptance of the territory trans-
ferred by the States of Nevada, Minnesota, and
Nebraska respectively.
_ In mv judgment this bill will make the best
disposition which can be made of the Mormon
question, by reducing the territorial area of
that prospective State, thus giving the Mormon
community notice that no State government
will ever be organized there by our consent;
and that so soon as the population in the ad-
jacent organized States and Territories shall
be able to take care of this population, which,
voting as a unit, has persistently for fifteen
years defied the Government of the United
States and for eight years flagrantly disobeyed
its laws, the control of affairs there shall be
given to the "Gentile" population. This was
the motive which prompted th« committee in
reporting the bill, so that in the great central
or mountain States of this country there should
be territorial area enough when they come to
organize State governments to have a popula-
tion enough at least for one Representative,
and that States might not be multiplied out of
Territories of the size of Utah with small pop-
ulations, but that the area might be so ex-
tended that at the beginning they shall have
population enough for one member and a pros-
pective population for more. I desire to put
the bill on its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to hear me a moment. I have had
but a few minutes to look at this bill. From
the reading of it, and from the statement of
the gentleman, it seems to be a bill to dis-
member Utah Territory. I merely desire to
suggest that as the Delegate from that Terri-
tory is not here, being detained by sickness, it
seems to me it would be but fair to postpone
it until he can be heard. The people who sent
him here have a great deal of interest in this
measure, and I suggest that it be postponed
so that it can be reached at a given time here-
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. In reply to the
gentleman's suggestion, I will say that I see
no necessity for postponing the bill. It does
not touch the settled portions of Utah, but it
adds to the Territory of Colorado all'that part
of Utah unsurveyed and unoccupied by the
Mormons, and thus extends the jurisdiction of
Colorado over that part. It excludes the Mor-
mons socially, of course, from that part, but
they can move where they please. It concen-
trates whatever of the Mormon element gov-
erns the Territory of Utah within a limited juris-
diction, so that the farce which they have played
there for many years of electing a Governor and
Legislature and enacting State laws may be
be annulled by the notice which this bill gives
them that they shall not have territorial area
enough left to make a State. I drew the bill
originally to blot out the Territory, but the
committee thought it was best to let that part
of it remain where the great body of the Mor-
mons were until such time as the population
of the adjacent Territories and State would be
able to take care of them, and not be over-
borne by the consolidated vote of that oli-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
think the gentleman has met my point. He
acknowledges, in the first place, that this bill
takes away a large portion of the Territory of
Utah. That Territory is represented here.
Now, I think it but fair and just to that Dele-
gate, in a matter which so deeply affects his
constituents, that he should be here when the
bill is acted upon. He is detained by sickness;
and I appeal to my friend if he were in the
same situation whether he would not consider
it rather sharp practice to dispose of the bill
in his absence.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My committee will
not be called again this session, so that unless
this is passed now there is no hope of getting
it through the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
ask to have the bill placed in any worse posi-
tion than it is now. That would be unreason-
able. But we can postpone it so that it will
not be placed in a worse position.
Mr. CULLOM. When will the Delegate
from Utah be here?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand he has started from home ; and the rea-
son why he is not here is he is detained by
sickness.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the House will
agree to postpone the bill one week from to-
day im mediately after the reading of the J ournal
I will consent to it.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then say after the
morning hour.
Mr. BROOKS. I think we should allow a
longer time, so that the people of Utah can
hear what is to be done. Say two weeks.
Mr.^ ASHLEY, of Ohio. Very well; I have
no objection, if the bill shall then be taken up
and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. If the order is made by
unanimous consent the bill will be the special
order at that time, and will be taken up and
disposed of. Is there objection to postponing
