140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Febiuary 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Sow to Besume Specie Payments—Mr. Julian.
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Oregon; and Nevada." The act declares
that the mineral lands of the United States
shall be open to exploration and occupa-
tion "subject to the local custom or rules
of miners." These '"local rules ' are to gov-
ern the miner in the location, extension, and
boundary of his claim, the manner of improv-
ing and developing it, and the survey also,
which is not to be executed according to the
public surveys with reference to base lines and
under the authority of the United States, but
in utter disregard of the same. The surveyor
general is to make out a plat or diagram of
the claim and transmit it to the General Land
Office, upon which it is made the duty of that
office to issue a patent to the claimant, in
case of any conflict between different claim-
ants it must be determined by the local courts,
without any right of appeal to the local land
office, the General Land Office, or to any Fed-
eral court. The act, as I stated on its pas-
sage, is an absolute deed of quit-claim on the
part of the United States of all right, title, or
interest in the mineral lands of the nation, eov-
ennga million square miles, and commits them
wholly to the disposition and arbitramentof the
"local custom or rules of the miners."
The act further gives to every claimant the
right to follow his veinorlode, " with its dips,
angles, and variations, to any depth, although
it may enter the land adjoining, which land
adjoining shall be sold subject to this condi-
tion." This law, so radically revolutionary of
the well-settled and well-understood policy of
the nation, rests upon the "local custom or
rulesof miners." Sir, what are these local rules
and customs? I will allow the State of Nevada
to answer. An official clocument, being a
senate report to the Legislature of that State
on the subject of these local rules, informs us
that as "to uniformity there is nothing appioacli-
iug it. There never wascoufusion worse con-
founded. More than two hundred petty districts
within the limits of a single State, each with
its self-approved code; these codes differing
not alone each from the other, but presenting
numberless instances of contradiction in them-
/ selves; the law of one point is not the law of
another five miles distant, and a little further
on will be a code which is the law of neither
of the former, and so on ad infinitum, with
the further disturbing fact superadded that the
written laws themselves may be overrun by
some peculiar custom which can be found no-
where recorded, and the proof of which will
vary with the volume of interested affidavits
which may be brought on either side to estab-
lish it. Again, in one district the work required
to be done to hold a claim is nominal, in
another exorbitant, in another abolished, in
another adjourned from year to year. A stran-
ger seeking to ascertain the law is surprised to
learn that there is no satisfactory public record
to which he can refer: no public officer to
whom lie may apply who is under any bond
or obligation to furnish him information or
guaranty its authenticity. Often in the new
districts he finds there is not even the semblance
of a code, but a simple resolution adopting the
code of some other district, which may be a
hundred miles distant."
The report proceeds to show that these regu-
lations, such as they are, have no permanency.
"A miners' meeting," the committee say,
"adopts a code; it stands apparently as the
law. Sometime after, on a few days' notice,
a corporal's guard assembles, and on simple
motion radically changes the whole system by
which claims may be held in a district. Before
a man may traverse the State, the laws of a
district, which by examination and study he
may have mastered, may be swept away and
no longer stand as the laws which govern the
interest he may have acquired, and the change
has been one which by no reasonable dili-
gence could he be expected to have knowl-
edge of."
This comes from a great mining State, con-
taining probably the richest deposits of gold
and silver in the known world.
Sir, do we really wish to found a system of
laws on these "local rules," enacted bv a
"corporals guard" of miners, who are here
to-day and gone to-morrow? What we want
is not to recognize this system of instability
and uncertainty, but to sweep it away, and
usher in a system of permanence and peace
through our system of national surveys. We
have our General Land Office, with its local
land offices in every portion of the public
domain. Registers and receivers are to be
found in the very midst of our richest mining
regions, charged with the execution of our
land laws within their respective districts, and
in the very vicinity of the matter in dispute ;
authorized to call parties before them, hear
their statements, take testimony, and determ-
ine the whole matter, subject to the reasonable
right of either party to appeal to the General
Land Office or to the Federal courts. This
machinery is as old as the Government, and
perfectly familiar to the people. Why abandon
it and substitute the local courts, with no right
of appeal, as if these tribunals, guided by the
"local rules" referred to,~ were infallible?
Why pretend to nationalize our mining laws,
when in fact the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and the Government surveyors are
the mere clerks and agents of the communities
whose " local rules" are as unstable as water?
Sir, the law is not simply imperfect, but a
legislative abortion, worthy only of the crooked
and left-handed tactics by which it was carried
through Congress.
I ought to add that, in thus criticising the
"local custom" of miners as the basis of a
national policy, I am supported by the best
informed men I have met from the mining
Slates and Territories, who scout the idea of
applying the word "custom," which implies
long usage, to these fleeting and ever varying
regulations; and I take great pleasure, in this
connection, in referring also to the authority
of Mr. R. W. Raymond, editor of the American
Journal of Mining, who was educated and grad-
uated at Freiberg, Germany, is a mining engi-
neer, and has now in press an able official
report as our Commissioner of Mining Statistics
on our mineral resources, prepared by direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, after
personal and careful observations within the
past year.
I will add further, that the provision of
this law allowing the miner to follow his vein on
to the lands of his adjoining neighbor, and
undermine him, is wholly at war with Ameri-
can ideas. The old mining laws of Germany
allowed this, but the Prussian code of 1867
adopts the geodetical principle of ownership
directly downward to the center of the earth.
So do the mining laws of France, as those of
England have done from the beginning, while
the famous mining codes of Spain and Mexico
cannot be quoted as precedents for our statute.
The strong tendency of modern legislation on
this subject is against the policy on which the
United States have embarked, and which must
inevitably lead to unending litigation and
strife. That such are its fruits in many in-
stances is well known; while the departure
from the geodetical system not only has no good
reasons to support it, but is made in the face
of reasons which render it, as a remedy, worse
than any disease it could cure. It is wrong
in principle. It offends the first teachings of
mathematics and the plainest dictates of com-
mon sense. It was framed, I believe, in the
special interest of lawyers, The law is vicious
also in exacting improvements by the claimant
to the value of one thousand dollars as a condi-
tion of title. This was evidently provided in the
interest of capitalists, and could not have been
prompted by the rank and file of our miners.
Neither could they ever have sanctioned that
feature of the law which requires the miner to
pay the fees for surveying his claim, which are
often very heavy, and frequently debar poor
men from the benefits of the law, while in
the case of other lands, where the fees are
trifling, the Government makes the survey.
The practical working of this legislation has
been such as any reflecting man would have
anticipated. During the year 1866 our prod-
uct "t gold and silver amounted to seventy six
millions of dollars. During the past year it
was only sixty-five millions, being a falling off
of eleven millions of dollars, though the popu-
lation and settlement of the mining regions
has considerably increased withm the past two
years. That this crude legislation is a partial
explanation of this decline in the product of
the precious metals I have no doubt, and that
its amendment in the points I have specified
would add to their future product is equally
evident.
Mr. Chairman, I now approach the conclu-
sion of what I desired to say. The sum of it
is that beyond the enforcement of a rigid econ-
omy, legislation can only lead the country out
of its financial troubles by removing the seve-
ral obstructions to national progress which I
have mentioned. We can abolish the curse of
land speculation, and devote the remainder of
our public domain to actual settlement and
productive wealth. A bill providing for this
is now pending. We can reform our policy
of railroad land grants, so that it shall build
roads, and at the same time populate and im-
prove the country along their lines. We can
overhaul our disgraceful Indian treaty system,
and provide by law that hereafter whenever
the title to any of our vast reservations shall
be extinguished they shall fall under the con-
trol of Congress, and be dedicated to settle-
ment and tillage. And, finally, we can so re-
construct our legislation respecting our min-
eral lands as more fully to develop their vast
wealth, and thus compel them to help efface
the existing difference between our paper cur-
rency and gold. These, sir, are the four chan-
nels through which the swelling tide of our
wealth must pour in, and save at once our
national finances and our national honor.
These are the golden gates through which the
Republic must pass, if it would crush out the
insidious but steadily growing power of Aris-
tocracy and Landlordism, and secure for-itself
an honorable name among the nations calling
themselves free. Through the adoption of these
practical reforms specie payments would be
resumed, just as soon as our quickened industries
and improved condition would allow. Unpre-
cedented prosperity and wealth would answer
to the roused energies of the people and the
moral power of equal rights guarded by equal
laws. The Old World, inspired anew by our
blessed example in checking the growth of
feudalism on our soil, would reenforce our
grand army of producers by her surplus mil-
lions, and thus, as never before, add to our
wealth and power.
"See the Old World," says Guyot, "ex-
hausted by long cultivation, overloaded with
an exuberant population, full of spirit and
life, but to whom severe labor hardly gives sub-
sistence ; devoured by activity, but wanting re-
sources and space to expand." On the other
hand he describes America as "glutted with
its vegetable wealth, unworked and worth-
less," and argues that it was made for the man
of the Old World. " Everything in nature,"
says he, "points to this great change. The
two worlds are looking face to face, and are,
as it were, inclining toward each other. The
Old World bends toward the new, and is ready
to pour out its tribes." And he adds that "the
future prosperity of mankind may be said to
depend on the union of the two worlds. The
bridals have been solemnized. We have wit-
nessed the first interview, the betrothal, and
the espousal; so fortunate for both. We already
see enough to authorize us to cherish the fair-
est hopes, and to expect with confidence their
realization." Sir, let us legislate in the light
