1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
difference between Submitting a proposition so
open as this -one is and a proposition 80 defi-
nite as that can be made, particularly against
the objection which is now assigned to -it,
because I need not argue that if, preserving the
general idea Of denominating this particular
race of persons, we fasten their rights clearly
by that denomination, that will at least estab-
lish a superiority in the amendment over the
one which we art now discussing. I do not,
then, ventur'e to defend it ' precisely as it
stands ; but on the contrary, # it is reconsid-
ered and there is any doubt in that respect
about it, I shall be very glad to vote with others
in order toput it beyond criticism in that regard.
But the question now seems to be whether we
ore to take the amendment which came from
the Judiciary Committee without any modifi-
cation whatever, because those supporting it
seem to be inclined to vote down alt amend-
ments, or whether we shall take this proposi-
tion of the Senator from Michigan or some
other as a groundwork, and s6; perfect it as to
avoid what, it seems to me, we cannot fell to
discern are the difficulties! and "the inadequa-
cies of the pending proposition.
Mr. 6TfeWARI; Argyou through?
Mr. CONKLING. No; I am not through;
hot I Will yield to the Senator from Nevada.-
Mr. STEWART. I want to gay a word in
defense of this proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. I will relieve the Sen-
ator and the Senate in toe moment, and in-
tended to do so some time ago.
Now, Mr. President, I was only going to add
"that I should consider it a great calamity in
itself, and especially a great calamity after all
the precious time that has been devoted to this
subject, if -we should come to a lame and
impotent conclusion, if we should, submit an
amendment which, assuming it to be carried,
would be wholly inadequate to the object after
which we are reaching.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?,
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr; HENDRICKS. White he was defend-
ing this amendment he referred to some reason
that seemed to be rather private or obscure
why the word "citizen" was stricken out and
the word "elector" inserted. If there is any
reason that can be made public I should like
to know what it is.
Mr. CONKLING. It will do to make pub-
lic anything that I know on this subject, and I
will make that public in one moment. The
word "citizen,1' -it was suggested, might refer
to minors or to women, and therefore the right
to vote by comparison with other citizens Would
not be guarantied.
.Mr. HENDRICKS. Right on that point, it
seems to me while you are avoiding one dif-
ficulty you run upon the other; because you
say there that all citizens of the United States
of African descent—and that includes the
women, of course—shall vote, the same as all
other electors.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator
will indulge me, it does not say that at all, as
1 understand it, but—
Citizens of the United States of African descent
shall have the same right to vote and to nold office
in the States and Territories as other electors.
Now, the proposition, I understand, is that
that means that female citizens have the right
to vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of African
descent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Are they not-citizens ?
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator thinks that is true it would involve the
insertion of the word "male," which I believe
has been inserted in a number of these amend-
ments other than this. I do not think that is
important enough to discuss. I make no com-
ment upon it, except that if there is any dan-
ger of that this amendment ought to bo per-
fected in that respect,
I have only to add that if any form of amend-
ment has occurred to me in the course of this
long discussion 1 have refrained from sug-
gesting it, and for two reasons tfirst, it
to me that we had a very large assortment ©f
propositions to choose from; and second, be-
cause I know, frqm some experience, in the
matter of constitutional amendments, how fond
one is likely to become of his own offspring.
I have been ready to vote, and I am lead/ to
vote now, foe, any. amendment, whatever its
fori® may be, whatever its paternity may be,
which will present to the States fairly the prop-
osition which we are all really seeking; that
is, the question whether they will surrender or
relinquish, so much of-their jurisdiction, or
supposed jurisdiction; as enables them to dis-
criminate against persons of a particular race
in rcspect to voting and holding office. That
is what my honorable ■ friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson} wants to reach, as I under-
stand him. I shall be glad to vote with him
or with any other Senator for any form of
proposition which will accomplish that object.
If the one before;us, whieh comes from the
Committee on the Judiciary, will accomplish
it, if it be even the sense of a majority of the
Senate thai it.will jjujcomplish it, I shall be
very glad to surrender my judgment, whatever
it may be, and concur with that majority. If,
on the contrary, it is thought that that propo-
sition as it siands is. too o_pen to evasion, that
it falis too far short of what we ought to do,
then jt think we had better take some other
ground, some other form, and see whether we
.cannot perfect that; and my belief is that this
.amendment of the Senator from Michigan,
although it may be criticised as it stands, and
although it may need further alteration, fur-
nishes us a greater promise than we have now
in regard to the other upon'which we have
spent so much time with so little conclusion.
Mr. STEWART. I probably should have
defended the proposition reported by the com-
mittee before, on the occasion when it was
voted down and a substitute adopted; but the
criticism made by the Senator from New York
makes it proper that I should say a word or
two in its defense now. There are two points
in which he suggests that it might be evaded.
He says, in the first place, suppose the States
should attempt to exclude persons for disin-
genuousness of birth.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is that ?
Mr. STE WART. I shall not stop to answer
such a question as that- Now, sir, is not this
disingenuousness of birth referred to by the
Senator from New York fairly a part of the
condition of slavery, owing to die condition of
slavery, and would not any hone,st court so
hold? Again, he says, suppose they should
undertake to exclude them because they were
descended from slaves. No honest judge would
give this amendment such a construction as that.
The right of citizens of the United States—
That is, all classes of citizens of the United
States—
to vote and hold officeshall notbe denied or abridged
by the United States or by any State on aeeount ot
raee, eolor, or previous condition of servitude.
If there is anything growing out of that per-
son's condition of servitude, such as disingen-
uousness of birth, or such as former slavery of
this class of persons the States are prohibited
from disfranchising in consequence of it. This
amendment would rcceive judieial construc-
tion, and there would be no doubt about it.
Now, as to the proposition of the Senator
from Michigan, I can see many objections. I
spent two or three days in attempting to
embody that principle in one proposition. _ I
think I have got a better proposition than his;
but still I do not prefer it to that of the com-
mittee. In his proposition I see a great many
difficulties, and I am quite confident, if it is
adopted now, the Senate will be glad to recede
from it to-morrow. It is not well to adopt
new language upon the spur of the moment, as
experience has shown. / The language used
by the Senator from Michigan in his proposi-
tion is: *
Citizens of the United States of African descent
shall have the same right to vote and to hold ottce
in the States and Territories as other electors.
That is, all citizens of the United States,
wbmen. and chi!(lren: - of African descent,
shall have the same right as electors of the
White race. You can rwilre the qualifications
which shall apply to African .descent, as well
as the others. If you attempt "to evade it, you
can say that for disingehuoosness "of birth no
one shall votg, either of Africati or any other
descent. That is obnoxious tothe amendment.
You can say that persons -yhohave been slaves
shall not vote, whether they are black or white;
and there is as much in that point as in any
point that can be raised against the commit-
tee's proposition. I will^ot jfureue it; but J
undertake to say that, it is Fuji of objections,
and I much' prefer the amendment of the com-
mittee. ;. ' . .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to occupy
one moment of the time of the Senate by th?
clock on the substance of thfe' amendment of
the Senator from Michigan without going into
the argument of my friend" from New York,
Apply that amendment, putting the partic-
ular race into the Constitution, to the State
of Rhode Island, for illustration, where there
are two classes of electors, one acting upon
one rule, and having rights upon one rule,
and the other upon another, and it will
be impossible to tell under which rule these
persons are to come. Must they have prop-
erty like the alien, or can they vote like the
free white native-born citizen? It is impossi-
ble to tell. That is a sufficient illustration to
show that you cannot stand upon any sueh
principle as that. •
Mr, DRAKE. Will the honorable.Senator
from New York be so kind as for a moment
to withdraw his motion to reconsider?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was made by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.3
Mr. DRAKE. I thought it was a motion
made bythe honorable Senator fromNew York.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir ; it was made by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Kentucky be so kind as for a moment to
withdraw his motion to reconsider, that I may
submit a proposition which will perhaps cover
til© C&S6 ?
Mr. DAVIS. With the consent of the hon-
orable Senator from New York I will; but
let us first hear your proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider is withdrawn.
Mr. DRAKE. I move, then, the amend-
ment which I send to the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not withdrawn my
motion. I just asked the honorable Senator
from Missouri to present his proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I ask that it. be read
for information. I think it covers some of the
objections made by the Senator from New
York.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment reads as follows^
No discrimiaation in the exercise by any citizen of
the United States of the elective franchise, or in his
pnvilegeof holding office, shallin any State be baaed
upon the race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude of s.iid citizen or his ancestors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The question
before the Senate is on the motion to recon-
sider, made by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CONKLING._ The yeas and nays were
ordered on that motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say very briefly
that the Senator from Vermont is under an
entire misapprehension as to the mode of ap-
plying the amendment which is now under con-
sideration. The effect of it, if Senators will
look at it carefully, is simply to subject the
African race to the same restrictions and quali-
fications that prevail as to every other class of '
citizens within the State. Of course they would
be subjected to an additional qualification if
the State saw fit to make one, or to a property
qualification, or any other qualification the
State might see fit to apply, except the quali-
fication of race or color.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They would be pat with
the aliens in Rhode Island, then.
