1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
the bill to this_ day two weeks immediately
after the morning hour? The Chair hears
none, and it is so ordered.
RAILROAD IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on the Territories, reported back a bill
(H. R. No. 1041) granting the right of way to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes, with
an amendment in the nature of a substitute
therefor.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows.
That the right of way through the public lands be,
and the same is hereby, granted to the Walla-Walla
and Columbia!^ ver Rail road Company, a corporation
existing under the laws of the Territory of Washing-
ton and duly incorporated, for the purpose of con-
structing a railroad from said town of Walla-Walla
to some eligible point on the navigable waters of said
Columbia liver m said Territory; said right of way
hereby granted to saidrailroad is to the extentof one
hundred feet in width on each side of said road where
it may pass over the public lands; also all necessary
ground, not to exceed five acres at each station, for
station buildings,work-shops, depots.maehine-shops,
switches, side tracks, turn-tables, and water stations.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the county
commissioners of the county of Walla-Walla, in the
Territory of Washington, be, and they are hereby,
authorized and empowered to aid in the construc-
tion ofthe Walla-Walla and OolumbiaRiver rail road,
by subscribing to the capital stock of said Walla-
Walla and Columbia River Railroad Company in
the name and on behalf of said county of Walla-
Walla, a.nd by issuing bonds of said county, payable
at such time as said commissioners shall think proper,
and bearing interest of not more than eight per cent,
per annum in payment for said stock so by them
taken in saidrailroad company, or by issuing bonds
bearing interest as aforesaid, as a loan to said com-
pany, to be used in the construction of said road, or
to aid said company in the construction of said road
by the credit of said county in any other manner the
said commissioners may think proper: Provided,
That thesaid subscription,loan,orother aid so given
by said commissioners to said company shall in no
ease exceed the sum of $300,000: And provided fur-
ther, That the said subscription, loan, or other aid
shall have been submitted to the people of said
county and been voted for by three fourths of the
legal votes cast at an eleetion held for that purpose:
And provided further. That if said vote bo taken at
a spccial olcction tho noticeshall bo the same as pro-
vided by the laws of said Territory for general elec-
tions.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the county
commissioners of the county of Walla-Walla, in the
Territory of Washington, be, and they are hereby,
authorized and empowered to hold a special election
at such times as they may designate, alter twenty
days' public notice, which said election shall be gov-
erned by the general laws of said Territory upon the
subject of elections, at which election the aid to be
given by said county to said Walla-Walla and
Columbia River Railroad Company, either by sub-
scriptions to stock or otherwise, shall be submitted
to and be voted upon by the legal voters of said
county in such manner as said commissioners may
designate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. This bill grants
to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Rail-
road Company, an organization created by the
laws of Washington Territory, the right of
way through any of the public lands from
Walla-Walla to the Columbia river, a distance
of thirty miles, and at each of their stations
or depots they are entitled to take five acres
of the public lands. Otherwise there are no
public lands and there is no occupancy of the
public lands granted.
The county commissioners of Walla-"Walla
county are authorized to subscribe $300,000
to the stock of this company on a vote of three
fourths of all the voters, at an election of which
the same notice is to be given as is given at a
general election in the Territory. There is
no grant of money from the Government in-
volved in the bill. The Government has noth-
ing to lose. I believe the bill is sufficiently
guarded to secure the rights of the people
there in that it requires three fourths of all
the voters to authorize the subscription.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to know if the five
acres for depot grounds includes the two hun-
dred feet in width or is exclusive of it. _ The
bill is not sufficiently definite on that point.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. _ They are to have
one hundred feet on each side ot the road and
five acres in addition.
Mr. PRICE. The bill does not say so.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The land only
costs $1 25 an acre. I have traveled over the
ground, and I would not care to take some of
it at that price.
Mr. PRICE. The bill does not exempt min-
eral lands from occupancy by the company.
It has been the universal custom, in granting
lands and the right of way through the public
lands in the Territories of the United States,
to exempt all mineral lands.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, there are no
mineral lands within a good many miles of this
proposed road from Walla-Walla to the Colum-
bia river.
Mr. PRICE. Is that certain?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It is very certain.
The only point in the bill is whether the House
is willing to authorize the commissioners of
Walla-Walla county, on a vote of three fourths
of its electors, to subscribe to a road to let them
out to the navigable waters of the Columbia.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask my colleague
why it is necessary that we should pass an act
of Congress to authorize a subscription to the
capital stock of this road on behalf of this
county in Washington Territory? Has not the
territorial Legislature power to confer this right
upon the county ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Iam glad to answer
the gentleman that they have not. By an act
which I drew myself no territorial Legislature
has authority to grant any special privileges
whatever. In addition, to this, no territorial
Legislature can dispose of or grant the right of
way over the public lands of the United States.
Mr. JULIAN. How much land does this
bill grant?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. One hundred feet
on each side of the road, and five acres at each
depot where there are public lands. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and the House refused
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My colleague [Mr.
Delano] desires to offer an amendment, and
I will withdraw the previous question to hoar
Mr. DELANO. I offer the following as a
proviso to the last section of the substitute :
Provided, That this grant is made upon thoexpress
condition that any efforts by said company hereafter
to obtain any land grant, subsidy, or pecuniary aid
from the United States Grovernmentshali work a for-
feiture of the grant.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will accept that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to accept it, as the bill is a report from a
committee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, I hope the
House will adopt it. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment to the substitute proposed
by Mr. Delako was agreed to.
The substitute reported by the Committee
on the Territories was then adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not yet en-
grossed, and it therefore goes to the Speaker's
table.
Subsequently Mr. Asiiley, of Ohio, entered
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
TERRITORIAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on the Territories, reported back, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, the
bill (H. R. No. 1624) to preserve the purity
of elections in the several organized Territo-
ries of the United States.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute. «
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that hereafter at all elections in the
Territories of New Mexico, Arizona, Utah,
Colorado, Dakota, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho*
Washington, and Alaska for territorial and
county officers and for Delegates to Congress
the elections shall be conducted as provided
in this act. The Governor of each Territory
shall appoint and commission, at least one
hundred and twenty days prior to each gen-
eral election, four responsible and competent
citizens of each county in the Territory, who
shall be designated a board of canvassers for
the county in which they reside, and said board
shall act until their successors are appointed
and qualified.
The second section provides that the Gov-
ernor, in appointing such board of county can-
vassers, shall select two members of each from
citizens who are recognized members of the
political party having a majority in said county
at the last general election preceding their
appointment, and the remaining two members
of the board shall be appointed from members
of the minority party in such county; or if
there be two or more minority parties, with
distinct political organizations, as contradis-
tinguished from party factions, then from each
of the two minority parties having the largest
number of votes in said county at the last gen-
eral election the Governor shall select one
member of the board; it being the intent and
meaning of this act to secure such a represent-
ation from each party on every board of county
canvassers as will guaranty protection against
fraudulent voting and fraudulent election
returns.
The third section provides that the board of
county canvassers thus appointed and com-
missioned shall, within thirty days after their
appointment, signify their acceptance of the
trust by notifying the Governor and b;y taking
an oath before any officer duly authorized to
administer oaths faithfully to perform tho duties
of the office to which they have been appointed;
whereupon they shall organize by electing one
of their number president and one of their
number secretary; and all papers officially
issued by said board of county canvassers shall
be signed by the president and countersigned
by the secretary; provided that no official paper
shall be issued by any board of county canvass-
ers except by the direction of three members
of such board; and provided further that a
majority of such board shall be necessary to
constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business.
The fourth section provides that if any mem-
ber or all the members of any board of county
canvassers appointed by the Governor, in pur-
suance of this act, shall neglect or refuse to
accept such appointmeut within the time and
as hereinbefore prescribed the Governor shall,
by public proclamation, notify the electors of
said county of that fact, which notice shall be
published in any newspaper he may select in
said county, if there be one published therein,
and if not, then in some newspaper published
at the capital of the Tenitory. The county
committee representing the party of which
such person or persons are members who de-
cline to serve shall, on the publication of said
proclamation, recommend to the Governor
such person or persons as they may desire
appointed to fill the vacancy on said board,
which persons so recommended the Governor
shall appoint; and if the county committee
thus notified fail or neglect within twenty day3
after the publication of said notice to recom-
mend such persons as will serve the Governor
shall appoint from the qualified electors of any
patty in said county the requisite number of
persons to fill all vacancies in such board of
county canvassers.
The fifth section provides that after the
organization of the board of county canvassers
for each county, as hereinbefore prescribed,
they shall appoint and commission,_ at least
sixty days before each general election, four
well known and competent citizens to act as
an election board for each township, ward, or
i voting precinct in such county. Two members
' of every such board shall be selected from the
party which at the last general election in the
