142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Indian Affairs—Mr. Burleigh.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Let us go back for a few years and review
some of our Indian transactions, and see if we
cannot discover a rational cause for our past
and present Indian difficulties. The whole
country, has been shocked with the reports of
Indian wars and outrages. Let us look back
and see if the sin or any part of it lies at our
door.
The Creek treaty, the first in magnitude and
importance under the removal system, was
justly charged with being negotiated without
the authority of the Greek nation. Mr. Benton,
who in his published memoirs has elaborately
considered the subject and was scrupulously
anxious to screen the Government from impu-
tations of injustice, says:
"The treaty was adopted as an act of justice to the
South. The rights and the welfare of the Indians
were minor considerations."
Justice to the South was a concession, with-
out regard to public justice, to the demands of
Georgia and other southern States who coveted
the rich lands then in rightful possession of
the Indians for the avowed purpose of ex-
tending the area of slavery. Mr. Benton calls
it a southern question, and lauds the magna-
nimity of the northern men by whose votes
the treaty was carried in the Senate. The re-
moval of the Indians from the southern States
at that time nearly or quite doubled the area
of slavery.
The Creek treaty was signed at Indian Springs
in 1825; Mcintosh, a chief without due author-
rity, being the principal negotiator on the part
of the Indians. lie and the chief with him,
who was foremost in making the treaty, were
justly execrated by thedisaffected party of the
Creek nation as soon as the existence of the
obnoxious instrument became known. The
disaffected Indians were open and bold in their
opposition to the treaty, and determined upon
forcible resistance to the execution of it. Geor-
gia icsolved, without waiting for the action of
the General Government, to take forcible pos-
session of the territory ceded by the pretended
treaty. John Quincy Adains, who was then
President, became satisfied that the treaty had
been made without due authority and that its
execution ought not to be enforced. He inter-
posed the power of the General Government,
therefore, and sent General Gaines with Federal
troops to Georgia to arrest the proceedings,
and finally assembled the chiefs and head men
ot the tribe at Washington and concluded a
new treaty, which annulled the first one and
changed some of its features most objection-
able to the Indians. This second treaty was
earned in the Senate with considerable diffi-
culty, being opposed by the southern Senators,
who objected to the clause which amended the
Mcintosh tieaty on I he ground that it implied
a censure upon its authors.
Iliis second tieaty, however, was anything
but satisfactory to the Creek nation ; hut be-
ing ostensibly concluded by authority, was sub-
mitted to as such treaties are generally sub-
mitted to on the part of the Indians—as a neces-
sary evil. It was obtained as Indian treaties
usually are obtained, by fraud, the foulest
bribery having >been resorted to achieve the
inglorious triumph. Out of $217,BOO, the
amount stipulated to be paid to the Creek nation
immediately after the ratification of the treaty,
tlie modest yum of IbOjOOO was by sscrfit agrGS"
ment to be retained as a private fund and di-
vided among the chief's, or certain of them who
had negotiated the treaty. The discovery of
this fraud was made after the treaty was rati-
fied and before the appropriation to carry it
into effect was made. Measures were taken,
but whether they were ever carried out or not
is unknown, to defeat the fraud by making a
distribution ot the corruption fund among the
Creek nation. He must be an inveterate con-
fidence man who believes that tjiis was ever
done.
Again, the treaty under which the Cherokees j
were removed from Georgia and Alabama was '!
a still more glaring instance of injustice. Its
history is a foul blot upon the annals of our
Government. Prom its inception to its con-
summation it was a monstrous fraud upon the
Indians.
If nations under a just Providence are to be
rewarded or punished in this world according
to their deeds—and we have no authority in
Revelations or reason for presuming upon na-
tional accountability in a future state—we may
regard all the massacres, outrages, troubles,
and expense which have been entailed upon us
by our Indian policy as but insignificant items
to our credit in the retributive account which
must sooner or later be made up between us
and the red man.
The Cherokee treaty was concluded at New
Echota, in 1835, notoriously without authority
on the part of the Indians. The chiefs who
negotiated it, or, to speak more plainly, from
whom it was extorted, were few in number and
not recognized as such by their people, but
acted without authority and in direct opposition
to a vast majority of the Cherokee nation. The
treaty conceded to us about eleven million acres
of the best land in Georgia and Alabama, then
held by this semi-civilized people, and to a
great extent cultivated by them. The con-
sideration was merely nominal. Every stu-
dent of American history must remember the
excitement which this treaty produced through-
out the country and the influence it exerted
upon our national politics. When the treaty
was presented in the Senate Mr. Clay offered
a protest against its ratification, and to adopt
in its place this resolve :
" That the instrument purporting to be a treaty
concluded at New Echota between the United States
and the chiefs and. head men of the Cherokees was
not made and concluded by authority of the Chero-
kee nation competent to bind it, and therefore the
Senate cannot consent to advise the ratification
thereof."
The treaty was confiimed, however, after a
long discussion—by a strict party vote and by
a majority of one only—unjust and fraudulent
as it was. Its execution was decreed and in-
sisted upon by the Government in spite of the
continued remonstrance and determined oppo-
sition of a vast majority of the Cherokee na-
tion.^ This majority maintained that they were
not in any manner bound to the fulfillment of
the treaty to which they had never assented,
and resolved that they would not remove from
their country in compliance with its stipula-
tions, if it were possible to avoid it. Govern-
ment, decided to effect, the removal by force,
if necessary, and Georgia raised a large body
of volunteers to aid in the ignoble design.
General Scott was ordered to New Echota
to accomplish the removal, peaceably if pos-
sible, but at the point of the bayonet if need
be. The inflamed and greedy volunteers were
already on the ground, with claims in their
pockets for the land, which had been divided
in advance between them by a sort of lottery.
A gentleman who was in Georgia at the time,
and had an opportunity to hear General Scott
freely express his sentiments upon the subject
of his mission, was curious enough to reduce
his remarks to writing immediately after they
were uttered. The memory of General Scott
deserves that these words should be made
public ; they were literally as follows. He
said:
•.'w?'m^cubar?e(i w!,th the execution of the treaty
with the Cherokees, by which they are to remove on
the 23d of the present month, (May, 1837.) I am to
cause the treaty to be carried into effect and the In- 1
mans to remove, peaceably if possible, but forcibly ;
it necessary. I shall make the bayonet the very last I
resort, and snail ctmsider it very unfortunate tor the I
?£Iin. *y ai L°0<* 1S 'n enforcing the treaty. 1
beoigia, Alabama, South Carolina, and Tennessee
mn ^nnt f?r th,e,®xec«tion of the treaty, but it
?„ t t? ?red 'katfhere aie twenty-two other
^ 'he whole Union is commit-
ted in this thing. If there be butchery in the busi-
?peMi "pon therTe w.m be a cry of horror
throughout the country. It will be a stain upon the
annals ot our country—a damning disgrace. There
11 a rerystrrac; feeling ]n a ]arge portion 0f t[lc
countiy of injustice in compelling the Cherokees to
remove under this treaty, and I repeat it, should
there be butchery in the matter wc shall be damned
to everlasting fame in a large portion of the coun-
try, in Europe, and throughout the civilized woild
in song, in poetry, in oratory, in the pulpit, and iti
the lasting records of history; and who would wish
to connect himself with such infamy?
"The treaty was made by about three tenths of the
Cherokee nation and seven tenths are in opposition
to it and will not go until they are carried away. The
President says the treaty is the supreme law of tho
land, and Congress says so, too, and it is not for me,
a soldier, to disobey their orders in regard to it."
Those who had bsen the active parties in
making this treaty were already on the ground,
" with their patents in their pockets," "eager
to seize the land." The cupidity of our own
people, aided by the strong arm of Federal
power, had conceived and completed this whole-
sale act of robbery upon these poor Indians.
With the Cherokees and kindred tribes about
this time our wholesale system of national ra-
pacity toward this people was thoroughly inau-
gurated. These and kindred acts of disgraceful
injustice were construed by many of our people
into a national license to the commission of
every act of cruelty and wrong toward the
whole Indian race, and from that time to the
present has served as a pretext or excuse for
any and every act of fraud toward this people.
But, sir, the enormity of this great crime on the
part of our Government was followed by others
of a similar nature. Old treaties were abro-
gated by the arbitrary and despotic mandates
of Federal authority, and new ones prescribed
and forced upon the poor Indians at the point
of the bayonet when ever their lands were wanted
and the Indians refused to surrender their right
to them peaceably.
By the treaties between the Government and
the Creeks of 1790, 1796, 1802, 180-5, 1814,
1818, and 1821, the United States, by its com-
missioners, guarantied to the Creek nation the
perpetual right to all the lands occupied by
them in the State of Georgia. In the ratifica-
tion of these treaties, the Senate of the United
States, as a part of the treaty-making power
of the Goverurn?nt, indorsed the bond and
affixed its seal to it. The House of Repre-
sentatives gave its sanction by making the ne-
cessary appropriations to carry each of these
successive treaties into effect. By these nego-
tiations the Government not only bound itself
to secure to the Indians the peaceful and un-
disputed possession of their lands, but obli-
gated itself to protect them in their full and
free enjoyment. (See Statutes-at-Large, vol. 7,
page 35, articles five and six of treaty.) And
not only this, but they guarantied them full
and ample protection against the rapacity of
all white intruders who should attempt to in-
vade their country.
By seven solemn treaties with the Creeks,
by eleven equally solemn negotiations with the
Cherokees, and as many more with the Chick-
asaws and Choctaw nations, between the years
1785 and 1825, the Government of the United
States, in consideration of the cession of apart
of their territory, guarantied perpetual posses-
sion and perfect security in the enjoyment of
their rights. To these Indians national faith
was plighted, and as often broken. National
guaranties of security were given to the Indians
without the intention of keeping faith. A sys-
tem of robbery, rapine, and murder was here
inaugurated by Federal sanction and by Federal
action, which has resulted in degrading, brutal-
izing, and annihilating the Indian race.
But there is another example still more
striking than these. In the darkest htiur of
our revolutionary war with Great Britain, when
our forefathers were struggling for life against
the gigantic power and vast resources of the
mother country, the proud mistress of the
ocean, a flickering ray of hope was shed on
the gloom overshadowing their cause by two
treaties of alliance made with the United States,
one on the part of France and the other on the
part of the Delaware nation, both of them con-
cluded with great solemnity and ratified by
acts of Congress in 1778. Great Britain had
