3.318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1;7,
Mr. HOWARD. They-would be put with
the aliens, if they were aliens; but if thpy were
not aliens, they would not be put with the
aliens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not follow.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, it does.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Dixon] is paired with the Senator
from 31aine, [Mr. 1?essenden.] -
The question being taken by-yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas-16, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Harlan,
Howard, Nye,Osbora, Patterson of N ew Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Robertson. Sawyer, Tipton, War-
ner, Welch, and Williams—-16.
■ NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Buekatew, Cragui, Davis,
Drake, Edmunds. Ferry, rrelinghuysen, Harris,Hen-
dricks, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of Tennessee.
■Pool, Rice, Ross.SauIsbury.Spencer.Stewart,Thayer,
Vickejs, Wade.Whyto. Wilson, and Yates—29.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Gameron,
Cattell. Conness, Corbett, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessen-
den. Fowler, (irim'es. Henderson, Howe, Morrill Of
Maine, Norton, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trum-
bull. Van Winkle, and Willey—21.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. Is the proposition now open
to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It depends
on the form of the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to substitute what I
send to the Chair for the clause that is the're.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is the
amendment read a short time since the Chair
rules it out of order.
Mr. DRAKE. Upon what ground out of
order?
Mr. HENDRICKS, The Chair is not bound
to give a reason.
Mr, EDMUNDS. lie has a good one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ground
is this: it proposes to strike out the precipe
proposition which has been agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole by the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. And before that proposition
was adopted by the Senate, in answer to an
inquiry of the Senator from New York, if I
tun not mistaken, the Chair expressly stated
that the proposition would be open to amend-
ment in every form after it was adopted in the
Senate ; thai it might be struck out, might be
amended in any form ; and upon that ground
i voted for it.; and now, alter it is adopted, we
are met with a decision of tho Chair that auy
proposition to strike it out or amend it is out
of order. If that be the case, if that be (he
ruling of the Chir, the Chair has ruled in a dif-
ferent way before and after the adoption of the
jiropositiou. Tlieu, the Senate has been placed
in a false position to-night by seeming to adopt
that which it did not intend to adopt without
the possibility of making an amendment of it
afterward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will stale the parliamentary law on the subject.
I do not know whether the Senator alludes to
the ruling of thepiesent occupant of the Chair
or somebody else. Tlfo parliamentary law is
precisely th ia; that amendments which have
been agreed to in committee and concurred in
in the Senate cannot be amended except by the
addition of new matter or by a substitution for
the whole proposition in which that maybe in-
cluded.
Mr. DRA KE. This does embrace new mat-
ter. I ask for the reading of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the new matter matter
of substance?
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the reading of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is not very material
to the Senator from Missouri it would be an
accommodation for us to go on now and vote.
Mr, DRAKE. I shall not occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate long. I have not occupied
>t at nil either as long or as pleasantly and
gracefully as the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana has. I hope he will be patient with me
for a little while, as he has not much longer
time to be troubled by me. fLaushter.1
Mr. HENDRICKS. I come down. [Laugh-
ter. ]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- !
mem will be read. . |
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment reads as follows: ,, .
No discrimination in reference to the exercise by
any citizen of the United States of the elective fran-
chise, or his privilege of holding office, shall, in any
State, be based upon the race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude of such citizen or his ancestors.
Mr. DRAKE. The Chair will -perceive at
once that this introduces a new eleinent into
the whole thing, changes the whole character
of it; and that is, the reference to the ancestry
of the party. I submit to the Chair whether
that does not take it out of the ruling of the
Chair and authorize its being offered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. While this
is a different proposition yet it strikes but the
precise thing the Senate has agreed to; and
striking out the thing the Senate has agreed
to the Chair rules is not in order. Does the
Senator appeal?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to say a word on that
subject. It was the present occupant of the
chair who, in answer to an interrogatory by the
Senator from New York, before the amend-
ment made in committee was voted upon by
the Senate, announced that the adoption of
that amendment in the Senate would not pre-
clude this amendment or its being struck out,
and therefore it was that the Senate voted for
it, or at least I'did, because I never approved
this form, and do not wish to vote for it now
if I can possibly avoid it, believing that it is
one which, after the discussion we have had,
no seven gentlemen in this Senate could be got
together who over would agree upon it as our
original proposition in a committee of this
body; and yet they adhere to it with the most
fixed determination, apparently; and now we
have got it fastened upon us, upon an announce-
ment of the Chair in advance that tho act of
adopting it did not fasten it upon us, so that
wo could not get rid of it. For that reason I
appeal from the decision of the Chair; but
as I do not wish to prolong the time of the
Senate, but merely to expressmyself in regard
to the manner in which this thing has been fast-
ened upon the Senate, probably against its will,
I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. VICKERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. This amendment will not effect as
much as that proposed by my honorable friend
from the State of Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury.]
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator send up his amendment to the desk and
have it road, that wo may see if it is in order?
The CiuicF Ci.krk. The amendment is to
inscit after the word "servitude," in the fif-
teenth line, the following:
No citizen of tho United States shall bo deprived
of tho right of suffrage by any State by reason of
bavins? participated in tho late insurrection against
tho United States, and who liasnotboen convicted of
orindioted for treason against theUnited States, but
that such person bofore Doing entitled to voto shall
rnnkc oath or affirmation to support the Constitution
of the United States and all lansmadoin pursuance
thereof.
Mr. VICKERS. Is that amendment in
order 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that as this amendment does not propose
to strike out anything that has been adopted it
is in order. ["QuestionI" "Question!"]
Mr. VICKERS. One moment. I will not
detain the Senate. I was going to say that this
amendment, if adopted, will not effect so much
as that suggested by the honorable Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbcry. ] He illus-
trated his position by comparing us to blue
swine. The Senator might runoutthatparallel
by saying that we were both animals ; secondly,
that both walked; thirdly, that both slept;
fourthly, that both eat; fifthly, that both were
greedy; sixthly, that both cared for nobody but
themselves ; and the only difference is that wo
are not all blue. I suppose that the Senator ;
thought that " that which we call a rose by !j
any other name would smell as sweet." This il
amendment, differs somewhat from that offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin, ,[Mr. Doolit-
tle.] His amendment included the right to
hold office as well as the right to vote. This
confines it entirely and exclusively to the right
to vot®.. Now, sir, while we are so careful in
considering the rights of the negro, perhaps it
would bring about an era of good feeling, par-
ticularly in the southern section of the country,
if we were to adept this amendment., and I am
sure it would popularise t,he constitutional
amendment pow .before us. I ask for the yeas
and nays on tie amendment.
The yeas and nays were ,not ordered. •
The amendment was rejected.
The joint-resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, ^nd was read the
third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution having been read three times, the
question is,-Shall it pass?
Mr. STEWART and others. On thg.t ques-
tion let us have the yeas and nays. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It must be
taken by yeas and nays, as it requires a two-
thirds vote.
Mr. FERRY. , My colleague [Mr. Dixon]
wishes me to state that he is paired on this
question with the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
b essenden.l
Mr. YATES. On thisquestion I am paired
with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
little.] If he were present he would voto
against the joint resolution and I would vote
for it.
Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. - I desire to state
that my colleague [Mr. Cattell] is also paired
with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
little. ] My colleague would have voted for
the resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Cragin, Drake, Edmunds. Ferry, Ifrelinghuysen, liar-
Inn, Hums, Kellogg, McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson of NcwIIamp-
shire, Pomcro.v, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Rosa. Sawyer. Spencer, Stewart, Thayer. Van Win-
kle, Wade. Warner, Welch, Willey, Williams and
Wilson—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Fowler,
Hendricks, McCreery, Norton, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Saulsbury, Vickers. and Whyte—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Conness, Corbett, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendcn,
Grimes, Henderson, Howard, Howo, Morrill of
Maine,, Nye, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Y ates—20.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.- Two thirds
of the Senate having voted in the affirmative,
the joint resolution is passed.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
. The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 17,1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
election contest—louisiana.
Mr. UPSON, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report upon the election con-
test in regard to tho second congressional dis-
trict of Louisiana ; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The resolutions accompanying the report
are as follows:
Resolved. That Simon Jones, not having received a
majority of the votes cast for Representative in this
House from th'esecond congressional district, of Louis-
iana, is not entitled to a seat therein as such Repre-
sentative.
Resolved, That neither J. Willis Menard nor Caleb
S. Hunt is entitled to a seat in this House as a Rep-
resentative from the second congressional district of
Louisiana, to fill the vaoaney caused by the death of
James Mann.
Mr. UPSON. My colleague on the Com-
mittee of Elections, the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr,] desires to submit a minority
report in this case. As he is not now in his
■seat, I ask permission for him to make his
