1869.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
40th Oonu....3d Sess.
Indian Affairs—Mr. Burleigh.
Ho. of Reps.
subsidized the Six Nations, the Mohawks, the
Iroquois, and other tribes, and armed them to
aid the troops of the Crown in their efforts to
defeat the colonial forces. The emissaries of
George III had circulated reports among the
Indian tribes that the United States designed
to extirpate the Indians and take possession of
their country ; and it was necessary to pledge
the faith of the Government to the Delawares
by that solemn treaty so as to arrest the disasters
of the war and secure the aid and cooperation
of that powerful nation. On the 17th of Sep-
tember, 1778, said treaty was concluded at
Fort Pitt underthe title of "Articles of agree-
ment and confederation," made and entered
into by Andrew and Thomas Lewis, esqs.,
commissioners for and in behalf of the United \
States of one part, and Captain White-Byes,
Captain John Kill-Buck, jr., and Captain Pipe,
deputies and chief men of the Delaware nation
of the other part. By this treaty all former
offenses were mutually forgiven, and perpetual
peace and friendship declared to subsist be-
tween the United States and the Delaware
nation from thenceforth through all succeeding
generations; a perpetual alliance, offensive
and defensive, declared; an engagement on
the part of the Delawares to aid the United
States by furnishing their best and most expert
warriors; to permit the United States troops
to pass through the lands of the Delaware na-
tion: to supply the colonial troops with corn,
meat, horses, and everything else within their
power. And in order that the old men, women,
and children of the Indians should be protected
while their warriors were battling for their own
liberties and the liberties of our fathers, the
United States agreed to build a fort to shelter
and defend them against the dreaded attacks
of the Mohawks and the Six Nations, and gar-
rison it with United States troops if any could
be spared.
The fourth article provides for the adminis-
tration of justice by impartial trials before
judges or juries of both parties, according to
the laws, customs, and usages of the contract-
ing parties, and for the surrender and delivery
of criminal fugitives, servants, and slaves es-
caping from the respective States of the Dela-
ware nation and the United States.
The fifth article declares that the confeder-
ation entered into by the Delaware nation and
the United States renders the Indians depend-
ent on us for clothing equipments, and muni-
tions of war ; to provide for which an Indian
trading agent is to be appointed by the United
States, with an adequate salary, whose chief
aim is to be the advancement of the mutual
interests of the confederating parties.
The sixth article recites that—
" The enemies of the United States have endeavored
by every artifice in their power to possess the Indians
in general with an opinion that it is the design of
the States aforesaid to extirpate the Indians and
take possession of their country; to obviate such
false suggestions the United States do engage to
guaranty to the aforesaid nation of Delaware and
their heirs all their territorial rights in thefullestand
most ample manner, as ithath been bounded by for-
mer treaties, as long as they, the said Delaware na-
tion,shall abide by and hold fastthechamoffriend-
sliip now entered into. And it is further agreed on
between the contracting parties, should it be found
conducive for the mutual interest of both parties, to
invito any other tribes who have been friends to the
interest of the United Slates to join the present con-
federation and to form a State whereof the Delaware
nation shall be the head, and have a representation
in Congress. "
By the law of nations this treaty bound the
United States to protect the rights thus guar-
antied to the Delaware nation. The territorial
right, of eminent domain to a State as large as
Pennsylvania was expressly conceded to the
Delawares as a nation by this treaty. It was
under these promises and guarantees that the
most expert and best warriors of that nation
went forth to battle for the cause of liberty for
themselves and our forefathers, ilany of the
best scouts were drawn from the warriors of
the Delawares. Six hundred effective warriors !
were furnished General Washington by this '
devoted tribe during one season. The United
States and the Delawares were both fighting on
the same issue—for independence of the British
Crown and of all the world. The brave war-
riors of the Indian nation fought our battles;
the tribe supplied our troops with food -and
horses; we paid them in continental money,
unredeemed specimens of which remain among
the Delawares to this day; the war of independ-
ence closed .with a halo of glory; the cele-
brated Delaware chief, Hengue Pushees, had
won the rank of lieutenant colonel for his cour-
age, daring, and efficiency as a scout. He was
gratefully thanked by General .Washington for
his invaluable services in the war of the Revo-
lution ; and this red hero, with his brave fol-
lowers, went home to their wigwams to prepare
for the admission of their State into the Union.
Where are they now? Alas! their braves
are no more; their hearts have been broken by
our ingratitude, by our base refusal to keep our
treaty stipulations. On the 21st of January,
1785, (see Indian Treaties, page 16,) they are
removed with the Wyandotts to Ohio and
Indiana; this is to be the new State promised
them. On the 9th of January, 1789, (page 28,)
a part of the land ceded is. taken away ; on the
3d of August, 1795, (page 49,) many other In-
dian tribes are placed on the Delaware lands ;
in June, 1803, (page 74,) their boundaries .are
diminished ; on the 18th of August, 1804, (page
81,) they surrender more of their lands ; on the
4th of July, 1805, (page 87,) a new boundary is
established, and on the 21st of August, 1805,
(page 95,) the Delawares release to the United
States a portion of their lands ; on. the 30th of
September, 1809, (page 113,) another cession
is made to the United States, and the United
States commissioners pretended that the lands
allotted to the Delawares and Wyandotts be-
longed to the Miamis; on the 22d July, 1814,
(page 118,) the war with Great Britain induced
us to make a second war treaty with the Dela-
wares to procure their aid, and to make a second
faithless promise to establish the boundaries of
their lands forever ; on the 8th of September,
1815, (page 131,) the,United States recognized
the fidelity of the Delawares in taking up the
tomahawk and going on the war-path in defense
of their unselfish allies, of the pale faces; on
the 8d of October, 1818, they ceded all their
lands in Indiana, the Ohio lands having been
ceded before ; they removed to the White river
in Missouri and Arkansas, and on the 24th of
September, 1829, (page 326,) they are removed
to the lands between the Kansas and Missouri
rivers, and a broken fragment of the nation that
had gone to Cape Girardeau, in 1793, where
they had received a grant from the Spanish
governor for lands west of the Mississippi, was
also driven west of the Missouri into Kansas.
But they are to hold these Kansas lands forever;
this was to be their last removal; the bounda-
ries were fixed by two large rivers, and the
othertwo lines made the square complete which
they were to hold forever. They were now
happy ; they had made great progress in agri-
culture and manufactures, in the raising of
horses, sheep, and cattle; and another fragment
of the nation had been removed from a fertile,
beautiful tract of land on the Sandusky river to
a permanent home in Kansas, underthe promise
that the Delaware nation should thereby be
united under one head, and that thirty-six
sections of land should be appropriated for the
establishment of schools for the education of
the Delaware children.
Where are these brave Delawares now?
They have been-driven from this last perma-
nent home down near the Canadian river, and
a pitiful tract of eighteen miles square is all
the territory that remains for this once mighty
nation which was to form a State ; to have rep-
resentation m Congress; to hold the vast lands
held by them in 1778 by fixed boundaries as
an independent State. That pitiful tract of
eighteen miles square of land would hardly
furnish sepulture for the heroes of that nation
who have sacrificed their lives in battle in two
great wars, and for the martyrs of that nation
whose blood has been shed and whose hearts
have been broken by the tyranny, ingratitude,
and cruelty of this magnanimous Government,
whose Christian mission has been proudly pro-
claimed to the world to be to protect, nourish,
cherish, civilize, educate, and defend these
wards and pupils of American civilization!
With the history of this Indian nation before
us, these friends of William Penn, these-allies
and soldiers of George Washington, these allies
and soldiers of General Harrison, will not be
disturbed in their new home until someadjoin-
ing marauding band of pale-faced robbers covet
it and apply to the Government of the United
States to further protect, cherish, and be-
friend their ancient allies, the Delawares, by
driving them back to the waste of the Ameri-
can desert, where they will perish of hunger
and furnish a poor repast for the prairie wolves!
The Government of the United States will
sooner or later be called upon to answer for
these crimes against humanity—not before the
executive department, which has been instru-
mental in negotiating these treaties; nor before
the Supreme Court, whose decisions have un-
justly taken away the protection of treaties
and of the Federal Constitution from these
children of the Republic ; nor before the Sen-
ate, where all these unjust treaties have been
ratified ; nor before the House of Representa
tives, which has appropriated all the means
necessary to carry them into effect, and the
blood-money also for the extirpation of this
people whom we had agreed to protect; but at
the bar of Eternal Justice, where the spirits of
the warriors and chiefs of these nations will
stand the equals of the Presidents, judges, Sen-
ators, and Representatives of our people, and
receive judgment on this long indictment—a
judgment that shall direct an execution too
terrible to be recorded, and without which the
awful retributious of Divine Providence could
not be sustained.
The confiding Indians believed in the sin-
cerity, the lasting good faith of the Government
when they made these first treaties. I now ask
this House and the nation if their loss of all
faith and confidence in this Government and
its people is not as just as it is here easily ac-
counted for? Every one of these treaties were
made with- the most solemn assurances on the
part of the Government that all of their pro-
visions should be fulfilled, knowing at the same
time and intending, without even suggesting
it to the Indians, that they were to be violated
by this moral, Christian nation, whenever a
profitable opportunity should present itself.
I have dwelt thus long upon the dealings of
our Government with the Indian tribes of the
country to show that our past and present wars
and disturbances with these people are justly
chargeable to heartless usurpations, national
bad faith, and cruel treatment toward them,
and not to the faithlessness of a few Indian
agents, about which we have heard so much
of late;—especially from the chairman of the
Military Committee of this House, who appears
to be the champion of the measure which pro-
poses to turn the management of all our Indian
at&irs over to the War Department.
Never before were such insignificant causes
assigned for such terrible consequences. A
nation scourged with war, robbery, and mur-
der for three fourths of a century, for the
crimes of an exceptional few of its people,
while the most flagrant wrongs are allowed to
go unpunished. Who so unmindful of the
teachings of history, who so blind to the deal-
ings of God with the nations of the earth, as
to believe that the terrible war, the fiery trials,
the fearful carnage, the wide-spread desolation,
and all the horrors from which our nation is
now emerging, crippled, impoverished and de-
moralized, have been caused by the cruelty
a few hard task-masters to some of the four
millions of poor downtrodden slaves, whose
