THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
portion of the Army not otherwise employed
may be assigned to duty in the construction of
this canal, and all enlisted men shall receive
the same extra duty pay which they receive by
law or Army regulations for labor upon any
military roads or fortifications. All payments
are to be made through the pay department in
the manner and upon the vouchers prescribed^
by law and the Army regulations for the quaif
termaster's department, and returns mad^To
the Quartermaster General in the manner regu-
lated by law for that department.
The bill further provides that the canal shall
at all times during the season of navigation be
kept open to the free use of the United States,
and that until otherwise ordered by law all
foreign vessels, lake crafts, and rafts shall pay
the same tolls imposed on like vessels, lake
crafts, and rafts by the Welland canal in Can-
ada West in the year 1864. It is also provided
in the bill for the regulation, management,
and care of said caual after it shall have been
constructed, and that proper surety be given
for the faithful performance of all duties con-
nected therewith, all to be under the direction
of and subject to the approval of the War
Department; and further, that said Depart-
ment shall make all needful rules and regula-
tions consistent with the laws of the United
States conceraiug the navigation of said canal,
and provide such fines for their violation as
may be deemed necessary, all of which shall
be, subject to the approval of the President of
the United States.
The bill further provides that the President
shall cause to be made by skillful engineers all
necessary preliminary surveys and examinations
of I he different routes proposed, and from them
and those which have already been made and on
file he shallproceed, by the aid of commissioners
appointed by him for thatpurposo, to locate the
route for the said canal, having a due regard
to permanency of its construction and its
greatest advantages for military, naval, and
commercial purposes. To accomplish all this
it is provided that ยง12,000,000 shall be appro-
priated, or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary, to be drawn and paid out as the work
proceeds. I have every assurance that this
amount will be amply sufficient to finish the
work. The estimates for labor and material
were made, to my knowledge, in many instances
above what they can be obtained for even
now, and we can reasonably hope that before
this work could be entered upon, should this
bill become a law, labor, ana especially ma-
terials of all kinds, will be still lower than at
the present time. As prosperity advances the
condition of the country becomes more and
more settled, and taxation consequently re-
duced, such works can be prosecuted with
greater advantage to the Government and with
a corresponding reduction in cost. It is con-
fidently believed that the amount asked will
pot all of it be needed ; but if it be required
it will be an investment worthy of a great peo-
ple and a wise Government, inasmuch as it
will be another and final link in the great
chain of communication that bounds our
northern frontier, through which will pass the
surplus production of so many millions of in-
dustrious and enterprising freemen living along
those inland seas and upon the broad prairies
and fields of an empire beyond boundless in
its resources, and almost limitless in its ex-
tent.
The reasons for the adoption of this measure
by Congress, and consequently for the con-
struction of this great national work, are man-
ifold and sufficient. It being a national work,
demanded by every consideration of national
honor and commercial advantage, it commends
itself to us all with the weight of its vast im-
portance. Why should we, with resources and
energy unparalleled as a people, having vindi-
cated our superiority m every possible way
that a great and powerful people can, with all
the facilities for constructing our own lines of
communication upon our own soil, with every
necessary advantage, too, over all our neigh-
bors, why, I ask, should we continue to pay
tribute to their power and resources, and en-
courage at the sacrifice of our own interests
their enterprise and energy? Thus far a very
large proportion of all the business done on the
Welland canal has been American, and I may
say that American enterprise and American
^dabor and commerce have constructed and
maintained thus far this Canadian canal; and
in the certain prospect of such support being
continued the Canadian Government is antici-
pating its enlargement to meet the increasing
demands of our greatly extending commerce.
Shall our neglect to do our duty, foster such a
purpose, and tend to bring about such a result
is the question for this House to settle, and it
should be settled now.
The great lakes will bo united in some way
by water communication, and such communi-
cation will be used by our people engaged in
commerce, if such use can be made advantage-
ous to their commercial and business interests.
The use of the Welland canal thus far, with
its very limited capacity, is proof conclusive of
the utility of such a work and of the advantages
it does and will afford to the commerce of the
great lakes. When we remember the hostility
of our Canadian neighbors during our late de-
plorable civil war; their threatening attitude ;
their defiant words ; their warlike preparations;
their sympathy for our enemies; and their appa-
rent, and I may say real, hatred of us, does it not
suggest to us that to depend upon them for these
commercial facilities and advantages is putting
our trust in an uncertainty and hazarding, by
our delay and inaction, our very best and high-
est commercial interests ? If it be said that in
case of a rupture between us we would take
and appropriate to our own use their canal
and its benefits, it is sufficient to say in reply,
that while this would be our object in any event,
whether we had a canal of our own or not, a
wise people, with such constantly increasing
commerce, cannot afford to wait for such a
contingency, earnestly hoped never to arise,
and in the mean time pour into their treasury
from our own honest industry and enterprise
an amount sufficient to construct a canal for
ourselves far better and greatly more to our
advantage than theirs. This argument is too
simple and puerile to admit of serious consid-
eration. Thus much we say in connection with
the national aspect of this question: it is bound
up in the national honor, and no longer should
the work be delayed than to amply prepare
for its rapid progress and successful comple-
tion.
Again, the importance of this great work can
be seen by contemplating the military advan-
tages to be derived from its construction. Con-
centration is a principle in strategy too well
understood to be undervalued, and great effi-
ciency is very often imparted to military force
by it. In a time of war its advantages would
be to give celerity to the movements of forces,
munitions of war, shipping, and all the mate-
rial of an army, and enable us to throw upon
one lake or another, as the situation might re-
quire, all our resources and strength. In this
aspect this work would be of very great advan-
tage. The British and Canadian Governments
understand the benefits to be derived from
such internal communications and havq acted
wisely and provided them for their use, while
our Government has been resting supinely for
half a century under severe disabilities as to
the defense of the lake frontier jimposed by the
treaty of 1817, while also the British Govern-
ment has been pursuing steadily and effectively
a policy looking to the complete command of
the lakes by a sufficient naval force, whenever
she chooses to assert it, through the medium
of her internal canals.
She has paid for them thus far over twenty
million dollars, and is projecting others to
complete her line of communication so as to
command all our lake border. These works
were constructed avowedly as military works,
and during our late war she frequently boasted,
in her press and otherwise, that she could pass
gunboats from Montreal to Kingston in twenty-
four hours and to Lake Erie in less than forty-
eight hours, which was and is undoubtedly
true. While by existing treaty these vessels
of war cannot be kept on the lakes, the fact
that they can be thus concentrated by the Eng-
lish Government at a given point on our bor-
der and suddenly thrown upon our undefended
and extensive frontier should be a matter of
great concern to us, and demands the utmost
vigilance and prompt attention and action of
our Government in providing facilities equally
adequate to defend the vast interests of our
commerce and give ample protection to the
vast number of our people along the border,
now defenseless and unprotected. Thus ex-
posed there is a shore line of over three thou-
sand miies, forming a navigable water bound-
ary for eight of the most important States of
the Union, with a population in 1860 of over
nine millions. All along and upon their coast
and accessible to attacks from the water are
towns, villages, and cities teeming with a pop-
ulation of more than a million of our most
enterprising, industrious, and wealthy citizens,
engaged in agriculture, manufactures, and com-
merce, and still there is no complete connec-
tion between these lakes upon our side and
under our control by which we can throw our
strength and resources, in case of an emergency,
upon one point or another, as might be neces-
sary to give protection or repel invasion.
This one link alone is wanting to make our
intercourse between all these lakes complete ;
and how inconsiderable the expense necessary
to complete the connection, in view of the great
importance of it to the Government and its
absolute necessity to put our northern frontier
in a condition of security, and to give such
protection to our citizens and their property
which it is our duty to render under all circum-
stances and at all times. It is the constitutional
duty of the General Government "to provide
for the general safety and welfare." On the
upper lakes the commercial marine is almost
exclusively American, and from this fact may
be learned the vast interests that the Govern-
ment is bound to protect and defend. Nothing
crippled us so much during the last war with
England as the want of this very communica-
tion between the lakes, while it was the most
serious ohstacle to our arms. In the event of
another war with England the struggle, of ne-
cessity, must be along these lakes and rivers ;
and knowing this the English Government has
wisely provided necessary facilities, by means
of her inland canals, to give the most ample pro-
tection to her frontier, and at the same time
be able to throw all her strength upon any
point along our northern boundary, while we
are and would be powerless to resist, or even
protect ourselves or our property. Justice to
our people doing business on our lakes and
who dwell on our frontier demands that this
condition of things should no longer exist.
Nowhere on earth in any civilized Govern-
ment are so many and so vast public and pri-
vate interests permitted to remain thus exposed
to destruction, and completely at the mercy of
an unfriendly Power.
This measure is urged, then, as one of urgent
military necessity. It cannot be neglected
longer without great fault, and its importance
in a time of war cannot be well overestimated.
To guard every point on our extended frontier
by fortifications would be impossible; besides,
it would swell the military expenses of the
Government to an inconceivable amount and
require a vastly greater number of men than
should be used for such a result. Our system
of warfare hasundergone of late a great change.
While fortifications will not be entirely aban-
doned the system of gun-boat fighting will be
substituted as a means of protection and defense
to a very great extent. To make this efficient
celerity of movement is required, and means of
transmission and every facility for rapid com-
munication must be afforded. In the great
aggregate the defense is more perfect and cer-
tain and the expense incident thereto far less
and more definite. Construct tins great work,
and in six months of war with England and
Canada it would save in property on the lakes
