1320
THE COMJEESSIOMB GLOBS.
February-171,
twenty minutes, Under tha system in our
State the banks could invest their entire capi-
tal in United States bonds and get just as
much profit on holding them, as the national
banks, and then if a State bank had $100,000
capital it had $200,000 to circulate and get
interest upon* It was only from a sense of
obligation, because the Government had estab-
lished a national system, that it was considered
all loyal men, sill lovers of their country ought
to conform to, that the banks of New England
went into 'the system, especially the country
banks. To thpse banks located in the cities
which-depend upon deposits rather than upon
interest on their circulation it was not a mat-
ter of so much importance to make the change.
But to the country banks, which must always
depend mainly for-their profit upon the inter-
est on their circulation, it was a matter of vital
consequence and importance, and when they
went in they did it at a great sacrifice. So,
then, I say that instead of New England and
these eastern States being chargeable with
having been grasping in getting more than
their share of this national bank system, they
went into it because they supposed it was ne-
cessary for the good of the country. They
took it because the western States did not
choose to take it.
Now I do not charge upon the western States
that they were not equally patriotic in this
matter; We all understand that in an old
community there is moi'e idle and silent capital
than in a new one. In the western States' the
condition of business was such that money for
all ordinary purposes commanded a higher rate
of interest than in the Bast. Therefore it was
no inducement to them to adopt the national
banking system, and they did not take a large
interest in it; so the capital was taken in the
East.
My friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
in the course of his speech, went on to
show how very little they had in the South,
and how very hard it was upon the South that
they should have only a few cents per capita
of national bank capital, when the Bast had
so much. I take it that the South is not in a
condition to claim that New England or the
North, or any part of the country that took the
national bank circulation when it was offered
to them, were guilty of any great, injustice to-
wards tlio South in getting that circulation,
when the South at that time stood in the con-
dition of actual hostility to the Government.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him? 1 made no contrast what-
ever as against the Mast.
Mr. POLAND. I do not know what my
friend's figures moan, then. Ho wont on to
show how many dollars per capita there was
in this State and lhat Stale, and how small the
amount was in the South.
But enough on this subject. I take it we
aro not to bo charged in the northeastern
States with having been greedy and grasping
in getting a larger proportion of the capital.
It was because it was forced upon us. We
took it at a sacrifice. Notwithstanding all
that, it is unequal, I agree; and if there is no
other remedy, no other mode of making it
nearer right than it now is, then some scheme
of this sort must be adopted to take away a
portion of what we have and give it to those
who have not received their share. Although
we were compelled to take it, still if there is
no mode of making it nearer right than this let
it be taken from us and distributed to others.
But I have proposed a scheme here which in
my judgment furnishes a better remedy to the
West and a better remedy to the South alto-
gether than the committee propose here. And
allow metosay that this remedy that the com-
mittee lias proposed is unjust as between us.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island have a very
wuch larger excess than has Vermont and
some of the other New England States. But
the committee, instead of taking from those
who feave the largestexcess, say '-We will take
from you all alike ; you shall all be sealed down
alike ; those of you who hove'gotthtae times as
much as you are entitled to shall only have your
pro rata reduction, the same as those who have
only a small excess, or no excess at all;'' because
it scales down the circulation of banks in States
that have no excess, just the same as it does
those in Massachusetts and Rhode Island and
other States that have two or three times their
share. So that I sdy that if this remedy is to
be applied as the committee has proposed of
taking away- from somebody to give to those
who have not, they have done it in the most
unequal and unjust manner.
But I propose a remedy- that I think will
cure this evil all round-, and that is a free
banking^ system. And I was very glad to hear
the chairman of the Committee on Banking
and Currency express himself so strongly in
favor of that as the true remedy to which wo
must at last come. I have proposed as an
amendment, to be inserted in this, bill in lieu of
the fourth section, substantially a bill that I in-
troducedearlyinthissession, and notonlyearly
in this session, but more than a year ago into
this House, and that is to have a free banking
system ; that United States notes, greenbacks,
shall be withdrawn from circulation, and that
there shall be a free banking system ; that for
a time, while this process of reduction is going
on, withdrawing the greenbacks from circula-
tion, new national banks shall be created to
take their placc, and that preference shall be
given to those sections—the West and the
South—which have not now their share ; that
national banks shall be created and circulation
issued to thein in those parts of the country
which arc destitute, and the circulation and
reduction kept on, pari passu, until the green-
back circulation is reduced to $100,000,000,
and that then the national banking system
shall bo free, so that whoever in the South,
whoever in the West, Whoever in the North
roay_desire a national bank, he may have one
by giving the required security. I say to gen-
tlemen of the West and gentlemen of the
South that in my judgment that is the true
remedy for the financial evils under which they
labor. My excellent friend from Indiana,
[Mr. ConuiiN,] a member of the Committee
on Banking and Cuncncy, who spoke yester-
day, attacked this scheme of mine. lie said
that the present banking system is a great mo-
nopoly, and that if wc made it free and opened
it to everybody it would become such an
enormous monopoly that the country could
not stand it at all: it would make and unmake
Congresses and Presidents, and could not be
endured at all. *
I do not know where my excellent friend
gets his definition or idea of monopoly. Now,
the national bank circulation being all given out
to particular States and individuals, and the
law allowing nobody else to have any, of course
it becomes a monopoly; they have exclusive
rights and privileges; but when the door is
opened to everybody, and every man is al lowed
to come in and participate in the benefits of
the system, it is the furthest from my idea of a
monopoly of anything in the world. Anything
that is open to everybody upon the same terms
and upon the same principles is to my mind
the furthest thing in the world from a mo-
nopoly.
But my friend said, also, tliathc was opposed
to my scheme because it was going to increase
the interest-bearing debt of the country. Now,
iny amendment proposes that $1,000,000,000
of bonds shall be issued, running thirty and
fifty years, at foiu and four and a half per
cent. That is put in- as ray idea of the proper
rate. II it should be the sense of the House
that the rate could be made lower than that,
that banking could be made reasonably profit-
able upon a lower rate of interest than that, I
concur in it. I do not want the banks to make
any unreasonable profits, but while we aretak-
ing up the greenbacks with this species of
bonds my friend should also remember that I
propose to reduce a very large portion of that
debt which now bears six per cent, interest
down to- four per cent., and I believe that
would be the entering wedge by which we I
should ultimately reduce the entire funded
debt of this country to that same low rate of
interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POMEROY. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] for
twenty minutes.
Mr. BARNJ3S. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] yield to me for
one minute ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARNES. I desire to say to the House
that their attention is being diverted from the
principle here at issue. It is possible that the
bill now before the House, if properly under-
stood, may pass. It is intended for the pur-
pose of correcting errors which we know now
exist in the present banking law. When those
errors are corrected if a free banking system
shall be introduced into this House, such as the
one proposed by my distinguished friend from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] 1 will, and I believe
every member of the Banking Committee will
sustain and vote for it. But a free banking
law cannot now be passed, nor can it be passed
for some time to, come. The bill before the
House can be so amended that the errors of
the present banking law will be corrected, and
I hope the House will keep their minds dis-
tinctly upon that one point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to call the attention of the
House to an amendment proposed to the sec-
ond section of the bill now under considera-
tion, and which by its effect will act also upon
the fourth section of the bill.
The second section of the bill now provides
that when banks -wind up, either by their own
vote or by being forced into the hands of a
receiver, they may deposit in the Treasury of
the United States greenbacks for their circula-
tion, dollarfor dollar, and take back their bonds
leaving their notes to be redeemed afterward by
the Dmted States, either in gold or otherwise, as
the United States Government may be called on
to redeem its legal-tender notes. The effect
of that is to enable the banks going into liquid-
ation to substitute a gold contract, which the
banks now owe the people, for a currency note
of the United States. The banks are now
bound, whenever the United States return to
specie payments, to redeem their currency in
gold, and they have deposited their bonds
with the Treasury at ten per cent, upon their
circulation with the accrued interest for that
purpose ; and they are thus obliged to aid the
Government in a return to specie payments,
which obligation they escape by this section
if we do not amend it.
But by this bill these banks are allowed to
vote to go into liquidation, and then deposit
United States currencyand take up their bonds.
I have drawn an amendment which provides
that whenever a bank shall eh.oose to wind up
its affairs, or when they are forced to wind up,
the interest on their bonds up to the amount
of circulation they have out shall cease in thirty
days from that date, and then that they shall
be allowed to bring back their bills in such
sums as they please above $100, and take up
their bonds pro rata until they get them all
taken up after all their circulation is redeemed.
In other words, having become no longer banks
but bankrupts, no longer institutions for carry-
ing on business but simply bankrupts, whether
voluntary or involuntary, winding up their
affairs, from that hour they shall not have out
a circulation on the credit of the United States
on which they have interest, and still draw in-
terest on their bonds which they have depos-
ited in the Treasury to secure that same money.
1 think this is a measure of fairness, right,
and justice. I do notpropose to interfere with
the-banksso long as they are banks; but when
they choose to put themselves into liquidation,
from that moment I propose that they shall
cease to draw interest on the currency of the
United States which they have out and already
in circulation on the credit of the United States,
and at the same time also draw interest on the
bonds they have deposited for the redemption
