1869.]
APPENDIX rTQ fflS < NGRE$3IQNAL GrDQBE.
40th Gong....3b Sess.
m
Indian Affairs-—Mr. Burleigh. ■.
Ho, 03B" Rjp®.
their own horses for them, two women and fire
little girls were ransomed and returned to their
friends in Minnesota. The Indians who had
performed this act of humanity traveled down
to the Yaneton agency, a distance of four hun-
dred miles, where they were to be reimbursed
for this act by the Government. Week after
week passed away,and neither clothing nor food
came to the relief of these faithful friends.
Despairing of early relief, orie ioOrning ten Of
their number came to me for a letter, stating
who they were, and obtained permission to go
out and hunt for the support of themselves and
families. The third morning out, and when on
Ponca creek, about twenty miles back of Port
Randall, which post was then garrisoned by the
•sixth Iowa cavalry, a Captain Moreland, in
command of some twenty men, overtook them.
They presented him with the letter I had given
them for protection, whereupon the eaptain
requested them to leave their arms and go with
him to the fort for food. The Indians obeyed,
but had not proceeded eighty rods when the
brutal eaptain ordered his men to fire upon the
Indians, who were in advance, and murdered
nine out of the ten in cold blood on the spot.
The tenth member of the party escaped and
bore the horrible tidings of this damnable tra-
gedy to his kindred far up the Missouri, while
the bones of his comrades still remain on that
fatal spot to chronicle the foul deed and point
unmistakably to the cause of the Sioux war
which followed with fearful and just retaliation,
and cost the Treasury of the nation more than
$30,000,000 and the loss of hundreds of inno-
cent lives.
These and other outrages of akindred char-
acter, added to the causes heretofore named,
are the source of all our difficulties with the
Indians of this country, while most of the
tribes located on reservations with annuities,
and under the control of agents, have remained
peaceable and friendly in spite of the oft-re-
peated declaration that the dishonesty of these
agents has been the sole cause of our difficul-
ties with the people. The only Indian tribes
that have been properly protected in the peace-
able possession of their reservations since the
adoption of the Federal Constitution arc those
that have been under State and not under
Federal rule. In no instance have these tribes
commenced any hostilities against the State or
Federal authority. The New York and New
England Indians, members of the most war-
like tribes in colonial times, have never ex-
hibited a single act of hostility during the past
eighty-five years ; and as the cordon of civili-
zation has been drawn more closely around
them they have abandoned their nomadic and
savage habits and adopted and cultivated the
arts of civilized life.
In view of these facts, which are the result
of eighty-five years' experience, and in view
of the utter failure of the Federal management
of Indian affairs and the destruction of the
noblest of the tribes under its charge, it is a
question for the gravest consideration of Con-
gress whether it would not be better to turn
over to the States and Territories the future
management and control of the Indians within
their borders. Such a change can by no pos-
sibility place the Indians in a worse situation
than they are now under the control of the
General Government. It might save them
.from, further wars and desolations, and the
national Treasury from the enormous, drain
produced by fraud, military ambition, lawless
rapine, and interminable wars resulting there-
from.
The Federal power is too far removed from
these helpless children iu the far West to be able
to defend them against rapacious frontiermen,
who seek incessantly to destroy them and to pos-
sess their property, while the State and the terri-
torial authorities are on the ground, ready and
willing to do justice. None are so well fitted to
take charge of our Indian tribes as the people
who reside with them, whose lives and prop-
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 10.
erty, whose wives and children are within the
reach of the tomahawk and scalping-knifo;
who are themselves always vitally interested in
maintaining peaceful relations with the Indians
by a uniform course of just, fair, and impartial
dealing. No people are so susceptible and
more permanently affected by generous and
kind treatment—Hone more proud, vindictive,
and resolute in avenging their wrongs—than
the North American Indians.
But, sir, we have exhausted our theories and
must face the practical question which now
presents itself to us, and from which there is
no escape. Aside from the humane and Chris-
tian view of the subject, which appears to have
been utterly disregarded by our Government
in all of its recent dealings with- the Indian
tribes of the country, we are met here to-day
with the earnest, practical question of peace
upon the terms of returning national justice
and good faith, or of a long and bloody war,
waged and prosecuted by the poor, neglected,
starving tribes for the God-given right to live.
War, with all its cruelties and the lasting train
of more destructive evils, has been resorted to
and failed. .Hundreds of millions from the
Treasury of the nation have been expended in
trying to exterminate the Indian race by our
system of military murders. But, sir, thus far
our force has proved unavailing. Our Army,
when marshaled against these people by our
most renowned leaders, has been shorn of all
its power and its glory save that which crowns
the murderer's efforts and entwines itself in ser-
pent coils around the assassin's brow. Some
inscrutable power nerves the arms and fires
the hearts of the race in its apparently un-
equal struggle for existence; and judging from
the past, our national Treasury will be bank-
rupt and our country disgraced long before the
Indian tribes of the West will be forced into
submission by the military power of the Gov-
ernment.
Our Indian wars are costly. The interest
of the money expended in the Florida war ex-
ceeds double the amount required for our whole
Indian service. The Sioux war cost more
than thirty million dollars, the bare interest of
which is sufficient to subsist the whole Sioux
nation through all coming time. Since that
time our Indian wars have cost tens of mil-
lions, and are still costing many million dollars
a year, every dollar of which is voted by this
House without a word of complaint. But, sir,
let some member get up here and venture to
ask an appropriation of the interest of the
amount annually expended in keeping up our
western armies, to clothe and provision the
Indians, and a cry of opposition will be raised
that knows no bounds.
But gentleman ask what line of policy do you
propose? How are we to reunite the broken
cords of friendship and maintain friendly rela-
tions with our Indian tribes? There is noth-
ing easier than this. We have but to reverse
our past method of dealing with them, treat
them kindly, deal justly, and convince them
by our acts of humanity and justice that we
sincerely desire to befriend and save them.
Extend the warm hand of a brother and raise
them from their low estate to a position where
life will be a blessing, and not a curse. Then
will the Indian, whom we have alienated and
driven away, lift up his drooping head; the long
lost smile will again lighten up his countenance,
and he will meet us more than half way in our
work of pacification, justice, and humanity.
Instead of sending soldiers armed with in-
struments of death and munitions of war to
demoralize, degrade, and murder them, let us
send philanthropists ladcncd with food and
clothing to feed the hungry and clothe the
naked, and all the implements of peace neces-
sary for their physical, mental, and moral ad-
vancement. Make comfortable homes for the
poor, wanderings tribes, feed and clothe them
until they become sufficiently advanced in the
arts of civilized life to provide for themselves.
Learn the rising generation to till the, soil,
instruct them in the mechanic arts, ia all the
varied duties of domestic life, and raise them
as rapidly as possible toward our own stand-
ard, thereby fitting them for a better mode
of life, and their incorporation as citizens into
the States and Territories of, the Union.
No class of men are so easily managed, more
harmless and reliable, than the North Ameri-
can Indians when once you possess their con-
fidence ; none more unmanageable, heartless*
and cruel than they when that confidence is
destroyed by wrongs and oppression. '
But we are told that the expense to the Gov-
ernment of feeding, clothing, and providing
homes for our two hundred and fifty thousand
Indians will require an enormous annual ex-
penditure. Let it be remembered that nearly
or quite one half of them are already on reser-
vations of some sort, and that they have given
us very little trouble. The cost to the Govern-
ment of keeping quiet and supporting them
does not exceed $2,000,000 a year. If this
policy is adopted and put into practical oper-
ation it will be found that for every dollar ex-
pended in support of our Indians we shall
save five times this amount, which now goes
to support the Army in the Indian country.
I am informed that there are now two de-
ficiency appropriations asked for—one of
$500,000 for feeding and taking care of some
twelve thousand Indians for eight months, un-
der the charge of General Harney, in the Sioux
district; the other for $13,000,000, for carry-
ing on our present Indian war in the south-
west for the last six months against a much
smaller number of Indians. I have learned
to-day that there are now engaged in the Indian
country and on our western frontiers about
forty regiments of troops, including one regi-
ment of cavalry raised in the State of Kansas,
which has been in service since last October.
The expense to the Government in carrying
on this war will exceed $40,000,000 a year if
allowed to continue. Instead of protecting the
inhabitants of the frontiers they increase their
danger; more than two hundred and fifty having
been murdered within the past few -months.
I do not wish to be understood as imputing
to the War Department either dishonesty or
extravagance. It is the policy alone that I
object to. War is at all times costly, especially
when carried on as this one is in a country so
remote from the source of supplies that the
expense of transportation doubles, trebles, and
in many cases quadruples their original cost.
If this House would take the trouble to ascer-
tain the annual cost to the Government of
keeping up the military establishments of the
West, which can have no other object than to
operate in the Indian country, it will be found
to exceed their conceptions so far as to over-
shadow the comparatively insignificant amount
now expended for the civil Indian service of
the country, and stop the cry of extravagance
whenever an appropriation is asked for feeding
and clothing these people. Three years ago I
proposed a plan to this House which looked to
the setting apart of a large reservation in the
northwest for the exclusive use and occupancy
of all of the Indian tribes north of the rlatte
and east of the Rocky mountains; also, another
reservation in the remote southwest for the
Indians south of the Platte and east of the
Rocky mountains. I am still of the opinion
that this is the true policy so far as the unlo-
cated tribes are concerned; and that one or
two other reservations should be set apart on
the Pacific coast for the location ot the tribes
west of the Rocky mountains.
Upon these reservations all of the tribes
should be located except those now provided
for and which are advancing in civilization and
toward citizenship. This'course will close our
Indian wars forever ; this will restore peace,
permanent and enduring in its character. It
will do away with the necessity for at least two
thirds of our Army. It will save from fifteen
