1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and along the border fourfold the amount of
its cost, besides afford facilities for the protec-
tion of the homes and lives of a vast number
of our people.
I know it is said, again, that in case of a war
we would aim to and certainly possess our-
selves of the .Canadian border, and thus save
ourselves the necessity of frontier protection.
With or without a canal this ought to be our
purpose, I admit, and we should gain all we
possibly could by achieving this end as far as
possible ; but I remark again, in reply, that we
are trusting to an uncertainty; and to save
the expenditure of a comparatively small sum
we will hazard interests that it is our bounden
duty to protect and defend. Before this pos-
session could be made complete, if at all, or
amount to partial defense even, vast interests,
private and public, would certainly be de-
stroyed, and our commerce especially be left
very much to the mercy of our enemies. The
highest and best authorities who have spoken
or written upon this subject all agree that as a
military work and a work of defense and pro-
tection it would be of the utmost importance
and advantage.
I desire now briefly to consider this canal
in the light of its commercial importance and
advantages. All will agree that it is its duty
as well as its best policy for the Government
to give such aid and encouragement to a wise
and liberal system of intercommunication that
our internal commerce may be developed and
increased, and made to flourish commensurate
with the enterprise and intelligence of the age.
The great facilities which a well-regulated sys-
tem of internal navigation will afford to the
various operations of domestic commerce and
all our forms of industrial pursuits all under-
stand and appreciate. By it the products of
one section of our country are exchanged for
those of another, and thus all sections are
. made to participate in and enjoy the blessings
and luxuries of each and all. Intelligence,
enterprise, and happiness are all quickened
and developed by the relations thus formed
and sustained, and the greatest comfort and
prosperity of our people must inevitably be the
certain result. Everything that tends to break
down monopoly of any kind, whether it be of
trade, of means of internal communication, or
of any sort of business in which our people
are interested or with which their prosperity
and happiness are more or less connected,
tends to lift them and their interests above the
control of avarice and oppression, and spreads
broadcast over all the blessings and benefits of
a common prosperity. Increase the facilities of
internal trade between the different and all
sections of our broad land, making the transi-
tions from one section to another rapid, com-
plete, and more frequent, and you increase the
competition in business and commercial trans-
actions that will result in every possible advan-
tage to the producer and consumer which are
to be aimed at and hoped for. Every new
avenue opened up to trade, every additional
facility offered to stimulate commercial enter-
prise, must inevitably, under the laws that
govern trade, tend to the reduction of transport-
ation, and consequently to the benefit of both
the producer and consumer.
As this result is achieved and our remote
parts are brought in close contact by these
means with our great markets, where our pro-
ductions are sold and used or exported, the
effect will be to develop the resources of all
portions of our country and add to its wealth,
its'prosperity, its power, and its happiness, as
well as to fill its common Treasury from its con-
stantly increasing abundance. What would be
the value of real estate to-day upon our western
bordersand along the banksof our great rivers,
where but a short time ago civilization had not
made its habitation, had there not been adopted
a wise and liberal policy of intercommunication
by which these portions of our country have
been brought into almost daily commercial in-
tercourse with the East, making them as valu-
able, as rich, as prosperous, and as much to
40TH CONG. 2DSESS.---NO. 24.
be sought after as any portions of the Republic ?
Very much has been done already, and much
more will be done. Roads and canals, while
they follow civilization in its rapid advance, are
nevertheless the great civilizers of the age,
especially with us. They span the great rivers,
traverse the trackless plains that spread out
over an extent as broad as vast empires, run
through the valleys that lie along the bases of
the great mountains whose sides they climb or
whose rocky hearts they pierce, scattering in
their way and spreading broadcast civilization,
population, enterprise, intelligence, wealth,
prosperity, and happiness, and lifting up a j
whole people to a higher and nobleraim. Bat '
let us look at the business of our lakes thus
far, and then contemplate what our internal
commerce must be in the future.
In 1862 at least thirty-two million bushels
of grain, including wheat manufactured into
flour, besides other agricultural products of
western States, came from the upper lakes to
Lake Ontario through the Welland or Cana-
dian canal and over railroads connecting Lake
Ontario and the upper lakes, and outside of
our borders. All of this went to sustain that
canal and to pay tiibute to Canadian enter-
prise and add to Canadian prosperity. More
than three fourths of this grain found its way
from Lake Ontario and the St. Lawrence
through American channels to New York and
New England. Nearly twenty millions of it
was shipped eastward from Oswego and Cape
Vincent, and some five million bushels from
Ogdensburg over the Northern railroad; show-
ing conclusively that nearly all of the com-
merce that will pass through this canal, if
constructed, will reach our ports East, and not
go out to the ocean by the St. Lawrence, as
some insist and seem to fear.
If time would permit more might be said
upon this point; but it can hardly be neces-
sary. Suffice it to say that in all the x>ast since
the Welland canal has been in use but very
little of the products of the West which have
found their way into Lake Ontario, has escaped
from our channels of communication with our
eastern ports, for the good reason that there is
commercial as well as natural disadvantages
and obstacles in the way of such a result.
Millions of money have been expended to
open a safe way to the ocean, aside from what
has been expended on her canals, and still the
way out is difficult, exceedingly dangerous,
and comparatively unfrequented, and must i
remain so forever. Some of the finest steam-
packets, within a few years, in number eight,
1 think, have been lost in the intricacies of
this route, and in the year 1863 but a single
vessel cleared and entered American ports
through this channel from foreign countries.
Thus it will be seen that under no possible cir-
cumstances, were this canal built, any more
than now when we use the Welland canal, would
our commerce find its way out into the ocean
through the Gulf of St. Lawrence and escape
our ports, as some who object to its construc-
tion insist.
The business for the year 1802, to which I
have referred as passing into Lake Ontario
from the West through Canadian channels, is
not an overstatement of the facts. During
that and the preceding year the industry of the
great West was paralyzed by the war on account
of the absence of so large a portion of these
who labor and produce. Again, the annual
increase of products of the States west that arc
tributary to our roads and canals, and which
carry such products to our markets, is at least
twenty per cent., and this wonderful develop-
ment must continue in operation for a long
time to come. Not a tenth part of the land is
yet occupied by the cultivator, although foreign
and domestic emigration is fast filling up the !
country and rapidly developing its resources |
and adding to its production. Already over I
one hundred million bushels of grain are trans-
ported from the upper lakes to the tidewaters
of the East by the routes of trade now in use,
and with all"the facilities necessary, and as
soon as they can be furnished, this amount
can be increased to a thousand millions. We
are giving Government aid to exteud onr lines
of railroad across the continent, to open up
and develop our vast domain stretching on to
the Pacific coast, so that it may add its share
to the great aggregate of production and wealth
which the fut.ure must witness.
All this is just and proper, and should not
be neglected; but we should at the same time
remember that the resources and production
of the West, this side of our unsettled terri-
tory, are already too great for the facilities we
have to carry off to market its surplus, and
that this deficiency must be more and more
apparent and embarrassing as we proceed,
unless we act with energy and haste. Many
facts might be given to show the wonderful
advance we are making, and consequently to
impress upon us the necessity of the legisla-
tion we now ask, and other similar legislation ;
but I will give only a few. Thegreat Stateof
Illinois alone numbers two million two hundred
and fifty thousand people, and those knownas
the northwestern States have a population of
over ten miflious. About forty years ago they
contained scarcely one million people. Chi-
cago was then an Indian trading post, while
now it has a population of about a quarter of
a million, and is said to be the greatest market
for lumber, pork, and grain in the world.
At the end of the present century, at the
expiration of abontthirty-twoyears, according
to the present ratio of increase, our population
will be not far from one hundred million people.
The West and that portion of our territory
tributary to our lines of communication to our
eastern ports will have of this vast population
at least sixty millions. If our facilities are too
limited now, and not adequate to carry off the
surplus produce of ten million people, what
will they do with the produce of sixty millions'/
This is no imaginary picture, but a startling
fact it will be well for us all to ponder upon.
We live not for to-day alone, butfor the future
as well. The statesman acts not for the pres-
_ent emergency alone, but should devise such
ways and means as will not only care for and
relieve the present, but meet the demands of
the great future, and he is the wiser who com-
prehends what that future will require, and
makes early aud ample provision for its wants.
1 cannot enlarge upon this idea as I would like
to had I time. The field is large, and the con-
siderations that cluster around the theme that
opens up to us as we contemplate it are of
such surpassing importance that it would well
repay the contemplation, but we must refrain
from it at present. What advantage would this
canal be to the producer and consumer is a
question well worthy of consideration. Upon
the general principle it would be a benefit by
adding another facility to commerce, and thus
tend directly to open up competition and re-
duce the cost of transportation.
The construction of the Welland can'al had
this effect; for after it began to produce its in-
fluence upon trade the cost of transportation
on the regular lines of communication hereto-
fore existing was reduced as a direct conse-
quence of that competition. In 1855, Hon. W.
J. McAlpine, State engineer of the State of
New York, in his annual report on railroads,
gave us the most reliable data we have, show-
ing the actual cost of transportation by the dif-
ferent modes of communication, from which
we take the following interesting statement:
Cost of transportation per ton per mile is:
Mills.
On the ocean, long voyage 11
On the ocean, short voyage   to 6
On the Likes, long voyage    2
On the lake«, short voyage 3 to 4
On the Hudson river    2S
On the Mississippi and St. Lawrence 3
On the Erie canal (enlarged)   4
On the ordinary canals  5
On the railroads (ordinary grades). 12Hol-Sa
Now, the distance by the lake from Chicago
to Buffalo is one thousand miles; and_ the
actual cost of transporting a ton of freight,
