1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
are to be lost, because of arv imaginary or sup-
posed local disadvantage. Commerce and trade
are means to be used to promote the prosper-
ity and happiness of all the people, and their
benefits should be as widely extended and as
universal as the wants and interests of the
whole country demand.
This work is a national one, and its benefits
are to be national and general. Every con-
sideration of honor, self respect, and public
interest demands that it be consummated.
In this legislation there are no interests to
serve but the interests of the people of the
whole country. It seeks to build up'no corpo-
ration which in time may grind the poor or
less favored into the dust and ignore the rights
or interests of the people. Its benefits will
not go into the pockets of a few speculators to
build up their fortunes at the expense of the
people's rights and the public Treasury; hut
they will be as widespread as our country, and
enjoyed by all. It has been complained that
the people's rights have been sacrificed to foster
and build up great railroad corporations and
monopolies of various kinds; that thoy are
soulless when they once get power, and seek
to perpetuate their power at any sacrifice of
public or private rights and interests. How-
ever true this may be, no such charge can be
made against this proposed legislation. This
is a national work, and is to be the nation's
property, lor the benefit of all sections and all
our people. It will more largely benefit the
West and that section which furnishes such
a vast amount of surplus production, and
which must seek a market; but the Bast will
also be benefited as the result of cheaper
transportation, forit will cheapen every mouth-
ful of food that sustains and encourages her
industry and keeps alive her toiling millions.
There can be 110 good reason for delay or
opposition unless it be found in the appropria-
tion which this bill makes to accomplish the
work proposed. While in itself it appears
large, it should be considered in connection
with other expenditures made by Congress for
various purposes, and with reference to the
vast and continual benefits that must flow from
the final and successful completion of this great
work. Paid for out of the national Treasury,
it in return spreads its benefits over all the
wide field of commercial transactions to the
benefit of all our people, as I have shown. The
increase of production, as it would tend to
cheapen transportation and quicken commerce,
would very soon repay the people of the whole
country for all outlay to secure the objects of
this legislation. Economy and honesty in the
administration of public affairs, which we hope
ere long to secure, and before this work could
be entered upon, at the best, will, in a very
short space of time, save vastly more than
enough to meet all the demands this bill makes
upon the Treasury, and which is now being
divided among thieves outside and inside the
Government service.
The amount asked by this bill will be called
for only as wanted, and will thus be spread
over a term of three or four years at least, mak-
ing no heavy drain upon the Treasury at any
one time. I agree with my distinguished friend
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] that it is time
to look after the people's interests and legis-
late for their good and their prosperity. This
is a people's measure. It can have no private
interests in it. There are no stocks to be issued
and no bonus to be divided. It is legislation
to secure an additional and necessary outlet
for the surplus products of an empire constantly
expanding'and increasing in wealth, enterprise,
and production, already restrained and cramped
in its energies by our present insufficient facili-
ties for outlet, it is legislation for cheap food to
the poor, the daily laborer, to the millions of
our people who toil to earn their daily bread.
If it be but one effort in this direction, it is
nevertheless an important one, and should
receive the support of the people's Represent-
atives from all sections, not excepting my col-
league from the Buffalo district. Let us save
money in some other way, by withholding from
private jobs and enterprises, and make this
appropriation in the people's interests and for
the public benefit.
Mr. Speaker, with our vast domain, popu-
lated and developed as it is fast being done,
and its mighty resources opened up and poured
into the avenues of trade and commercial ac-
tivity, all our present embarrassments will be
as trifles and fade away before the swelling
tide of wealth that pours into a common Treas-
ury from a land whose resources are unbounded
and whose wealth is untold. I have no fears
as to the future. A nation free and just to all
its people, with laws bearing equally upon all,
with rights and liberty equal to all, with
no restraint except in wholesome and jnst
laws and limitless as to extent of country
and resources, no one can foresee our bound-
less future or form any adequate conception
of our future prosperity and wealth. All this,
however, flows from the policy I have sug-
gested and set forth. Employment, expansion,
and physical as well as mental and moral de-
velopment, are elements of true greatness and
high national character and prosperity.
Mr. Speaker, whatever may be the fate of
this measure, I feel that I have discharged my
duty in relation to it, and close by expressing
the earnest hope that it may be passed by th,
House.
Mr. HUMPHREY addressed the House
[See Appendix.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to urge
upon the attention of the House remc facts
and arguments bearing upon the bill under
consideration, which I have at different times
and places addressed to the people of my own
State. Two wonderful valleys pierce the North
American continent at right angles, the one
extending westward from the Atlantic ocean,
and the other northward from the Mexican
gulf. Through each of these valleys rolls an
inland ocean capable of' bearing upon its bosom
a commerce the measurement of which would
almost baffle even figures themselves. They
meet each other in the center of the continent.
Their waters intermingling there, again find a
common level in the sea. Here lie the grain
fields of America, the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri,
and Minnesota, opulent in the accumulated
fertility of ages, inviting the hand of agricul-
ture to a future harvest adequate to the supply,
not only of our own country, but of Europe
also. They lie in the interior of a great con-
tinent, a thousand miles from the sea, where
their infinite riches would be as useless to man
as gold imbedded in inaccessible mountain
ranges had not the hand of the Almighty
opened for them these mighty water-courses to
bear away their yellow harvests to the markets
of the world.
But for these valleys of the Great Lakes and
Mississippi, and the flowing seas that fill them,
those eight States would be, not what they are
to-day, the theater of the latest and highest
and best development of human industry, but
what they were yesterday, the hunting and
fighting ground of the savage aborigines. But
for them, Wisconsin, instead of growing in
population, in the twenty years which inter-
vened between 1840 and 1860, from thirty-one
thousand to seven hundred and seventy-six
thousand, would still be unknown to the civil-
ized world except through the narratives of
hardy explorers. And yet these natural high-
ways, valuable as they were to the northwest-
ern States, were not complete. They'required
improvement by human hands. It is always
so. God's best gifts to man always require
the cooperative activity of men to utilize them
to the highest degree. The Greek poet said
well, '' For toil the gods sell all good things
to men." There is never any exception to
this rule ; there is no exception in this case.
It might have been very convenient for us if
ocean steamers, starting from the head of Lake
Superior, could for twelve months in eaehyear
pass through the lakes and straits and rivers
in their natural state without obstruction of
falls, flats, or rapids, to the sea. It might be
very satisfactory to us if ocean steamers, or
even river steamers of the largest class, start-
ing from the Falls of St. Anthony, could plow
their fearless way to the Gulf unobstructed by
rocks, or rapids, or sand bars, or snags.
Indeed, it might please us better still if our
water-craft could be at the same time exempted
from the burdensome expense of steam or other
motive power, an-d enabled to '' go alone" up-
stream as well as down. But before we look
this gift horse in the mouth it might be well to
consider how many centuries of uninterrupted
tqil of the entire human race would be required
to scoop out these mighty valleys and drain the
waters into them and make those water-courses
to the sea as good as they were when nature
placed them in our hands, and with energy to
set about improving these good gifts, instead
of grumbling because they are not better.
Each of these lines of communication had its
defects when first used by civilized man. Each
has been from time to time greatly improved.
But each has still imperfections and room for
further improvement.
It is my purpose to-day to show the House
that the interests of those States and of the
entire Kepublic demand, imperatively demand,
that tjje facilities for the transportation of the
agrLeniltural products of the Northwest to their
legitimate markets shall be promptly and very
featly improved, and to indicate those im-
_ rovements which, in my judgment, are practi-
cable and will prove effectual for the relief of
the agriculture of the Northwest.
In 1810 these eight States contained a popu-
lation of 3,351,542. In 1850 their population
had increased to 5,403,595, and in I860 it was
8,955,932. If it had increased in each State
from 1860 to the present time in the same ratio
in which it increased from 1850 to 1860 the
population of these eight States would now
exceed 17,300,000. Making every possible
allowance for the war, and for every other con-
ceivable cause of diminution of their progress,
their population to-day must greatly exceed
12,000,000. But if you will look at the five
States lying nearest the intersection of these
great valleys you will discover a growth still
more amazing—I mean the States of Illinois,
Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Miunesota.
I11 1840 the population of these five grain-pro-
ducing States was 762,507. In 1850 it had
risen to 1,752,806, and in 1860 was 4,083,981.
If the population of each State had increased
from 1860 to the present time in the same ratio
in which it increased from 1850 to 1860, the
total population of these five States would now
exceed 11,250,000; for during that period the
population of Illinois increased at the rate of
10.10 per cent, per annum on the figures of
1850, that of Iowa at the rate of 25.11, that of
Michigan at the rate of 8.83, that of Wisconsin
at the rate of 15.40, and that of Minnesota at
the rate of 276 per cent, per annum. I am
satisfied that the population of these five States
is to-day not less than 6,000,000. In the two
decades between 1840 and ISOOthe eightStates
which I have named, including Ohio, Indiana,
and Missouri, almost trebled their population.
In the same period the five States of Illinois,
Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota
had increased more than five hundred per cent.
Where else in modern history will you find a
parallel to the majestic growth of empire re-
vealed by these wonderful figures? Where is
the lamp of Aladdin or the magician's wand
that has wrought this miracle? The golden
corn was the lamp of Aladdin. The waving
wheat was the wand of the magician. While
for ages the soil of Asia and Africa and Europe
has been taxed for the sustenance of the human
race, these natural grainfields have been accu-
mulating a wealth of fertility which now sud-
denly disclosed to mankind proves potent
enough to fix the seat of empire for a conti-
nent.
The product of wheat and corn in the eight
northwestern States for the year 1865, as esti-
