13-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
itself, as 1 have said, is arbitrary. _ The amend-
ment is arbitrary. I do not claim that either
is founded in principle, but both are founded
at least in expediency. The ■whole bank act
as it now stands is artificial, and of course we
have got to deal with it as such. To undertake
now by an-amendment to the fourth section to
create a free banking system, or to undertake
to accomplish many other ends^ that have been
f ought by the multitude of substitutes that have
been offered at the Clerk's desk, is simply to
do nothing.
I ask the House in its wisdom to simply de-
cide, section by section, whether these amend-
ments to the national bank act are expedient
or inexpedient. I have no feeling whatsoever
on this subject. I believe these amendments
arc not only proper, but in one sense are abso-
lutely necessary in order to promote the public
interest. There have been numerous cases of
misconduct in the management of banks, some
of which have been referred to in this debate,
which can only be provided for by amendments
such as are proposed here, or by some similar
amendments.
There is one point wherein I think myself
the committee are in error, and 1 shall vote for
an amendment which, I understand, is at the
desk to remedy that error. I think, so far as
the small banks with not more than $200,000
capital are concerned, most of them located in
the country, it is better to let their circulation
stand as it is now at ninety per cent., and let
the reduction be made in the larger banks, as
provided in the bill. I think it will give much
more satisfaction throughout the country, and
I think the amount needed to establish banks
in the South and West should be secured with
out scaling those small country banks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The Sl'liAKKR pro tempore, (Mr. Bi,atjje
in the chair.) Debate is closed on the bill and
amendments. They will now be reported in
their order. The first question will be on the
nmendraenlB proposed to the amendments
which are reported by the committee. The
first amendment is the one offered by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Piuce.]
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Amcml in line forty, pago 8. after tho word " dol-
lar."," by striking out the word "eighty" and inscrt-
inft " niuotyso that it will read:
X<> on oh aa."Ociuuon whoso capital shall not cxceod
$-00,000, ninety por oont. of suoh capital.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to havo tho first paragraph
of rule tweuty-nino read. It is in regard to
members who have a personal interest in the
question. I am aworo that there are members
here who are presidents of national banks,
directors, or stockholders. 1 do not raise a
point of order. I simply desire to have thorule
read and to call the attention of the House to it.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" 20. No member shall voto on any question in the
eveutof which hois immediately and particularly
interested."
Mr. 1NGEIISOLL, I do not raise a point
of order on that, but I leave it to gentlemen's
honor whether they can vote on this question,
and to their constituents.
The question was on the amendments reported
by the Committee on Banking and Currency.
First amendment:
Line five, section one, f>age 1, strike out tho words
"nadoual currency net'' and insert \n Hon thereof
the words "act entitled 'An act to provide anntional
currency secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
flftd to provide lor tlio circulation and redemption
thereof;' approved JaneS, 1864,"so that it will read:
That every national banking association selected as
a depository of public moneys, under tho provisions
of .section forty-five of tho act en titled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency seoured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for tho circula-
t>on and redemption thereof; approved June, 3,
]M)I, shall deposit United States bonds with the
i.i easarer of the United States as security for suoh
deports, Arc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Line fifteen, section one. page 1, after tho word
specified' insert the following;
"And national banking associations in the city of
Washington, or m any city or town whore there is an
Assistant Treasurer of the UnitedStatos or adepos-
itary of public money designated under the act of
August 6,1846, shall not be selected as public de-
positaries; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
require all public moneys collected in any such city
ortown to be deposited by the officer havingcustody
of such money with the Treasurer or Assistant Treas-
urer or depositary in such city or town, under such
regulations as tie may l'rom time to time prescribe ;
and;" so that it will read: .
And whenever the public moneys-deposited in such
association shall exceed ninety per cent, of the par
value of the bonds so-held by the Treasurer a&secur-
ity it shall be the duty of the Treasurer forthwith, by
draft or otherwise, to reduce the amount of such de-
posits to a sum not exceeding ninety per cent, of the
bonds deposited as herein specified. And national
banking associations in the city of Washington,or in
any city or town where there is an Assistant Treas-
urer of tho United States or a depositary of public
money designated under the act of August 6,1846,
shall not bo selected cis public depositaries? and the1
Secretary of tho Treasury shall require all pubhc
moneys collected in any such city or town to bo de-
posited by the officer havinsr custody of such money
with the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer or depos-
itary in such city or town, under such regulations as
hemaylrom time to timo prescribe; and if Any officer
or agent of any association designated as a deposi-
tory of public moneys shall pay or offer to pay any
money or other valuable consideration, directly or
indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
deposits of public monoys, orjf any officer or agent
of the Government shall receive any money or other
valuable consideration, directly or indirectly, for
making such deposit of public moneys, such officer
or agent shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a
fino ofnotless than $1,000, or imprisonment for not
lessthan one year nor more than five years, or both,
in tho discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes seventy-
five, noes not counted.
Third amendment:
Lines twenty-four and twenty-five, section one,
pago 1, strike out the words ' and upon conviction
thereof" and insert in liou thereof the following:
"and on conviction thereof in any United States
court having jurisdiction."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment as amended :
Lino one, section four, pago 4, strike out all of the
section after thcenactingclause, as follows: "thatto
secure a better distribution of tho national banking
currency thero may bo issued circulation notes to
banking associations organized in States and Terri-
tories having a loss national bankingcirculation than
live dollars per inhabitant, but the amount of such
circulation shall not exceed 000.000. And the
circulation herein authorized shall within ono yoar
be withdrawn pro rata lrora banks organized in States
having a circulation exceeding that provided for by
tho act approved March 3,18G5, entitled 4An act to
amend an act ontitled "An aot to provide a national
currency socurod by pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for tho circulation and redemption
thereof;to ascertain which the Comptroller of the
Currency shall make a statemen t showing theamount
of circulation to bo rotired by each of such banks,
and shall mako a requisition for such amount upon
such banks, commencing with banks in States having
tho largest excess of circulation; and upon failure of
such bank to return tho amount so required within
the year aforesaid, it shall bo tho duty of the Comp-
troller of tho Currency to poll at public auction, in
New York, an aiummtof the bonds deposited by said
bank as security for its circulation equal to the cir-
culation to bo withdrawn from such bank, and with
the proceeds to redeem so many of tho notes of such
bank, as they come into tho Treasury, as will equal
the amount required from it: Provided, That the
ciioulation heroin authorized shall bo issued only as
circulation is withdrawn, bo that the accfrregftto of
circulation shall notat any time exceed $300,000,000
and in liou thereof msort tho tallowing:
That upon tho transfer and delivery of the United
States bonds to tho Treasurer of tho United States, as
provided for in section sixteen of tho act to which this
ia supplementary, the Comptroller of the Currency
may furnish to the association making suoh transfer
find delivery circulating notesof different denomina-
tions in blank, registered and countersigned as pro-
vided by tho act to which this is supplementary,
equal in amount to ninety per cont. of tho current
market value of tho United States bonds so trans-
ferred and delivered, but not exceeding ninety per
cent, of the amount of said bonds at the par value
thereof, if bearing interest at a rate not lessthan five
per cent, per annum: and tho amount of such circu-
lating notes to bo furnished to each association shall
notbe more in proportion to.its paid-up capital than
as follows: to each association whoso capital shall
not exceed $200,000, ninety per cent, of such capi-
tal: to each association whose capital shall exceed
$200,000 and shall not exceed $500,000, seventy per
cent, of such capital: to cacli association whose
capital shall exceed $500,000 and shall not exceed
$1,000,000, sixty per cent, of such capital: to each
association whoso capital shall exceed $1,000,000,
fiky per cent, of such capital; but no association
shall nave an amount, of circulating notes excoeding
$1,000,000. Every association having a larger amount
of circulating notos than is herein prescribed shall,
as soon as practicable, withdraw from circulation
and return to the Comptroller of the Currency to be
canceled all Us circulating notes in excess of the
amounts heroin prescribed; and on failuro to with-
draw from ;my cause such excess of circulating notes
before the 1st day of October, 18(59, tho Treasurer of
tho United States is hereby required thereafter to
retain and bold any interest which may become due
on any bonds deposited in theTreasury belonging to
such association until suchreduction is made. And
it is further made tho duty of the Comptroller of the
Currency to require, in such manner as he jnay deum
expedient, all national banking associations having
circulation in excess of the amounts herein pre-
scribed to withdraw and return to' the Comptroller
of the Currency such excess of circulating notes.
And the Comptroller of the Currency shall issue to
banking associations, which may be organized under
the provisions of the act to which this aot is supple-
mentary, ia the States of Kentucky, Missouri, Vir-
ginia, Iforth Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana,
Texas, and Arkansas, circulating notes, as provided
in this act, to an amount not exceeding $12,000,000;
and to new banking associations which may bo
organized under the provisions oi the act to which
this act is supplementary, in the States and Territo-
ries other than those above-named, which have
heretofore secured the least ratable proportion of
circulating notes, an amount of circulating notes
equal to the remainder of tho circulating notes
directed under the provisions of this act to be with-
drawn and returned.: Providedt That the circulation
hereby authorized to b6 issued shall be only as the
circulation is withdrawn and returned, so that the
aggregate of circulation of national banking associ-
ations shall not at any time exceed $300,000,000,
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a point of order.
There are several amendments pending pro-
posed as substitutes for the amendments of the
committee, and they must first be voted on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The substitute
for the fourth section of the Senate bill pro-
posed by the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency has already been amended on motion of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.] The
substitutes proposed for the substitute of the
committee will now be voted on in the order
in which they were offered, and the first ques-
tion will be upon tho substitute offered by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Smith,] which
will now be read.
The Clerk read the amendment proposed by
Mr. Smith, as follows-.
Strike out all of the substitute prepared by tho
Committee on Banking and Currency, from section
four, and in lieu thereof insert tho following:
That section twenty-two of the act aforesaid be so
amended that tho maximum limit of national circu-
lation fixed by said act is hereby increased the sum
of $200,000,000, which amount shall be issued only to
banking associations organized in States and Terri-
tories having a less circulation than five.dollars per
each inhabitant, and so as to equalise the circulation
in such States and Territories in proportion to popu-
lation. And whenever any banking associations or-
ganised in such States and Territories bhall pay into
tho Treasury of tho United States an amount equal
to the amount of their proposed capital, ninety per
cent, of which shall be m lawful money, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall thereupon cause to bo
issued to suoh banking associations an equal amount
of registered bonds ot the United States, payable in
iifty years from date, and bearing four percent, in-
terest per annum, payable semi-annually, and both
principal and interest payable in coin; and upon
transfer by such associations of such bonds to the
Treasurer of the United States the Comptroller of
tho Currency shall issue to such associations circulat-
ing notes to tho amount of ninety per cent, of such
bonds transferred and deposited. And as fast as such
circulating notes shall be issued to associations or-
ganizing under the increase of circulation herein
authorized the Secretary of tho Treasury shalleause
to bo destroyed an equal amount of United States
notes. If tho existing national banksshall desireto
continue their organization and to accent four per
cont. bonds as herein described, they shall signify
such desireand purpose to theSeeretary of tho Treas-
ury within sixty days from tho passage of the act?
and thereupon the Secretary of the Treasury shall
issuo four per cent, bonds of the description herein
named, in equal par value amount to thebonds to bo
surrendered, and deposit thesame with theTreasurer
of tho United States iu trust for said banks in lieu
of the bonds surrendered. And if any of the exist-
ing national banks shall, by a vote of its shareholders
owning two thirds of its stock, decide not to accept
the bonds herein proposed in exchange ior their
bonds held as security for its circulating notes, such
bank shall, within two months Irom the passage of
the act, so notify the Secretary of the Treasury, and
within four months return its circulating, notes to
the Treasurer of the United States. And thereupon
the bonds belonging to such association shall be de-
livered up to it undor the provisions of the national
currency act.
The question was put on the amendment; and
it was disagreed to.
enrolled bills, etc., signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
bills and a joint resolution of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 264) to locate and estab-
lish an assay office in the Territory of Idaho ;
