1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Minnesota. Poor Minnesota had to pay two
bushels for the transportation of a third. All
of New England and New Jersey produced, in
the aggregate, 20,209,819 bushels of corn, and
realized for it $19,817,348; while Iowa for a
crop of 62.997.813 realized only $18,899,344.
The six New England States, together with
New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania,
produced, in the aggregate, 81,031,260 bush-
els of corn. But Illinois alone produced 117,-
095,852 bushels, almost one hundred millions
more than the aggregate of those nine States,
and yet Illinois realized for her entire crop
only $51,800,536, while they realized for theirs
$72,732,625. A bushel averaged 90 cents in
those States, $1 19 in New England, and only
29i cents in Illinois. Illinois was obliged to
pay, in round numbers, 100,000,000 bushels of
corn and $20,000,000 to get 80,000,000 bush-
els to ari eastern market. The six New Eng-
land States produced, in the aggregate, 10,082, -
947 bushels of corn ; Illinois, as i have shown,
177,095,852 bushels. The entire value of the
crop of New England was $11,887,334. The
value of the crop of Illinois was only $51,800,-
536. The crop of Illinois was in quantity seven-
teen times that of New England, its value less
than five times. The difference between the
average value of corn in Illinois and in the State
of New York was 65|- cents. If Illinois had
paid that price to send her com to market the
transportation of her corn alone would have
costhermorethanthehomevalueof her entire
crop for the year, including corn, wheat, rye,
oats, barley, buckwheat, potatoes, tobacco,
and hay; for the freight on her corn alone
would have been $116,440,522, 69, whereas the
home value of all her crops, corn included,
was only $116,274,321.
The average value of cattle in the six New
England States was $41 50 perhead, while in the
eight Northwestern States which I have named
their average value per head was $26 35. The
average value of hogs in the six New England
States was $21 70 per head; in the Northwest,
$8 32. The main cause of this monstrous in-
equality is inadequate transportation, and the
remedy will be found in improved transporta-
tion. If our transportation were what it ought
to be, or anything approximating thereto, these
evils could not exist. And while these odious
figures stand before us it will be idle to expa-
tiate upon the number of avenues by railway,
canal, lake, and river, open from the North-
west to the sea-board, upon the number of canal
boats in this or that canal, the tonnage of this
or that railroad, or the number of bushels
which this or that canal could by possibility
move, working day and night, in a whole year.
The more we ship by such routes the worse
is our condition. If we are to pay two bushels
as freight on one the less we ship the better.
What we want and must have is cheaper trans-
portation.
When this measure was before the House on
a former occasion the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] made the following statement;
"There are five routes by water and by rail from
Chicago to the sea-board, and yet the demand for
transportation last fall was so great, such vast quan-
tities of agricultural products were waiting to go for-
ward—more than all the lines could transport—that
the price of transportation from Chicago to the sea-
board was fixed by thedearest route of all, andflour
or pork or beef could be as cheaply transported by
Fort Wayne and Pittsburg and over the mountains
of Pennsylvania as by the great water route."
It is not satisfactory to be told that on the
Erie canai the freight and tolls on a bushel of
wheat are only seventeen cents in the month
of June, when we have no wheat to transport,
if we know that in the fall, when we have wheat
for transportation, we must pay nearer forty
cents. Nor do we care to know what the aver-
age charge for freight and tolls is for the whole
season, including the months in which there is
no movement of wheat as well as the others ;
what concerns us is the cost in the months in
which our wheat must go forward. On this
point we need no further experience to satisfy
us that the New York canals in their present
condition are powerless to relieve northwest-
ern agriculture from burdens too grievous to be
borne.
It is useless to expect us to bear these ills
with patience until manufactures shall spring
up to consume our surplus products. While
agriculture is blended with the very rudiments
of empire manufactures are of slow growth,
and must have time for their development.
Let us by all means have the highest possible
development of our manufacturing resources
at the earliest possible day, but let us not
meantime, while waiting for that day, like
idiots, spurn those resources of agricultural
wealth which are now available, the very de-
velopment of which will more surely and more
speedily than anything else bring along that
manufacturing prosperity which we covet. It
is not the Northwest alone that demands these
improvements; the whole country needs them,
as well the eastern manufacturer who wants
cheap food, as the western farmer who wants
cheap freights. The wants of the present are
urgent, but the wants ot the futu-re will be
more urgent still when emancipation and re-
construction shall have opened the door for
the development of the measureless resources
of the Southwest, and given again to New Or-
leans that trade which nature gave and slavery
took away, and the Mississippi valley, already
the seat of empire, as well as the granary of
America shall become densely populous and
immensely rich and possess, as within the life-
time of many here present I hope it will pos-
sess, the capital of the Republic.
I proceed to point out those improvements
which, in my judgment, are practicable, and
will prove effectual for the relief of the agri-
culture of the Northwest.
In the navigation of the route of the north-
ern lakes six great obstacles were encountered:
the Palls of Niagara, the rapids of the St.
Lawrence, the ice blockade in winter, the for-
eign ownership of the greater part of the St.
Lawrence, the St. Clair flats, and the Falls of
St. Mary.
In the navigation of the Mississippi route
five great obstacles were encountered: the
snags and sawyers, the sand-bars in low water,
the ice blockade of the Upper Mississippi, the
rapids at Keokuk, and the rapids at Rock
Island.
Let us, in the first place, inquire what has
been done by the Government since its origin
to improve these avenues of communication
in which so large a proportion of the people
of the United States, both consumers and pro-
ducers, are interested.
Common consent accords to Dewitt Clin-
ton, one of the Governors of New York, the
honor of the grand maneuver to flank the
obstructions at Niagara Falls and on the St.
Lawrence by a cut-off from Lake Erie to the
navigable waters of the Hudson. His neigh-
bors ridiculed him and his ditch. ^ But in this
they were two thousand years behind even the
Chinese, who were then using a canal twice as
long as the Erie canal, and older than Chris-
tianity itself. Clinton deserved what he won—
imperishable renown ; for his flank movement
was a magnificent success. On the 25th day
of October, 1825, was completed the Erie
canal, a work destined to secure inestimable
benefits to the city of New York, the State of
New York, the States and territories of the
Northwest, and to the whole Republic. A
thoroughfare was thereby established within
our own borders between the sea-board and
the vast undeveloped fertile Northwest; and
through it began at once to roll a tide of immi-
gration and trade and travel which speedily
wrought more marvelous transformations in
the center of this continent than have ever
been witnessed elsewhere on the face of the
globe. It may be idle speculation to inquire
what would have been the present condition ot
Canada and New England if nature had sent
the waters of the great lakes directly from
Lake Erie or Lake Ontario unobstructed
through the State of New York to the sea.
But it is plain enough that, with these waters
in their present channel, if there bad been no
Niagara Falls there would have been no New
York city. If the waters of the great lakes
had poured through the Niagara and St. Law-
rence, unvexed by cataracts or rapids, to the
sea, the map of the United States would have
been very different from what it now is. The
commercial metropolis of the western Conti-
nent would not have been on Manhattan island.
If the Alleghany range had been prolonged
northeastwardly through New York, and the
Hudson river been found an impracticable
stream, the commercial center of the Republic
might have been at Philadelphia, Boston, Bal-
timore, Hampton Roads, City Point, Norfolk,
New Orleans, or anyone of twenty other places
as well as at New York. It is often said that
" God made the country, man makes the city."
But this is not always entirely correct. God
made the city of New York—not Dewitt Clin-
ton nor any other man. For it was the Almighty
who fashioned the valleys and rivers and the
continent, so that New York was not only a
possibility but an inevitable necessity.
If Dewitt Clinton had never lived sooner or
later some other man had initiated a cut-off
from Lake Erie to the Hudson. But for that
conformation which the continent received
from the hand of God, no human labor could
have forced the growth of such a city on Man-
hattan island. And if the Erie canal tended
to develop the natural advantages of New
York city, so did it also tend to develop the
natural advantages of the Northwest. God
made the city in the same sense in which he
made the country northwest of the Ohio, by
giving to each the natural advantages which it
possessed. Of a truth the cataract of Niagara
has been a boon of Providence to the city and
State of New York. It has made one the Em-
pire State of the Republic, and the other the
commercial metropolis of the New World.
Towering monuments ought to rise in its honor
in front of the city hall in New York, and in
front of the State house at Albany. And upon
the State's coat-of arms ought to be graven
the mighty cataract circumnavigated by a
canal-boat freighted with northwestern wheat.
The Erie canal extends from Buffalo, on
Lake Erie, to Albany, on the Hudson river,
and for more than 150 miles from Buffalo ap-
proaches within from 7 to 25 miles of the
south shore of Lake Ontario. It is 350 miles
in length, 7 feetin depth, and has a rise and fall
of 644 feet, with locks 18 by 110 feet. Prom
Oswego, on Lake Ontario, a canal of the same
width and depth, having locks of the same size,
extends to Syracuse, on the Erie canal. At
present this Oswego branch cannot, of itself,
materially relieve us from the pressure put
upon our transportation by the Falls of Nia-
gara, because all its freight must pass over
the eastern portion of the Erie canal, and that
portion, instead of being of greater, is unfor-
tunately of less capacity than the western part.
Nevertheless I am persuaded that, hereafter
this Oswego canal is destined to be a part
of the great internal water route from the
Northwest to the Atlantic. There is also a
smaller canal extending from the point where
Oneida river intersects the Oswego canal,
across through the Oneida lakes to the point
where Oneida creek intersects the Erie canal.
But this cut-off transports no through-freights
except such as pass over the Erie or Oswego
canal.
The Welland canal is the result of another
struggle with the great cataract. It lies wholly
within the " Dominion of Canada," has a depth
of 9 to 10 feet, locks 150 feet by 26} feet, an
aggregate fall of 331 feet, and an extreme
length of 42 miles. It has two termini on Lake
Erie, the shortest of the two lines between the
lakes being 28 miles.
The Erie and Welland canals are, to the dis-
grace of our nation, the only artificial.water
communication hitherto established around
Niagara falls. Inasmuch as the Erie canal
connects Lake Erie with the tide-waters of the
Hudson, its capacity and value are not linntect
