15®
APP1MDIX TQ THE COMCRESSIOHJOLt GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. "of Reps*
Railroad from Washington to New Yorh-^-Mr. (JuUorri.
40th Cong....3d
pf building railroadsthroiigh different States
was never made, because the people of those
days were not-building railroads; they relied
upon other means of, co mmerce, such as wagon-
roads, rivers, and canals; but when a common
road sefemed to be needed for postal purposes
or for business purposes in any State or differ-
_.emt States Congress appropriated the money
and it was built.
Now, the question is whether there is any
real difference in principle between the exer-
cise of a power by the Government in appro-
priating money and building a dirt road through
different States, or deepening or cleaning out
the channel of rivers running through different
States and doing what we now propose by
passing this bill. The actual thing done then
and what is proposed to be done now is differ-
ent, but in my judgment the principle author-
ising die two is the same. If what the Gov-
ernment did then was constitutional, what is
proposed now is also. There were a good
many men in the Congress of the nation and
out of it who thought that the action of Con-
gress in appropriating money and building the
Cumberland road was unconstitutional. They
denounced the measure as such; but the road
was needed, and the people generally and the
States were anxious for Government aid. The
people of the country were scattered and poor,
and the Government lent a helping hand and
went forward constructing roads and making
such national improvements as the growth and
commerce of the country required.
Times have changed. States have become
rich; railroad monopolies have become strong,
powerful, and States and Congresses are almost
ready to bow at their bidding. What is the
result? It is that the people are oppressed by
railroad charges; the business commerce of
the country bound down by a want of capacity
of railroads to carry on the commerce, and there
seems to be no relief either in the States or in
the national Government. Other charters are
refused in State Legislatures for reasons-which
to the members, while they may not be good,
are sufficient, and here we are met with the
argument that we have no constitutional power
to pass a bill allowing a company to build a
railroad through the States. The Constitution
is not broad enough to enable the General Gov-
ernment to break down monopolies which are
an oppression upon the people, because, as is
argued, you cannot cross a State line without
interfering with the peculiar and reserved rights
of the States.
States may erect barriers or walls around
themselves and say, "Thus far shall thon come
and no further, except upon our termsand
the result is, that any man who seeks to come
from the extremity of the Republic to this cap-
ital or to go to the commercial capital must
be subject to extravagant tolls all along the
journey. Mr. Speaker, is this to be the pol-
icy and solution of the constitutional doctrine
touching the power of the Government ? I do
not believe it is. I am not anxious to blot out
State lines or State rights, or to make this a
consolidated Government, as it is charged that
the friends of this bill are. I am for neither
of these things. I am for holding each, the
State and national Governments, in their proper
position and relation to each other. They
should each have all the rights given them by
the Constitution. I believe, too, in the doc-
trine that "there is no power in the Gen-
eral Government but that which is expressly
granted or which is impliable from an express
grant.'' Jl think this is a sound position upo-n
the question; and taking this position, the next
question is, does the Constitution expressly or
by implication allow the passage of this bill?
If neither, then we ought not to pass it.
The Constitution says that—
■'•Confess shall have power to regulate commerce
With foreign nations and among the several States;
reestablish liost offices and post roads; and
fo pay the debts and provide for the common
defenso and general welfare of the United States." '
If Congress has power to pass this bill at all
it must be done under one or all of the pro-
visions quoted. None of them in so many
words gives the power; do'they or either of
them, by implication? " Congress shall have
power to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions and among the several States." How? is
the next question that every man would ask.
What did the makers of the Constitution mean
when they put that clause in the Constitution ?
DM they mean that the General Government
should stand by.and watch the movements of
the people of the different States in thS great
commercial enterprises ofthe country, and give
a little gentle advice as to one scheme and
another as the people went forward, the Gov-
ernment discouraging one enterprise and en-
couraging another? Was it to be confined, as
some gentlemen argue, to the regulation of
bridges over navigable streams ; or if a State or
corporation created by a State obstruct the
passage of citizens of one State over the soil of
another by absolute blockade or prohibition,
that then Congress should have the power to
remove the obstruction or prevent it? Or did
the men who made the Constitution mean to
give the General Government the power to
regulate commerce amongthe States by building
great public highways—railways,if you please—
to serve as post roads and military roads, and
as an actual means of commerce among the
States, when in the judgment of Congress they
seemed necessary ? If Congress has the power
to remove an obstruction to the passage of citi-
zens or goods from one State to another, has
it not the power to authorize the building a
road through the State without its consent? If
a State has not the power to maintain an ob-
struction to commerce, she surely has not the
power to prevent the Government passing over
her domain without the State's consent.
Gentlemen opposed to this bill upon the
ground that we have no constitutional povver
to pass it admit that the Government has the
power to remove an obstruction. The clause
of the Constitution which I have quoted was
put there, in my judgment, for the very pur-
pose of protecting the people, without regard
to State lines, in the enjoyment of free com-
merce and trade, untrammeled by assumed
State rights or State usurpations. It was that
the power should be retained in the Govern-
ment, so that State lines should not be permit-
ted to become State barriers under State au-
thority, and the energy and industry of the
people broken down. It was to enable the
General Government, at any time when it
might be deemed necessary, to open a way
from one extremity of the country to the other
for the benefit of the people.
If the Congress has not the power to pass
this bill, and the doctrine of the gentlemen
who oppose it is correct, then, sir, it rests in
the say so of States whether the people of one
State shall cross the line and go into another.
This is State rights, and, in my judgment, as
pernicious as the State rights which brought
on the late war.
It is the same doctrine in fact, but applied
to a specific subject. I shall never vote for or
favor any such doctrine. I shall never sup-
port a doctrine which carried to its legal and
logical consequences places it in the power of
the States east of my own to prevent the peo-
ple of Illinois from reaching the eastern sea-
board except upon the terms satisfactory to
those States ; and, sir, I may say the same of
those west between Illinois and the Pacific.
They have the right to go east, west, north,
or south, and the Constitution will not tolerate
any State 111 setting itself up as a dictalor of
the terms upon which the people of Illinois
shall be allowed to pass.
1 he people of Illinois have the right to go to
the great commercial metropolis of the nation
with their products unobstructed without ask-
ing Indiana, Ohio, orNew York. And, sir, men
need not tell me that the Constitution is not
broad enough to clear out of the way all hin-
derances, and authorize, if you please, a great
military and postal railroad from the West to
the East upon which could be borne the people
and their products. It is charged that we
desire to break down the State governments
and assume control of all the domestic affairs
of the States. No such thing. We claim no
more authority for the Government now than
was- claimed for it in its earlier history. I am
for breaking down all attempted usurpations
by the States, and allowing them to exercise all
the authority that was granted them by the
fathers in the days when all the institutions of
the country were new.
For many years before the late war the States
gradually claimed greater and greater powers
under the Constitution, until it became the the-
ory of a large portion of the people of the conn-
try that the States were members of the Union
with power to withdraw from it at will, and that
the General Government had no power under
the Constitution to prevent it. This doctrine
was instilled into the minds of the people of
the South generally, until finally it culminated
in a war against the Union, the result of which,
I trust, has settled the question that there can
be no such thing as peaceable secession in this
country.
Now, sir, the doctrine of State rights crops
out in another form, and we are told that Con-
gress has no power under the Constitution to
open up channels of commerce for postal or
military or other purposes through the States,
and that these are matters bslonging exclusively
to the States, to be regulated by them as they
please. I will not say that it is an attempt to
give life again to the doctrine that inspired re-
bellion and that we supposed had perished when
the nation triumphed over treason in the late
war; but, sir, while rebels are hopeful that
the lost cause will yet be made a living cause,
I think the Government should be very slow to
declare by legislative action that it rests with
the States to say whether the means of com-
merce demanded by the necessities of the peo-
ple shall or shall not be granted.
Gentlemen argue that the exercise of this
power by the Government will result in addiDg
largelv to the already overgrown lobby around
this Capitol. There is some force in this argu-
ment. I appreciate the force of it. Legis-
lative lobbies have got to be fearful here al-
ready ; so they are in the States. It seema
that there is no subject of legislation now in
any of our legislative bodies that is not watched
by scheming men who are determined to secure,
some special advantage therefrom. All the
important legislation here that affects directly
or indirectly the financial interests of the peo-
ple is followed by gangs of manipulators call-
ing themselves committees, perhaps three quar-
ters of whom have no interest whatever in the
general welfare of the people, but who are
seeking to shape legislation to suit their par-
ticular or special interest. This state of things
is to be deplored. It is to be hoped that it will
not continue in such fearful proportions much
longer. But, sir, much as I deprecate any
action that would possibly result in any increase
of the lobby, I shall not be turned from what
I deem my duty to the people by such a sag-
gestion.
The State which I have the honor in part to
represent occupies a noble position in the Val-
ley of the Mississippi. She is a long distance
from this capital; she is far distant from the
Atlantic sea-board ; she is further from the Pa-
cific. Many States border upon the great Mis-
sissippi river between her southern boundary
and the mouth of that great river. That great
State, sir, shall never be made subservient to
the whims and fancied rights of the States lying
by her side, either upon the east, west, oi
south. The Constitution of the country is
broad enough to enable the Government to open
the way in any direction that her people may
desire to go if the States around her interpose
