1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February J. 7,
An act (S. No. 902) granting a pension to
J. 11. Callahan, of Chariton, Iowa;
An act (8. No. 903) granting a pension to
Horace Peck, of Charlton, Massachusetts;
An act (S. No. 904) granting a pension to
Benjamin T. Raines, of Indiana ;
An act (S. No. 905) granting a pension to
Clark Hall;
An act (S. No. 906) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Clarke ;
An act (S. No. 943) granting arrears of pen-
sion to Almira Scott;
An act (S. No. 940) granting arrears of pen-
sion to Augustus W. Punchard;
An act (S. No. 790) for the relief of Mrs.
Sarah 15. Brooker;
An act (S. No. 945) granting pensions to
Eliza Shelton, Nancy Shelton, Corina Met-
calf, Nancy King, Patsev J. Shelton, Sarah
Metcalf, Cloa Shelton, and Mary Franklin,
and their children under the age of sixteen
years;
An act (S. No. 944) granting a jpension to
Roswell W. Silsbee;*
An act (S. No. 939) granting a pension to
Agnes Ellen Kleiss;
An act (S. No. 941) granting a pension to
Benjamin Q. Stone;
An act (S. No. 900) granting a pension to
William B. Looney, of Alabama;
An act (S. No. 942) granting & pension to
Sarah E. Haines;
An act (S. No. 949) granting a pension to
Lydia W. Ford;
An act (S. No. 938) granting a pension to
Mary Hodgson ;
An act (8. No. 937) granting a pension to
Daniel B. Lewis;
An act (S. No. 910) granting a pension to
the children of Martin N. Slocum, deceased ;
Joint resolution (S. E. No. 108) for the re-
lief of John Montgomery; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 218) donating
to the public schools of Washington, District
of Columbia, the frame building located at the
southeast corner of Twenty-Second street west
and I street north in said city.
Mr. PEBHAM; I move that the pension
bills included among those just received from
the Senate, with the exception of those appro-
priately belonging to the Committee on Itevo-
lulionary Pensions and of the War of 1812,
be referred to tlie Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move! that so many of the
bills as appropriately belong to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and of the War of
1812 bo referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGK. I move to reconsider
the votes just taken on the reference of Senate
bills; and also move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CUlUtKNCY—ACiAIN
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. The next
amendment in order is that of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Inuhuhou,,] which is to
strike out the second and fourth sections and
insert a substitute. As this amendment pro-
poses to strike out not only the fourth section
but additional matter, it is in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
the point of order that the first question is upon
amending the text of the sections proposed to
be stricken out.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustaius that point of order.
Mr. GlllSWOLD. My amendment is first
in-order, as it is to the text of the original bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
first recurs on the amendment of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. Gkiswold's amendment was read, as
follows:
Strike out "thirty" and insert "ninety;" so the
bill will tbon road:
And any association which has horetoforo gono
into liquidation under the provisions of the section
to which this is an amendment shall pay over to the
Treasurer lawful money equal in amount to its out-
standing circulation within ninety days from thedate
of the passage of this act, in default of which its
bonds shall be sold as above provided.
The amendment was agreed to. ~
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. ButleHj of Massachusetts; which
was read as follows :
Amend the second section of the bill by substitut-
ing as follows, after the enacting clause:
That section forty-two of said act be so far amended
as to provide that thirty «lays after notice shall be
served upon the Comptroller of the Currency by tiny
banking association organized under the laws of the
United States that it has gone into liquidation by a
vote of its shareholders, as-provided in said section,
or whenever proceedings have been takenunder the
provisions of said act against any such banking as-
sociation for any violation of the provisions thereof,
all payments of interest upon the bonds pledged by
such banking association to redeem its circulation
or to secure its deposits due to the United States shall
cease, cxceptas hereinafterprovided; butsuch asso-
ciation may produce and deliver up to the Comp-
trolieroftheC!urrency,to becanceled, any; of its bills
theretofore furnished it for circulation in sums of
$100 or any multiple thereof, and receive an assign-
ment, as provided in said section forty-two, of a pro
rata proportion ofthebonds pledged for theirredemp-
tion ; and the accrued interest on such bonds so as-
signed shall be paid to such association, and thesnme
may bo done from time to time until all said bills
shall have been returned to the Comptrollor and can-
celed, when such association shall be discharged from
all liability on account of its circulation; and when
its deposits due the United States are paid with in-
terest thereon in coin from the time the association
shall bo proceeded against or have gono into liqui-
dation, tuen the bonds deposited as security for de-
posits shall be assigned us provided in said act, and
tho interest thereon shall be paid to theassociation ;
Provided, That nothing herein shall hinder the sale
or lori'oiturc of the bonds by tho Comptroller of tho
Currency in the manner providodby lawfo'rany vio-
lation of tho provisions of said act, or, wheu neces-
sary, for tho redumption of tho billswhon presented
to tho Treasury of the United States; butno balance
or surplus of cither principal or interestshall be paid
over to such banking nssoouition who makes default
in i odecming its circulation: And provided further.
That an amount of circulation equal to that so can-
celed shall bo forthwith issued to the banks in those
States not having their full proportion of circulation
according to law.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
32, noes 40 : no quorum voting.
The SPEAKEiijpro tempore ordered tellers ;
and appointed Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,
and Mr. Pomeroy.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 45, noes 73.
Mr. CHANLER demanded the yeas and
nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken y and it was decided
in tho negative—yeas 04, nays 88, not voting
70 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, DelosR. Ashley, Axtell,
Beck. Benton,Boutwell.Broomall, Benjamin3 \But-
ler, Cary, Chanler, Cobb, Corley, Covodo, Deweesc,
Diokoy, Donnelly, Edwards, Ferry, l7ox, French. Gol-
laday.Goss. Gove, Jlolman. Hooper, Hopkins, Hum-
phrey, Hunter. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Lou^hridge,
Marshall, McCullough, McICee, Myers, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Pettis, Phelps, Ross, Sco-
fiold, Shanks, Stevens, Stokes, Taber, Thomas, Tift,
Robert 1\ Van Horn, van Trump, Ward, Henry D.
Washburn. Whittexnoro, William Williams, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Baldwin, Boaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bingham, Blair, Boyden, Boyer,
Bromwcll, Buokland,Buckley, Roderick 11. Butler,
Reader W. Clarlto, Cornell, Dawes, Doekery, Dodge,
EckJey, Eggleaton, Eldridge, Thomas J). Eliot* Earns-
worth, Feiriss, Fields, Garfield, Getz, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Haight, Halsey, Hamilton, Haughey, ileaton,
lligby. Hill, Hotchkibg, Chester I) Hubbard, Inger-
soll, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Ketcham, Kitchen,
Koontz,Lafiin, Lash, William Lawrence, Loan, Mal-
lory, McCarthy, Miller, Moore, Moohead, Morrell,
Neweomb, N orris, O'Neill, Perham, Poters, Pierce,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price. Randall,
Roots, Sawyer, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, Stover, Tafie, Trow-
bridge, Twiehell, Upsoo, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Welker. James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Woodbridge—88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Arncll. James M. Ashley, Bailey. Banks, Barnes, Bar-
num, Blackburn, Blaine, Bole^, Bowen, Brooks, Burr,
(Jake, Callis, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Ciift, Coburn,
Cook. Cullom, Delano, Dixon, Dviggs. Ela, James T.
- Elliott, Glossbrcnner, Grover, Harding, Hawkins,
: Asahel W. Ilubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
: Jcnckt'K,George V. Lawrence. Lincoln*Logan,Lynch,
| Marvin, Maynard, McCormick, Merour, Morrisxey,
i Mullius, Mungen, Newshain, Nuiui, Pike  Pile,
I Prince, Pruyn.Raum, Robertson,Robinson,Schonok,
Spaldfng, Stone; Sypher, Taylor, John Trimble. Law-
rence S. Trimble, van Aukcn. Van Wyck, Vidal,
ElihuB.Washburne, WilliamB. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, and Windom—70.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred ou Mr. Ingeii-
soll's amendment 5 which was read as fol-
lows:
Strike out sections two and four, and in lieu thereof
insert the following;
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. That section twen-
ty-two of the act to which this is supplementary bo
so amended that said section shall read as follows:
in order to furnish suitable notesfor circulation, tho
Comptroller of the Currency is hereby authorized
and required, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to cause plates and dies to be en-
graved in the best manner, to guard against counter-
feiting andfraudulent alterations, and tohave printed
therefrom, and numbered, such quantity ef circulat-
ing notes, in blank, of the denominations of SI,82,
S3, $5, $10, $20, $50, $100. $500, and $1,000, as may be
required to supply, under this apt, the associations en-
titled to receive ,tne same; which notes shall express
upon their face that tliey are secured by United States
bonds deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States, by the written or engraved signatures of tho
Treasurer and Register, and by the imprint of the
seal of the Treasury: and shall also express upon
their face the promise of the association receiving
tho same to pay On demand, attested by the signa-
tures of the president or vice president and cashier.
Aiid the said notes shall bear such devices and such
other statements, and shall bo in such form as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall; by regulation, di-
rect: Provided, That not moro than one sixth part
of the notes furuislied to an association shall be of a
less denomination than &5, and that after specie pay-
ments shall be resumed no association shall be fur-
nished with notes of a less denomination than $5.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthebecretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed t©
prepare and issue, as hereinafter directed, bonds of
the United States, either coupon or registered, to the
amount of $600,000,000, payable at the pleasure of
the United States after twenty years from dato in
lawful money, and bearing interest at the rate of
four per cent, per annum, pavable semi-annually in
coin. The bonds hereby authorized shall be of such
denomination, not less than $50, as may be doomed
expedient by the Secretary of tho Treasury.
Skc. *1, And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby empowered to dispose
of the bonds hereby authorized to bo issued for law-
ful money of the United States at not less than their
par value.
Sec. 5 And be it further enacted. That each and
every banking association organized and doing busi-
ness under and by virtue of tho act'to which this U
supplementary, is hereby required to deposit with
the Treasurer of the United States, within six
months after tho passage of this act, an amount of
tho bonds hereby authorized to bo issued ectual to
tho amount of bonds then on deposit by said asso-
ciations, respectively, with the said Treasurer as
security for the circulation and Government depos-
its of such associations; and tho said Treasurer is
hereby authorized to receive from such associations
tho bonds hereby authorized to bo issued in lieu of
any other bonds held by him; and in case any such
association shall fail to comply with the require-
ments of this section within six months from the
passage of this act the Comptroller of the Currency
shall forthwith appoint a receivor to wind up the
business of such association in tho manner provided
by the act to which this is supplementary.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act no bonds, except those
to bo issued under this act. shall be received by tho
Treasurer of the United States as security for tho
circulation of any such association, now or hereafter
to be organized, or lor security for United States
deposits.
Skc. 7. Andbe it farther enacted. That tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and ho hereby is, directed
to buyin open market, at the lowest market price,
any of the gold-bearing interest bonds of the Uni-
ted States issued under any former act of Cohgross,
with the lawful money received in exchange for tho
bonds hereby authorized to be issued; and ho is
hereby prohibited from using or disposing of in
any other manner tho lawful money so received in
exchange for such bonds; and he is hereby further
directed to cancel and destroy, in accordance with
the manner now provided bj; law. each and every
bond so purchased as aforesaid under the provisions
of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent, with this act are hereby
repealed.
Mr. CHANLER demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused j and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The House was divided j and there were—
ayes 45, noes 67.
Mr. INCrERSOLL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ingersoll
and Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House again divided j and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes 38.
Mr. JUDO, 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER .pro tempore. The yeas and
