1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ids, and able and energetic men are already at
work organizing a victory over those natural
enemies of the Northwest, which will prove
most auspicious to the interests of Illinois,
Minnesota, and Wisconsin.
I have now indicated all the improvements
in water transportation heretofore made for
the Northwest. Their utter inadequacy has
stimulated the construction of the following
auxiliary railway lines, namely, the Ogdens-,
burg and Lake Champlain, New York Central,
New York and Erie, Pennsylvania Central,
and Baltimore and Ohio roads, with their
numerous connections within the United States,
and the Great Western and Grand Trunk roads
in Canada. Having thus shown what has hith-
erto been done by the Federal Government to
enable the Northwest to get to market, I will
proceed to indicate those further improvements
which are in my judgment demanded by the
interests of these northwestern States and of
the whole country.
An examination into the condition of the sev-
eral freight lines from the Northwest to the sea
at once discloses the cause of and remedy for
our sufferings. In my opinion these two prop-
ositions rest upon established facts, and are
beyond the reach of successful controversy.
First, our products will not bear railway trans-
portation to the sea-board. Second, our water
carriage to the sea is now altogether inade-
quate.
The committee on canals in the late New
York constitutional convention, in their reports
to that body, record the following conclusion :
"The increased expense by rail is anotherinsuper-
able objection. The actual cost to the railroad from
Buffalo to New York for the past three years, as
appears by the returns made under oath oil behalf
of the New York Central Railroad Company, has
been double all the charges upon the Erie canal, and
in excess of the water carriage from Chicago to New
York."
They state the cost to the railroad per ton
per mile and the canal freight and tolls per ton
per mile for 1864, 18(55, and 1866, as follows,
namely: 1804, railroad2 cents, canal, 1^ cents;
1865, railroad 2^ cents, canal lfifo cents;
1S66, railroads 2rJ5 cents, canal lfyV cents. _
Senator Ramsey, in his speech delivered in
the Senate in advocacy of the measure now
under consideration, fixes the cost of trans-
portation per ton per mile on the Mississippi
river at 3 mills, and by railroad at 12| to 13}
mills. Mr. McAlpine, late New York State
engineer, in his report to the Legislature of
that State in 1855, fixed the cost of transporta-
tion per ton per mile for railroads from 12a to
13} mills; canals, 4 to 6 mills ; river, %\ to 3
mills; lake, 2 to 4 mills; and ocean, 1.} to
6 mills. While it is impossible to give any
particular figures which will be permanent or
universal in their application, all who have
inquired into the subject concur in the conclu-
sion that the cost of transportation is one hun-
dred per cent., greater by rail than by canal,
and that the Northwest cannot be prosperous
without some cheaper carriage to the sea than
railway transportation.
Now, in 1865 the average value of one bushel
of corn in New England, New York, New
Jersey, and Pennsylvania, taken togf'her, was
90 cents, and in Illinois 29£ cents, i.'he dif-
ference is 60| cents, and must, I tbink, ap-
proximate to the cost of transportation. Mr.
Itobb, of Dubuque, puts the freight from the
Mississippi to New York at 05 cents, and the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
Eliot,] in his speech in the House on the
Inst river and haibor bill, puts it at 65| cents.
The canal committee of the New York con-
vention put the cost of railway transportation
at 215q11)- cents per ton per mile for 1865. That
makes the freight on one bushel of com 1,000
miles 70 cents. The approximation of these
results to each other brings irresistibly to my
mind the conviction that the average freight
of corn from the Northwest to New York in
1865 was virtually fixed by the railroads, and
was not less than 65 cents. But such freights
the Northwest cannot pay. _
Practically tho Mississippi river and the New
York canals are our only waterroutes. I leave
out of view the St. Lawrence, because it is
under a foreign flag.
Citizens of western New York earnestly assert
that their canals are sufficient for all our wants,
and show us how many bushels of wheat they
could transport for us in a year by keeping all
their boats busy every day from the first oft
May to the first of December. But the com-
mittee on canals in the New York constitu-
tional convention entertain a different opinion.
The following is an extract from their report:
" Entertaining these views, your committee have
devoted much of their time to the guostion as to
what improvements, if any, aro necessary, and
whether the revenues will be sufficient for the pur-
pose of such improvements without resort to taxa-
tion, or without any abandonment of the pledges of
tho existing constitution. Your committee found
these questions very fully considered and discussed
in the reports upon the subject made by tho canal
committee to the Legislature during its last session,
and in the official reports of canal officers tor several
years past. They have also taken the examination
of engineers, public officers, and practical operators
who were deemed to possess the most leliable knowl-
edge upon thesubjeet.
" From these sources it appears that in the en-
largement of the Erie canal about seventy miles of
tne eastern section (being the first portion enlarged)
was constructed with what we term wall benches,
and is from six to ten feet narrower on the bottom
than the remainder of the channel. Tho reverse
should be the case, and the eastern the widor por-
tion, to accommodate the accumulation of boats as
they eomo in Jrom tho other canals and approach the
Hudson river. The removal of these wall benches, so
as to make this portion of tho canal as wide at least
as tho remaining portion, is indispensable to secure
the full navigable capacity of the Ei ie canal. They
are also of the opinion that the present locks upon
the Erie, Oswego, and'Ca.yuga, and Seneca canals do
notlurnishto tho canals more than one quarter of
such navigable capacity. The locks will not admit
of the passage of boats carrying over about two hun-
dred tons, and for considerable portions of theseason
of navigation they are not sufficient to accommodate
tho business now offered. The published estimates
and tables, based upon an equal distribution of lock-
ages through tho entire season of such navigation,
show that not over seventy-live or eighty per cent,
of the capacity of the locks has yet been reached.
But these estimates are fallacious in practice, as tho
main business is crowded into a much shorter period
of time. The lockages cannot, in practice, bo so dis-
tributed ; and when boats aro crowding for lockage
tho time of passing will alwaj'S be more or less de-
layed by irregularities which unavoidably will occur.
In tho mode in which the business is now done tlio
locks are taxed duiing the season, from harvest to
near the close of navigation, to their full capacity,
and at times beyond that. This is shown to have been
the case tor seveial years, resulting at times in se-
rious and protracted delays in navigation."
In the introduction to the census report on
agriculture for 1860 it is asserted, as the re-
sult of statistics given, that from three fifths to
two thirds of our production is transported by
railroad to our Eastern market. If this esti-
mate is correct or any where near accuracy,
what becomes of the assertion that the canals
of New York are now adequate for our trade.
It is clear to my own mind that while we can-
not spare our railway routes from the North-
west to the sea-board, it is absolutely indis-
pensable that our great water routes should
receive prompt and careful attention. • Our
interests in the present and immediate future,
to say nothing of that more distant future so
vast and brilliant as to overwhelm and bewilder
the mind that attempts to grasp it, demand
the prudent and expeditious improvement of all
available water routes to the sea.
First, as I have said, the upper Mississippi
must be made and kept clear, so that its trade
may freely move to New Orleans or New York
or Europe, as its exigencies or interest may
require, so that wheat may be transported from
Minnesota and western Wisconsin via New Or-
leans to New York for thirty-three cents per
bushel instead of sixty-five, and for thirty-seven
cents to Liverpool, when for the last five years
it has averaged, in our currency, $1 90. And
if, when the South shall have put on the beau-
tiful garments of freedom, it shall be found
that the trade of Europe and the Northwest
can better meet at New Orleans than New
York, there is no divine law_, there ought to
be no human law, against, it.. In the next
place, the nuisance of the St. Clair flats, where
stranded propellers so often detain impatient
fleets, ought to be abated. A wide and deep
channel should be promptly made, and hence-
forth perpetually maintained, so that onr wheat
ships may plow the way not only to Buffalo,
Oswego, and Ogder.sburg, and eventually to
New York, but also to London and Liverpool,
if the day shall come, as I doubt not it will
come, when Europe and the Northwest will
make their exchanges on the Thames or Mer-
sey or Lake Michigan, with no tribute to mid-
dle-men in New York.
The third measure necessary for our relief
is the excavation of a ship-canal, through
American soil, around Niagara falls. This
projecteneounterirniost violentopposition from
interests located at Buffalo, and between Buf-
falo and Syracuse on the Erie canal. We shall
presently discover the secret of this hostility.
Its enemies tell us in the first place that the
ship-canal is not needed, because the harbor
accommodations and elevating facilities of
Buffalo are adequate to the transhipment of
all our grain, and the New York canals to its
transportation. But if the history of the east-
ward movement of our grain and meal has
demonstrated anything, it has demonstrated
that the New York canals are not sufficient for
its transportation. And as I have shown, the
canal committee of the New York constitu-
tional convention declares that they are not
sufficient. If the canals are inadequate what
relief can we find in the character of the Buf-
falo harbor, or the capacity of Buffalo eleva-
tors? The adversaries of this project tell us,
in the second place, that it will be unconstitu-
tional for the national Government to attempt
it. The friends of this project find its consti-
tutional warrant in the power to regulate com-
merce among the States, and some also in the
war power, and in the power to lay and collect
taxes in order to provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the country.
The grant of the power to regulate commerce
is made in these words: "The Congress shall
have power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several States." The
opponents of this measure say that the power
to regulate is not the power to relieve, or aid,
or improve, or advance. But the power to
regulate foreign commerce and the power to
regulate domestic commerce are conveyed by
the same sentence, the same words; and the
word ''regulate" confers no power for the
benefit of foreign commerce which it does not
also confer, to precisely the same extent, for
the benefit of commerce between the States.
If, therefore, the word does not authorize the
relief, assistance, or advancement of com-
merce, internal as well as external, every sin-
gle expenditure of the Government, from the
first session of the First Congress to the last
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, for bea-
cons, light-houses, breakwaters, harbors, the
coastwise trade, the fisheries, and for remov-
ing obstructions to navigation from seaports
and their approaches, and from creeks, rivers,
sounds, and bays, has been made in violation
of the Constitution. These expenditures have
all been made for the relief, promotion, and
benefit of commerce, external or internal ;
and their constitutionality can be vindicated on
no other ground unless by a resort to the other
powers to which I have referred. If it be un-
constitutional for Congress to provide for the
construction of this link in a chain of connec-
tion between more than twenty different States,
it was also unconstitutional for Congress to
make any one of these expenditures, hundreds
if not thousands in number. The opponents
of this measure tell us that the Convention
which framed the Constitution rejected Dr.
Franklin's motion to give Congress " power
to provide for cutting canals when deemed
necessary." But Mr. Sherman's objection
shows what the proposition really was. Mr.
Sherman said:
"The expense in stich eases will fall on the United
States, and the benefit accrue to theplaceswhere tne
canals may be cut.''
This shows that the scope of Dr. Franklin's
motion embraced not merely canals connecting
several States, but also the shortest local ca-
nals which oould not be links in the commerce
