1869.]
APPENDIX TO; THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
40th Cong....3d Sbss.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. DoolitUe.
Senate.
objection, and my votes here shall be in favor
of the principle establishing the right. Mr.
Speaker, I would like to have more time that
I might quote from the great men of earlier
times upon this important subject, but I see
my time has expired.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. DOOLITTLE,
Olf WISCONSIN,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 6, 1869.
The Senate having: under consideration the joint
resolution (H. It. No. 402) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States-
Mr. DOOLITTLE said:
Mr. President: I look upon this proposed
amendment as one which goes to the founda-
tion of our system of government.
We have State governments and we have a
Federal Government. The citizen owes alle-
giance to both. He may be guilty of treason
against both.
Neither of these governments is endowed
with absolute sovereignty. Before the Consti-
tution absolute sovereignty belonged to the
States, but under the Constitution they have
only a limited sovereignty. The States are
still sovereign, except so far as they have parted
with sovereignty under the Constitution, and
the Federal Government is sovereign just so
far as and no further than the Constitution
has clothed it with sovereignty. Ours is a
composite system, simple in theory, and yet
sometimes most difficult in practice. This very
divided empire of ours, by which a part of the
sovereign powers of government are given to
the Federal Government, while the great mass
of sovereign powers is reserved to the States
each for itself, independent of all others, is
that very thing which distinguishes our system
from every other which has appeared upon
earth. It was in this very thing that our an-
cestors believed, and we have been taught to
believe that they made a great advance in the
science of human government.
Each State for itself must exercise the great
mass of sovereign powers as each State must
for itself be the bulwark and defense of the
great mass of their rights and their liberties,
while to the Federal Government must be dele-
gated certain definite and specified sovereign
powers necessary to preserve the peace at home
and secure us against danger from abroad.
There is, therefore, such a thing as State sov-
ereignty, and there is such a thing as Federal
sovereignty. Among the other nations of the
earth the thirty-seveu States united are one na-
tion, not by a league or copartnership or com-
pact to be dissolved at pleasure, but by a con-,
stitution of government indissoluble forever;
while among themselves under the Constitu-
tion for the defense of the great mass of our
rights and liberties, and as to all powers not
delegated to the Federal Government, they are
thirty-seven free and independent States—E
phtribus umvm: though many we are one.
These are the fundamental ideas upon which
our system rests.
Now, Mr. President, these two ideas—first,
that we are many, and second, that we are one—
have presided over our system in every period
of its history. They were there in the begin-
ning ; I may say from before the beginning. If
you go to the Convention which formed our
Constitution these ideas were there. There is
where they first struggled for the mastery. Like
two spiritual forces, each had its representative
men in that convention. Some favored cen-
tralization and giving enlarged powers to the
Federal Government; others in the Conven-
tion would restrict the powers of this Govern-
ment to a very few subjects. After a struggle
the Constitution was at length formed, and
after a still more powerful struggle in the States
before the people the Constitution was adopted.
It was to a considerable extent the result of
compromise between these two conflicting ideas,
each of which must be modified by the other.
Hamilton, in that day, was the representative
of centralization—of that party who desired to
make a strong central government; while, on
the other side, Jefferson, perhaps, more than
any other, may be regarded as the true repre-
sentative of those who desired to restrict the
powers of this Government and to reserve the
great mass of powers to the several States, while
Madison, nearly midway between them, neither
inclined to the one extreme nor to the other,
was perhaps more than any other man the
father of the Constition. His counsel, his ad-
vice, his propositions from time to time pre-
vailed, which resulted at last in that great com-
promise between State sovereignty and Federal
sovereignty which our Constitution is, and un-
der which we have lived, and I trust in God we
shall still live, and our children after us, to the
remotest generations.
But, Mr. President, from the imperfection
of human language it is impossible for any man,
however gifted, to define the powers of the
Government so clearly that no doubt what-
ever may be permitted to exist. To define the
precise line of demarcation between the powers
granted and the powers reserved is a most dif-
ficult task—to mark in language the precise
point where the powers of the State end, and
the power of the Federal Government begins.
But there are some powers so clearly defined
that no man in his senses can be mistaken. Upon
this great question, whether the power of the
States over the question of suffrage is reserved
to them or conferred upon the Federal Gov-
ernment by the Constitution, no sane man can
doubt. And, sir, the wisdom of still reserving
it to the States is so undoubted that even Mr.
Hamilton, the representative of centralization,
the incarnation of Federalism, was compelled
to say that to put into the Constitution of the
United States such a power in this Government
to control the question of suffrage and elections
in the States would be an engine calculated
to destroy the governments of the States.
Mr. President, I do not make this statement
at random. I have before me the language of
Mr. Hamilton, in the fifty-uinth number of
the Federalist, in which he puts this very case :
" Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution empowering the United States to regu-
late elections for the States, would any man have
hesitated lo condemn it both as an unwarrantable
transposition of power and as a premeditated engine
for the destruction of the State governments?"
And yet your proposed amendment does all
that. Mr. President, it says that suffrage shall
not be restricted on account of race, color, or
previous condition, and that Congress shall have
power to enforce it by appropriate legislation.
Sir, the power to enforce it of necessity implies
power over the elections of the States. In
order to give to the colored man of the States
the right to vote at the elections in the States,
to secure to his vote a fair count, and to make
sure that if his vote be counted and determine
the result that the person elected shall have
the office, will draw to this Government the
power to control the elections themselves. It
is impossible to separate the two. But one
authority can decide the result of ati election.
It must be the State authority or the Federal
authority. As it reaches all elections, if the
Federal authority is supreme, the State author-
ity must succumb in all elections to Federal
control.
The power which Congress must exercise to
carry this into effect will call upon Congress
to appoint judges at the election-polls; to send
officers to attend the elections to secure order ;
to count the votes and secure the votes of col-
ored men in determining the result—in short,
to control the elections. If your constitutional
provision is nothing more nor less than a declar-
ation of opinion without the power to enforce it
by Congress, it goes for nothing. Necessarily
the power to enforce it must go with it, and if
that goes with it where is to be the end ? How
many officers of this Government must be sent
to the States to take charge of their elections
and to see that these people are admitted to
the right to vote ?
To force negro suffrage upon the South you
have maintained a large standing Army at
millions and tens of millions expense. How
much will it cost you to. force it upon the
North? I say, Mr. President, that even Ham-
ilton, strongly as he urged the establishment
of a Federal Government with almost abso-
lute powers, shrank back from this proposition
as an engine for the utter destruction of the
State governments. Mr. Story, too, one of
the ablest commentators upon the Constitu-
tion—the judge I believe at whose feet the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] was instructed like Paul at the feet
of Gamaliel—Mr. Justice Story, though every-
body knows he was inclined to Federalism,
and inclined to a strong Government here,
denounced this proposition in language equally
strong as Hamilton himself. He declared "it
would be deemed a flagrant violation of the
principle upon which the Government is based,
that it would be an unwarrantable transfer of
power indicating a premeditated design to
destroy the State governments." And yet his
disciple is one of the greatest advocates for the
exercise of this power by the Government of
the United States. He sees, or thinks he sees
in the Constitution as it is, a power to pass
laws on the subject of suffrage in the States,
although his great teacher, Judge Story, main-
tained that the attempt to put such a.provision
in the Constitution would show a premeditated
design to destroy the State governments.
Mr. President, I maintain in the first place
that the right to fix the qualifications of voters
is essential to a republican form of govern-
ment, and that any State which has not the
right to fix and determine for itself who shall
vote and who shall not vote ceases to be re-
publican, for it loses the power to govern itself.
If Congress can determine who shall vote in
Indiana, Indiana no longer governs herself.
If Illinois can determine who shall vote in In-
diana, it is not the people of Indiana who gov-
ern themselves, but it is the people of Illinois
wlio govern Indiana.
It cannot be too often repeated that it i8
absolutely essential to republican government
that the State for itself shall have the power to
fix the qualification of its voters. That clause
in the Constitution to which thehonorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts so often appeals, "that
the United States shall guaranty to each State
a republican form of government," is in direct
conflict with the proposed amendment, because
republican government is self-government, and
there can be no self-government in a State if
any outside State or any other power above the
control of the State can take away from the
States the power to determine for themselves
who shall exercise the right of suffrage in the
States ; for those who vote govern the State,
and if an outside power determines who shall
vote in a State that power governs the State.
This is a proposition not to amend, but to
revolutionize. It is not in the way of improv-
ing and upholding, but in the way of upturning
the foundations of the system, and of destroy-
ing the very spirit which gives it life, the very
ideas of which it was born, upon which it has
lived, and without which our republican insti-
tutions in a country so vast and so diversified
as ours cannot survive.
Why, suppose that a proposition were brought
in here by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or some other Senator, in these times
which tend so strongly to imperialism to strike
out the word "republican" in this guarantee
clause and insert ''monarchical," and thus
make the Constitution declare that the United
States shall guaranty to every State a '• mon-
archical" form of government, would that be
