1869,
THE-. O0K&E19SIOMIi '&LCHS.
nays havedteenrefnsed, and tellers on order-
ing the yeSs ted nays have been refosed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise the point of order
that sines the yeas and nays were ctfused a
division" has been taken by tellers.-.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules ■ it. The fact of a division being
taken does not affect the question.
So the amendment of Mr. Ixobbsoijc. was
agreed to.
Mr. IN(tER$OLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
• The latter motion was agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wood, to add the following as
an additional section :
* Sec. — And be it further enacted, That every asso-
ciation authorized under this act and the act to whieh
this is supplementary shall provide^ for the redemp-
tion of its notes at some of the principal moneyed
centers of the United State? to .be selected by the
'Comptroller of the Currency; and it shall be theduty
ofthe Secretary of the Treasury to cause to be assorted
and sealed up , under. Government seal all national
bank notes received for payment of taxes, and send
th em for redempti&n in legal-tender notos to the re-
demption, agency. ■
The question being, put on the amendment,
there were—ayes 32, noes-59; no quorum vot-
ing. ■ • "
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wood and
Homems were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 36, noes 77.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays -were ordered. •
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 14, nays 149, not voting
59^ as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, ArcMr, Barnes Benton,
Brooks, Chanler, Fox, Humphrey, Price. Robertson,
Stone. Wood. Woodward, and Young—14.
N"AYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos It. Ash-
lev, James M.Ashley, Baker, Beaman. Beatty. Beck,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Boy-
den. BromwelL, Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Burr,
Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Gary,
Churchill, Cobb. Corley, Cornell, Oovode, CuBom,
Bawes, Deweese, pickeyUockery, Bodga Eekley,
Edwards, Eggleston, Eldndge. Thomas D. Eliot,
Jame3 T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferris^ Ferry. Fields
French, Garfield. «etz, 60llad y, Gove,-Gravely,
Gnswold. Grever. Haifht. Halsey, Hamilton,
Ilaughev, Heaton, Hill. Holman,iHooper. Hopkins,
llotchkifS, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian. Kelley. Kel-
logg, Kerr, Ketetiam, Kitchen,Knott, Koontz, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan.
Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin.
Maynard, McCarthy, McKee, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrell, Mungen. Myers. Newcomb, Niblick, I\ich-
olson, Morris, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcrham,
Peters, Pierce. Pike. Plaiiis. Poland, Polsley. Price,
Randall, Raum. Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Selye, bhanks,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Sypher, loffe
Thomas, Tift, Trowbridge, iwichell. Upson, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, V an Trump, aid.
CAilwalader C. Washburn, Henry B. W asnbum,
WilliamB. Washburn. Welker. Whittemore, Thomas
Williams.j'amesl!'. Wilson, John 1. Wilson, Stephen
5b'. Wilson. NViodom. and Wood bridge—119.
KOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, A-rnell, Axtell,
■Riitev Baldwin, Banks. Barniim. Blackburn, Boles,
Bowen", Boyer. Callis, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Clift, Coburn, Cook, Deiauo, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Ela, Glossbretmer. Goss, Harumg,
Hawkins Higbv, Richard D. llubbard, Hulburd,
Kelsey, Lafiin, Lincoln, Logan, Mctonmck.MoLul-
lough, Mercur. Moore, Morrissey, Mullms, New-
sham, Pettis, Phelps. Pile Ponierp\ Pnnee.Prujn,
Robinson, Schenck. Scofield, Smith, laber,
J oh u Trimble, Lawrence b. Irimblc, \ an Auken,
Burt Van llorn, \ an yok, \ Elmu i>. VV a&a
burnc, aud William Williams 9o.
So the amendment was disagreed to. ^
Mr. WOOD. I now move to lay the bill and
amendments on the table.
Mr. GRISWOLD. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theatiirmative—yeas 92, nays <8, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Baldwin, JB nks.
Barnes, Barnum. Beatty, Btnijham, Blwr. Boutwell,
Buyer,lirooks,Broomall, Benjamin F, Butler, Cake,
Chanler. Churchill,Coburn, Cornell,Covode, Dawes,
 odge. Ela, Thomas D. liliot, i'erriss. > erry. 11« dt.
i'ox. Garfield. Getz, Goss, Griswold, Haigbt, Halsey,
Hamilton, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkisr, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester I>, Hubbard, Humphrey, Jenekes,
Johnson. Jiiitav Ketlcy. Kekey, Ketohamy Kitehen,
ICoont/., Laflm.Goorsrc V.Lawrence,XyochiMarnn,
McCarthy. Miller.jiuore.^Ioorhead, Mon-ell, Myers,
O'Neill, Paine, Pcrham, Peters. Pettis, Phelps. Po-
land, Poineroy, Price, Randall, Robertson, Robinson,
Scofteld, Selye, Smith, Spaklin*, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stewart, Taber, TUomas.Twtchell, Upson. Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Cadwaiader C.
Washburn, William B. Wa«hburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, Wood, and Woodbridge—-92.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson. Delos K. Ashley. Baker,
Beaman. Beck, Benjamin, Benton; Blaine, Boyden,
Bromwoll, Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Roderick R.
Butler, Cary, Cobb. Corley, Cullom. Deweese, Doek-
ery. Eekley, Eldridge. James T. Elliott, Farnsworth,
Golladay. Gove, Gravely, Grovcr. Haughey, Haw-
kins. Heaton, Holman, Hopkins, Hunter, Ingersoil,
Alexander H. Jooes. Thoin«^ X . Jooes, Julian, Kel-
logg. Kerr, Knott, Lath, William^Lawrence, Loan,
Lough ridge, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard MeCor-
miek, McKee, 'Neweomb, Ncwsham, Niblack. N ich-
olson, Norris, Orth. Pierce, Pike, Polsley, Prinee,
Raum, Roots. Ross, Sawyer, Shanks. Stone, Stover,
Taffe. Tift, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Trump, Henry D. Washburn, Whittemore, John T.
Wilson, Windom. Woodward, and Xouug—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ada
_ if i.Li'   <  *_>i t)-n.
NOT VOT1H (J—Messrs. Adams, Al ison, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Axtell. Bailey. Blackburn, Boles,
Bowen, Callis,. Reader W. Clarke; Sidney Cla-rke,
Clift,Cook, Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Donnelly, Drtggs,
Edward's, Egglcstori. French, Glossbrenner, Hard-
ing, Richard D.Hubbard, Hulhurii. Lincoln Logan,
McCullongh, Mercur, Morrissey, Mullins. Mungen,
Nunn, Pile, Plants, Pruyn, Schenck. Shellabarger,
'Sitgreaves, Stokes, Sypber, Taylor, John Trimble,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van- Auken, Van Wyck.
Vidal, Slihu B. Wiishburne, William Williams,
James 1'. Wilson, and Stephen F. V ilson—5z. ,
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid on the table ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
tbmbBLDRIDaB and Mr. STOVER de-
manded the yeas and nays on the latter motion.
Mr. INGKBSOLL. I move thatthe House
■adjourn, and we will take-some better day to
take this vote. - -
Mr. BROOMALL. That will cut off the
evening session.
* The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ettect
of that would be to dispense with the evening
session for the consideration of-the Army bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that -will not be
done.
Mr. BURR. I rise to ask a parliamentary
question. If the House should reconsider the
vote by which the bill was tabled, would it
then be in order to move to reeommit'it to th'e
Committee on Banking and Currency ?
- The'SPBAKER^ro tempore. The previous
question will exhaust itseif* on the third read-
ing of the bill, and before its passage a motion
to°recommit will be in order.
Mr. BURR. After the previous question
has exhausted itself?
The SPEAKER protempore. The previous
question, which is now pending, will exhaust
itself on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. - I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
SrPPLIES TO INDIAXS.
At this point the Speaker rested the chair,
and by unanimous consent laid before the
House a letter from the Secretary ot War,
transmitting a report-from the Quartermaster
General, relative to reimbursement of appro-
priations for .quartermaster's department on
account of supplies to Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
F1SJSS ON MAIL CONTliACTORS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Postmaster General, transmitting, in compli-
ance with the act of July 2, 183(5, a report of
fines imposed and deductions made from the
pay of contractors for carrying the mails of the
United States for the year ending June 30,
18G8 ; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
PLAN'S FOB WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPE VKBR also, byunanitnous consent,
kid* before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, asking an appropriation by con-
gress to pay for premiums for approved plans
for the new War Department building; which
was referred tfie Coiaiiittee"' on Appropri-
ations. i.'- .
SEMINOLE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a Letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, submitting an estimate of
appropriation for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the Seminole Indians ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. "
NOItTHWEST JOE COMPANY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior,, transmitting to
Congress the claim of the Northwest Pur
Company for provisions and payment of men
furnished to defend Port Union in 186&-67,
amounting to $20,501 70; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. Blaine then resumed the chair asSpeaker
pro tempore-, and the question recurred on the
motion of Mr. Isgeksou,, that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON'. I ask unanimous consent
to make a suggestion.
Mr. RANDALL'. I object to debate.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER, j^ro tempore. No point of
order can bo entertained pending a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the House will con-
sent to take a recess now I will withdraw the
motion to adjourn. - ;
Mr. RANDALL. I object to its being 'with-
drawn. The yeas and nays have been cirdered
on it. ' '
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a privileged
motion, that when the House adjourn to-day
it be to meet at half past seven o'clock this
evening. _
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
is equivalent to a motion lor a recess, and the
motion to adjourn takes precedence of the
motion i'or a recess. Upou the motion to ad-
journ the yeas and nays have been ordered,
and the roll will now be called. _
The question was then taken ; and it wai
decided in the negative—yeas 86, nays 90, not
voting 90; as follows :
FEAS— Messrs. 'Beck, Bromwell, Brooks. Burr
Cary, Chanler, Edwards, Eldridge, Fox, Oo|l«lay
Grover. Haight, Haugbey. Law kins Hobnail IJo wh-
kST'HumplreyTfeiSil.'Thomas' L. Jone^Knott
William Lawrence,^Marshall, McCoririick M"
Sewsham.SiblMk, Nicholson,NorrisJPolsley, Roots
Taber, Xaffe, Tift, Van Trump, Thomas Williams,
aBNAYS—M"X'srs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos B.
Ashley, Baker. Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Bepamm.
Benton, Bingham, Boutwell,Boyer, Broomall, Kack-
limd Buckley, Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Clift] Cobb, Coburn, Cornell, Cullom^Deweew, Dock-
ery, Eeklay, Ela, Ferriss,Ferry,Garfield.Getz. Sens
Gravely Griswold, Halsey, Heatoii, !'\r \. I ,
Hopkins, Asahel W. HubbLrd, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hunter. Jenekes, Johnson, Alexander
Jadd Julian, Kelley,> Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen.
Koon'tz Iiaflin, George V. Lawronce. Marvin, May
nard McCarthy. Miller, Moore, Morrell, ^nnaf
Paine, Perham. Peters, Pettis, Phelps,
Poland, Price, Raum, &oss. Sawyer. Scofield, Selye,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Ste
vens, Stewart, Stover. Thomas. Tro
Tln^nn Burt\an Horn, Kabeit 1. v<tn lioni, w nra
Cadwalader C. "Washburn, William B.
Welker^JohnT. Wilson. Woo4bridge.andYonns^
J™ P'«
i! MntijBiea T. Elliott. Pamsworth,
r-:el^s French Glossbrenner. Goss, llamilto., Hard-
ing Hooper, E chardD. Hubbard, Hulburd, Kellogg,
IS" Lalh. Lincoln, Loan. Logan. Ii url.ridge,
Lynch Mallory, McCnlloneh.McKe«, Mercur. Moor-
hSd Morrissey, Mullins, Myers,Isewcoroo.O
Orth Pike Plants, Pomeroy. Prince, Pruyn, Kan-
dill ' Robertson, Robinson, Schenck. bhaiiks . it-
ffrea'ves Stokes, Stone, Sypher, taylor, John Irtra-
!le LawrenceS. Trimble, Van Aernam, Van Auiion,
Tan Wyck, "Vidal, Elihu B. Washbuvne, Henry D.
Washburn. Whittemore, William W liliams. James
F.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, V- mdom, ami V> ood-
So the motion to adjourn was not agreod to.
The hour of half past four having arrived
during the call of the roll, the House, pursu-
ant to previous order, took a recess until ii*"
past seven o'clock p. m.
