iff
m Til .9 .
[February 6-
Senaue.;
Suffrage Constitutional Ameiidment-^Mf. Dooliitle.
40tii Cong....3d Sess.
sen amendment to the Constitution of the United
States?- I ask Senators is that amendment?
No, sir! No! it is revolution. It is striking at
its very life; and precisely so,' in this attempt
by this Government to take to itself control
over the suffrage of the States, this Govern-
ment is striking at the life of republican insti-
tutions within the States themselves. -Ay, Mr.
President, as Hamilton and Story declared, it
is & premeditated engine to destroy the State
governments.
Mr. President, I maintain that it is essential
to the liberty of the individual within the State
fliat the State shall be unrestricted m its power;
that it shall govern itself, and in order to
govern itself it must determine for itself who
shall vote and who shall not vote, for it is in
this voting power that Government resides.
If the State of Kansas, for instance, chooses
to bestow the right of suffrage upon the women
of the State, it is a thing which belongs to the
State of Kansas to decide for itself; and I
agree with what was read from the speech of
the honorable Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Pomeroy] by the honorable Senator from Mary-
land' [Mr. Vickers] yesterday where he said
that he, as a citizen of Kansas, would never
consent to have the Congress of the United
States, or any other power, determine for the
State of Kansas what should be the qualifica-
tions of her voters. He maintained then that
it belonged to the State as a sovereign State, as
a State to which is reserved and ought forever
to be reserved all the powers not granted to
the Federal Government, that it was essential
to the existence of the Stale that it should
have this power to decide for itself.
Mr. President, unless we can resist this tend-
ency towards centralization which the war
has awakened, and which is hurrying us on
with a velocity and a momentum which makes
every houest lover of his country tremble for
the coming future, while the revolutionists,
fanatics, and madmen of our time, like " fools,
rush in where angels fear to tread," and all
unconscious of impending danger are leaping
and shouting with maniac joy—1 repeat, unless
we can resist and overcome this tendency to
centralization and imperialism the days of our
republican institutions are already numbered.
Sir, if the powers of the States, one after
another, are to be absorbed here the liberties
of the citizen are gone. I have already said
the great mass of our liberties are defended,
not by act of Congress, but by the laws of the
States under which we live. What defends
my life as a citizen of Wisconsin? Not the
laws of Congress, but the laws of Wisconsin.
What defends my person against assault? Not
the laws of Congress, but the laws of Wisconsin.
What defends my reputation? Not the laws
enacted here, but the laws of Wisconsin. What
defends my family, my wife, my children, my
home, all my nearest and dearest rights? What
defends all my property against trespass, theft,
or robbery? Not the laws of Congress; no, sir,
no; but the laws of the State of Wisconsin.
Sir, unless we can revive among our people
more love for the States, more respect for the
rights of the States, not outside the Constitu-
tion, but under the Constitution ; if we cannot
resist this centralization, which is just as much
at war with the Constitution as was secession
itself, and which is fast sweeping us into that
maelstrom of imperialism in which all other
republics have been destroyed, our liberties
are gone! What the honorable Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] said perhaps will be
true of us, that we are to follow in the course
which other nations heretofore have pursued ;
that as in Greece, in Rome, in France, under
the cry of universal suffrage and universal lib-
erty and equality before the law, all liberty of
the citizen will go down; imperialism will be
established, and the general, the imperator,
which was but the name of the general in the
days of Rome, will become the actual sover-
eign. The forms of republican government may
remain ; but with power Centralized here the
tyranny of factious majorities, controlled by
secret caucus, will become so odious and de-
spised that the people will prefer the rule of a
Cromwell to the rule of Parliament, and will
sustain some successful chieftain as master of
the Government, like Cromwell, Napoleon, or
Csesar.
Mr. President, the support of the State gov-
ernments in all their rights as the most com-
petent administrations for our domestic con-
cerns and the surest bulwark against anti-
republican tendencies, and on the other hand
the preservation of the General Government
in its whole constitutional vigor as the sheet-
anchor of our peace at home and our safety
abroad, are the fundamental ideas upon which
our institutions rest, and by cherishing and
maintaining which these institutions alone can
survive.
• Mr. President, I wish now to call attention
to some two or three facts in the history of the
party now in power bearing upon this precise
question—the power of the States and the
rights of the States. The Republican party
was organized in 1854, growing out of the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. Congress,
in an evil hour, listened to the suggestion to
enter upon that most destructive measure
which, in my judgment., has been the cause of
much of that through which we have passed.
The Republican party organized at Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, in 1854, and in its address and
resolutions it expressly declared that—
"The maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States is essential to that, balance of power on which
the pei iection and endurance of our political fabric
depend.''
It admitted in the very hour of its birth
that I his balance of power between the two
ideas to which I have called attention not only
existed, but was essential to the perfection and
endurance of our system.
Again, when that party met in convention in
1856, when it first placed in nomination a can-
didate for the Presidency, it again pledged
itself "to support the Federal Constitution,
the rights of the States, and the Union of the
States."
The Republican convention at Chicago in
1860, which nominated Mr. Lincoln the first
time, in its platform repeated these memorable
words:
"The maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States is essential to that balance of poweron whieh
the perfection and endurance of our political fabric
depend."
The Union of the States by the Constitution
and the rights of the States under it was the
battle-cry of the Republican party under
which I helped fight its battles and win its
victories. The Republican party in its origin
and in all its national conventions, urtt.il 1868,
in thunder tones always proclaimed the equal
rights of the States and all the States in the
Union.
We come now to the convention of 1868.
Their convention at Chicago declared that
while, growing out of the war and its necessi-
ties, they will force universal negro suffrage
upon the States of the South, yet the question
of suffrage in the loyal States properly belongs
to them. The Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] says that means this, nothing more
and nothing less: the loyal States shall con-
trol suffrage until, by an amendment to the
Constitution, we can take it away. Sir, the
resolution declares no such thing. It declares
for a principle, a principle which was born
with the Government, a principle essential to
the life of the Government, namely, that loyal
States properly control the question of suf-
frage ; a principle which was present when
the_ Republican party was born; a principle
which was loudly proclaimed in every national
convention of that party, that the rights of the
States—and among them the right of a State
to control its suffrage and its elections—were
just as essential to be preserved as the rights
of the General Government. This declara-
tion, made in 1868, has no such narrow and
deceptive meaning as the Senator from Indi-
ana now gives to it, namely: the people of the
loyal States shall control suffrage for them-
selves until we, the Republican party, can
change the Constitution and take that power
away, and then force universal negro suffrage
upon" them against thei? will. The language
is clear and definite :
"The question of suffrage in all the loyal States
propei ly belongs to the people of those States."
Mr. President, what do the words mean?
Let us practically illustrate them. Take the
State of Connecticut, for instance. When this
platform was read in the State of Connecticut
did it mean, and was it intended to mean, that
the people of that State should have the power
to control their own suffrage and elections
until the people of Massachusetts, New Hamp-
shire, Vermont, and Rhode Island should vote
to take it away? Is that what it means ? Take
New York. When this platform was read all
over that State, declaring that it properly be-
longs to the people'for themselves, in the loyal
States, to fix the qualifications of suffrage, did
it mean that the people of that State should
properly exercise t.hat right until other States
thought proper to take it away? And so in
Ohio. Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, Delaware,
and Pennsylvania. Is it a fair construction of
that resolution that the States of Connecticut,
New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, Kentucky, and Delaware shall properly
control the question of suffrage until States
which have been reconstructed by military
power and forced to accept negro suffrage at
the point of the bayonet, joining with other
States, will have sufficient numbers to change
the Constitution of the United States and force
negro suffrage down the throats of States con-
taining fifteen millions of loyal people against
their will ? Is that what that resolution meant?
Who can with serious face say that it meant
that negro suffrage should be forced upon the
greatest and most populous States of the North,
and States whieh contain a majority of the
loyal people who put down the rebellion, by the
carpet-bag States, as they are sometimes called,
of the South? No, sir; it meant no such thing.
The people understood it to mean, and under-
stood you to say and to pledge yourselves to
them when you passed this resolution, that
while from war necessities you were forcing
negro suffrage upon the people of the South at
the point of the bayonet you left the question
to each loyal State for itself; you left the ques-
tion to the free determination of its own peo-
ple, whether or not negro suffrage should be
adopted.
There is one other thing which I beg leave to
mention. It is said—and because of the success
ij>of the party in power I suppose the country
will accept it as an accomplished fact—that
the fourteenth constitutional amendment is
adopted. Do you not remember, sir, that in
the reconstruction of all the States of the South
you forced upon those States that constitutional
amendment? At the South it was carried by
force of arms; in the North, pressed by party
necessity. That constitutional amendment ex-
pressly provides that this very question of suf-
frage shall be left to the people of the States,
each State acting independently for itself. Your
constitutional amendment is hardly cold ; it
has hardly been adopted, hardly proclaimed as
a part of the Constitution of the land; it is yet
as warm as the resolution which you made at
Chicago, in which you declared that the people
of the States of the North should for themselves
control the question of suffrage. Now, sir,
how does this thing appear? What a spectacle
do you present? The States of the South by
force of arms were brought to its adoption ;
the States of the North, by party necessity,
by a combination of the votes of these States
just reconstructed by arms, and the votes of
other States dominated by Radical partisan
