1328
im CONGRISSIOML. GrLQBE.
February 17,
EVENING SESSION.
abmy bill.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the House
met in Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Ferry
in the chair,) and, pursuant to order, resumed
the consideration of the bill of the House No.
1803, making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the fiscal year ending June
00, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon ah amendment moved by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Garfield. 1 The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] i3 entitled to the floor.
enrolled .bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled a
bill of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same, namely:
An act (S. No. 667) to enable the Holly,
Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company, in the
State of Michigan, to have the subscription to
its capital stoclc duly stamped.
ARMY BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
Army bill, Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts,
being entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER addressed the committee.
[See Appendix.}
Mr. Boyer obtained the floor,
Mr. PILE. . Will the gentleman yield to me
for one moment ?
Mr. BOYER. For what purpose ?
Mr. PILE. In view of the number of gen-
tlemen who want to be heard upon this bill, I
desire to ask unanimous consent of the Com-
mittee of the Whole that from this time for-
ward speeches shall be limited to thirty minutes
each.
Mr. BOYER. I am willing to yield for that
purpose.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. KLDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to occupy much of the time of the com-
mittee in the discussion of the measures now
pending. But I feci an interest in this subject
an a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs, as a citizen, and as a tax-payer. I
well know that if there be any one thing in
which the people of this country demand re-
trenchment and oconnmy more than in any
other it is in the enormous expeuditm'oaof the
War Department, and they demand that they
shall be immediately reduced.
Before I proceed further I desire in this
place to correct an error into which my friend
ii'om Maine [Mr. Blaise] allowed himself to
fall the other day when lie undertook to state
that the actual eost of the Army during the ad-
ministration of President Buchanan amounted
to $22,000,000 a year. Now, the official rec-
ords will show that instead of $22,000,000 a
year the average expenditures for the support
of tho Army proper during the administration
of President Buchanan was but $1-1,864,958 -14.
For the year 1857 they were a little over
$12,000,000; for 1853, about $17,500,000; for
1859, about $10,500,000; and for 1800 about
$13,000,000. The gentleman doubtless con-
founded other expenditures with the expend-
itures on account of the Army, which in those
days were set down under the head of the War
Department, and included large expenditures
for very different purposes ; such, for exam-
ple, as the extension of the Capitol, the work
upon the Dome of the Capitol, the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, and other matters
which now are set down under the head of
miscellaneous expenditures, and come mostly
within the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the
Interior. If you_add to the Army expend-
itures of the administration of Mr. Buchanan
the premium on gold so as to bring them to
the standard of our present depreciated cur-
rency they will still average only about twenty
million dollars a year. At the end of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1868, it appears from the
official statements that the expenditures for
the support of the War Department amounted
to the enormous sum of $123,246,648 62 for
that year alone. It appears from the last offi-
cial report of the Secretary of War that dur-
ing that year the actual current expenses of
the War Department for the support of the
Army, exclusive of all bounties and of all war
debts, was $68,743,094 71.
In order that we may realize precisely the
manner in which this expenditure was made,
it may be well for us to turn for a "moment to
the detailed statements of the Secretary of the
Treasury. We find there that the aggregate
sum is made up of the expenditures ofthe pay
department of the Army, the commissary de-
partment, the quartermaster's department, the
ordnance department, the engineer's depart-
ment, the inspector general's department, the
Adjutant General's department, and for the
office of the Secretary of War, under the head
of Army expenditures. There are no other
heads of expenditure, except a comparatively
small item of some $400,000 under the head
of "relief and miscellaneous." The expend-
itures of these departments thus enumerated
make up the grand aggregate I have mentioned
of $123,246,648 62.
It has been said that a large amount of that
money was paid on account of bounties. That
is very true; and I took the pains to ascertain
from the office of the Paymaster General of
the Army the exact amount of the boun-
ties paid out during that year, which was
$40,224,899 51, leaving $83,021,749 11, which
must be set down us the expenditures iucurred
in the support of the War Department of our
Government alone, exclusive of pensions, ex-
clusive of bounties and Indian affairs. We
arc threatened by the official estimates with an
expenditure of very nearly one hundred mil-
lion dollars for tho support of our war estab-
lishment for the current year ending June 30,
1809. Yet it is said that the numerical force
of the Army has been greatly reduced. Let
us see what the strength of our Army is.
From the last Array Register, which 1 hold in
my hand, it appears that under the existing
laws our Army maybe increased in tho aggre-
gate to 80,882 men ; bat by reason of the regi-
ments not being filled up to their full comple-
ment it is here set down at 52,922 rank and
file, being reduced nearly to the minimum.
But that is not the whole Army for which the
tax-payers of this country are obliged to pay.
Perhaps comparatively few individuals, either
in Congress or out of it, are aware that the
War Department employs a vast army of
civilians. In the quartermaster's department
alone there aie employed 10,494 civilians,
under a monthly pay of $468,713 92, amount-
ing annually to the sum of $5,624,567 04.
Startling as this may appear I cannot be mis-
taken in my figures, for they were furnished
to the Military Committee of this House over
the signature of tho Quartermaster General
himself. Why, sir, there are 2,947 teamsters
who are not enlisted men; there are 2,988
laborers, 540 clerks, 967 carpenters, 380 ma-
sons, 07 plasterers, 92 painters, 77 saddlers,
124 wheelwrights, 48 boatmen, 154 hostlers,
42 cooks, 94 firemen, 62 guides, 36 interpret-
ers, with agents, overseers, &e., too numerous
to mention, all of whom are civilians and paid
as civilians, not as soldiers.
The immediate reduction of this vast, and to
an enormous extent useless, expenditure is
demanded by the people of this country. This
is a time of peace and not a time of war. Why
has not this reduction been made heretofore?
Why have the people been amused by plans
and talk in Congress about the reduction of
the Army, while no practical steps have been
taken to effcet that end? The reason was
echoed in the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] made this evening,
in which he deprecated the too early reduction
of the Army, and held up before us the neces-
sity that.might exist for its continuance in its
present proportions. He pointed us to the
South, and reminded us of the necessity of hav-
ingalarge Army'in order that peace might there
be kept. Ay, sir, it is the reconstruction policy .
of Congress which has necessitated the con-
tinuance of this vast Army at this enormous cost
to the nation. We have an Indian war on the
plains ; but our Army is not there defending
the frontier. The greater portion is on? garri-
son duty in the southern States, acting as a
body-guard for the bastard governments set
up there under the so-called " reconstruction
policy" of Congress. Yet it is more than four
years since the last rebel shot was fired. Ever
since that time the people of the South have
been quiet, obedient to the laws, and even ab-
jectly submissive to every measure that Con-
gress has seen fit to impose upon them. But
it seems to be thought that there may be a limit
to the voluntary submission of a brave people,
and therefore it is never safe for a despotic
Government to disband its armies. A party that
seeks to revolutionize the Government by con-
tinued acts of usurpation must be armed to meet
a counterrevolution. So long as States are ex-
cluded from representation here ; so long as the
electoral votes of States are counted or not ac-
cording as they may or may not affect the result,
so long may we expect that a reduction of the
Army will be postponed. Those who looked
down from the galleries the other day upon the
scene of wild disorder and'discord which pre-
vailed in this Hall upon the occasion of counting
thevotesforPresident and VicePresident might
well have supposed that a new rebellion was
about to burst upon us. True, it turned out
to be only a disgraceful squabble. But . what
if the vote of Georgia had been.in itself suffi-
cient to turn the scale? I forbear to follow out
the train of thought suggested by this inquiry.
But I repeat that a party which seeks to per-
petuate its power and to revolutionize the Gov-
ernment by acts of legislative usurpation can-
not afford to reduce the Army to an economical
peace establishment.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do I understand my col-
league on the committee to say that the Repub-
lican party, so far as represented by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, are not willing to
reduce the Army?
Mr. BOYER. I do not designate what mem-
bers of the Republican party, whether of the
Military Committee or not, have not, in my
opinion, a serious intention of aiding in the
passage of any measure for the reduction of
the Army. I have "spoken of the party as a
party ; but I will say, for the satisfaction of my
friend, the chairman of the committee, that
I had not him in my mind at all when I said
that there was not a serious intention to pass
a measure of this kind through Congress. I
have no reason to think that he is not in favor
of an immediate reduction of the Army.
Mr. ROSS. I will state that when I proposed
to reduce the number to thirty thousand men
it was voted down, and the gentleman from
Ohio himself voted against it on the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BOYER. I do say, however, Mr. Chair-
man, that the reconstruction policy which has
been pursued by the party to which the gentle-
man belongs has for the last four years robbed
the people of the legitimate fruits of peace. I
do say that that policy has been invented and
enforced for the purpose of perpetuating the
policy and power of the Republican party, if
that were not the case there would be no occa-
sion for garrisons in the southern States. At
the South the natural order of things has been
reversed. The social pyramid has been in-
verted. It has been made to stand on its apex,
and is held in that unnatural position by the
points of surrounding bayonets. Every oue
feels that the condition of society which exists
at the South cannot endure, and no man can
tell how suddenly or how violently pent up
nature will reassert its sway. There is much
yet to be accomplished by coercive reconstruc-
tion, too much to admit of any- serious reduc-
