;B76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
between the several States. And certainly the
incident seems to afford but little aid in the
construction of the general power to regulate
commerce conferred by the Constitution. We
are told, too, that the, construction of this
canal will involve injustice to the State of New
.York, by impairing the value of her Erie and
Oswego canals, constructed at such great ex-
pense for our benefit. But our answer to that
is, that we have already paid her in tolls on
these canals millions of dollars more than she
has expended in their construction, repairs, and
operation. The report of the canal commit-
tee, to which I have already referred, contains
these words:
" The canals we propose to have improved (includ-
in g tho Erie and Oswego) are creditors to the amount
oi over thirty-eight million dollars."
And yet in 1866 New York received as tolls
$4,436,689, most of which was paid by the
West. Senator Harris, of New York, in the
debate on the Niagara ship-canal bill, in July,
1866, stated that the State of New York had
expended on her canals, in construction, re-
pairs, enlargement, superintendence, and in-
terest, $166,000,000, and had not received back
in all over $90,000,000. But Senator Howe,
of Wisconsin, promptly read from the report
of the New York canal board, made March
12, 1866, the following statement:
" Ho direct taxation upon the people on acoount
of the canal renmins to-day unpaid; bnt on the con-
trary the treasury of the State has been reimbursed
principal and interest in fall, and has now in its cof-
fers nearly one million dollars from the canal reve-
nue in advance of any taxation for canal purposes,
ihe Erie canal account shows the gratifying result
of a credit of ovor nine millions above all cost to the
State."
Furthermore, the auditor of New York re-
ports to the late constitutional convention that
the entire cost of all the canals and feeders,
both productive and unproductive, and of main-
tenance and repairs, with interest at seven per
cent., amounts to $210,093,50-2 25, and the en-
tire income, with interest, to $202,619,510 08,
leaving the canals debtors to the State in the
sum of $7,473,992 27. But the Champlain,
Erie, Oswego, and Cayuga and Seneca canals,
which alone carry western freights, are cred-
itors to the State to an amount exceeding, as I
have stated, thirty-eight million dollars. For
that enterprise which gave tojhis region the
inestimable benefits of the Erie canal our debt
of gratitude to New York is indeed very great.
Our debt in money was long ago all paid, and
vastly overpaid. She now enjoys an annual
revenue of $3,000,000 from canals, the cost of
which we have long since paid. But I shall
presently show you that New York herself has
an infinitely greater interest in the construction
of this ship-canal than any other single State.
I shall show you that it will enable her, if she
is wise, to perpetuate her preeminence as the
Empire State and that of her great city as the
emporium of American commerce.
iumy judgment, this ship-canal ought to have
a depth of fourteen feet, and to admit the pas-
Si*ess®'s °f fifteen hundred tons burden.
1 he Welland canal has only a depth of nine to
ten feet and is insufficient for vessels of over
four hundred tons burden.
How shall it be constructed? Can the North-
west, can the nation, afford to have this highway
subject to the control of any single State V Can
we permit any one State to fix and regulate the
tolls, to discriminate directly or indirectly in
favor of her own citizens at the expense of
other States, to fill her own treasuries with the
wealth of contributions levied upon the indus-
try of the Northwest? Can we intrust such
powers to the still more dangerous hands of a
private corporation, whether created by State
or Federal law? In my judgment this would
be suicidal folly. 1 think the canal should be
subject to no tolls, unless possibly enough to
deli-ay the cost of its operation and repairs I
think it should be the work of the General
Government. How shall the General Gov-
ernment construct it? Two plans are proposed.
The first is to delegate the powers of the Gov-
ernment in the premises to a private corpora-
tion created by the laws of some State; the
other is to construct it by using the engineer's
and quartermaster's departments of the Army.
The first was the plan of the bill which passed
the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. The second is the plan of
the bill now pending. Each has its advantages.
Without stopping now to discuss them I will
.say that nay mind strongly inclines to the plan
of this bill, and I earnestly hope it may become
a law. The cost of this work ought to be no
fatal obstacle to its execution. Its friends ask
for $12,000,000. The corn crop of Illinois in
1865 was 177,095,853 bushels. The Erie canal
tolls on that crop alone at the rate then lev-
ied, cents per bushel, would have been
$8,553,730 69. more than two thirds of the
amount required to build the canal in one
year.
The next improvement to be made after the
Niagara ship-canal is a ship canal of fourteen
feet depth from Oswego to the navigable waters
of the Hudson, to bo constructed by the en-
largement of the present canal. In my judg-
ment this canal, too, should be subject to no
tolls except such as shall be necessary for its
maintenance and operation. In my judgment
this, too, should be a national work. It seems
to me utterly impossible to overestimate its
value to the Republic. But I confess that the
State of New York has an advantage here which,
wisely used, will inevitably perpetuate her com-
m ercial supremacy and that of her great metrop-
olis. She already has a canal seven feet deep
from Oswego to the Hudson, with a cut-off of
smaller dimensions by the way of Oneida river,
lakes, and creek. If she shall promptly and
adequately enlarge this she will occupy the
whole ground, and make the Northwestern
States her tributaries for many generations.
But if she will not act promptly in this, let her
surrender her canal from the Oswego to the
Hudson river, for which we have already so
largely overpaid her, to the United States, to
be transformed at the cost of the nation into
a great national highway, open to the com-
merce of all the States, subject to the control
of none. While New York would thus lose
three millions of tolls she would gain unspeak-
ably more in the advantages of her improved
and assured position as the Empire State of
the Republic.
The completion of a ship-canal around the
Falls of Niagara, and of another from Oswego
to the Hudson, and the employment of steam-
tugs upon those canals, will enable the wheat
ships of Lake Michigan to reach the Atlantic
without touching foreign territory. And if the
experiments now in progress shall result in the
utilization of petroleum for fuel, so as to enable
us to shake off the heavy burden of coal which
now so hampers ocean steamers on long voy-
ages, there will be nothing to prevent Ameri-
can propellers, laden with wheat in Lake Michi-
gan, from discharging their cargoes in Liverpool
without ever touching anything foreign except
the Liverpool docks.
There are certain other improvements that
will at some future time demand the attention
of the people of the United States if not of the
Government. They are the improvement of
the St. Lawrence from Lake Ontario to Mon-
treal ; the construction of a ship-canal from the
St. Lawrence to Lake Champlain; the enlarge-
ment of the canal from Lake Champlain to the
Hudson ; the opening of a water route from
Lake Huron to the Hudson, by way of the
French and Ottawa rivers in Canada, and
another from the Georgian bay to Lake Onta-
rio. But we shall find it convenient to defer
all or most of these until the American flag
floats over the Dominion of Canada."
There is another improvement auxiliary to
all these demanded as well by the interests of
the Northwest as by the interests of the whole
Republic. It is steam navigation from the
waters of the valley of the St. Lawrence to
those of the valley of the Mississippi. The
recent surveys of Generals Wilson and Warren
show that the Rock river and Fox river routes
are practicable, as well as that of the Illinois
and Michigan caaal. Tiese works will be pre-
eminently national works. They are required
for military and naval as well as commercial
uses. One or more of them ought to be con-
structed by the Federal Government, so that
the nation may use them, paying tribute to no
States. But if the Federal Government shall
neglect these works the States of Illinois and
Wisconsin ought not to throw away this golden
opportunity. I trust that very many here pres-
ent will see the day when steamers will pass
from Lake Michigan to New Orleans. When
that day shall come, and the way to the Atlantic
and the Gulf shall have been cleared, figures
will indeed be inadequate to measure the rapid-
ity of your growth. Every dime expended by
the nation upon these great works will return
to it a dollar in your developed ability to meet
the burdens of the national debt, in better prices
for the farmers of the West, and in cheaper food
for the manufacturers of the East. And above
all, better than all, every expenditure so made
by the Federal Government will come back
again, freighted with priceless blessings for a
consolidated and perpetuated Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire,
before the House adjourns, to have some un-
derstanding in regard to the time which it is
proposed this debate shall run.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
to-morrow being private bill day this bill will
come up after the morning hour, unless the
House shall set aside private business during
the morning hour. By the rules, on private bill
day the morning hour cannot be dispensed with
except by a majority of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope that after the morn-
ing hour to-morrow the rest of the day will be
devoted to speeches in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen desire
to speak in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on general topics.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
proceeding to address the House, if I address
it at all—and I do not wish to do so this even-
ing—I would like to come to some understand-
ing when the debate shall be closed on this bill.
I would ask my colleague, [Mr. Judd,] who I
understand desires to speak, if he would like
to proceed this evening?
Mr. J UDD. I should prefer not to proceed
this evening, and I hope there will be no spe-
cial time fixed for closing this debate. There
are several gentlemen who desire to be heard
upon the bill, and it is a measure of sufficient
public importance to be fairly discussed in the
House. I think this is really "public busi-
ness;" I may be mistaken, but I think so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed of
eight gentlemen who desire to speak upon this
subject in addition to those who have already
spoken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, Mr.
Speaker, so far as the public business is con-
cerned, so far as the appropriation bills are
concerned, it is row the middle of January
and the House has only passed three of them ;
the longest bills, and those that will take up
most time, are yet behind, and have not gone
to the Senate. It is a matter of the first
importance that we should act upon those bills
so that the Senate may have them, because
they have to be passed before the 4th of March.
I hope it will be understood that the debate
on this bill shall close at three o'clock to-
morrow. That will afford my colleague and
other gentlemen an opportunity to be heard.
Mr.^ MAYNARD. Cannot those bills go
over till the next Congress?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Which
bills ?
Mr. MAYNARD. The appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not very
well. ' 3
Mr. MAYNARD. Why not?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Because
I presume there will not be much business done
at the next session of Congress ; I hope not, at
any rate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Yak Hobs,]
