1§69'-3 APPENDIX TO CONGRISSIONAL tfLOBfi.
155
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
majorities. You propose to undo the work
just completed in the adoption of a constitu
tional amendment, expressly leaving the ques-
tion of suffrage to the action of each State for
itself and to all the States in the Union, and
in violation of the pledge of your platform to
force upon the ioyal States, whose constitutions
forbid it, universal suffrage.against their -will,
as you have lately forced it upon the States of
the South at the point of the bayonet. Sir, it
is against good faith ; it is against the spirit
which made the Constitution, and which alone
can preserve it.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment.
REMARKS -OP HON. H. WILSON,
of massachusetts,
Ik the Senate op the United States,
February 8, 1869.
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States—
Mr. WILSON said:
Mr. President: It will be fourteen years
to-morrow since I stood at the Vice Presi-
dent's desk, took the oath, and entered upon
the duties of a Senator of the United States.
These fourteen years have been crowded and
eventful years. Ideas, principles, and poli-
cies have grappled and contended for the
mastery. The Senate has been divided into
two distinctly defined classes of public men.
The one class has been the persistent friends
of a liberal, progressive, and Christian civil-
ization ; the .other class has been the sturdy
champions of a brutal, degrading, and perish-
ing barbarism. By speeches and votes, by
acts and declared opinions these two classes
of statesmen have made enduring records, by
which the present age and the coming ages
will interpret their motives, weigh their judg-
ments, and pronounce irreversible verdicts
upon their public characters.
You and I, Mr. President, have witnessed
this struggle. We have listened to the words
of Senators who during these crowded years
have contended in this Chamber forthe triumph
of their ideas, principles, and policies. You
and I, sir, have seen the friends of the country
and of the rights of man give votes and heard
t-hem utter words that have been applauded by
earth and blest of Heaven. Misapprehended,
misrepresented, anid maligned, we have seen
them move right on from conflict to conflict,
from victory to victory, till they have won tri-
umph for the country, for popular liberty, for
human elevation and development, the memory
of which their children and their children's
children will proudly cherish. In the ages yet
to be the record of their achievements, traced
upon the historic page, will be read by the
champions of popular liberty with beaming eye
and bounding pulse. The misconceptions, born
of interests, passions, and prejudices will per-
ish in the lights of the future; and these men,
who have been faithful to country and true to
liberty, will take their places in men's memo-
ries beside the faithful and true of other ages
and other lands. While history shall record,
in letters of light, for the study and admiration
of aftertimes the words and deeds of patriot-
ism, liberty, and humanity of the men who
have never wavered in their fidelity in the stern
trials through which their country has passed
and is passing, it will be fortunate for their
opponents and assailants, iu this Chamber and
out of it, if their posterity—those who bear
their names and inherit their blood—shall be
as silent as are the descendants of the men who
opposed the Declaration of Independence and
reviled the heroes of our revolutionary age.
If the wild utterances and guilty deeds of the
champions of slavery and whatever pertains to
it shall live in the records of these times, if
their words and acts shall be remembered at
all, their children and their children's children
may seek to hide the shame of such an ancestry.
Men-who, in the lights of this age in America
that flash upon us from battle-fields and patri-
ot's graves, continue to champion the lost causes
of slavery, caste, and human inequality are cer-
tain, while living or when dead, to meet the
doom of men who in other ages and in other
lands have disowned, scoffed, and reviled the
sublime creed of human equality and brother-
hood.
Sir, it is now past six o'clock in the morn-
ing—a continuous sessiort of more than eighteen
hours. For more than seventeen hours the ear
of the Senate has been wearied and pained
with anti-republican, inhuman, and unchristian
utterances, with the oft-repeated warnings,
prophecies, and predictions, with petty tech-
nicalities, and carping criticisms. The major-
ity in this Chamber, in the House, and in the
country, too, have been arraigned, assailed, and
denounced, their ideas, principles, and policies
misrepresented, and their motives questioned.
Sir, will our assailants never forget anything
nor learn anything? Will they never see them-
selves as others see them? Year after year
they have continuously and vehemently, as
grand historic questions touching the interests
of the country and the rights of our country-
men have arisen to be grappled with and solved,
blurted into our unwilling ears these same
warnings, prophecies, and predictions, their
unreasoning prejudices and passionate decla-
mations. Time and events, whichtestallthings,
have brought discomfiture to their cause and
made their illogical and ambitious rhetoric
seem to be but weak and impotent drivel.
In spite of the discomfitures of the past, the
champions of slavery and of the ideas, princi-
ples, and policies pertaining to it are again
doing battle for their perishing cause. Again,
sir, we are arraigned, again misrepresented,
again denounced. Why are we again thus mis-
represented, arraigned, and denounced? We,
the friends of human rights, simply propose to
submit to our countrymen an amendment of
the Constitution of our country to secure the
priceless boon of suffrage to citizens of the
United States to whom the right to vote and
be voted for is denied by the constitutions and
laws of some of the States. This effort to re-
move the disabilities of the emancipated victims
of the perished slave systems, to clothe them
with power to maintain the dignity of manhood
and the honor and rights of citizenship, spring
from our love of freedom, our sense of justice,
our reverence for human nature, and our rec-
ognition of the fatherhood of God and the
brotherhood of man. This effort, sanctified
by patriotism, liberty, justice, and humanity,
is stigmatized in this Chamber as a mere par-
tisan movement. Who make it a partisan move-
ment ? The men who are actuated by an imper-
ative sense of duty, or the men who instinctively
seize the occasion to arouse the unreasoning
passions of race and caste and the prejudices
of ignorance and hate? We are content to leave
to our country, to the present age, and to future
ages, the question of partisanship raised by the
opponents of this beneficent measure. This is
not the first time that those who denounce this
amendment as partisan have stigmatized great,
patriotic, and healing measures as partisan.
Did they not denounce the great measures for
the suppression of the rebellion as partisan
measures? Did they not denounce the im-
mortal proclamation of emancipation as a par-
tisan proclamation? Did they not denounce
the thirteenth article of the amendments of the
Constitution, by which slavery was made im-.
possible in Christian America, as a partisan
amendment? Did they not denounce the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution, by which the eitizenship and the civil
rights of the emancipated race were forever j
assured, as a mere partisan affair ? Yes, sir ; j
every blow we have struck in defense of the ■
Constitution and the Union, of the liberties of ,
the people, the rights, privileges, and elevation
of the poor and lowly, have been branded as
partisan by passionate, vehement, and unrea-
soning partisanship.
Mr. HOWARD. So was the Constitution
itself.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, the Constitution,
when it came from the hands of its illustrious
framers, was denounced by a narrow, con-
tracted, mole-eyed spirit of sectionalism, local
attachment and feeling, as centralization, by
which the rights of the States were to be
absorbed and the liberties of the people de-
stroyed. So, in our age, the thirteenth article
for emancipation, by which the fetters of slavery
were riven; the fourteenth article, by which
the emancipated bondmen were made citizens
and clothed with civil rights, and this pro-
posed amendment, denying to States the power
to withhold suffrage on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, have been,
and are denounced as at war with the funda-
mental law of the land, the reserved rights of
the States, and the liberties of the citizen.
It is, indeed, painful to listen, as we have
listened during this sitting of the Senate, to
the utterance of sentiments so inhuman and
unchristian, sentiments so dishonoring to
human nature. Sir, we have just been told
by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Nob-
ton,] who was once with us, but never of us,
that the negro, no matter what may be his
wealth, his intelligence, or his personal char-
acter, is doomed to be excluded from the
society of the fashionable and respectable.
The hod-carrier, he tells us, may hope to amass
wealth, to ride in his carriage, to be received
into "fashionable society, to dine others and
be dined himself. He can hope, too, be tells
us, that his children may be cultured and re-
fined ; but the black man is without hope for
himself and his children. Fashionable soci-
ety, carriages, and dinners! Surely these are
mighty themes for the consideration of Amer-
can statesmen. Because frivolity and fashion
put their ban upoi the black man, be his char-
acter ever so putt or his intelligence ever so-
great, statesmen in this Christian land of
republican institutions must deny to him civil
and political rights and privileges. Because
social life has put and continues to put its
brand of exclusion upon the black man, it is
therefore the duty of statesmanship to main-
tain by class legislation the abhorrent doctrine
of caste in this Christian Republic. This is
the argument, the logic, the position of Sena-
tors. This argument, this logic, this position
insults reason, outrages humanity, and dis-
honors the civilization of the age. Sir, it is
your duty and my duty, and the duty of any
Senator of the United States, to enforce and
maintain the liberties, rights, and privileges of
every citizen of the United States. The poorer
he is the greater is our obligation; the more
society averts its face from him, the more God
bids us to stand by, shield and protect him.
Sir, I am grateful to know that during these four-
teen years you and I have given no votes and
uttered no words in this Chamber to degrade
or dishonor our brother man. We havegiven
no votes here we would recall; many of the
friends around us have given no votes and made
no speeches they would recall. However much
we may be stained or scarred by sins we hope
to go to our final account without the fear of
finding recorded against us the crime of having
betrayed the cause of the weak, the poor, or
the lowly. Whatever may be our failing, our
sins of omission or commission, we hope that
the oppressed and smitten children with skins
not colored like our own will not, before the
bar of Almighty God. arraign or reproach us.
To the Senator who tells ns society is forever
closed against the black man, and therefore
the ballot-box should be, 1 say that I know
black men of culture and character who are
received into society that it would be an honor
for him to enter. I know gentlemen and ladiea
