378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
between New York and one or moie European
ports." The memorialists set forth at length
arguments on this subject, going to show that
the passage of this resolution will inflict an
injury upon commerce and upon the public
interests. I move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of Agnes Ellen Itleiss, piaying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Daniel
Cole, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition
of Mon-go-se-(juah and sixty other Miami
Indians of Indiana, praying to be established
in their rights under certain treaties made June
5, 1854; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD. I present a petition of
numerous persons, the most of whom are
Indians or of Indian descent, resident in the
State of Michigan, belonging heretofore to the
Ottawa and Chippewa tribes, alleging that their
affairs have fallen into confusion as connected
with the Government, and that great injustice
has been done them by the officers of the
United States who have had the management
of their affairs, and asking that a full and
thorough investigation may be made of the
relations between them and the United States
in reference to their reserves and other prop-
erty. I move that this petition be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was .agreed to.
Mr. POMEilOY presented three petitions
of citizens of the United States, praying that
the right of suffrage be extended to women;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udieiary.
Mr. POHEROY. I also present a petition
from ladies in West Royalton, Massachusetts,
reading as follows :
"Wo, the undersigned, want the right of suffrage."
I move that it be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Dempsey Nash, praying a removal of the civil
disabilities imposed on lii'm by acts of Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Wil-
liam A. Wheeler praying to be reimbursed the
amount of his losses on several contracts made
with the Navy Department during the years
18G8 to 18GG; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
William Pitt Putnam and David Putnam,
praying to be relieved as sureties on a bond to
Isaac N. Cook, additional paymaster United
States Army ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CATTELL presented the petition of
captains and owners of vessels, citizens of
different States, representing that States, cities,
and sea-port towns have passed laws exacting
harbor tonnage tax, pilot, license, and halt'
pilotage laws, &c., contrary to the laws of
Congress regulating commcrce, and praying
the intervention of Congress to protect all
engaged in navigation from illegal exactions ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND KEFKRKED.
On motion by Mr. WHYTE, ifc was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John
liobb betaken from the files of the Senate and re-
ferred to th© Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. PATTERSON, of Ten-
nessee, it was
Ordered. That the memorial and papers of Susan
Coody and others bo taken from t.ho files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Indian Affaire.
Mr. TIIAYER. I presented a memorial the
other day praying for relief in the case of
Chauuey A. Horr, and had it referred to the
Committee on Claims. It should hare gone to
the Committee on Indian Affairs. I move now
that the memorial and accompanying papers
be taken from the Committee on Claims and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 404) providing for the
disposition of certain papers relating to mili-
tary claims accruing in the department of the
West, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, frotn the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 079) to amend an act granting lands
to the State of Oregon to aid in the construc-
tion of a military road from Eugene City to the
eastern boundary of said State, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of the United States, praying the
passage of an act authorizing the Postmaster
General to contract with the National Steam-
ship Company for the conveyance of the mails
between New York and Europe, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 907) to provide for the sale of cer-
tain lands and lots on Sea Island in Beaufort
district, South Carolina, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the memorial of
Mahlon Loomis, M. D., praying an appropria-
tion to enable him to demonstrate his discovery
of telegraphing, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorials of the Lake Shore
Grape Growers' Association, praying the enact-
ment of a law to grant letters-patent on new
horticultural varieties, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Alpheus C. Galla-
hue, praying an extension of his patent for an
improvement in machines for pegging boots
and shoes, reported a bill (S. No. 781) for
the relief of Alpheus C. Gallahue; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1558) to amend an act entitled "An
act to prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence
in case of contested elections," approved
February 19, 1851, reported it with an amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. li. No. 5G8) Explan-
atory of the act entitled "An act declaring the.
title to land warrants in certain cases," re-
ported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint
resolutions, reported adversely thereon:
A bill (S. No. 234) to authorize the removal
of causes in certain cases from the district
courts to the circuit courts of the United States ';
A bill (S. No. 245) to fix the terms of the
circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Oregon, and increase
the salary of the judge thereof;
A bill (S. No. 254) to change the terms of
the district court of the United States for the
district of Maine;
A bill (S. No. 294) to regulate procedure in
cases of impeachment, and to enforce the
orders and judgments of the Senate in such
cases, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 87) to further define the qual-
ifications of members of Congress;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 158) to extend
the act establishing the Court of Claims to the
claims arising under the act of the 2d of March,
1861, providing for the payment of the ex-
penses of the Washington and Oregon war of
1855 and 185G ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 167) in rela-
tion to the prosecution of claims before the
Executive Departments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 133) proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, declaring
that no person elected President or Vice Pres-
ident who has once served as President shall
ever be eligible to either office, have instructed
me to report it back to the Senate with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass. I would
state that the same committee at a former Con-
gress reported in favor of that resolution, and
that I am in favor of it now; but a majority
of the committee are adverse at this time to
the resolution, and I report it under the in-
structions of the committee adversely.
The same committee, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 86) declaring the
adoption of the amendment to the Constitu-
tion known as article fourteen, have directed
me to report it back, with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, the two
Houses of Congress having already passed a
concurrent resolution to the same effect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In order
to relieve the Calendar from these adverse re-
ports, if there be no objection the bills reported
adversely will be considered as indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. There are some that I should
like to look into. I am not sure about all of
them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to have the bill
providing for additional terms of the district
court in the Stale of Oregon, and for raising
the salary of the district judge excepted. I
desire to take the sense of the Senate on that
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The re-
ports can only be considered at this time by
unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps they had better
go on the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. They had better go on
the Calendar, and some day they can- all bo
called up.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint reso-
lutions, reported adversely thereon :
A bill (S. No. Ill) to regulate the elective
franchise in the United States;
A bill (S. No. 124) to enforce the several
provisions of the Constitution abolishing sla-
very, declaring the immunities of citizens, and
guarantying a republican form of government
by securing the elective franchise to colored
citizens;
>■ A bill (S. No. 650) to enforce the several
provisions of the Constitution abolishing sla-
very, declaring the immunities of citizens, and
guarantying a republican form of government
by securing the elective franchise to citizens
deprived of it by reason of race, color, or pre-
vious condition;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 59) submitting
to the Legislatures of the several States a prop-
osition to amend the Constitution of the United
States; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 179) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions and reso-
lutions, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration:
A petition of General James S. Brisbin and
thirty thousand colored men, praying for negro
suffrage in the State of Kentucky ;
A petition of officers of the Pennsylvania
