IU
AWINDIX TO THE ©ONG01SSION AL GHLOBE.
[February 9j
Ho. of Reps.
Railmiidfrom Washington.to New York—-Mr, MEler.
40IH CONG....3D SESS,
of culture and refinement—gentlemen- and
ladies who have been received into the most
cultivated circles of Europe and America, and
who honor that society quite as mueh as they
are honored' by it, whose houses are open to
that noble specimen of physical, intellectual,
and moral power, Frederick Douglas, a gen-
tleman who is every inch a man. I assure the
Senator from Minnesota that I
"Enter on my list of friends"
Frederick Douglas, and feel honored by his
friendship. The cordial reception given by the
Vice President-elect and his bride at one of
their receptions, so thronged by noble men and
wfcmen, was honorable alike to Mr. Colfax
and tbe great Republican party that made him
Vice President. As I witnessed that manly
greeting I felt it was but the dawn of a better
era, when intellectual and moral excellence
would conquer the prejudices of class and
caste.
Honorable Senators have grown weary in
reminding us that it would be a breach of our
plighted faith to submit to the State Legisla-
tures this amendment to the Constitution to
secure to American citizens the right to vote
and to be voted for. They tell us we were
pledged by our national convention of 1868;
that we were committed to the doctrine that
the right to regelate the suffrage properly
belonged to the loyal States. So the earlier
Republican national conventions proclaimed
that slavery in the States was a local institu-
tion, for which the people of each State only
were responsible. But that declaration did
not stand in tie way of the proclamation of
emancipation, did not stand in the way of the
thirteenth article of the amendments of the Con-
stitution, did not stand in the way of thatseries
of aggressive measures by which slavery was
extirpated in the States. Slavery struck at the
life of the nation, and the Republican party
throttled its mortal foe. The Republican party
in the national convention of 1868 pronounced
the guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage
of all loyal men at the South as demanded by
every consideration of public safety, gratitude,
and of justice, and determined that it should
be maintained. That declaration unreservedly
committed the Republican party to the safety
and justice of equal suffrage. The declaration
that the suffrage in the loyal States properly
belonged to the people of those States meant
this, no more, no less: that under the Consti-
tution it belonged to the people of each of the
loyal States to regulate suffrage therein. I am
told that that portion of the resolution was
carried by one majority in the committee on
resolutions. That construction of the Con-
stitution was not concurred in by great masses
of the Republican party; but no one has a right
to say that it committed Congress against sub-
mitting to the State Legislatures an equal suf-
frage amendment. Congress is certainly free
to submit the amendment, and the State Le-
gislatures are certainly free to adopt such an
amendment. The Republican party by its acts
and declared opinions is fully committed to the
doctrine of the equality of rights and privileges
of the citizens of the United States; and its
consistency demands that it shall seize every
opportune occasion to make the Constitution
and laws of the country in harmony with its
Sjiblime creed. The march of events, the
needs pf the country, clear conception of public
duty, all impel to action. Better far that po-
litical organizations and public men should be
right with the lights of to-day than consistent
with the errors of yesterday.
Senators accuse us of being actuated by par-
tisanship, by the love of power, and tjie hope
ef retaining power; yet tney never tire of re-
minding us that the people have in several
States pronounced against equal suffrage and
Will do so again. I took occasion early in the
debate to express the opinion that in the series
of measures for the extirpation of slavery and
the elevation and enfranchisement of the'Mack
race the Republican party had lost at least a
quarter of a million of voters. In every great
battle of the last eight years the timid, the
weak faltered, fell back or slunk away. into
the ranks of the enemy. Yes, sir; while we
have been struggling often against fearful odds,
timed men,, weak men, and bad men, too, fol-
lowing the examples of timid men, weak men,
and bad men, in all the great struggles for the
rights of human nature, have broken from our
advancing ranks and fallen back to the rear
or gone over to the enemy, thus giving to the
foe the strength they had pledged to us. But
we have gone on prospering, and we shall go
on prospering in spite of treacheries on the
right hand and on thg left. The timid may
chide us, the weak reproach as, and the bad
malign us, but we shall strive on, for in strug-
gling to secure and protect the rights of others
we assure our own.
To the enemies of equal rights, whether they
be its life-long foes or recruits from our ranks,
I say your shafts now, as in the past, may an-
noy us, but they cannot penetrate the panoply
with which our chosen and avowed policy in-
vests us. The country knows and the world
knows your history and our history, where you
now are and where we are, what you are and
what we are. The friends of free institutions
the wide world over recognize the glorious
fact that the far-reaching, comprehensive, and
crowning deed of emancipation in America was
the beneficent work of the Republican party.
They recognize the fact, too, that in the great
work of emancipation democracy and conserv-
atism had no part; that they were, and now
are, the deadliest foes of the African race on
the face of the earth. Everywhere the sym-
pathies of the liberal and progressive men are
with us. The confidence of the humane, the
generous, and the just are with us. By striving
to lift up and hold up the feeble and dependent,
the smitten sons and daughters of sorrow and
misfortune, we strengthen ourselves. That
law of our being applies alike to individuals
and organizations. Years of devbtion to the
oppressed have placed the Republican party
of the United States on a plane so lofty and in
a position so strong as not to be successfully
assaulted by foes who have chosen their ground
so far below.
Several amendments have been submitted.
As we are all anxious to secure the adoption
of one that shall be the most perfect in form,
I propose this amendment:
No discrimination shall be made in any State
among the citizens of the United States in the exer-
cise of the elective franchise, or in the right to hold
office on account of race, color, nativity, property,
education, or creed.
This amendment is comprehensive, just,
and, therefore, strong. It secures the right
to vote and the right to hold office to men of
African descent, and it embraces others,
against whom tests are made in some of the
States. In Rhode Island naturalized citizens
cannot vote unless they are the possessors of
property. In New Hampshire the Catholic
cannot hold office by the constitution, though
the people of that State, believing that consti-
tutions were made for man, and not man for
constitutions, do sometimes elect Catholics to
office. In Massachusetts an educational test
is demanded, although it has become, through
a sense of justice among the people, almost a
dead letter. This amendment appeals alike
to the friends of the colored race and to other
citizens of the United States. It allows any
State to try, if it chooses, the experiment of
woman suffrage. If this amendment shall be
adopted, as I trust it will, it will be strong
before the people, and will, I am confident, be
sanctioned by the votes of three fourths of the
State Legislatures.
Sir, my colleague has prepared a bill to secure
equal suffrage. I shall vote for it if it is pre-
sented as an amendment to this bill, or in any
other way in which it may be presented. But
some of the ablest statesmen and most eminent
jurists in and oat of Congress question the
constitutional authority to enact such a law. A
portion, perhaps a large majority, of the Repub-
licans of the country entertain serious doubts
of the right to secure equal suffrage by con-
gressional legislation. In this state of the pub-
lic mind I am for submitting a constitutional
amendment to the States and putting forth our
full strength to secure its adoption. Let us
fling ourselves into the contest with that daunt-
lessresolution that crowns conflict with victory.
Railroad from Washington to New York.
REMARKS OF HON. G. F. MILLER,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1869,
On the bill (H. It. No. 621) to authorize the building
of a military and postal road from Washington.
District of Columbia, to the city of New York.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, the bill now
under consideration, which, as reported by the
Committee on Railroads and Canals, contains
sixteen sections, is to incorporate a company
to locate and construct a railroad from Wash-
ington city, in the District of Columbia, to the
city of New York, with one or more tracks,
with a capital of $10,000,000, and shall consist
of one hundred thousand shares of $100 each.
The bill also provides that the owners of lands
through which said road may be located shall
be compensated, and if the parties cannot agree
as to the amount of compensation a mode is
provided by which the damages can be ascer-
tained. It also makes it incumbent upon the
company to provide safe and convenient pas-
senger and sleeping cars, and limits the amount
of fare to be charged passengers, and also lim-
its the amount to be charged on freight. Upon
the whole, the bill is so framed as to protect
the public from imposition and to insure a
speedy transit between said cities, and to con-
vey the United States mails with dispatch. I
will not, Mr. Speaker, enter into an elaborate
discussion of this bill, but will briefly notice a
few leading features involved, and the first I
shall notice is, has Congress power to pass
such a law? If not, then it will be unnecessary
to consider the importance of the proposed
enterprise.
The eighth section of the first article of the
Constitution of the United States provides that
Congress shall have power to—
" Provide for thecommon defense and general wel-
fare of the United States."
This, I hold, gives to Congress, in a military
point of view, ample power to provide for de-
fense of the Government by having railroads
or other improvements constructed through the
several States to convey, when need requires,
troops and munitions of war, and not have to
depend solely upon local roads for that pur-
pose. During the late rebellion we saw the
great necessity of such a road, especially be-
tween Washington and Baltimore. When the
capital of the nation was menaced on every
hand by a strong rebel force we had but one
railroad, and that belonging to a company lit-
tle disposed to accommodate; so that the safety
of the nation demands an additional avenue
for transportation, which is provided for by the
bill now being considered ; and yet I am sorry
to find it opposed on this floor by gentlemen
who argue that inasmuch as the war is ended
and we are not likely to have another soon,
therefore there is no necessity, in a military
point of view, for the proposed improvement.
What a fallacy ! Are we to wait until a war
is again upon us before any preparation is
made for transportation so as to protect the
capital of the nation ? Are we to be content
with but one road leading to the seat of Gov-
ernment, and that controlled by a corporation
that is wielding its influence to prevent com-
