1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
Mr. LYNCH. I call for tellers on second-
ing the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Lykch were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 70, noes 73.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman New York
[Mr. Pomeroy] having opposed the seconding
of the previous question and being chairman
of the Committee on Banking and Currency,
the Chair will recognize him as now entitled
to the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ikgersom*]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order now, Mr.
Speaker, to move a further amendment to the
proposed instructions?
The SPEAKKK. It is not except by unani-
mous consent. An amendment and an amend-
ment to that amendment are already pending.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to ask the Chair
to inform me what motion is necessary in order
to bring before the House the proposition
which was taken from the table this morning.
I wish to get a vote on that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes that
gentlemen are familiar with the rules. It is
not customary for the Speaker to answer from
the Chair questions as to the parliamentary
proceeding necessary to accomplish a particu-
lar object. It is not his province to instruct
the House as to methods of parliamentary pro-
ceeding. But if there is no objection he will
answer the inquiry of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ixgersoll.]
Mr. JUDD. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to know
the position of the question before the House.
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit
with instructions,a motion to amend those in-
structions, and a motion to amend the amend-
ment are all pending.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask that the different
propositions be read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. They have all been re-
ported at this stage. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pomeroy] has moved to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, with instructions to report the first three
sections as already amended by the House.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburx]
has moved to amend the instructions by adding
the fourth section as agreed to yesterday. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
has moved, as an amendment to the amend-
ment, to strike out from the proposed instruc-
tions the second section.
Mr. POMEROY. I demand the previous
question on the amendment and the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to give notice that
if the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Coburn] be*voted down, I shall offer
an amendment providing for a free banking
system.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to give notice that
if these amendments be voted down, I shall
move to instruct the committee to report the
Senate bill as amended by the House com-
mittee.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to give notice that if
the amendments be adopted, I shall move to
lay the bill and amendments on the table.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to give notice that if
the previous question be seconded •
Mr. CHANLER. I raise the point of order
that debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Hie previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The lirst question was upon the motion of
-Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, offered as an
amendment to the amendment, to strike from
the proposed instructions the second section,
reading as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted* That section forty-
two of said act be so amended as to provide that
within ninety days fromthedateof the notice served
upon the Comptroller of tho Currency by any na-
tional "banking association that its shareholders have
voted to go into liquidation as provided in said sec-
tion,, the said association shall pay over to the Treas-
urer "df the United States the amountof itsoutstand-
ing notes, in lawful money of the United States, and
take up the bonds which said association has on de-
posit with the Treasurer tor the security of its circu-
lating notes, which bonds shall be assigned to the
bank in the manner specified in the nineteenth sec-
tion of said act; in default of which the Comptroller
of the Curreney shall sell said bonds to the highest
bidder at public auction at the stock exchange in the
city of New York, and from the proceeds thereof
shall pay over to the Treasurerof theUnited States,
in lawful money, an amount ecjual to the outstand-
ing circulation of such association, and shall pay
over any surplus remaining to the officers of the asso-
ciation. And any association which has heretofore
gone into liquidation under the provisions of the
section to which this is an amendment shall pay over
to the Treasurer lawful money equal in amount to
its outstanding circulation within ninety days from
the date of the passage of this act, in default of
which its bonds shall be sold as aboveprovided. And
from that time the outstanding notes shall be re-
deemed at the Treasury of the United States, and
the said association and the shareholders thereof
shall be discharged from all liability therefor: Pro-
vided, That any association winding up its affairs for
the purpose of consolidation with another bank shall
not be compelled to pay the Treasurer of the United
States the amount of its outstanding circulation in
lawful money, nor shall its bonds bo sold as above
provided.
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 15, uays 147, not voting
60 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Archer, Banks, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cake, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Donnelly, Fox, Grove, Halsey, Hooper,Hotch-
kiss, and Orth—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley, # Axtell,
Baker, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boutwell. Bo wen, BoydenJBoyer, Bromwell,
Broomaii, Buckland, Buckley, Burr, Roderick it.
Butler, Callis, Chanler, Churchill, Cobb, Coburn,
Corley, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese. Dockery,
Dodge, "Eckley. Eggleston, Ela,Eldridge, Thomas D.
Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, French, Garfield, Golladay, Gravely, Gris-
wold. Haight. Hamilton, Haughey, Hawkins, Hea-
ton, Higby, Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,Keiley,
Kellogg, Kelsey. Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen, Knott,
Koontz, Laflin, Lash, George Y. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughridse, Lynch, Mal-
lory, Marshall, Marvin. McCarthy, McCormick, Me-
Kee, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mungen, Myers,
Newcamb, Newshaui,Niblack,Norris,>iunn, O'Neill,
Paine, Perham, Pierce, Pile, Plants, Poland, Pols-
ley, Pomeroy, Price. Prince, Randall. Robertson,
Roots, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck.Scofield. Shanks, Shel-
labarger, Smith, Spaldine, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Taber, Taffe, Taylor, John
Trimble. Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Van Wyck, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker. Whittemore, William William?,
.James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, Woodward, and Young—147.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Barnura,
Beaman, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Brooks, Clil't,
Cook, Cornell, Delano, Dickey, Dixon, Driggs, Ed-
wards, Getz, Glossbrenner, Goss, Grover, Harding,
Hill, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Thomas L. Jones, Lincoln, Maynard, McCullough,
Mercur, Morrell, Morrissey, Mullins, Nicholson,
Peters, Pettis,, Phelps, Pike, Prnyn. Raurn, Robin-
son, Selye, Sitgreaves, Stone, SyphervThom:is%Tifr,
Lawrence S.Trimble, Van Aukcn, Yidal, C&dwal-
ttder C. Washburn, EHhu B. Wafhhurnc, Thomas
Williams, Stephen F.Wilson, and Wood—GO.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to. '
The question next recurred ou Mr. Cobukn's
amendment.
Mr. HAND ALL and Mr. BROOKS de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weic ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas l>7, nays 70, not vot-
ing 40 $ as follows :
YEAS—Mes^is. Allison, Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Blair. Boyd en, Brom-
well, Buckland, Buckley, Bur**, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, CaUis, Cary, Sidney Clarke. Cliff,
Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Deweese, Dockery, Dodge,
Donnelly, Edwards, Kgglcston, Lklridjre, James T.
i Elliott, Farnsworth, Ferry, French, Golladay, Goss,
j' Gravely, Grover, Haughey, Hawkins, Iieaton, Higby,
Hill, Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hun-
ter. Ingersoll, Johnson. Alexander H. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kellogg, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Lash, William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Marshall, Maynard. Mc-
Cormiek,McKee,Newcoml%Newsham,Norris.^«unn,
Orth, Paine, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants.Polsley, Prince,
Roots, Ross,Sawyer,Scbenck, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taffe, Tift. John Trimble.
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Henry D. \v ash-
burn, Welker, Whittemore, William Williams. Jobrt
X. Wilson, Windom. Woodward, and Young—#7.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Barnum. Benton, Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks, Broom-
all, Cake,Chanler, Churchill, Cornell,Covode,Dawes,
Dickey, Eckley, Thomas D. Eliot, Ferriss, Fields,
Fox, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Ham-
ilton, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hdbbafrd, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Kelley. Keteham* Koontz, Laf-
lin, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,
McCarthy, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Myers, Nib-
lack, O'Neill, Pettis, Poland, Pomeroy, Priec, Ran-
dall, Robertson, Robinson, Scofield, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens, Ifctewart,
Stone, Taber, Taylor, Trowbridge. TwichelfTUpson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Wriliiam B. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey,Baldwin,Banks, Barnes, Beaman,Bingham,
Blackburn,Biaine, Boies, Bowen, Reader W. Clarke,
Cook, Corley, Delano, Dixon,Driggs, Els, Glossbren-
ner, Gove, Harding, Hooper, Richard D. Hubbard,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelsey, Lincoln, Loughridge, Mc-
Cullough, Mercur, Morrell, Morrissey, Mullins, Mun-
gen, Nicholson, Perham, Peters, Phelps, Prnyn,
Raum, Selye, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas Wil-
liams, and Stephen F. Wilson—49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that the previous
question was exhausted.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved the following:
Strike outsections two and four, and in lieu there-
of insert the following:
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That section twen-
ty-two of the act to which this is supplementary b©
so amended that said section shall read as follows:
in order to furnish suitable notes for circulation, the
Comptroller of the Currency is hereby authorized
and required, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to cause plates and dies to be en-
graved in the best manner, to guard againsieounter^
feiting and fraudulent alterations, and to have printed
therefrom, and numbered, such quantity of circulat-
ing notes, in blank, of the denominations
$5, §10, $20, £50, $100, $500, and $1,000, as may be
required to supply, under this act, the associations en-
titled to receive the same; which notesshall express
u pon their face th at they are secured by U n ited States
bonds deposited with the Treasurerof the United
States, by the written or engraved signatures of the
Treasurer and Register, and by the imprint of tho
seat of the Treasury ; and shall also express upon
their face the promise ot the association receiving
the same to pay on demand, attested by the signa-
tures of the president or vice president and cashier.
And the said notes shall bear such devices and such
other statements, and shall be in such form as tbe
Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regulation, di-
rect: Provided, That not more than one sixth part
of the notes furnished to an association shall be of a
less denomination than §5, and that afterspeeic pay-
ments shall be resumed no association shall be fur-
nished with notes of a less denomination than $5,
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, ThattheSeeretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
prepare and issue, as hereinafter directed, bonds of
the United States, either coupon or registered, to the
amount of $600,000,000, payable at the pleasure of the
United States aiter twenty years from date in lawful
money, and bearing interest at the rate of four per
cent, per annum, payable semi-annually in coin.
The bonds hereby authorized shall be of such de-
nomination, not less than 850, as may be deemed ex-
pedient by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. -i. And be xt further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby empowered to dispose
of the bonds hereby authorized to be issued for law-
ful money of the United States at not less than their
par value. , , ^ .
See. 5. And be it further enacted. That each and
every banking association organized and doing busi-
ne>s undei .ml by virtue of the act to which this is
supplementary is hereby required to deposit with
the Treasurer of the United States, within six
months atcer the pAssageof this act, an amount of
the bonds hereby authorized to be issued equal to
the amount of bonds then on deposit by said asso-
ciations, respectively: with the said Treasurer as
security for the circulation and Government deposiU
of such associations; and the said Treasurer is
hereby authorized to receive from such associations
the bonds hereby authorized to be issued m heu of
anv other bonds held by him; and in case any such
association shall tail to comply with the require-
ments of this section within six months trom the
passage of this act the Comptroller of the Currency
shall forthwith appoint a receiver to wind up the
business of such association in the manner provided
by the act to which this is supplementary.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act no bonds, except those
to be issued under this act, shall be received by the
Treasurer of the United States as security for the
circulation of any such association, now or hereafter
to be organized, or for security for United States
deposits.
Sec, 7. And be it further cnacterf, That the^Secre-
tary of the Treasure be, and he hereby K directed
tobuyin open market,at the lowest market price,
any of the goid-bearingiuterestbonds of tue United
States issued under any former act of Congress, wuh
the lawful money received in exchange for the bonus
hereby authorized to be issued; and he is hereby
prohibited from using or disposing of in any other
manner the lawful money so reeeived in exchange
for such bonds: and he is hereby further directed to
cancel and destroy, in accordance with the manner
