[February 10,
Ho. op Reps,
Frauds against the Ohoetaw Indians—Mr. Glathe..
40th Cong....3d Sess.
he goes that there is a monopoly there that not
only has a grinding power in its hands, bat is
insolent and overbearing t* ,a degree that can
hardly be met with elsewhere. They have no
disposition to accommodate the public. They
keep up prices to a degree far beyond what
other corporations are charging, so far as I
know. They are disposed to make out of this
monopoly every dollar that it is possible for
them to gather from the pockets of those who
are compelled to pass over the road.
There is the State of New Jersey, substan-
tially supporting its government, so I am in-
formed and believe, by the collection of sub-
sidies that we are all obliged to pay for the
privilege of passing over her soil. Shall we
longer allow this to continue ? And if we shall
not, as I believe will be thedecision of this House,
then what are we to do? The only way, in
myjudgment, is to create another lineandgive
to some other company the power to go across
Maryland and New Jersey, and thus create a
wholesome competition. This is a most reason-
able and necessary power and will be exercised,
not in the interests of monopoly, but in direct
hostility to a most unjust and exclusive mo-
nopoly already existing.
Gentlemen who oppose the passage of this
bill seem to take for granted that every exer-
cise of the powers of the national Government
must be in the inteiests of monopoly and op-
pression, while the States may be safely intrusted
with unlimited discretion. It is to be observed
that this is eminently a national route. It passes
through four States, and, departing from this
District, terminates in a fifth. - To admit the
right of one of these States to bar the way
against all comers, while she stands on her bor-
der taking toll of every being and everything
that crosses that line, is to confess our inability
to do the most necessary thing for the common
interest of the whole people. If the power of
taxation involves thepowerofdestruction, then
a State may upon a given line utterly destroy
the whole commerce and business of the coun-
try, unless a reined} can be found in Congress.
But it has been argued here that the interests
of the people of the States may be safely trusted
to prevent such a result. Unfortunately for this
argument the very evil which this bill is intended
to remedy proves its unsoundness. The State
of New J ersey finds it largely for her interest to
levy black mail upon all the travel and business
which pass over this great line of railroad, and
she remains stubbornly deaf to all the demands
of reciprocity and good neighborhood. Can it
be possible that the nation is powerless to pre-
vent this? Are the States of this Union so
many independent sovereignties, which are at
liberty to build impassable barriers against the
people of the whole country unless they will
pay tribute to such monopolies as the cupidity
or hostility of the States may require? I shall
not give my assent to so mischievous, not to
say absurd, a proposition.
I am not surprised to see gentlemen on the
other side of the House unite to raise the cry
of State rights against this bill. They live in
the ideas ot fifty j ears ago. We cannot con-
vince them that the world moves. If we tell
them that the power to regulate commerce
between the States is the power to build trans-
state railways ; that commerce abandons the
lakes and the rivers, and even theoeean itself,
and speeds across the continent upon the iron
rail, the Democratic party only stares at us.
The magnetic telegraph itself can only give it
a spasm as it feebly croaks State rights. If a
great nation demands national highways for
the encouragement of its industries and the
development of its resources, no matter how
great the necessity, it must yield to every
State the right to veto the project. And thus
local jealousies, private greed, and ignorant
stupidity must be allowed to defeat the most
necessary and beneficial measures. My ovvn
State is most deeply interested in this ques-
tion. Surrounded by lakes upon all sides
except the south, the -great body Of her pro-
ductions and travel mustseekan eutlet through
other States. If these States may at will close
up. the way by oppressive taxation, our situa-
tion is most unfortunate. And I insist that the
only security for cheap and speedy transporta-
tion must be looked for in the power of Con-
gress to open the way for trade and that inter-
course which is a part of trade by annulling
repressive State laws or by providing national
highways over which the people of all the States
may pass upon equal terms. We shall look in
vain for any .other adequate regulation of the
commerce between the States.
If the time allowed me would permit it I
should look a little carefully into those inter-
pretations of the Constitution which have been
relied upon to maintain the right of the States
lying across the line of the proposed railroad
to continue the odious monopoly which they
have established. But that may not be, and
I only say that they constitute a part of a
vicious jurisprudence which grew up under the
baleful influence of an exaggerated notion of
State rights, which finally led those maintain-
ing it to deny to the national Government all
rights whatsoever. Th ese interpretations, let
us hope, have passed away with the occasion
for them, and that hereafter the Constitution
may be read in the light of a vigorous common
sense, as if it were intended to build up and
not to destroy the nation.
With these views of the constitutional au-
thority of Congress over the subject it only
remains to consider whether its exercise is now
expedient. That the abuse in this instance is
great and requires a speedy abatement in some
form is not denied. But we are told that to en-
ter upon this system of internal improvement
is a most dangerous experiment; that the power
is subject to great abuses, and we had better
keep clear of the matter altogether. It is true
that the power may be improvidently exercised
as every other power of Government may
be, and in this respect it does not differ from
any other; but this does not afford a reason
for refusing to perform an act which«s clearly
proper and necessary; nor is it to be pre-
sumed that Congress will act unwisely and in
hostility to the public good.
We have been solemnly warned in this de-
bate both from Maryland and Pennsylvania that
the passage of this bill will bring down upon
Congress the terrible lobby from thirty States,
and the whole legislation of the country will be
corrupted. Sir, I am not alarmed at this lobby
if it shall come, nor do I believe in the danger
of its coming. Most of the States already have
upon their statute-books free railroad laws, and
so far are they from being frightened lest too
many may be built that they are stimulating
these enterprises to the utmost of their power.
There is no danger from the lobby when there
are no subsidies, and the virtue of Congress
does not need to sound an .alarm before the
temptation is offered. If the Legislatures of
Pennsylvania and Maryland have been able to
withstand the terrible lobby while voting spe-
cial privileges, then I will trust the virtue of
Congress while it goes about to destroy those
monopolies.
It is difficult to believe that the House will
be much moved by this appeal to its supposed
weakness, o.r that it will refuse to exercise a
most useful and necessary power in the pres-
ent case because it is possible that the same
power may be abused in some other case.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania is also
alarmed lest the company chartered by this bill
shall conceive the dangerous design of build-
ing itsroad and running its engines through
the middle of his beloved Philadelphia and
upon streets at a different grade from .that
established by the corporation, and in fact
smashing up a sidewalk beyond all hope of
repair. These be fearful dangers no doubt,
but I am sure he will escape them, considering
that the company will be obliged to pay roundly
for all the, property it takes and all the damage
it does. And then,, sir, the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Phelps] ig greatly troubled in
a somewhat opposite direction. He evidently
fears—and I think we all share in that fear—
that the time will speedily come when cars will
run past Baltimore by steam. Farewell then,
sir, to the charming omnibus line ; farewell to
the great horse teams which, with the crack of
the whip and the sound of a tin horn, take us
at the rate of two miles an hour through the
metropolis of Maryland with a cheery " Gee-
up" and " Gee-ho !" I think we shall recon-
cile ourselves to this change at Baltimore. It
will be some compensation that we shall no
longer see women and children, the aged, thfe
halt, and the blind tumbled out of the cars
coming in from the Northwest at all times of
night and day and in all weather, and delivered
over to the howling .gang to whom they are
compelled to intrust themselves in passing
through the Monumental City.
Mr. Speaker, the spirit of American enter-
prise refuses longer to be bound by these vex-
atious restrictions upon the speed and comfort
of travel. If the States will not furnish the
highways required by the people the country
calls upon the national Congress to supply the
defect, and we shall not long refuse to respond
to the call. Let us pass this bill and put upon
record our determination to remove out of the
way every obstruction placed across the great
avenues of commerce and business, whether by
State monopolies or otherwise.
Frauds against the Choctaw Indians.
SPEECH OF HON. SIDNEY CLARKE,
of kansas,
In the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1869,
On the claim of lie aid and Wright against the
Choetaw Indians.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
in order to bring this question to the consider-
ation of the House, I will state as briefly as
possible the facts in the case. Joseph G. Heald
was licensed to trade with the Choetaws in tho
spring of 1848. In 1858, with a view to re-
tiring. he sold an interest in his store to his
two clerks—F. B. Williams and L. B. Dow—
and turning over the active management to
them, went to live in Massachusetts. In the
spring of 1861, the partnership with Williams
and Dow having expired, Mr. Heald returned
from Massachusetts to take charge of the part-
nership effects, which belonged almost exclu-
sively to him, the interest of Williams and
Dow having been purchased with notes which
are still unpaid. In April, 1862, Mr. Heald
went back to his residence in Massachusetts.
After the close of the war, on his way to the
Indian country to look after his buildings and
other property, he heard Commissioner Cooley
state to the Choetaws and other tribes who had
been hostile that under their treaties and the
law of July 5,1862, these different nations had
forfeited and lost all their rights to lands and
annuities, but that the President did not wish
to take advantage of the forfeiture. 11 occurred
to Mr. Heald that if the Government was will-
ing to restore as a matter of favor lands and
annuities to Indians who had forfeited them by
acts of hostility it would of course |>e willing
to secure -simple justice to its own loyal citi-
zens trading among such Indians under the
special protection of a license.
He therefore presented a statement of his
claims to Commissioner Cooley at the Indian
office, and was referred by him to the Choetaw
delegation then in Washington, with the assur-
ance that whatever arrangement tliey might
make for the payment of his claims would be
satisfactory to the Department. The claims
