S80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the amount
paid by the United States to the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad for transportation of men and supplies each
year from 1861 to 1866 inclusive, designating sepa-
rately the sums paid for suoh transportation from
Washington to the Relay House, and also the rate
of such transportation.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that resolution
passes I desire to say a word upon it, and to
move an amendment to it in some words like
these: that the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed also to state the amount paid to the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company above
the price paid to other railroad companies for
the same services.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think that amend-
ment is necessary, because we know what that
rate is.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it is necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. We know the rate that
has been paid to other companies ; but as there
is some dispute in regard to the rate paid to
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and I do not
wish to do any injustice to them, I should like
to ascertain the rate.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator's resolution,
as it stands, will not obtain the information
that I desire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, to add to the reso-
lution :
And that he also state the amounts paid to the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company in excess of
what was paid toother railroad companies for similar
sorvices.
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. WHYTE. I desire to add the North-
/ crn Central also.
/Mr. CAMERON. I will accept that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear
the resolution read as amended.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
i Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the amount
paid by the United States to the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad for transportation of men and supplies each
year from 1861 to 1866 inclusive, designating sepa-
rately the sums paid for such transportation from
Washington to the Relay House, and also the rates
of transportation. And that he also statethe amounts
paid to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
in excess of what was paid to other railroad com-
panies for similar services.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, Mr. President, I
desire to state that in 1866 my colleague offered
a resolution inquiring into the amount paid by
the Government to the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company for services rendered, to
which there has been no reply. Shortly after
I came here, in 1867, I introduced a resolu-
tion which received the sanction of the Senate,
asking for the same information, to which the
then Senator from Maryland (Mr. Johnson)
added the Pennsylvania Central and the North-
ern Central. That, it was supposed, would
bring some additional information that I did
not want; but that is not so. The object I
have in view is this: the War Department, in
1861, called together the principal railroad
presidents of the country and made an arrange-
ment with them by which they were to receive
two thirds of the ordinary rates charged by the
different companies as a full compensation for
their services in transportation for the Govern-
ment during the war. The other railroads
have stood by that arrangement, but the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company, as I un-
derstand—I do not know the fact, but I am so
informed—have got one third more than was
paid to any other railroad company in the
United States. That belief, in ray mind, is
very much strengthened by the difficulty I have
had in getting that information. Three years
have passed since it was called for by the Sen-
ate ; it is two years since I made the applica-
tion myselfj and yet there is no response.
Why it is I do not know. If the War Depart-
ment, or the Treasury Department, or the
President, or anybody else, gave the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad one third more than other
railroads received it is right that the country
should know why they received so much more.
If they earned it, very well. If they did not,
we ought to know it. That is my object.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will inquire if there
is not a rule which requires that resolutions
calling for information shall be considered by
some committee with a view to ascertain the
amount of labor in the Department necessary
to furnish that information. I presu me, though
I know nothing about it, that this information
has not been given, because it would require
a vast amount of labor in the Department. I
suppose that the business of that railroad com-
pany during the progress of the war was of
enormous magnitude, and that a detailed state-
mentofit furnished to the Senate would require
the entire force of the Department for a very
considerable time to furnish it.
Now I should like to know of the Senator
from Pennsylvania what course the Congress
of the United States can take, supposing the
statement made by him to be in all respects
accurate. Can Congress now pass a law which
will enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
recover the amount that has been paid over
and above the contract price, and to pay it
back again into the Treasury ? I should like
to know before a great labor is imposed upon
any of the Departments what is the practical
good to be arrived at by securing the informa-
tion. If the object is simply to make an attack
upon a railroad company here, I think it is
not the business of the Senate of the United
States to pander to purposes of that sort, and
as a representative from the great Northwest
I will not consent to it unless the public good
calls for it.
I have heard the criticism of the Senator
from Ohio on the conduct of the Baltimore
and Ohio road; and it has not changed my
judgment in regard to the great importance
of that mighty channel of commerce to the
Northwest. I feel that the men who invested
their money, who undertook the great enter-
prise of constructing that road and the Penn-
sylvania Central road across the Alleghany
mountains, overcoming difficulties that it was
supposed prior to that time could not be over-
come by the most skillful engineering, have
contributed a great benefit to the commerce
and business and wealth of the Northwest;
and for no purpose except the public good will
I consent that the Senate shall become a party
to an attack upon these great works—works
that are of so much benefit to our part of the
country. And when I speak in regard to the
benefit of these works to the great West I
would extend the same remark to the roads
that go through the State of New York, all
contributing to bring the trade and commerce
of the interior to the sea-shore.
If this be a controversy between different
railroad companies I hope that the Senate will
not become a party to it. I do not ask that
there shall be a report in regard to the North-
ern Central road. I have heard much said in
regard to that road. I have heard much said
in regard to the Baltimore and Ohio road with
respect to the peculiar privileges that they
were supposed to enjoy during the progress of
the war; but I suppose that the accounts are
closed, the money has been paid by the Depart-
ment with a full knowledge of all the facts;
and I cannot conceive of any state of case in
which Congress can pass a law to recover any
of that money again. If it be the purpose here
to raise a comparison between railroad compa-
nies to gratify an idle curiosity or in order to
benefit any particular road at the expense of
another, I shall not give my vote ip favor of
any such measure.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I agree
with the Senator from Indiana in all that he
has said eulogistic of these great railroad com-
panies. I believe I understand just as well as
any other Senator does the services which they
have rendered the country. I am not going to
detract an iota from that; nor have I any per-
sonal interest in this matter. Two years ago,
when I offered my resolution on this subject,
the Senator from Maryland, (Mr. Johnson,)
supposing that the resolution was invidious in
its character, added the Northern Central and
the Pennsylvania railroads. I happen to have
some interest in those roads, though not so
much as gentlemen usually suppose; but I
have some interest in knowing why one rail-
road company got millions of dollars more
than any other railroad company for the same
services. The Senator might just as well say
that if a fraud had been committed on the Treas-
ury we could not at this day open the books
and investigate it, and have that fraud, if there
has been one, corrected. I do not understand
that' sort of logic, nor do I understand that
sort of honesty which will prevent the investi-
gation of an account, whether it be right or
wrong. We, the representatives of the States
here, have a right to know what has been done
with our money. If we cannot get it back,
we can at least hold up the example of those
who did the wrong to those who are to follow
us hereafter. f
The Baltimore and Ohio railroad has done a
great deal for the country. It was one of the
first great improvements of the country, and it
was carried through by the energy of that great
city, for no city in the whole United States has
shown more energy in behalf of its interests
than the city of Baltimore. Her merchants
(and many of them were originally Pennsyl-
vanians) are among the ablest men in their
profession in the country. Baltimore has many
advantages which have been much improved.
But there is no reason in my mind, if that road
has received improper pay, why we should not
know it. If no injustice has been done to the
Treasury by them or those who paid them it is
their interest that it should be known, for there
is an impression that many millions more were
paid to them for the same service than was
paid to other roads. I desire to have that im-
pression removed if it is incorrect, and 1 can
see no wrong in asking for the information.
You may add the Pennsylvania road if you
like, and the Northern Central, and I believe
I have a little interest in a road called the
Shamokin road, and you can put that in if you
will. I have an interest in various other roads,
and you can put in if you like all the railroads .
in which the Senator from Pennsylvania hap-
pens to have a little stock.
Mr. WHYTE. I' understood the Senator
from Pennsylvania to accept the amendment
which I proposed.
Mr. CAMERON. I did.
Mr. WHYTE. And therefore I ask that it
be entered upon the resolution that the North-
ern Central railroad shall also be inquired into,
and the amounts received by that company
during the same period of time shall be stated
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say in reply to
the observation made by the Senator from
Indiana that I have not the slightest feeling
against the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. This
resolution of mine is not offered with any hos-
tile feeling against that road, nor have I any
choice as to either of these railroads, or any
interest in any of them. The reason why I
offer this resolution is that Mr. Garrett, in the
official report that I read the other day, stated
that the amount paid by the Government to
him, or to his road, was one dollar to one
dollar and ten cents per passenger. I have
heard that allegation controverted, and £ have
heard it stated by officers of the Government
that the full amount of $1 50 was paid. The
only object of this resolution is to show to the
Senate by the extraordinary or exorbitant
charges of this road, more than other roads
charged for the same service, the necessity of
providing against such a contingency again ;
not with a view, however, to disparage the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, because i appre-
ciate its importance in the railroad interests
of the country.
_ As for the difficulty in getting this informa-
tion, these disbursements are all paid by the
quartermaster, as a matter of course, as all
