1869.]
APPENDIX fO flE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
40xh Cong....3d
Frands against the Choctaw Indians—-Mr. Clarke.
Ho. op Beps.
thus referred to the delegates were under the
following heads:
1. For sixty-two bales of cotton taken by the Choc-
taws : $5,580 00
2. For mill property taken by the Choc-
taws  3,923 00
3. For advances to the Choctaw treasurer
before thcwar     5,290 76
4. For protested draft on ii. W. Lehman
& Brother  40,943 42
5. For sums due from individual Indians... 34,551 62
Total..
..$90,288 80
To explain these claims fully as they ap-
peared to the delegates it is necessary to say
something of the character of Mr. Heald and
of his business. Instead of confining himself
to the mere buying and selling of goods it
appears that he had taken a good deal of pains
to induce the Choctaws to work; had built
mills and thds encouraged them to raise wheat;
had put up "gins," and distributed cotton-
seed gratuitously, thereby getting them into the
way of raising cotton. He had also contributed
largely in various ways toward their schools,
had himself built and started a neighborhood
school near his store, and bad made advances
for the schools supported by the nation, some
of which advances, amounting to several thou-
sand dollars in gold, were repaid in confed-
erate-paper, now on hand, and of course thor-
oughly worthless. In his business transactions
he had so conducted himself as to secure the
implicit confidence of the Indians, and had
never had any difficulty or misunderstanding
whatever in the settlement of any accounts.
All this was well known to the delegates. Two
of them had grown up near his store. Of
these two one had been treasurer, had kept his
money in and conducted his business,through
Heald's store. He knew that just such ad-
vances as are embraced in the claims under
the third head had been made while he was
treasurer, knew the parties to whom the pay-
ments had been made, and also knew that a
large sum was actually due to Heald for such
advances.
So, too, as to the individual accounts. Heald
was unable to give the items, as most of his
books had been destroyed, but he furnished the
names of two hundred and thirty-two debtors
with the balance due from each. The dele-
fates, Page and Riley, and the secretary, Le
'lore, knew every one of these names, and
knew generally that the parties were indebted
to Heald. They did not know the precise
amount, but they knew that Heald was not the
man to claim what was not justly due him.
And it is a remarkable fact that not a single
doubthas been castuponany oneofthe twohun-
dred and thirty-two items composing the aggre-
gate of $34,551 62, or upon any one of thirty
items which made up the sum of $5,290 70 for
advances to the treasurer. The attacks upon
the claim have been confined to the items for
the cotton and the mill property taken by the
Choctaws and for the protested draft. The whole
amount of $34,5.31 02 for individual debts was
not indeed allowed, but it was reduced in this
way: some of the accounts, amounting to
$10,000, the delegates said could not be collected
The collection of the remaing $24,551 62 they
said would be expensive, and they insisted
that $10,000 should be allowed the Choctaw
nation for collecting $24,500, thus reducing the
allowance forindividual accounts to $14,551 62.
The charge for advances to the treasurer was
allowed by the delegates in full. Its correct-
ness has never been disputed. The claim
for cotton was for forty-eight bales and a quan-
tity of unbaled lint and seed-cotton, esti-
mated at fourteen bales more, in all sixty-two
bales left at the gin by Mr. Heald in 1862 and I
laken by the Choctaws during the following ,
winter. The mill property was in charge of
an engineer, who left the country in the spring
of 1863 to save his life, wliich had been repeat-
edly threatened. Before leaving he attempted'
to sell the engine, mills, gin, &c., but was
prevented by the Choctaw authorities, who took
possession of the entire mill property and used
it for their own benefit until ltwas captured by
General Blunt, of the Union Army. The claim
is for the aetual value of the property lost in
consequence of the seizure by the Choctaws.
The charge of $40,943 42 for the protested
draft had its origin in an effort made by the
agents of the Choctaw nation to realize in the
Indian country the value of certain gold de
posited for the nation in St. Louis, on the 24th
of August, 1861, for which a certificate had
been given, payable twelve months after date,
with six per cent, interest on the sum depos-
ited, which was $33,018 89. The certificate
had been transferred to E. W. Lehman &
Brother, of Philadelphia.
Sampson Folsom states in- his letter to the
Committee on Indian Affairs that he was spe-
cially employed to get this money transferred
to the Choctaw country. About the same time
Major Heald had a large amount of confeder-
ate paper which he had been compelled to
receive in payment for goods, and which he
was desirous of converting into funds avail-
able in the North, whither he was anxious to
transfer his effects. His former partner, Wil-
liams, purchased for him Folsom's draft on
Lehman and Brother, paying therefor the face
of the certificates, namely :
Certificates $33,018 89
With interest from August, 1861, to June,
1862  1,649 87
Increasing the sum due in gold to  34,668 76
To which he added fifty per cent, pre-
mium 17,334 38
Making the aggregate paid in confeder-
ate notes $52,003 14
The confederate money, it is admitted, was
paid by Williams', and it is also admitted that
it was applied at the "same rate to the payment
of the debts of the nation, its creditors receiv-
ing three dollars in confederate for two in
gold. General Pike, one of the creditors,
states that he himself was paid at that rate
with paper which came from Heald through
Williams.
The draft thus purchased was on the 6th of
September, 1862, protested for non-payment,
and when put in suit a few days afterward the
defense set up by Lehman was that he had re
ceived the certificates upon which the draft
was drawn from his former partner, Johnson,
in payment for Lehman's interest in certain
partnership property held by and sold to John-
son at Memphis; that Lehman regarded the
gold for which the certificates were given as
his own property, and had disposed of it ac-
cordingly six months before the sale to Wil-
liams of Folsom's draft.
The suit against Lehman was still pending,
awaiting evidence to rebut Lehman's allega-
tions, when Major Heaid's claims were submit-
ted to the Choctaw delegates. Two of them
stated that to their personal knowledge John-
son, the former partner of Lehman, had paid
the Choctaws full value for the certificates,
thereby establishing for Lehman a perfect de-
fense by verifying his statements which Major
Heald had regarded as false and fraudulent
until the fact of the payment by Johnson, since
admitted by Messrs. Folsom and Battice, was
made known to him by the delegates.
The claims thus set forth, as presented to
the delegates, were of a twofold character,
national and individual.
The first four classes, namely—
1. For cotton  $5,580 00
2. For mill property  3,923 00
3. For advances to the treasurer  5,290 76
4. For protested draft on Lehman  40,943 42
$55,737 18
were all claims on the nation as a body.
The fifth class was of an individual charac-
ter, namely:
"5. For balances due from individuals, $31,551 G2"—
swelling the aggregate claims to $90,288 80.
The correctness of this aggregate the dele-
gates, after two months examination of the
papers, did not dispute. The only objection
raised was to the individual accounts, which,
as before stated, were cut down not because
they were not justly due, but by striking out
$10,000 for bad debts and charging $10,000
more for collecting the residue. •
It also appears that the delegates did not
wish the alteration discussed in the Senate.
They did not want it known at that particular
time, when a treaty highly favorable to them was
under consideration, that their people had been.
engaged during the war in seizing the mills and
the cotton of loyal citizens, licensed to trade
among them, or that their government officers
had been guilty of any such swindling as was
involved in the double sale of the draft for gold.
They therefore agreed to allow the claim, less
the $20,000 deducted as above shown from
the private accounts, and thereby reduced to
$70,288 80, which they requested Commis-
sioner Cooley to provide for in the treaty. In-
stead of doing so, he prepared the fiftieth article
as it now siands, adding $20,000 for.Ileuben
Wright, and requiring the whole to be exam-
ined by commissioners who were authorized to
investigate other claims, which if allowed were
to be paid out of the $90,000 provided for
Heald and Wright. Against the injustice of
admitting others to share in what was justly
due to them, Heald and Wright protested, and
appealed to the Senate for redress. To give
them an opportunity to be heard the ratifica-
tion of the treaty was suspeuded.
The Choctaws and their advisers, unwilling
for various reasons to risk any debate in the
Senate, appealed to Heald and Wright to with-
draw their opposition, and Commissioner Coo-
Icy joined in the appeal. It was urged that there
were no other claimants who could justly par-
ticipate in the $90,000 provided by the fiftieth
article ; that Heald and Wright were the only
loyal citizens of the United States who were
licensed traders in the Choctaw country, and
were consequently the only persons who could
claim under that article. Major Heald had
objected that it was hard to require him to
procure proof in the Choctaw country of the
items of his accounts against individuals in the
absence of his account books, which had been
destroyed during the war, leaving him barely
a memorandum of names and amounts due.
To this Commissioner Cooley replied that the
Choctaw delegates were intelligent men, un-
derstood the matter thoroughly, and that their
testimony as to the correctness of the claim
would be sufficient.
Heald and Wright consequently withdrew
their opposition. The treaty was ratified;
commissioners were appointed; the claims
were examined in this city, and, as the claim-
ants supposed, the ease was closed. It was
reopened, howeverratFort Smith, in Arkansas,
fifteen miles from Major Heald's former trad-
ing post. Four attorneys appeared for the
Choctaws. No evidence was produced against
Wright. That against Heald was confined to
the charges for cotton and for mill property.
It was not denied that cotton belonging to
Major Heald had been taken by the Choctaws.
The only question was as to the amount, and
whether the Choctaws were properly respons-
ible for it. Witnesses were produced who
swore that instead of forty-eight there were
only thirty-two bales at the gin; that of the
thirty-two only thirteen were taken by the
Choctaws, and that the capture and distribu-
tion were ordered by the rebel General Hind-
man, who, it was contended, was alone re-
sponsible.
On the other hand, a freedman who had been
many years in Major Heald's employment as
miller, swore positively under rigorous cross-
examination to the number of bales and to the
distribution of the whole. Some four or five
other freednieu had previously made affidavits
to the same effect. There was no sufficient
