1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
transportation charges are. They can be easily
ascertained from the reports in the Third
Auditor's office, and I do not suppose it. will
take a competent officer of that bureau more
than a day or two to furnish the information.
No details are required, but simply the aggre-
gates and the rates. I supposed the informa-
tion was in our official papers until 1 inquired
for it and found it was not there. Although
■ the contract with the other railroad companies
is on our files the contract with the Baltimore
and Ohio road is not published, so far as I can
ascertain, and I desire to have it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not the least
objection to this resolution so far as it relates
to any railroads. But the Committee on the
Revision of the Rules reported a rule to the
Senate, which I believe the Senate did not
adopt, although the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthony] urged it very strongly, that
these resolutions calling for information where
it was not known definitely what amount of
clerical labor would be required to furnish it
should first go to a committee, and there should
be a report on that subject. I have seen res-
olutions so drawn here that when a Senator
wanted only one item of information it re-
quired the Departments many months, and the
report made a book. And yet we are con-
stantly caviling at the Departments for the
amount of clerical force that they keep em-
ployed, while we are continually loading them
down, without a report from any committee as
to its propriety, with labor. I said last year
that I would not vote for another reference to
a Department for information unless we had
some reasonable assurance, orsome knowledge
or information was furnished the Senate that
the expense of it would not be very consider-
able. I believe we ought to have a standing
rule on that subject. 1 do not think, if the mat-
ter was up again in the Senate and it was fairly
understood, we should vote down the rule that
was proposed. I shall vote against any of
these calls, eimply because I do not know what
they may cost. We cannotget anything printed
until it is referred to the Committee on Print-
ing and they report in favor of it with an esti-
mate of the probable cost. Why should we
subject a Department to the expense when we
do not know the probable cost?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution, as pro-
posed to be amended, now reads:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the amount
paid by the United States to the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad and the Northern Central railroad for
transportation of men and supplies each year from
1861 to 1866 inclusive, designating separately the
sums paid for such transportation to the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad from Washington to the Relay
House; also the rates ot such transportation. And
that he also state the amounts paid to the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company in exoess of whatwas
paid to other railroad companies for similar services.
Mr. POMEROY, That involves what was
paid to every railroad in the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think the ob-
jection urged by the Senator from Kansas
ought to control the action of the Senate. If
the head of a Department is called on for in-
formation by either branch of Congress, and
shall ascertain that it cannot be furnished
without interrupting the ordinary business of
the Department, it will be an easy matter for
the Secretary to so inform the House asking
for that information, and to state the amount
which will be necessary to employ the addi-
tional clerical force requisite to make out the
statements called for. I apprehend the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will do this. But if he
can avail himself of the force now in the De-
partment without interrupting the ordinary
business of the Department and comply with
the request of the Senate he will do so. I
have no doubt that the failure heretofore to
respond has been an inadvertence and over-
sight.
In relation to the objection urged^ by the
Senator from Indiana, I have to say this—per-
haps I ought to say it oa account of my con-
nection with the business that appertains to
the District of Columbia;—that there is no
implied censure, as it seems to me, on the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company in the
passage of this resolution. If the company
was paid more for the amount of service ren-
dered the Government than was paid to other
similar corporations it was with the concur-
rence of the officers of the Government, and
doubtless for what they deemed a sufficient
reason. There was a reason for it that satis-
fied the officers of the Government at the time,
and that reason may weigh very materially in
the decision of the Senate when they come to
consider the railroad bills now on the files of
the Senate. Perceiving, therefore, no implied
censure of the railroad company named in the
ssage of the resolution, and no material
obstruction to furnishing the information grow-
ing out of the consideration mentioned by the
Senator from Kansas, I must vote for the reso-
lutkm.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on the resolution.
miss sue murpiiey.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn'
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call the attention of the Senate to the
unfinished business of yesterday, which is the
bill (S. No. 625) for the relief of Miss Sue
Murphey, of Decatur, Alabama. That bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the pending question is the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, last evening I
attempted to show, and I think did successfully
show, that there was nothing in the past action
of the Committee on Claims'which should dis-
suade the Senate from giving their assent to
the pending bill. I tried to show, and I think
I did successfully show, that there was nothing
in the past action of the Senate which should
prevent them from giving their assent to the
bill. On the contrary, I think I did show suc-
cessfully that no man or woman had ever pre-
sented an honest claim for property taken and
used by this Government and had been denied
payment because of his of her residence in any
particular portion of the Union. Up to this
time we have known no distinction, the com-
mittee has known none, the Senate has known
none, between the resident of one portion of
the United States and the resident of another
portion.
If there is, then, nothing in the past action
of the committee nor in the past action of the
Senate which should prevent us from giving
a fair consideration to this claim I ask what,
there is in the nature of the claim itself which
should lead the Senate to hesitate or to refuse ?
Looking at the formidable opposition which
this bill has encountered perhaps I have some
reason to be deterred from pursuing its sup-
port. Looking at that long muster-roll of dis-
tinguished Senators who have presented them-
selves here, one after another, to protest against
the payment of this claim, perhaps I ought to
conclude that I am wrong, and I believe I should
so conclude if it were not for one little circum-
stance, and that is that I know I am right and
not wrong, and I am so constituted that_wheu
I know I am right it takes a good deal of testi-
mony to convince me that I am wrong.
For weeks every species of opposition has
been offered to this bill that I ever heard of, I
think. Every sort of plea, dilatory and in bar,
has been made here. Pleas for delay; pleas to
the jurisdiction; pleas of bankruptcy without
number; pleas of infancy; and yesterday my
distinguished friend, the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart.] really stood up here in the
Senate and set up the large sums of money you
have appropriated from year to year for th<e
support of the Freedraeu's Bureau as a set-off
against the claim of Sue Murphey. I know
in our practice but one form of defense which
has not been interposed here, and that is the
statute of limitations. That has not been
set up yet.
The honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] first sounded the alarm. I do not
think he felt much alarm himself; but ha said
the bill required careful consideration. Well,
sir, that injunction of his has been attended to.
I trust the honorable Senator is prepared by
this time to give his certificate that the bill has
been carefully considered. The honorable Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessexden] was the
first to take the alarm. He seemed to think,
although he did not insist upon his position,
that there had been somewhere some decision
which militated against the principle of this
bill, and he wanted precedents. On a former
occasion I thought 1 had pointed the Senator
and the Senate to precedents. I showed the
Senate that there had been paid out of the
Treasury, upon the adjudication of the head
of a bureau, for property taken by the Gov-
ernment, taken within these very districts and
appropriated to the use of the Government,
moy6 millions of money than ever will be paid
oftt of the Treasury hereafter upon the adju-
dication of the Committee on Claims or of any
Congress under the principle involved in this
bill.
And the Senatorfrom Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
interposed his objection, which was that we
should not make a pet or a favorite of Miss
Sue Murphey; that she was no better than
anybody else in Decatur, and that as every-
body in Decatur suffered under the orders of
the general who commanded our Army, we
should pay them all. I replied, as well as I
could to the Senator, that we could investigate
bat one case at a time, and the case of Sue
Murphey happened to be the individual case
that was then before us.
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
with his eye always fixed upon the interests of
the Treasury, interposed in the name of the
national necessities, and he undertook to in-
form us, as other Senators have informed us
since, that the Treasury could not stand up
under the immense drain that would follow
upon the passage of this bill. I have already
said, in reference to that objection, that if the
principle of this bill be just, if it imposes an
honest obligation on this Government, I would
stand here and defend it although it drove the
Treasury to bankruptcy. Bankruptcy rather
than dishonor and dishonesty ! If it imposes
no honest obligation upon the Government,
then do not pay it, no matter how able your
Treasury may be to meet it. But upon that
allegation I shall have something more to say
hereafter ; I pass it for the present.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] of-
fered his objection that Congress ought not to
consider these things ; that they were more
proper subjects for the consideration ot the
Court of Claims. I quite agree with the Sena-
tor. My judgment is that that would be the
better tribunal of the two to investigate them.
I am not very positive upon the point; but that
is my judgment. But, sir, Congress has passed
upon that question, and has excluded the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims, and has posi-
tively commanded the court to abstain from
taking jurisdiction of this class of causes, and
has commanded the heads of your quartermas-
ter's and commissary bureaus "to abstain from
doing the same; and unless there is relief here
there is relief nowhere.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Pat-
terson] following in this debate, I think, on
the whole, furnished the most unanswerable
argument that I have heard in the course of
the debate. His objection was founded, if I
understood him, on the doctrine that '"some
thinge could be done as well as others." The
honorable Senator did not tell us from which
one of the writers on the rights of war he found
the text of his doctrine ; but I know the accu-
racy of his scholarship ; I do not doubt that
he quoted correctly, and I shall not undertake
to controvert the principle. There may possi-
bly be an answer to the application he made
of it. He pointed us to the ease of Mr. Lay, I
think, who had some property near the Uneot
the District of Columbia—-a building which was
