1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Kelley, Keteham, Koontz, Lynch, McCarthy, Me-
Oormick, Miller,Moore, Moorehead, Myers, Niblack,
O'Neill, Perhatt), Pettis, Pike,Poland, Price, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson. Scolield, Seiye.SitPcreaves.Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart, labor, Taylor,
Twicbell. Van Aemam, Burt Van Ilorn, Van Wyck,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, Wood, and Woodbridge—71.
iS 01' V0TXKU—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Barnes, Blaine, Boles,
Bromwell, Benjamin F.Butler, Cake, Clift, Cook,
Covodo, Delano, Dixon, Driggs, Ela, Ferry, (iloss-
bieriner, Harding, Hawkins, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbairl, liiebard D. Ilubbard, Ingersoll, Kitchen,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin. MeCullough,
Mercur, Morrell, Morrissey, Mullins, Mungcn. New-
sham, Nunn, Paine, Peters, Phelps, Pomeroy, Prince,
Robertson, Stevens, Stone, Sypher, Thomas, Tift,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Upson, Van
Auken, Vidal, Ehhu B. Washburne, Wiiittemore,
and Stepheu F. Wilson—5fi.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. PETTIS. I rise to call up the report
of the Committee of Elections in the contested-
election case of Chaves against Clever.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield to me for an ex-
planation.
Mr. PETTIS. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts for a few moments.
MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, it was iny
purpose until very recently to report from the
Committee on Reconstruction a bill for the
establishment of a provisional government for
the State of Mississippi; but altera full and
free conference with gentlemen on the other
side of the House, and especially the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Ei.dridgk,] ami
having been by them assured very 1'iankly that
it was their purpose to resist the passage of the
bill by such parliamentary means as they could
resort to, I have been compelled to resign the
presentation of the bill at this time. Inasmuch
as there is other business of public importunes
and it would be usless to pass the bill unless it
passed between this and Friday, I feel it to be
my duty to abandon it at the present time,
with the assurance, however, that immediately
after the 4th of March next the other side of
the House will have an opportunity to test the
capacity'of this House to pass it.
Mr. ELDIllDGrE. Mr. Speaker, since [
have been alluded to by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I wish to say a single word in
reply. He has stated that it was our purpose
t.<> resist the passage of the bill to which he
referred territorializing the State of Mississippi.
He has stated the matter with entire frankness.
I have said to him that we did intend to resist
the passage of such a bill to the utmost of our
ability. We believe now, as we have always
believed, that the State of Mississippi isaSta.tr
in the Union and entitled to all the rights and
privileges of every other State, and that it has
been ever since the war was a successful war
against, the rebellion. This is our position, and
we shall now and at all times resist, every effort
to turn into a Territory any State of this Union.
0IIDKII OF BUBIHE8S.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iagain appeal to the House
to allow the Committee of Claims leave to re-
port to-morrow at the expiration of the hour
assigned to the Committee on J nvalid Pensions.
There are citizens of tlu: United Stales whose
money has been paid into the Treasury and
who are in want, by reason of noil-action on
the part of the House upon their claims. It
is but a simple act of public justice that wo
should act upon them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am compelled to object,
because 1 am instructed by the Committee of
ways and Means to press for the passage of
House bill No. 1744, to strengthen the public
ciedit. A motion to reconsider its reference
is entered, and I propose to call up that motion
and get the bill before the House as soon as
possible.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
I be SPEAK ER. I he gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Pettis] calls upau election case.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
It is embraced in a parliamentary question
which I wish the Speaker to answer. I have
a question of privilege which I think takes pre-
cedence of that which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Pettis] now calls up. I
wish now to get a fair vote on a resolution cen-
suring certain members of this House for neg-
lect of duty, and I ask the Speaker if it does
not take precedence?
The SPEAKER. It will not do so for two
reasons: first, the question brought up by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is the highest
question of privilege, that is, the right of a
member to a seat on this floor; second, the
gentleman from New York cannot call up a
question of privilege unless the Chair recog-
nizes him as entitled to the floor for that pur-
pose. T'here are various questions of privi^
lege pending; there are four election cases to
be decided, the Committee of Elections being
entitled to the floor at any time, and there are
matters in regard to reconstruction, all of
which take precedence of all other motions
except the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ROBINSON. This of mine will affect
seats in this House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman would
consult page 6^ of the Digest he would be able
to ascertain what the rules are in regard to
these questions before he raises them, and
thereby the time of the House might be saved.
LEAVE OK ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted for this even-
ing to Messrs. Van Trdmi>, Knott, Eldridoe,
and Knit it; also to Mr. IIotchkiss for the
remaining evening sessions of this week.
NEW MEMCO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. PET ns, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolutions ;
AVso/uef/, That Hon. Charles P. Clever is not enti-
tled to a seat in the Fortioth Congress as a Delegate
li'om the Teriitoi.v ot1 New Mexico.
ICcxolwd, That Jobn J. Erajiciseo Chaves is enti-
tled to a scat ill the Fortieth Congress as a Delegate
from the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. PETTIS addressed the House. Before
concluding his remarks, the hour of half past
four o'clock having arrived, the House took a
recess till half past seven o'clock p. 111.
EVENING SESSION.
AHMY APVUOl'lttATroN lsILL.
At half past seven o'clock j). m. the House
met in Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Kerry
in the chair,) and pursuant to order resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. It. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the liseal year ending June 80, 1870.
The pending question was on the amendment
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. G.vm'ikld,] Mr. Boyer being
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Chairman, when the
committee rose last night I was about to insti-
tute some comparison between the two propo-
sitions for the reduction of the Army pending
before the committee. A few practical remarks
upon thatpoint will conclude what I have to say
upon this subject. But lirst, it is important
lo understand the parliamentary situation in
which we arc placed. It is a most awkward
circumstance that the bill which lias been re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs
lias been tacked to the Army appropriation
bill as an amendment.
The result, I apprehend, will be that under
the rules there can be no amendments to the
substitute ofl'cied by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. which is an amendment to an
amendment. Consequently, if the bill of the
; gentleman from Massachusetts shall be adopted
as a substitute for the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, there will be no
opportunity to amend the substitute, but we
! must accept it in its entirety. If I should be
! wrong in this statement I trust that some gen-
; tleman better acquainted with parliamentary
j rules will set me right. In that case, if there
should be serious objections to the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, the
House can do nothing else but vote it down,
for it is presented as an entire substitute, and
then trnst to amend the bill reported from the
Military Committee by sections afterward, when
anything that is of merit in the bill presented
by the gentleman from Massachusetts can be
offered by way of amendment to each section
as it happens to come up. There are some
things in the bill of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts which I prefer very much to the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs.
I shall support an amendment to the latter in
the nature of a further reduction, such as is
proposed in the bill of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. Both bills make considerable
reduction in the Army, but the one much more
than the other. There are at present sixty
regiments altogether in the Army of the Uni-
ted States. Of these ten are cavalry, five artil-
lery, and forty-five infantry, including the four
regiments of Veteran Reserves.
The bill reported from the Military Commit-
tee takes away fifteen regiments of infantry,
and leaves the cavalry and the artillery un-
touched ; so that if it goes into operation, it
will reduce the Army to forty-five regiments of
all arms. But the bill presented by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts makes a much greater
reduction, and a reduction which under the
circumstances I do not think too great for a
peace establishment. It leaves six regiments
of cavalry, three regiments of artillery, and
twenty-four regiments of infantry still in the
Army, reducing the whole Army to thirty-three
regiments instead of sixty regiments as now.
This, 1 think, is a great improvement upon the
measure reported by the Military Committee.
I shall, therefore, cheerfully support that as an
amendment to the bill. It will leave the Army
; composed of about twenty-eight thousand men
when reduccd to its minimum and capable of
being expanded by an increase to its full com-
plement to about forty-four or forty-five thou-
sand men.
I approve also of the system of direct, pay-
ments incorporated into the bill of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, doing away with the
old system of commutation for rations alto-
gether. I am not quite sure that the pay for
officers of the Army proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts is quite sufficient. I am
not sure that I should not be willing to support
an increase, for true economy does not insist
upon inadequate pay to any public servant,
but demands that we should give to him that
which is amply sufficient to support him in the
position in which we place him. Both bills
abolish the present system of brevets, which
has bccome the scandal of the Army, and meets
with the condemnation of every military man
whom I have ever heard express an opinion
upon the subject.
I think that, taken as a whole, the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
presents the best general plan for a reduction
of the Army. I think that there are serious
objections to the bill of the gentleman from
Massachusetts as a practical measure ; and if
it were to receive the sanction of this House
as it stands, it would inevitably be defeated in
the Senate.
I object, in the first place, to the bill of the
gentleman from Massachusetts because it pro-
poses to turn none but white men out of the
Army. It carefully provides that the negro
regiments shall remain untouched.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no;
half of them are to go out.
Mr. BOYER. I was under the impression
that it provided for retaining the same number
of negro regiments as are now in the Army.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Half the
number.
Mr. BOYER. Then I am glad to be cor-
rected by the gentleman in that particular. As
a measure of retrenchment, however, I think
it is also defective in providing that there shall
be no proportionate reduction of the Veteran
Reserve corps. His bill proposes to take but
a single regiment from the four regiments of
