382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
knocked to pieees, as I understood him to say,
by the guns in the hands of our troops, and as
I understood him, by the command of the Pres-
ident of the United States. He says that has
not been paid for. He points us to some other
cases, and he wants to know why Mr. Lay and
others are not paid. . I will tell the honorable
Senator candidly that I do not know why they
are not paid ; but in view of the objections that
are urged here I submit to him and to the Sen-
ate if it be not a fair conclusion to come to that
whenever their claims are presented to the
quartermaster or other department somebody
as well informed as my friend has said to the
head of the Department, "Do not pay this at
present; Miss Murphey has not been paid yet.''
Would it not be as good a reason for the quar-
termaster refusing payment to Mr. Lay that
Miss Murphey had not been paid, as for us to
refuse payment to Miss Murphey because Mr.
Lay has not been paid ?
Mr. President, the Senator from Michigan
{Mr. Howard] has repeatedly, or at least
more than once, urged his objections to the
payment of this claim. He has told us, over
andover again, that there isno principle known
in the science of government which requires a
Government to protect its citizens against the
destruction of property in war. So stated, I do
not controvert it. We are not asking for any
such protection as that. The Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Williams] reiterated that statement,
and replied to that doctrine as if it were the
doctrine upon which this bill stands, as if it
were the doctrine for which I had contended.
But I had, over and over again, said to the Sen-
ate that I insisted upon no such doctrine. I do
not stand upon the idea that the Government
is bound to protect its citizens against all spoli-
ation and all loss in time of war; but when the
Government inflicts the loss, when the Gov-
ernment imposes the spoliation, it is no answer
to turn round and say, "The Government does
not undertake to indemnify and to protect its
citizens." That plea was overruled long ago.
That plea was interposed to the first case we
have on record. When Cain was arraigned
for the murder of his brother he met it with
just such an objection. Said he, "Am I my
my brother's keeper?" And when Miss Mur-
phey comes here and asks the Government to
pay her for property which the Government has
taken tbe representatives of the Government
stand up and say, " Is the Government bound
to take care of Miss Murphey's propertyV"
The Almighty demurred to the plea of Cain,
and the demurrer was sustained. . It has not
beeu tried since until this case came up. The
Almighty was of the opinion that Cain was the
keeper of his brother to the extent that he
Must keep his hands off. It is my deliberate
judgment that the Government is the keeper
of the property of all its liege subjects to the
extent that it shall keep its hands off from the
property, or taking it shall make compensa-
tion for it.
The Senatorfrom Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] I
think, struck a, new theory into the soul of the
Senate by telling us that we must not assume
any such obligation as this bill imposes upon
us ; we must not undertake to discriminate be-
tween loyal and disloyal down South, because
we do not know enough to do it; we cannot
determine one from the other. It is really im-
possible and impracticable, says the Senator
from Nevada; and therefore—what? Conclude
that they are all disloyal; treat them all on the
footing of enemies. It is the simplest rule of
government 1 have heard of in my life. So,
then, murder is sometimes very difficult to de-
tect ; why not adopt the rule suggested to us
by the Senator from Nevada, and when we find
a murder committed in some district, instead
of charging the officers of government with the
duty of ascertaining who the man was that
committed the murder, let the executive of the
government place the inhabitants of some dis-
trict in which the murder was committed, of
certain limits, all under the ban of murder and
hang them all ? The doctrine stands upon pre-
cisely the same reason. You will not pay a
loyal subject of the Government, because if
you consent to pay a loyal subject of the Gov-
ernment there is some danger that you will by-
and-by get fooled, and pay somebody who was
not loyal.
And the other day the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumxer] even, who, if he were
as full of learning as he is replete with reading,
I think really would suffice for a Congress
himself, employed his gorgeous rhetoric here,
not to make the Senate the palladium of the
citizens' rights and safety; on the contrary,
with a hostility almost vandaiic, you saw him
fling the image of Pallas from the boundaries
of the Capitol and invoke the nation to become
the spoliator of its liege subjects and citizens.
Mr. President, others have appeared here
in opposition to this bill, denouncing it in the
name and by the authority of that rule of in-
ternational justice which they say is violated
by the exactions of this bill. One might be
deterred from meeting this array of authcrrity ;
and yet I propose to meet it as well as I can ;
and I ask the Senate in all soberness what is
tj^'is claim which has thus been battled, fore and
Jfft? It is a request that the nation will pay
Tor a piece of property taken by its authority
and for its use, and applied to the occupation
of an army and to the building of a fort. That
the use made of the property is a beneficial
one, that the kind of property taken is such as
all law recognizes to be property and to be
compensated for, nobody doubts, nobody de-
nies. My colleague read the express words
of Vattel; nay, everybody concedes that if
such property was taken for such purposes
elsewhere or from other persons it should
be paid for. If the character of the prop-
erty is such as that it should be paid for, and
if the use made of it is such as to call
upon the Government to make compensation,
then there must be something in the character
of the claimant or in the conduct of the claim-
ant which should prevent payment. Now,
who is the claimant? A citizen of the United
States ; a subject of the United States, own-
ing allegiance to the Government of the United
States, paying allegiance to the Government
of the United States. So the case finds. This
is the hypothesis upon which the case has been
supported so far. I wish to say right here that
upon this latter allegation as to whether this
individual has paid due allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, I have been led
to doubt by information which has been laid
before the Senate since this debate opened.
Upon that question I desire to be further in-
formed. A motion has been offered here to
recommit this bill to the Committee on Claims
for a further examination upon that point.- To
that disposition of the bill I have no sort of
objection, and indeed I am in favor of it; but
so far the bill has been disputed upon the
hypothesis that the claimant was loyal and did
pay that allegiance which every subject owes
to the Government which is over him. Then
I say the claimant is a citizen and a subject of
the United States, and a loyal subject of the
United States. Then why should she not be
paid ? Why, we are told there was a war pend-
ing; "a civil war," says the Senatorfrom New
York, [Mr. Conklisg ;] "a flagrant war,"
says the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. How-
ard.] Yes, Mr. President, that is a fact.
There was pending acivil, flagrant, double and
twisted war, if you please. What then? Inter
arma silent leges, says the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Feelinghuysex.] So then there
was "chaos come again." The felonious
taking of property was no longer larceny, for
there was no law defining larceny. The forci-
ble taking of property was no longer robbery,
because there was no law defining robbery.
The taking of human life with malice afore-
thought was no longer murder—there was no
law defining murder—the laws were silent.
Who told the Senator from New Jersey that
in the midst of arms the laws are silent? Why,
Marcius Tullius Cicero told him. For what
purpose—upon what occasion did he avow that
doctrine 1 There was an election pending for
the consulship, and his friend Milo was a can-
didate, and Claudius was an opponent of his ;
and we are told that the feeling around there was
high, as is sometimes the case in elections else-
where than Rome; and on the eve of the election
Milo and Claudius met, they say, on the Appian
Way—I wish we had the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] to tell this story, [laugh-
ter]—with their followers, and a collision
ensued, and Claudius was slain, and Milo was
put upon his trial for the murder of Claudius,
and Cicero defended him. Against Milo the
stern precept of the Roman law was thun-
dered, " He who takes a human life is not fit
to live." Cicero said that Claudius lay in wait
for Milo, and that Milo took his life in self-
defense ; but the Roman law knew of no such
defense ; its precept was general and universal,
as is the law with almost all barbarian nations :
"He who takes a human life is not fit to
live." That is so, said Cicero; that is the
law, said Cicero; but in the midst of arms
the laws are silent, said he. What lawyer
since Coke's time would have ever urged any
such defense of Milo upon the facts, as Cicero
stated them, as he did urge? Upon Cicero's
version of the facts the law was not silent, but
the law commanded Milo to defend himself
even at the sacrifice of the life of his assailant.
There is no principle of law better understood,
no one principle, perhaps, more frequently
applied than that. Cicero, unfortunately, had
not heard of it; unfortunately I say for his
reputation if he were to enter upon practice in
our courts at this time; and yet he left quite
a reputation behind him in spite of his not
having been made acquainted with this prin-
ciple ; and I asi told left quite a little prop-
erty which he had accumulated in the practice
of his profession.
I am not here to deny that Cicero was a man
of very respectable parts. I am here to deny
the proposition which he laid down on that
occasion. Our faith requires us to believe that
the sun and the moon stood still while Joshua
thrashed the Amorites, but my faith will not
enable me to believe that the laws were sus-
pended while Milo and Claudius had a street
fight. It was no war; it was a mere election
Broil.
Mr. President, that sophism so uttered in
the very cradle of jurisprudence, set to the
music of Cicero's oratory, has survived to our
time; and now, two thousand years after it was
uttered, it is made a stalking-horse to bring
into the American Senate a rule of national
conduct which dissolves the relation of sover-
eign and subject, which confounds all distinction
between guilt and innocence, which denounces
against loyalty the penalties that are due to
treason, and which resolves the Government
of this model Republic into that odious thing
which no monarchy has dared to be since King
John met his barons at Runnymede, a common
marauder and a mere snatcher of purses.
Mr. President, I say the great Roman advo-
cate uttered an untruth; and I call upon the
Senator from New Jersey, not one whit behind
him in the graces of the orator, not to help
perpetuate that falsehood, but to help bury
it. The laws are never silent. High above
the roar of the cannon at Gettysburg'and An-
tietam, above the whirl of Sheridan's cavalry
as they swept up the valley of the Shenandoah,
everywhere_ and always resounds the supreme
law, the voice of the civil State always com-
manding what is right, and prohibiting what
is wrong, and every loyal man hearkens to ami
obeys it. _ For different purposes the State pre-
scribes different forms of procedure. A defi-
cient fence is provided for by one; the title to
property is tried by another; criminal tiials
are conducted by another; commerce is regu-
lated by another law of procedure; and armies
are marshaled by yet another. The healthful
ministers of peace are guided by one codc;
the hellful agencies of war are controlled by
another; but the State prescribes them both,
and one or the other is always supreme.
And now, Mr. President, I ask if this war
did not hush the voice of law, how is this bill
