AWEtSDIX m THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLQBE,
[February
Senate.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. SauUbury.
40th Cong .... 8d Sess.
proof that the distribution was ordered by
Hindman, and if it was it does not alter the
faet that the Choctaws really took and had the
benefit of Major Heald's cotton without pay-
ing for it. The facts previously stated as to
the mill property were fully established before
tile commissioners, the only opposing evidence
offered being that a certain part of the prop-
erty, now in possession of the quartermaster's
department, hadaetually been restored to Major
Heald, (which was shown to be untrue,) at Fort
Smith, by the person who then held it for the
quartermaster. After hearing all the testimony
offered by the Choctaw attorneys at Fort Smith
the case was again closed, as the claimant
thought finally. But it was opened once more
lit Boggy Depot in the Choctaw nation, to admit
testimony showing that the money paid by Wil-
liams for the drait on Lehman was used in aid
of the rebellion, which was effectually dis-
proved, not only by Williams himself, but also
by Folsom and Battice, who had shown con-
clusively that the whole amount went to pay
Choctaw national debts incurred before the war.
During all these attacks at Fort Smith, at
Boggy Depot, and in this city, it is to be noted
that not one syllable is said against the justice
of Mr. Heald's accounts against individuals or
for advances to the Choctaw treasurer, though
one of the attorneys who appeared against him
at tort Smith, Campbell Le Flore, as secre-
tary to the delegation at Washington, had ex-
amined every figure and was familiar with every
name. Another attorney, John M. Nail, was
the auditor upon whose drafts the advances to
the treasurer were made. And still another
attorney, Tandy Walker, lived in sight of Mr.
Heald's storehouse, knew all about his business,
and was the identical rebel officer who had
seized his mills.
It is also to be noted that no allegation has
been made affecting Mr. Heald's integrity.
Folsom and Battice do, indeed, in sweeping
terms denounce the claims of Heald and Wright
as unjust, illegal, and fraudulent, but they do
not point to a single act of either Heald or
Wright, or to a single item in their accounts, as
fraudulent in its character. They say that
fraudulent means were used in the matter of
the protested draftj not, however, by or in be-
half of Heald, but in effecting the sale to John-
son, by which Heald was fraudulently prevented
from getting his money. And it should be borne
in mind that the delegates who first agreed to
pay these claims have uniformly insisted npon
the correctness of their course, and that the
nation was bound in good faith to complv with
their engagements. One of them, Allen Wright,
has since been elected principal chief, which
ofiice he now holds. Two of the others have
since the treaty been elected to the council of
which they are now members. Moreover, the
late chief, who witnessed the treaty and is now
a delegate representing the Choctaws in this
city, has never taken any part against the pay-
ment of the Heald and Wright claims, but on
the contrary united with his codelegate, Israel
rolsom, m requesting the Secretary of the In-
terior to provide for their payment. In a word,
the only ^ opposition to these claims comes
from parties who are to receive one half of all
they can save by reducing the payments of
Jieala^ ana W ngut below the awards of the
commissioners.
No attack has been made upon the items
composing Mr. Wright's claim, which was ex-
amined and admitted by the delegates after
Mr. Cooley had made provision for it in the
treaty. The only charge now made against him
affects his loyalty. It is specifically alleged
that he furnished supplies to the company of
David Harkins, a Choctaw captain in the rebel
service. But it appears that Harkins was in-
dicted, with his brothers Clay and Loring Har-
kins and three others, in the United States
district court before the war, for murdering in
the most brutal manner a white man living a
•few miles from Mr. Wright's store. The par-
ties only escaped banging by obtaining from
President Buchanan an order for a nolle pro-
sequi based upon a certain construction of the
treaty of 1855 touching thej urisdiction of the
United States courts in such cases. The same
band during the war butchered a boy on
Wright's premises inside of his store-yard.
They had frequently threatened to kill Wright
himself, and a material point in his case grew
out of the manner in which he had been treated
by Harkins; and it is a fair inference that it
was to avoid any discussion in the Senate of
such facts and of the killing of a freedman left
in charge of Wright's cattle in the Choctaw
country that the Choctaw delegates so readily
agreed to pay Wright's claims.
I have thus plainly stated, Mr. Speaker, the
material facts in this ease. There can be no
reasonable doubt but what the sum of $90,000
is justly due to Heald and Wright from the
Choctaw nation. There is no question but
what the late treaty specifically provides for the
payment of this sum; and in full view of all
the facts and after a protracted and laborious
examination of the whole subject, I do not hesi-
tate to say that the appearance of Folsom and
Baittice as the attorneys of the Choctaws and
under agreement that they are to receive one
half of the money due Heald and Wright if
they can defeat its payment before a committee
of this House is utterly undefensible, shame-
less, and dishonest, and ought to be rebuked by
the prompt action of Congress in the passage
of the resolution reported by the committee.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. W. SAULSBURY,
of delaware,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 8, 1869.
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution (H. R.No. 402) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States-
Mr. SAULSBURY said :
Mr. President: In approaching the discus-
sion of this question I feel embarrassed by the
importance and magnitude of the subject. It
is presented by its friends in the name of and
as a proposed amendment to the Constitution
of the United States. It is no such thing within
the proper meaning of the term "amendment"
as used in the Constitution. It is a change, an
alteration of the Constitution of the United
States. It is more: it is a subversion of the
Constitution and Government of the United
States, and it is a subversion of the constitu-
tions and governments of all the States com-
posing the Federal Union. It is revolutionary
in 'Js character. It is such a subversion of
the Constitution and Government of the Uni-
ted States, and of the constitutions" and gov-
ernments of the States as, if proposed by two
thirds of Congress and ratified by three fourths
of the States, will have no valid obligatory force
npon any State of this Union which refuses to
ratify it.
Sir, in considering a proposed amendment to
the Constitution of the United States in refer-
ence to any matter whatever, however compara-
tively unimportant, it is necessary and proper
that its consideration should be approached
with great wisdom and caution. The example
of the framers of the Constitution should be
imitated by us; we should gather wisdom and
instruction from that example. The men who
■trained that instrumentwere great men, learned
men, learned m all the learning of the past,
rhey knew the history of the rise, decline; and
J j A many Goyernments which had pre-
ceded them ; ana they assembled for the pur-
pose of forming a Government by which civil
liberty regulated by law should be for all time
secured to them and their posterity. They had
been subjects residing in separate colonies
dependent upon a foreign Power. They had
achieved their independence of that foreign
Power while united under Articles of Confed-
eration for the common benefit of all of thera.
•And here, sir, I will remark that such was the
love of the framers of the Constitution for the
independence of their separate and distinct
communities or States, that in those Articles of
Confederation they secured, as they supposed
forever, to. themselves all the principles of in-
dependent government which have <sver been
claimed by any wise legislator as embodied in
the doctrine of State rights. That confedera-
tion, by the very terms of its articles, was to be
a perpetual confederation or union; and to show
that the rights of these distinct communities
or States were not to be subject to the absolute
control of Congress under them, I will cite the
second of these articles. State rights, if they
had not their origin in the Articles of Confed-
eration, were secured by the Articles of Confed-
eration ; and he who now derides and scoffs at
the doctrine of State rights is ignorant of the
history of his country or willfully perverts the
theory of this Government from its earliest
foundation. Article two of the Articles of Con-
federation reads:
_ '' Each State retains its sovereignty, freedom, and
independence, and every power, jurisdiction and
right which is not by this confederation expressly
delegated to the United States in Congress assem-
bled."
This was the doctrine held by the fathers in
theyear 1777, when these articles were entered
into. Having achieved their independence and
having lived some ten or eleven years under
these Articles of Confederation and enjoyed
their benefits, but finding that they were not
adequate to all the emergencies of the States
respectively or of the States united, these wise
men, these great men, these giants in intellect,
in learning and in wisdom, in comparison to
whom the legislators and the public men of the
present day are but" pigmies perched on Alps,"
met in convention, and how did they meet?
Did they go there at the bidding of some great,
central, consolidated power, to receive its com-
mands and to execute its behests? No, sir;
they went as embassadors from sovereign, in-
dependent States. They went with power dele-
gated from political communities who exercised
sovereign rights, who had secured by the Arti-
cles of Confederation that sovereignty to them-
selves and their posterity forever. Where was
the man then in any State who scoffed at the
doctrine of State rights? Where was the man
so bold as in the face of the community in which
he lived to say that his State was not a sov-
ereign State, that his State was not an inde-
pendent State ? Where was the man then who
said that it was in the power of any association
of States, either under the Articles of Confeder-
ation under which they lived or under any form
of government that might be proposed which
would meet with general favor, to deprive the
States of this sovereignty and independence ?
What, sir, did thesa great men do? But,
perhaps, I am presumptuous in my utterances
in view of the vast learning of the present day;
this progressive age, when political science is
learned from newspapers and lectures, when
the teachings of the fathers have almost ceased
to be studied, and when it is the boast of the
mere politician to say that such a Constitution
as was framed by the fathers and such princi-
ples of government as were recognized by them
to be salutary and wise would do for them, but
that we live in a new era, in a progressive age,
that we have learned something, that the world
has become more enlightened, and that the
legislators and so-called statesmen of the pres-
ent day carry heads as the special depositories
of ali that is wise in the science of government
and every other science 1 Sir, they assembled ;
and did they act hastily, rashly, when they met
to propose changes and alterations in the exist-
ing Articles of Confederation or to establish a
new Constitution; did they agree upon such Con-
stitution hastily; did they say that its wisdom
was so manifest, so plain, that it commended
