;384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
United States Lad broken out within the States
of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida,
Mississippi," &c., goes on to say:
" Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President
of the United States, in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress approved July 13,1361. do hereby declare that
the inhabitants of the said States of Georgia, South
Carolina, Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi, and
Florida, (except"—
Naming these States first, and then excepting
and reserving—
"the inhabitant, of that part of the State of Vir-
ginia lying west of the Alleghany mountains, and
of such other x>arts of that State and the other States
hereinbefore named as may maintain a loyal adhe-
sion to the Union and the Constitution, or may be
from time to time occupied and controlled by forces
of the United States engaged in the dispersion of
said insurgents, are in a state of insurrection against
the United States."
And he then goes on to interdict all trade
between the inhabitants of the friendly terri-
tory and the inhabitants of the hostile territory
described and bounded in that proclamation;
and from those boundaries are excluded in
express terms certain portions of Virginia
and every portion of the United States, where
ever it may be, which maintained a loyal ad-
herence to our Government, or which was, or
might be thereafter, occupied by our forces.
Sir, it is not enough for those who contend
that Decatur, Alabama, was enemy's territory
in 1884 to show that Decatur is in Alabama,
and that Alabama is named in the proclama-
tions of the President as one of the States
within which an insurrection had broken out.
They must show that it is not a part of those
'States which was occupied by our forces.
But, Mr. President, if the proclamation did
not make Decatur enemy's territory we are
told that the Supreme Court did in the prize
cases; or if they did not make it so, they de-
cided that it was such. Either the Senators
who assert that have misread or misunder-
stood the judgment of the Supreme Court in
the prize cases, or I have strangely misunder-
stood it. I assert here that so far from hold-
ing that Decatur was enemy's territory, the
language which they used in those celebrated
cases expressly excludes Decatur from enemy's
territory. The particular locality withiu the
insurrectionary districts about which they were
inquiring, and to which their judgment ap-
plied, was Richmond in Virginia, the capital,
the political metropolis of the rebellion, the
headquarters of the rebellion, the seat of its
principal army always. They said that was
enemy's territory. But did they say that it
was enemy's territory because of the Presi-
dent's proclamation ? By no manner of means.
The President's proclamation had nothing to
do with making it enemy's territory. The
enemy made it their territory, and made it
their territory by occupying it, by possessing
it. At one time they made Decatur enemy's
territory, but it was no longer enemy's terri-
tory ; it was not enemy's territory in March,
1864._ Do I misunderstand the effect of this
decision ? The court say:
Several of these States have combined to form a
new confederacy, claiming to be acknowledged by
the world as a sovereign State. Their right to do so
is now being decided by wager of battle. The ports
and territory of each of these States aro held in hos-
tility to the General Government. It is no loose
unorganized insurrection, having no defined bound-
aryor possession."
That is almost the language used by the
Senator from Michigan, and in using that lan-
guage he is supported by the Supreme Court.
"It has a boundary marked ''—
How ? By the description in the President's
proclamation? By the description contained
in any statute? No, sir—
"marked by lines of bayonets"—
That is a visible line—
" ®n<1. Which can bo crossed only by force. South of
this line is eneinys territory"—
Why?
"because it is claimed and held in possession by an
organized hostile and belligerent Power."
Not because it is named in the President's
proclamation at all. Decatur was not south
of that line of bayouels; Decatur was north of
it. Trade between Decatur and New York,
the commercial metropolis of the nation, was
as free as between New York and Albany ; but
trade between either Decatur or New York,
and any point south of that line of bayonets,
which the court says traces the boundary be-
tween enemy's and friendly territory, was pur-
sued under great difficulties.
To corroborate my interpretation of this de-
cision of the Supreme Court, by way of exclud-
ing the idea that that language is misunder-
stood by me, or can be misunderstood by any-
body looking at it reasonably, I beg leave to
read an extract from a letter published by Mr.
Richard H. Dana, a lawyer of national repu-
tation, who was of counsel in the prize eases,
and a letter written for the purpose of explain-
ing, or popularizing rather, really what was
and what was not decided by the prize eases.
I remember to have heard the late President
of the United States say of that letter that
until he read it he did not himself accurately
understand what was the true scope and mean-
ing of the judgment of the court in the prize
cases. The letter is not long, but I will only
read a few extracts from it. He undertakes
to reduce to a series of propositions both
what the court did not decide and what the
court did decide. He says :
" What the court did not decide:
" 1. The court did not decide that the passing of
the ordinances of secession made the territory of the
insurgent States enemy's territory, or its inhabitants
alien enemies.
"2. The court did not decide that the passing of the
secession ordinances terminated, or in any way af-
fected, the legal relations of the insurgent States as
bodies-politic with the General Government or with
their respective States.
"3. The court decided absolutely nothing as to
the olfect of the passing of the secession ordinances
on the civil or political relations of the inhabitants
of the insurgent States with the General Government
or with their respective States, or on the relations of
the insurgent States, as bodies-politic, with the Gen-
eral Government.
"4. The court did notdecide that the inhabitants of
the seceding States are alien enemies at all, or that
the territory of those States is enemy's territory.
What the court did decide:
"X. That in case of domestic war the Government
of the United States may, at its option, use the pow-
ers and rights known to the international laws of
war as blockade and capture of enemy's property at
sea.
"2. That to determine whether property found at
sea is ' enemy's property,' within the meaning of the
law of prize, the same tests may be applied in do-
mestic as in international wars.
"3. One of those tests is that the owner of the prop-
erty so found has his domicile and residence in a
place of which the enemy has a certain kind and
degree of possession.
"4. Richmond, Virginia, was, at the time of the
capture and condemnation of those vessels, under
such possession and control of an organized, hostile,
belligerent power ns to render it indisputably' ene-
my's territory'within the strictest definitions known
to the laws of war."
That is Mr. Dana's understanding of it;
and that this is the true understanding of it
will be apparent to any lawyer who considers
the reason of the rule that property may be
captured at will within enemy's territory. The
rule is because it is general; you can capture
property there which is owned by your friends
as well as that which is owned by your ene-
mies. The reason is not because the owner
of the property has subjected himself to any
penalties, but because the property itself is
guilty, so to speak ; it is because the property
is in that predicament that it is liable to con-
tribute to the resources of the enemy. It is
liable _to_ do that only where it is within the
jurisdiction of the enemy ; only while it is in
a locality of which the enemy has possession
and has control, in the language of the court
and in the language of Mr. Dana. Decatur
was no such place. When this property was
taken the enemy had no control over Decatur,
and from that time to this, and I humbly hope,
if this Government continues that example of
justice which it has heretofore shown, it never
will again be under the control of any enemy
of the United States.
But, Mr. President, if it were enemy's terri-
tory, I have said, the sovereign might capture
property on land or on the sea within that ter-
ritory at Decatur. But should the sovereign
do it? Because the laws of war would permit
it; because Bynkershoek says it may be done,
does it follow that th$ sovereign should do it
or would do it? Without permission of the
sovereign, says Chief Justice Marshall, it can-
not be done; no subordinate can do it. Should
the sovereign give permission? As to the
effect of giving such permission or as to the
probability of such permission being given by
this Government we have a little evidence.
Mr. Halleck says:
"In the invasion of the Spanish peninsula, Napo-
leon had to choose between methodical operations,
with provisions carried in the train of his army or
purchased of the inhabitants and regularly paid for,
and irregular warfare, supplying his troop* by forced
requisitions and pillage. The former was adopted
for some of the main armies, moving on prescribed
lines, and the latter for the more active masses.
Soult and Suchet, in favorable parts of the country,
succeeded for a considerable length of time in pro-
curing regular supplies for their armies, but most of
the French generals obtained subsistence for their
troops mainly by pillage. Napoleon, at St. Helena,
attributed most of his disasters to the animosities
thus created among the Spanish people."—IlaUeck's
International Law and Lawn of War, p. 459.
But you see Napoleon did not exert the
rights which the laws of war vested in him,
according to the authority I have read; which
the laws of war vested in him according to the
authority as it is given by the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from Michigan.
He did not go within a summer's march of
those rights. He did supply the outlying
flanks of his army in this irregular way, but
the main lines were supplied by regular trains
and regular purchases, and were in a country
which was foreign and alien to that which he
represented. Spain was a foreign country.
All its inhabitants were his enemies, bound by
their allegiance to their own Government to
be the enemies of France. He was in that
country; and yet so far from asserting this
extreme doctrine of the laws of war, that all
that territory was his and all that property
belonged to him as the conqueror, he only
consented, and that as a measure of military
necessity, to supply a portion of his army by
these forced contributions.
General Scott was charged with the conduct
of a war also upon enemy's territory, in an
enemy's country, in Mexico. At first, as I
said to the Senate the other day, he issued
strict orders that not an article of food should
be taken without just payment. Finally, and
near the close of the -struggle, under instruc-
tions from our Secretary of State, he did de-
part from that practice to some extent and did
levy contributions upon fee country in which
he was prosecuting war, contributions as a
compensation for the protection he furnished
by his forces to the people and to the balance
of the property in the country. But neither
General Scott nor ahy other general who has
been charged with the conduct of war at home
or abroad has ever asserted the doctrine, or
attempted to practice upon the doctrine which
has been asserted over and over again here in
the Senate in this debate, that all the property
of the conquered country belonged to the con-
queror ; that private rights were blotted out
forever.
I say then, Mr. President, in the light of
the experience detailed to us by Napoleon and
of the advice given by General Scott, as well
as in accordance with the judgments of the
bestjurists and the best writers on international
law of modern times, that the Government of
the United States would not have asserted the
right to capture any property of friends within
Decatur if Decatur had been south of the line
of bayonets. My judgment is that the Govern-
ment of the United States never would have
deliberately decided to venture upon the right
of capturing the property of friends, although
it was within enemy's territory.
But I am not left to conjecture on this point.
We_ know exactly what the Government did
decide upon. They considered it, and they put
their decision on the statute-book. I will read
it to you. It was arrived at not without a long
and somewhat heated debate. There wei c two
questions whict were in debate. What do you
suppose they were, Mr. President? How much
