1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1337
the proposition offered by me is simply sub-
stituted for the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, which has not yet been adopted,
■will it not then stand as his amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts by the committee makes it their own, and
it cannot then be changed except by addition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
amendment I have offered be substituted for
the one of the committee, then it stands in the
same position the committee's now does.
The CHAIRMAN. If the committee adopt
the substitute of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in its present form it cannot be changed
except by addition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my substitute for the present so we may
have a vote on the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio. If that is voted down I can
then have a vote on ray proposition.
Mr. DODGE. I move the following substi-
tute for the amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows:
That after March 4,1869, the President of the Uni-
ted States is authorized to make the followingreduc-
tion and consolidation in the Army, as the benefit of
the service may require:
The consolidation of the regiments of infantry to
thirty.
Tlio consolidation of the artillery corps and ord-
nance department.
The consolidation of the quartermasters', subsist-
ence, aDd pay departments, and such reduction in the
other staff departments as the reduced strength of the
Army may require.
iNo appointments shall be made in any grade until
tue number of surplus officers in that grade is reduced
to the Dumber of officers required by the consolida-
tion and reduction herein authorized; and any offi-
cer who may resign his commission in the Army prior
to the 1st day of January, 1870, shall be entitled to
receive six months additional pay proper.
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Chairman, this differs
from the proposition ofthegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in getting at the reduction in a dif-
ferent way. In my judgment it will reduce the
expenses of the Army more rapidly. It also
differs in leaving the offices of General and
Lieutenant General standing. I am not pre-
pared to agree, if there is a vacancy, that we
shall say to General Sherman, General Sheri-
dan, General Thomas, or any of the generals
who have served so long and so well, that they
are nor, entitled to promotion. I do not be-
lieve this House or the country is ready to say
it. If the office was not about to become
vacant I do not know but it would be all right,
but when it is known that the vacancy is to
take place it will be considered as a personal
strike at the officers I have referred to.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, the next President
is best able to judge what reduction is needed
in the Army. We have an Indian war in the
Southwest, and in the Northwest there is one
threatened. I think as soon as the grass grows
the northern Cheyennesand Sioux will pour
down into the Kansas valley and the Platte
valley, and if we reduce the Army as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and the gentleman
from Ohio propose we shall have then to call
out two, four, or six regiments of volunteers,
which will increase our expenditures to four
times what they are now. But I do not desire
to discuss this question at any length.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman let me
ask hiin a question?
Mr. DODGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BOYER. I ask the gentleman whether
his amendment does not leave it entirely dis-
cretionary with the President whether there
t-lia.ll he any reduction in the Army or not;
and if the President thinks there should not,
whether there will be any reduction in the
Army at all?
Mr. DODGE. I say emphatically that it
does. That is where I want to leave it. The
Army has been reduced this Congress to thirty-
eight thousand five hundred and seventy-five
men, and if it goes on at the same rate by
Jamiary next it will be reduced to twenty-two
thousand and ninety-eight men. I think there
will be enough of resignations so that when
the Army is brought down to the proposed
reduction there will be no surplus officers, and
we will have to muster none out.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a blank to be
filled in the amendment.
Mr. DODGE. I will fill it by inserting the
word "six," making it "six months."
Mr. BLAINE. Of the three propositions
before the committee—though that of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is not jnst now
before it—I would rather vote for that moved
by the gentleman from Iowa; not that I might
not prefer upon analysis the features of that of
the gentleman from Massachusetts or that of
the gentleman from Ohio, but I think at this
last stage of the session it will be absolutely
impracticable to get through anything in this
bill which goes so elaborately into detail as
either of those propositions that have been
discussed here. I hold a proposition in my
hand which, so far as consulting the views of
the General of the Army goes, had his approval
in effect last year. I have altered it, taking
out the feature which last year incurred the
hostility of the House and secured its defeat.
It is quite brief; it is as short as that of the
gentleman from Iowa, and I believe it is not
subject to some objections which have obtained
against the consolidation of corps, which has
been bitterly resisted, and will, if adopted,
probably lead to defeat in the other eud of the
Capitol. My amendment, which will be offered
in case that of the gentleman from Iowa is
rejected, is asfollows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That until the
military force is reduced to twenty regiments of In-
fantry, five regiments of cavalry, and five regiments
of artillery, no new commissions shall be issued in
any regiment; and the Secretary of War is hereby
directed to consolidate regiments as rapidly as the
req uirements of the public service and the reduction
of the number of officers will permit until the afore-
named minimum is reached.
■ Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That., until other-
wise directed by law, there shall be no new appoint-
ments and no promotions in the adjutant general's
department, in the inspector general's department,
in the pay department, in the quartermaster's de-
partment, in the commissary department, in the
ordnance department, or in the medical department.
Now, that will leave subject to future legis-
lation, just exactly what you propose to do
here. It neither prejudices the proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts nor that of
the gentleman from Ohio, but sets in opera-
tion now, without touching any of these dis-
puted points, a system of reduction which will
be made as rapidly as the interest of the ser-
vice will allow; and it leaves the whole sub-
ject within the control of Congress either at
the session in 'March or at the regular session
in December next. I believe that is as far as
it is practicable to go at this session, so near
its close. If we attempt too much we will
probably end as people generally do, by accom-
plishing nothing at all. If the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa be rejected I shall
offer this as a substitute for that of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. BUTLER-, of Massachusetts. I wish to
amend the proposition of the gentleman from
Iowa by striking out the last word.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. Ten
minutes debate has been had upon the propo-
sition, and debate is closed. The question is
upon the adoption of the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. How are we to vote 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot in-
struct gentlemen how to vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are we to vote on
the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio as
an entirety?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa offers his proposition as a substitute for
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move to
amend.
The CHAIRMAN. That would bean amend-
1 ment in the third degree.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not proper first
io perfect the original amendment before we
vote on the substitute?
• The CHAIRMAN. It is not as a substitute,
but as an amendment that it is offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTS. Then each proposi-
tion has to be voted upon as a whole.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Dodge, there were—ayes 56, noes 40;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dodge
and Gakfield were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer the following as
an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted. That after Au-
gust 20,1869, the monthly pay of non-com missioned
officers and privates in the Army shall be as follows:
infantry, artillery, and cavalry—sergeant major, $24;
quartermaster sergeant, $24; first sergeant, $22; ser-
geants, $18; corporals, $15; privates, $13; chief bu-
glers of cavalry, 822; buglers of cavalry, $13; prin-
cipal musicians, $22; farriers and blacksmiths, $16;
ordnance and engineers—sergeants, $34; corporals,
$20; privates, first Class, $17; privates, second elass,
$13; leader of band, $75; musicians, $13; hospital
steward, first class, 830; hospital steward, second
class, 825; hospital steward, third class, $22; artificer
of artillery, $16.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a point of order,
and I do it because I am pressed on all hands
about the delay arising from the discussion of
this bill, for none of which I am answerable, and
I do not want that delay to extend beyond what
is absolutely necessary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is not
stating a point of order.
Mr. BLAINE. I will do so. My point of
order is that the Committee on Military Affairs
had no leave to bring in any amendment to this
bill in the way of general legislation except for
the reduction of the Army, and this proposition
relating to the pay of the Army is not in order
as an amendment to an appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not always in
order to direct how an appropriation shall be
applied ?
Mr. BLAINE. It does not do that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes, it does.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustaius the
; point of order'raised by the gentleman from
1 Maine. The amendment is not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to move to strike out the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] together
with the last paragraph preceding it in the bill,
and I offer instead of it the amendmeut which
I withdrew some time since.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will observe
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that the
last paragraph precedingthe amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa is not before the com-
mittee, and the committee have adopted the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa. If
the gentleman from Massachusetts desires to
offer his amendment as an addition to the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa which
has been adopted the Chair will entertain it.
i Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. lameon-
! ten t with that; and now I propose to speak five
i minutes.
; The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands,
■ then, that the gentleman moves his amendment
| as an addition to what has been already adopted
i by the committee.
I . Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
! the amendment proposed by the gentleman
; from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] meets with this objec-
i tion on my  art: although I voted for it, 1 am
j frank to say, in order to get rid of the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Military
j1 Affairs, which I thought much worse, that it
! provides for no reduction whatever—not any ;
i, and it does what I think the Representatives of
|i the people of this country ought to be slow to
; set the precedent of doing, gives up their right
: to reduce the Army into the hands of one man.
i We have got a good man,now. but precedents
I are set in good times forbad times. You give
I up the entire control of the reduction of the
Army. Now. then, it has been oaid ou this
j floor over and over again that the General of
! the Army does not desire any reduction. 1 hen,
