1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
161
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Saulsbury.
Senate.
abolish slavery throughout the United States,
which you said was all right and a legal exer-
cise of power. It was right as a war measure,
and necessary, and slavery was therefore abol-
ished. Then, to show whether you thought so
or not, you subsequently proposed an amend-
ment to the Constitution abolishing slavery,
and you sent it to the southern States, and you
said to those States, "If you will only adopt it
you shall come back into the Union." What
did you want them to adopt it for if slavery
was already abolished throughout the United
States ? And yet to question Mr. Lincoln's power
and authomty to abolish slavery by proclama-
tion at one ti me was evidence of disloyalty. You
questioned ityourselves. I am sorry that my per-
sonal friends, but my political opponents,should
have ceased to be loyal and become, like the
rest of us, publicans and sinners. You ceased
to thank God that you were not like other peo-
ple, even as these poor Democrats, but laying
aside your loyalty you came and joined us and
undertook to do over again and cause to be
done over again that which you said had been
effectually done before.
I do not refer to this subject for the purpose
of reviving any discussion upon the subject
of slavery, but to stir up the pure minds of my
political opponents by way of remembrance,
and to show them that though at one time they
were sincere saints, like the Pharisee who
went up and thanked God he was not like other
people: they lapsed from their pious state of
political virtue and beoame like the publicans
and other sinners.
Sir, I might cite numerous examples in the
history of the world to show that the votaries
of civil liberty in all ages entertained the same
opinion of the rights of the citizen to resist
arbitrary power that Hampden did. Sir John
Elliot,, one of the greatest orators that ever
lived in England, and who suffered imprison-
ment and died in imprisonment because of his
devotion to liberty under a charge of disloyalty
to the king, refused to vote supplies for the
armies of his country when that country was
engaged in a foreign war until a redress of
grievances should be granted by the king at
home. You have read with enchantment the
words of that noble patriot; you have regarded
him as one of the noblest spirits, the manifest-
ation of whose genius ever flashed athwart the
world; you have held him up to the admira-
tion of your people, and yet he would not vote
supplies for the support of the army of his
country, though engaged in a foreign war, un-
less the king should cease to violate Magna
Cliarta and grant the request contained in a
petition for the redress of grievances. .
Sir Robert Philips, another able and distin-
guished orator and patriot of the days of Charles
I, for declaring that civil liberty under Magna
Charta was the birthright of the subject, was
seized in his own house, dragged away to prison,
incarcerated like a felon, and there languished
and the wife of his bosom denied the sight of
him ; and all because he was disloyal, and dis-
loyal because he held that the British subject
had rights secured to him by the provisions of
Magna Charta. The officer chief in command
under Charles I wrote to his wife that his heart
was not in the cause; that there were many
occasions to get rid of the king's service, if it
was not for what he called "grinning honor."
He knew that Charles was warring upon lib-
erty ; he knew that Charles was warring upon
the British constitution, and yet he wore the
commission of an officer, and he could not, as
he said, draw his sword in any other cause.
Mistaken notion! A sword stained in an unjust
cause is not an honorable sword by whoever
worn if that war is against the liberties of one's
country, and it requires no punctilio of honor
to enable even the most gallant and patriotic
officer to refuse to wear it in such a cause. Ad-
aural Vernon, though engaged in the- service
of Charles, had not, as Clarendon confesses,
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 11.
his heart in the struggle; and why? Because
it was an attempt by tyrannic power to crush
out the liberties of the English people.
I cite these examples, illustrious in the his-
tory of that country from whose people we
are descended, as examples to show that the
entertaining of honest principles and views in
reference to the constitution of one's country
and the rights of the people under it, although
those views may not harmonize with but are
antagonistic to the views and opinions of the
majority in power and those who exercise the
functions of government, is consistent with
the greatest devotion and love of country, and,
instead of being an evidence of disloyalty, is an
evidence of the highest and greatest loyalty.
But, sir, why go back to English history for
illustrations? Simply to show you the views
entertained by the lovers of freedom and lib-
erty there. I will not raise that dark veil which
is spread over your own political transgres-
sions. I shall not attempt to summon up be-
fore you the tears of heartbroken wives so copi-
ously shed over the incarceration of innocent
husbands because they dared, in the exercise
of the intellect which God Almighty gave them,
honestly to protest against your usurpations of
power in the past. I will not unlock the doors
of your bastiles and show you where innocent
men have suffered unjustly that party might
triumph, for no offense but the honest exercise
of their judgment in reference to the Constitu-
tion and rights of the people of the country.
Would that oblivion might cover the past, and
the historian's pen might become powerless
when he attempts to record your enormities as
a political organization. For the credit, the
honor, and the future glory of my country,
that the rising youth from generation to gen-
eration might look upon the pages of that his-
tory and find no tarnish or spot of blemish, I
would that forgetfulness might come over the
human mind, even though the example might
be profitable as one of warning, that this nine-
teenth century, which you boast is a century
of such enlightenment and such progress in the
science of government' and in the spread of
the principles of civil liberty, had furnished
the worst example of modern times of the
oppression of a free people for opinions hon-
estly entertained and honestly expressed.
But, sir, I come back to my proposition that
two thirds of the Congress of the United States
and three fourths of the States have not, when
the true character of that Constitution is con-
sidered and the purposes and objects for which
it was formed are considered, the right to
incorporate this provision into it and make
it a part of the fundamental law. That ques-
tion depends upon this: what is the legiti-
mate exercise of the power of amendment
as proposed by two thirds of the Congress
and ratified by three fourths of the States? i
maintain that to determine your authority and
the authority of three fourths of the States in
this regard, the nature and character of the
government must be considered, and are es-
sential elements in the consideration ot the
question. I assert that anything that is destruc-
tive of the nature of that Government or of tl;e
rights of the parties to it, the States, which
are expressly reserved by the Constitution, is
not an amendment, but a subversion of the
Constitution.
i maintain that there are limitations upon
the power of amendment growing out of the na-
ture and character of the Government originally
established by the Constitution, and that any
alteration or change in the essential nature and
character of the Federal Government, and of
the government of the States is not an amend-
ment within the meaning of the Constitution,
but lawless revolution, and that counter revo-
tion may, if necessary to prevent it, be resorted
to by the disagreeing States, and that forcible
resistance on their part will be justifiable, le-
gally and morally, and that such resistance by
the people of those States may become the
evidence of the most exalted and noblest patri-
otism.
An amendment is something which may
be done to perfect the Constitution so as to
enable the Federal Govern men t to exercise more
easily and more advantageously to the people
of the States the powers granted by the Con-
stitution to the Federal Government. Any
amendment which is not confined to this spe-
cific purpose is not an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, but is a subver-
sion of the Constitution. Take this amend-
ment ; view it in the light of theGovernment of
the United States as established by the Fed-
eral Constitution, and see whether it is neces-
sary in order to enable the Federal Government
to exercise more easily or with greater ad-
vantage to the people of the several States the
powers conferred upon the Federal Govern-
ment by the Constitution. As I have said,
the Federal Government established by that
instrument was one of limited delegated pow-
ers, confined principally to questions relating
to our interests with foreign countries, the
regulation of commerce, the coinage of money,
and the power of taxation. This is the doc-
trine laid down by the Federalist. To the
States were reserved all authority and power
necessary for their internal government and
their absolute independence in respect to all
questions pertaining to that internal govern-
ment. That is not only the doctrine of the
Federalist, but it was the doctrine of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and was the
doctrine of all political parties until every man
in the country became a lawyer and every
mountebank a statesman.
What does this amendment propose? Does
it propose to leave the Government of the
United States to the exercise only of what were
properly and legitimately considered Federal
powers—powers which could be properly exer-
cised for the benefit of the different States
composing the Union, and which do not inter-
fere with any of the rights of the States to local
self-government? No, sir. It proposes that
three fourths of the States may not only destroy
their own State governments, but that they may
destroy the State governments of the remaining
fourth. I say " destroy;" I mean " destroy;"
I mean destruction; I mean annihilation of
the States. It proposes to make this Federal
Government, which was designed to be, and
which is nothing else under the Constitution
but a common agency for the States, a great
sovereign power, exercising all authority, not
only of Federal, but of State legislation. That
Government, the Government of the United
States, which is not sovereign and never was a
sovereign power, is to be made an absolute
sovereignty among the nations of the earth;
and the States that made it are to be by the
exercise of its authority deprived of all their
rights of self-government.
i know that according to the modern news-
paper learning on the science of government,
according to those luminous views and logical
enunciations of the principles of the science of
government which we hear on the lecture
boards from white and black assembled to-
gether by strong-minded women and weak-
minded men, women in breeches and men in
petticoats, this will be considered a heresy ; it
will be considered disloyalty. Well, sir, 1 have
one consolation. There are but very few news-
papers that I read, and as for public lectures
upon the science of government I never listen
to them. I never went up to Boston to learn
the principles of government or of civil liberty.
I have consulted the writings of the able states-
men of New England of our revolutionary
period, and of their immediate successors ; hut
1 have not afflicted myself by listening to the
babbling of her modern empirics in statesman-
ship. I do not think that these questions are
(o t;e determined by the vote of a town meet-
