1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LQBE.
of the property of our friends we should cap-
ture within those districts within enemy's ter-
ritory? Do you suppose that was one of the
questions we debated? Not at ail. Prom the
beginning to the end of that debate no voice
was heard in the Senate Chamber, no voice
was heard in the other wing of the Capitol,
suggesting that a dollar of the property of a
loyal man might be, applied to the uses of the
Government without compensation. The ques-
tions were, how far we might go in exercising
the right to, capture and confiscate the prop-
erty of enemies—enemies in fact, rebels in
law—for past offenses, and how far we should
go in the future. We put a statute on the book
which describes minutely the very classes of
rebels whose property might be seized and
confiscated for offenses already committed, and
then we put this further section upon the book
as a caution to those within that country for
the future. I will read it:
"And be it further enacted, That if any person within
any State or Territory of the United States, other
than those named as aforesaid, after the passage of
this act, being engaged in armed rebellion against
the Government of the United States or aiding or
abetting such rebellion, shall not, within sixty days
after public warning and proclamation duly given
and made by the President of the United States,
cease to aid, countenance, and abet such rebellion
and return to his allegiance to the United States, all
the estate and property, moneys, stocks, and credits
of such persons shall beiiable to seizure as aforesaid:
and it shall be the duty of the President to seize and
use them as aforesaid, or the proceeds thereof."
Is that anything like the assertion of a right
to seize, to capture, and to confiscate the prop-
erty of your friends in that district ? No. Sixty
days for repentance and reform were allowed
to your enemies in arms; but if within sixty
days after notice and admonition they did not
cease to make war upon the Government or to
aid those who did make war upon the Govern-
ment, so many as did not do that your law
said became enemies whose property you might
seize, capture, and confiscate.
But, Mr. President, that is not all. That is
what the Congress said about it. But the
Commander-in-Chief of your armies issued in-
structions upon the advice of a distinguished
civilian, Professor Lieber. Under those in-
structions your armies went down there. I
will read you a clause from them :
" The United States acknowledge"—
This was published for the instruction of
your armies moving upon that portion of the
United States which you are now told was
enemy's territory. Those enemies were told
that—
"The United States acknowledge and protect, in
hostile countiies occupied by them, religion and
morality; strictly private property, the persons ot
the inhabitants, especially those of women; and the
sacredncss of domestic relations. Offenses to the
contrary"—
Offenses which do not respect all those inter-
ests, private property among the rest—
"shallbe rigorously punished."
That was the command of the Government
whose representatives here insist upon their
right to appropriate all property, both offriends
and enemies, within that country!
Mr. President, I did not quite conclude the
argument upon the question whether Decatur
was within enemy's territory or not. I have
read you the language of the Supreme Court
in the prize cases, that very decision which lias
been cracked about the Senate Chamber ever
since this debate opened g.s if it were a cat-o'-
nine tails got up expressly to scourge Miss Sue
Murphey. I have read you the language of
that court excluding by express words, and for
the very reason and the whole reason upon
which the doctrine stands, Decatur from en-
emy's territory. But I am told that in another
case, in the capo of Mrs. Alexander's cotton,
the court held that one district in Louisiana
did not cease to be enemy's territory, although
our Army was within it. That is true. The
court said the occupation of our Army was so
brief, so unstable, they were driven out so sud-
denly, that to hold that the district in which
Mrs. Alexander lived was no longer enemy s
40TH CON«. 3D SBSS —No. 25.
territory-pas to expose that property to the
very perils to prevent which this whole doctrine
was invented. Your right, I say, to take prop-
erty in enemy's territory, that is, the property
of your friends, springs from the fact tha,t it is
liable to contribute to the support of the enemy.
Mrs. Alexander's cotton was in that predica-
ment, because our troops were there at one
time ; they were not there to stay. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey says, however, that it
was because they had not been there long
enough. He thinks that was the reason why
the court held that Mrs. Alexander's cotton
was still in enemy's territory, and he argues
that our troops had been there in the neighbor-
hood of Mrs. Alexander as long as they had
been in D.ecatur. I do not know how long they
had been in Decatur; the case does not show ;
but I will say to the Senator from New Jersey
that that does not turn upon the question of
time at all. The troops had been in that coun-
try, I think, for more than six weeks. I will
give you another case where our troops had not
occupied a district but six days when the court
held that it was no longer enemy's territory.
In April, 1802, a citizen of New Orleans, I
believe a British subject by birth, but he had
been for many years a merchant in New Or-
leans, purchased a vessel, New Orleans then
being occupied by the rebellion, and loaded
her with cotton. The lading was completed
by the 17th of April, and on that day she was
run down into Lake Ponchartrain, and an-
chored. On the 1st or 2d of May following,
General Butler took possession of New Or-
leans %yith our troops, and on the 6th of May
he issued some sort of a proclamation to
the people there. There was some resistance
shown between the 2d and 6th. The flag I be-
lieve was pulled down on the 2d. On the loth,
or some day later, our forces went down and
took possession of that vessel and her cargo,
and took her to Key West, I think. She was
libeled. Our troops had been there, I say,
but six days when this proclamation issued.
The court found in that proclamation evidence
that our troops had gone there to stay, and
found as matter of history that they had stayed,
and they held that from the time that proc-
lamation issued New Orleans ceased to be
enemy's territory, and therefore that this ves-
sel, although purchased before our troops
went there, and loaded before our troops
went there and run down into Lake Ponchar-
train and lay there at anchor when our troops
took possession of New Orleans, was not
enemy's property and was not liable to con-
fiscation, and the libel was dismissed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was it on account of the
proclamation or on account merely of the facts
recited in the proclamation?
Mr. HOWE. The court fixed the date on
the day of the proclamation, and there are a
variety of facts which they recite as their rea-
sons why they fix upon that date. Some of the
statements in the proclamation were among
the reasons ; but they say it is fair to conclude
that from the 6th New Orleans ceased to be
enemy's territory. The great reason, the only
reason is, that it was then no longer in posses-
sion or occupation of the enemy, but was in
the permanent possession and occupation of
the troops of the United States, and property
there was not liable to contribute to the uses
of the enemy more than it was in Washington,
in Baltimore, or in New York.
Mr. President, those who have resisted the
payment of this claim have all stood upon a
rule of technical law. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. FrkIjInghuxsexJ is the onlj Sen-
ator, so far as I now remember, who has ven-
tured into the field of ethics and has ventured
to dispute the passage of this bill upon the
grounds of its inherent injustice ; and I wish to
call his attention more than the attention of
the Senate to that portion of his argument. I
think I have mislaid the paper; I do not. unci
it here : but the general idea inculcated in it I
remember, and shall remember longer than I
want to. There are a great many men who
might have uttered the same seutyneitt aijd it
would hot have "surpxiseji pie' so. much, 'lam
bound to say that the Senator' from New Jer-
sey is almtjsl tlie last man within the circle of
my acquaintance from whom I should have
expected a defense against the payment of this
claim, supposing thi§ claimant to be loyal, upon
the ground of its inherent injustice. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. SujfSER] apol-
ogizes for the principle he espouses here. He
denounces it himself as harsh, but he says it is
war. The Senator from New Jersey says it is
just. He calls our attention to the fact that
we went at great cost of blood and treasure
down there upon the appeal of our loyal friends
to rescue them from the grasp of the rebellion,
and now he protests that it is unjust and want-
ing in magnanimity on their part for them to
turn rouna and ask us to pay for property of
which they have been despoiled.
Mr. President, did we go down there? Does
the Senator from New Jersey really mean to
insist that the nation went d,own to Alabama
or elsewhere within the country of the rebel-
lion upon the invitation of our loyal friends,
or did the nation go there in its own interests
and by its own authority, and to protect and
preserve itself? Is it to be supposed that the
citizens of Decatur would not rather live with
their property protected under the government
of the confederacy than to have it stripped
from them by the Government of the Repub-
lic? Was it a beneficent thing in this Govern-
ment to go down there upon the cry of our dis-
tressed friends to rob them and plunder them ?
I put it to the Senator from New Jersey if,
when his house is on fire, he will not put out
his hand to extinguish the flames, except upon
the privilege of being allowed to rifle the
pockets of all the guests in the house? The
Union was tumbling about our heads, and is it
to be said that we must not put forth an effort
to sustain the Union except upon the privilege
of being allowed to plunder all -those citizens
upon whose heads the falling rafters are press-
ing most sorely? 1 think not. I think we
went there in the discharge of a national duty,
and that that national duty was to preserve all
the territory belouging to the United States
intact., and to preserve the rights of every one
of the loyal and obedient citizens of the United
States, so far as it was possible to do so.
But, Mr. President, before I conclude I wish
to call especial attention to some matters in
the speech of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sl'mniui.] He urges the same general
doctrine which has been urged by others, the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. FeelixghUY-
sen',] and the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Coxki.ixg.] But with that extraordinary com-
mand of language which is habitual to hirn, he
has defined and stated th^it doctrine with that
clearness aud precision which make it not only
entirely intelligible, but make it to stand out
so prominently that I feel entirely authorized
to plead to it the general issue and go to the
country upon it. He states this doctrine in
these terms:
"Here it is proper to observe three things; one
concerning the petitioner, and two concerning the
property taken : first, that the petitioner was dom-
iciled m a rebel State, or, to use more technical
language, in a State declared by public proclamation
to be in rebellion; secondly, that the property was
situated within the rebel State; and thirdly, tnat the
property was taken underthe necessities ot war, ana
lor the national defense. On these tuiee sev-eral
points there can be no question. They are facts which
have not been denied in this debate."
^ i   * * * * '
"Bearing in mind these faets, several difficulties
which have been presented during this debate
disappear."
Again, he says:
" Three men once governed the mighty Ilomar.
world. Three facts govern the present, case, with the
power of a triumvirate. The domicile ot the peti-
tioner; the situation of the property; and the exi-
gency of war. If I dwell on these three faets, it is
because I am unwilling that either should drop out
of sight; each is vital,"
Mr. President, I altogether misunderstand
the law of this subject if the Senator from
