886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Massachusetts is not utterly wrong in that state-
ment. Bach of these facts is vital. _ "What?
"The domicile of the petitioner, the situation
of the property, and the exigencies of the war."
First, the domicile of the petitioner within arebel
State. The prize eases were suits on behalf
of those who were not all of them domiciled
in any rebel State. Some of the claimants
there were Mexicans; some were subjects of
Great Britain ; and there was no evidence that
they had ever seen a rebel district. Secondly,
says the Senator, the situation of the property.
Why, the cargo of one of the vessels which wag
in dispute in those cases never saw a rebel dis-
trict. It was taken in Hampton Roads, out-
side, on the high seas. And the exigencies of
war, says the Senator. Why, sir, the exigen-
cies of war, unless I am terribly mistaken, have
nothing to do with the rights of the Govern-
ment. If property belongs to an enemy, or if
it is so situated that it may contribute to the
success of the enemy, you may destroy it, al-
though you have not the slightest occasion for
the use of it yourself. I understand that to be
a familiar principle of the laws of war. But
the Senator calls this a rebel State because it
was described as a rebel State in the procla-
mation. The captures referred to in the prize
cases were made before that proclamation was
issued.
The character of the claimant I understand
to be a proper subject of inquiry. If the
claimant is an enemy, then you may exclude
him from your tribunals; but if the claimant
be a friend, I say there is no pretext of law,
international or national, upon which you can
exclude him from your tribunals; and unless
his property was in that predicament that it
was liable to contribute to the success of your
enemy, you have 110 excuse whatever for the
capture of it.
Mr. HOWARD. There may be a national
necessity for it.
Mr. HOWE. Iam obligedforthe suggestion
of my frieud. I stated the principle too broadly.
There may be other excuses. There may be a
national necessity which will warrant the taking
of the property, but not warrant the taking of
the property without making compensation.
H may justify the taking of the property, but
it will require the Government to make com-
pensation for it.
But, Mr. President, the feature in the speech
of the Senator from Massachusetts which most
astounded me was not this particular statement
of this doctrine of international law; but it
was, I was about to say the audacity—I w-ill
not use that term—it was the fearlessness with
which he went on with his citations of history
to illustrate the enormity of it. Side by side
with his bold declaration that we must not put
our hands into the Treasury to pay our friends
for property which we have taken, he cites us
to the example of two illustrious British states-
men who, when their country had been involved
in a civil war, a war with a rebellion, and a
war with a triumphant rebellion, did not hesitate
to put their hands into the national treasury,
not to compensate loyal citizens for property
of which their Governmenthad despoiled them,
but to compensate them for property which
was taken from them by their enemies ; and
that speech is goingdown in the parliamentary
history of this country. There you have the
doctrines of an American statesman and of
British statesmen in sharp contrast.
I say Great Britain was confronted with a
rebellion. Within the district of that rebellion
there were subjects still loyal to the Govern-
ment of Great Britain. In the effort to put
down that rebellion Great Britain failed, as we
did not. Great Britain was in debt, over-
whelmed with debt, overwhelmed with disas-
ter, but the loyalists who had suffered by the
acts of their enemies appealed to the sense of
justice of the British Parliament. The Sena-
tor from Michigan, the Senator from- New
Jersey, the Senator from Oregon were not
members of that Parliament, and there was
not a word heard there of their having been
exempt from taxation, and that therefore the
treasury was to be released from the obligation
to make good their losses, or to help to make
good their losses. Nay, sir, with every one
of the pretexts which have been pleaded here
to exclude this class of our fellow-citizens
from the justice of the United States pressing
upon the British people, and pressing upon
British statesmen with double the force that
they press upon us, there were two eminent
and bold statesmen standing up in that Parlia-
ment, and in the name of national justice
striking upon the rock even of national adver-
sity until great streams of refreshing tender-
ness gushed forth to the healing of oppressed
loyalty.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, he makes an illusion, I suppose, to tiie
remarks of Mr. Pitt upon the petition of the
loyalists for relief presented to the British
Parliament. If he will look into the debates
he will discover that Mr. Pitt expressly stated
that the claims did not rest upon strict right
or justice. I quote Mr. Pitt's exact words.
Mr. SUMNER. " Strict justice."
Mr. HOWARD. " Strict right or justice."
So that after all it was a mere gratuity, an act
of benevolence on the part of the Parliament
to extend the relief which was prayed for; a
mere act of brotherly kindness, and nothing
else.
And while I am up I beg to say one word
further, if the Senator will allow me. I know
of no evidence to support his declaration when
he says that those claims were founded upon
the destruction of property by the American
insurgents, for they were such at that time. It
does not appear whether those losses accrued
in consequence of the violence of the Ameri-
cans or the necessities of the British armies
then in the field in this country.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator was entirely right
when he says that Mr. Pitt protested that this
was notan obligation which he asked the nation
to fulfill. He held that it was a duty which in
common gratitude they owed to the loyalists
who had suffered in their cause, not an obliga-
tion ; and it was not any more than it was an
obligation on the part of New York to pay her
citizens for property which had been taken
from them by the act of Vermont. But said
Pitt, but said Burke, but said others: "These
men were our friends, and notwithstanding our
misfortunes we owe them compensation for the
losses, not which we have imposed upon them,
but the losses which they encountered in our
service." The language which has been quoted
from Mr. Pitt and from Mr. Burke was not the
only language which was employed during that
great debate. In the treaty of peace nego-
tiated between the representatives of the two
Governments the question what should be done
with those loyal subjects of Great Britain who
had been stripped of their estates by the colo-
nial authorities was one of the greatest ques-
tions to be settled. The Federal Government
refusing to enter into any stipulation on their
behalf further than that they would recommend
to the States some sort of consideration for
them, it was finally settled upon that basis, and
that settlement was attacked in the House of
Commons. Let me read you a few statements
of how the British statesmen looked upon the
claims of their loyal subjects :
"In the House of Commons Mr. Wilberforce said
th^t ' when he considered the case of the loyal-
ists'"—
Loyalists stripped by their enemies, and not
by their Government—
"'he confessed he there felt himself conquered;
there he saw his country humiliated; he saw her at
the feet of America; still he was induced to believo
thatCongress would religiously comply with the arti-
cle, and that the loyalists would obtain redress Irom
America.' Lord North said that * never were the
honor, the principles, the policy of a nation so grossly
abused as in the desertion of those men.'"
What men? Loyal subjects of Great Britain
despoiled by the acts of Great Britain's ene-
mies.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me remind the Sena-
tor that was the desertion in the treaty.
Mr. HOWE. Exactly.
Mr. S CJMNER. That, the Senate will under-
stand, was a discussion in Parliament, where
the treaty was arraigned ; and the politicians
of that day found occasion to criticise it, be-
cause, as they said, the loyalists were not
sufficiently provided for. John Adams and
our commissioners at that time resisted the
appeals of the British commissioners.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President; they
were complaining of the desertion of those
British loyalists, because ample compensation
was not made for their losses in the treaty,
instead of standing there to assert this great-
modern doctrine of international law that those
who were fools enough to be loyal were fit sub-
jects to be plundered by everybody, friendly
Governments and hostile Governments alike:
" Lord North said that 'never were the honor, tho
principles, the policy of a nation so grossly abused
asin the desertion of those men, who are now exposed
to eveiy punishment that desertion and poverty can
inflict because they were not rebels.'"—Sabine's
American Loyalists, vol 1, p. 99.
It was precisely to those punishments that
these people were subjected during the reign
of the rebellion and this duty is enforced not
upon an unfortunate sovereign beaten in the
conflict. It is an instruction laid before a vic-
torious country, ample in resources, able to
meet every one of its obligations, and with not
an obligation now that it can shrink from with-
out subjecting itself to that lowest depth of
infamy to which ever national honor was sub-
jected:
" Lord Mulgrave declared that' the article respect-
ing tho loyalists he could nevor regard but as a last-
ing monument of national disgrace.' Mr. Burke said,
that ' a vast number of the loyalists had been de-
luded by England, and had risked everything, and
that, to such men, the nation owed protection, and its
honor was pledged for their security at all hazards."'
That is Burke ; that is in the British Parlia-
ment. They had risked everything in the royal
cause, and the nation was pledged to make
them compensation at all hazards, not com-
pensation for what their own Government had
taken, but compensation for what the enemies
of that Government had taken from them :
"The Lord Chancellor declared that the stipula-
tions of the treaty are 'specific.'"
That is, that the Federal Government would
recommend some consideration for these peo-
ple to the States.
"'And,' said he'my own conscious honor will not
allow me to doubt the good faith of others, and my
good wishes to the loyalists will not let ino indis-
creetly doubt the dispositions of Congress,' since the
understanding is, that' all these unhappy men shall
be provided for.'"
'There was no such understanding :
"Yet, if it were not so, 'Parliament could take cogni-
zance of their case, and impart to each suffering indi-
vidual that relief which reason, perhaps policy, cer-
tainly virtue and religion required.'"—Ibid., p. 102.
That is the lord chancellor ; that is Burke,
Mulgrave, Wilberforce, that even the rights of
men who had no other claim upon the consid-
eration of their Government than that they had
been true and loyal to it, that they had been
deluded into an unfortunate and a losing cause,
but had been faithful to it, should be respected.
Sir, I came to the Capitol this morning with
one who is now a Representative of one of
these rebel districts, as Senators delight to
call them, a Representative from Tennessee,
who told me that the bitterest moment he
had been called upon to experience during
his whole life was that on which he was visited
by a mission from the rebellion, and he was
ordered to choose one of three propositions:
either to take the oath of fidelity to the rebel
cause, or to absent himself from the rebel
dominions, or to be hung by the neck until he
was dead. Those were the alternatives offered
to him. That he hesitated upon the'three will
not be thought strange, I think. It is more
singular and more noticeable that he finally
chose, upon the instinct and upon the adviee
of his heroic wife, who told him to accept the
second, to turn his back on his home aud on
his family ; to take the second of the proposi-
tions ; to leave all that he loved, and to go into
