1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
putting the matter into his hands, under that
statement of facts is voting that you do not
desire any reduction, and there is no provision
for reducing those expenses which are now-
burdening the people, nor is there any pro-
vision for getting rid of these supernumerary
officers.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me a word?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
but a minute more, and then the gentleman
can oppose my amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am afraid the gentleman
lias not as much confidence in the President-
elect to-night as he had last night. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have as
much respect for him as ever. I am only
speaking of precedents, and this is a precedent,
in my view, vital to the liberties of this people.
It is all well enough now when we have a man
about to become President whom we respect,
but suppose next time, by any accident, God
should send upon us Horatio Seymour and we
should have a Congress whieh should propose
to put the matter into his hands, then what
should we do? [Laughter.] But, sir, I wish
to stand outside of all politics in this matter.
1 wish we could for once debate a question
touching the welfare of the people without
some one interposing political ideas.
I am now upon the question before the House,
simply that of getting precedents. And all this
action of the House palters with the people in
a double sense, keeping the word of promise
to the ear, but breaking it to the hope. You
reduce nothing; you stop no expense. You
are told beforehand that it is not intended that
there shall be any reduction of the Army ; that
there is not a supernumerary officer to be mus-
tered out, not a dollar of pay to be cutldown, but
tliat all the expenses of the Army are to go on.
Now, I am not ready for that; if the House
is, of course I am subject to the direction of
the House.
Now, what will be the effect of putting on
tile amendment I have proposed? Then the
matter willgo to the Senate, and that body will
amend it in such manner as they choose ; and
when they send the bill back to the House we
can concur in their action if it shall suit us, or
if not we can non-concur in it and send it to a
committee of conference, and that committee,
having jurisdiction of the whole subject, tliey
can easily ariauge a good bill if they set out
for that purpose, and not merely leave the dis-
cretion with the War Department. Therefore,
in view of tlio precedents of the common law,
in view of the precedents of England for all
time, during which she would notallow even the
sovereign to say to Iht what her army should
be, 1 desire that we shall not put in the power
of the Executive of the United States to say
how large shall be the Army of the United
States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. FARNSWORTH. I voted for the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Dodgk]
because I am in favor of his proposition or
some proposition like it. 1 believe it is the only
practical measure that can be passed through
both Houses of Congress at this session. It is
a proposition which leaves it to the discretion
ol the General of the Army, who is to be the
President of the United States after the 4th of
March next, to say how and when this reduc-
tion shall take place.
I do not believe that the members of this
House are wiser upon the question of what
ought to be the size of our Army than is Gen-
eral Grant. Nor do I believe that the average
patriotism of this House rises any higher than
the patriotism of General Grant. Neither do
I think that it is wise policy for us, in view of
the lacts presented here, to hamper and em-
barrass the administration of General Grant,
which we are about to enter upon. I have no
doubt, as I have before said, that the Senate
and the House of Representatives will be un-
able, certainly they will be unable in the ten
or twelve days remaining of this session, with
all the other important business pressing upon
their attention, to settle in detail the machinery
and manner of reducing the Army. Why, sir,
I remember—perhaps it was during the last
Congress—that this House,was a number of
days—I do not remember how many, perhaps
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] can
state—at work upon a bill to regulate the pay
of the Army, and it took us, perhaps, nearly
a week before we could get through the details
of that bill.
Now, do gentlemen suppose that we can set-
tle all the details of a plan for reducing the
Army of the United States to the satisfaction
of both Houses of Congress, or even of the
House of Representatives, in one night, with-
out embarrassing the Administration that is
about to come into power? For one, I have
no idea that we can do it.
We are to have a session of Congress to
commence on the 4th of March next. We can
then receive and consider any messages that
the incoming President may see proper to send
to us. We will then be in direct communica-
tion with him. He can make known to us at
that time any recommendation he may have to
make with regard to the Army, and we will
listen to them and can act upon them. Now
would it not be wise for us to let this matter
go over to the next Congress, except so far as
the adoption of this short amendment asking
him to reduce the Army as rapidly as in his
judgment may be best, and in such manner as
he may see fit ? I do not know so much about
the Army as the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.] Nor does he—I say it with all
due deference—know as much about it as Gen-
eral Grant. The gentleman from Ohio knows
a groat deal about the Army, more than a
large majority of this House. Hut the General-
in-Chief knows a great, deal more about the
necessities of the service than does the gen-
tleman from Ohio. And can members of this
House, who know comparatively nothing upon
this subject, vote understandingly and intel-
ligently as to the manner in detail of reducing
the Army and settle all the minutiae of the plan
of reduction in one evening? The proposition
is an absurd one. It is simply ridiculous for
us to propose to settle the whole questiou in
detail here m the House of Representatives in
one evoning in relation to every branch and
department of the service.
The idea of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that this long measure for the reduction
of the Army shall be sent over to the Senate
attached to the Army appropriation bill in
order to get the matter before a committee of
conference, is not, it seems to me, a good one ;
for my impression is that the effect of that
course would be to make the Senate strike off
tho whole thing, and send us back simply the
appropriation bill as it came from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. If the Senate is
disposed to amend it can put its amendments
upon the substitute of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Dodge] just adopted as well as upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. Why not? The Committee of the Whole
has adopted the report of the minority of the
Committee on Military Affairs. The gentle-
man who has offered this minority report is
himself a military man ; and his familiarity
with the necessities of the service commends
his proposition in a great measure to my con-
fidence and support.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to say that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs agreed that if a full detailed bill such as
I have reported should not be passed—if only
a declaratory measure should be adopted—this
one of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Dodge]
was carefully and wisely drawn ; and though
I, with the majority of the committee, was in
favor of a fuller measure, one going further
into details, yet if wo are to adopt only a dec-
laratory proposition putting tho execution of
the matter into the hands of the General of the
Army orof thePresident, then this amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa is the best measure
in that direction which has been brought to my
attention.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I fully concur in
that sentiment; and while I would be willing
to vote for many of the propositions embraced
in the bill of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and many of those included in the bill
of the gentleman from Ohio, yet I think it un-
wise for us to attempt to settle all these ques-
tions at the present time.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, there were—
ayes 52, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts and Mr. Garfield were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 56.
So the amendment of Mr. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts, was adopted.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Dodge, as amended by the adop-
tion of the amendment of Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts.
On agreeing to the amendment, as amended,
there were—ayes 05, noes 49.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ccllom and
Mr. Boyeb were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 53.
So the amendment of'Mr. Dodge, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, there was
an agreement when we were considering the
first part of this bill that certain parts of it,
embracing lines ten to fifteen inclusive, might
be recurred to for the purpose of making such
amendments as the action of the Committee
of the Whole, with reference to the reduction
of the Army, might render proper. I propose
now to offer an amendment to the item em-
braced in lines ten and eleven, which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
l''or commutation of officers' subsistence, $2,000,000.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend that para-
graph by striking out "$2,000,000" and in-
serting in lieu thereof " §1,500,000."
Mr. WINDOM. I move to strike out the
whole paragraph, so as to make the bill con-
form to the amendment we have- already
adopted. An amendment striking out this
commutation entirely has been agreed to, and
this paragraph should be struck out to make
the bill consistent.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say that if the
amendment of the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, just now adopted by the Com-
mittee of the Whole, should become a law, the
change which it will make in regard to the pay
of the Army would require all the appropria-
tion, that are now embraced in the items "pay,"
"commutation," and "commutation in lieu
of clothing for officers' servants." The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
proposes, 1 know, the payment of an aggre-
gate sum in lieu of all commutations, but it
will be seen at once that this aggregate sum
would require to make it up these several items.
Hence I would suggest that these appropria-
tions be allowed to go forward, to be trans-
ferred, if necessary, to meet the requirements
of the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. WINDOM. We have already made an
appropriation very much larger than will be
necessary under the amendment-of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. BLAINE. Bvno means.
Mr. WINDOM. We shall save some fifteen
or twenty millions.
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all.
^ Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
That part of the bill has been passed, and can-
not now be amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The amendment was
reserved by unanimous consent.
Mr. BLAINE. The entire amount appro-
priated has been sealed dbwn to $30,000,000.
I do not suppose the gentleman from Massa-
