1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that portion of the Union where she fondly
believed, "deluded," in the language of Mr.
Burke, there might be protection for loyalty
and devotion. He acted upon that advice.
He did turn his back upon all he loved, and
he did seek the flag of the Union, and under
that flag he rallied a regiment, and he went
back to his own home, and it was with his help
and by his aid that your flag floats everywhere
to-day. And now, when that class of men
come here and ask no indemnity for the
property of which tl ey have been despoiled
by their enemies, but ask only a just compen-
sation for that property, which yon and your
Government have taken from them, they are told
here in the council chambers of the nation
that they were legitimate subjects of the spoil
of their own Government, for whose success
they had risked everything.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I met this
morning a very eminent citizen of the State
of Arkansas, who lost a large property taken
from him by the rebels, and was for a long time
incarcerated in Fort Smith by them, who was
under sentence of death for some two weeks,
expecting every day to be executed; and he
told me that the greatest humiliation that he
had suffered since the end of the war was in
listening to a debate in which he was told that
if his property had been taken by our Govern-
ment instead of by the rebels he would have
been denied all compensation upon the ground
that he was a constructive traitor.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I will not de-
tain the Senate much longer. I was obliged
to confess my astonishment, not so much that
the Senator from Massachusetts should have
asserted this doctrine which I have been op-
posing as well as I could, but that he should
have ventured to cite the Senate to illustrious
examples so utterly at war with this doctrine ;
that in almost one breath and by one gesture
he should unfold to us those two statesmen and
others surrounding them, standing up there and
appealing to an impoverished and a defeated
country to make, out of its generosity, com-
pensation to its friends who had suffered in its
cause, and that then, speaking with reference
to the very identical class, he should turn round
and tap upon the tills of the Treasury Depart-
ment, exclaiming, as I almost thought I heard
him, in an under tone: " Pass by that senti-
ment of Wilberforce and of Burke ; you have
the duty of statesmen to discharge ; it is not
your duty to make compensation to those who
have suffered in your cause ; it is your duty to
despoil them ; strip the soil from under their
feet; take the roof from over their heads; on
the spot where the cradle stood plant your
cannon; turn the orphan girl out of home
shelterless into the world, and make havoc
with the roar of your artillery in the very spot
in which her childhood was put to sleep by the
mother's lullaby."
Mr. President, when I am to be counseled
to any such doctrine as this, I must not be
admonished against it by any such examples
as the Senator from Massachusetts has cited
from British history.
Sir, I had thought to say a word upon the
question of the amount involved in the prin-
ciple of this bill. The Senator from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Com.] who went into that subject
more astutely, I believe, than any other Sen-
ator, made it out, if I understood him aright,
something like five thousand million dollars.
I read an editorial of a column or so in a lead-
ing newspaper of the Northwest which gravely
asserted as an ascertained fact that if this bill
was adopted, at least a million more would
follow it, and that they would take out of the
Treasury from five hundred thousand to one
hundred thousand million dollars, which would
make the estimate of the Senator from Cali-
fornia a very beggarly estimate, and would
make jour final payments amount to some-
where f'l oiii five thousand to five hundred thou-
sand million dollars. This proposes to pay
nothing to anybody unless one who was loyal;
nothing for anything unless it was property
taken by the United States ; and is any friend
of the United States prepared to say that that
handful of paupers within that portion of the
country we robbed of more value than we
raised in all the rest of the Union by taxation
and otherwise ? I would not make the con-
fession if I thought it was true, aud you know
it is false.
But, Mr. President, let me say one word
more, and I will conclude. Now, I am about
to express a matter of opinion. I am about
to tell these Senators who have asserted this
doctrine in what they call the interests of the
Treasury, that they have mistaken the inter-
ests of the Treasury as broadly as they have
mistaken the law of the land. I tell the Sen-
ators that in my deliberate judgment it is time
for you to hear all these claims, to decide now
between the loyal and the disloyal, when there
is a difference between them, when you can get
some testimony. I admit we shall be deceived.
I admit you will sometimes make appropria-
tions to those who were not as true as they
ought to have been. Take that risk; it belongs
to you ; but if you venture to close your doors
against all classes alike to-day, year after year
to shut your ears against the cry of the really
loyal, I tell you you cannot stand upon that
doctrine; and by-and-by, when these distinc-
tions are blotted out, your doors will be opened
and the Treasury will be opened to all classes
as you now exclude all classes from it; and
when you try these questions at the greatest
disadvantage you will have the most of them
to try. I am as confident that the interests of
the nation as I am that the honor of the nation
demand that you should meet this bill on the
principles upon which it rests, and meet it
squarely.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. _ Mr. President,
I do not rise to continue this discussion. I
have listened to the finished and eloquent argu-
ment of my friend from Wisconsin with much
pleasure ; and although perhaps there may
have been in it some strictures upon my own
views, I do not intend to undertake a reply. I
rise to say a word in reference to the amendment
introduced by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] (now the pending question,)
and to submit that it is not germane to the
original bill. Whether loyal men of the South
should or should not be paid where the Gov-
ernment, or where its military agents agreed di-
rectly, by implication or by effect of law, to pay
for Army supplies, is by no sense the question
before us. Neither is the question how far we
should emulate the example of tho British
Parliament, of Burke and Pitt and Wilber-
force, in the bestowmeut of bounty or giving
indemnity to loyal sufferers. I hope that the
Senators will suffer their minds, after they
have been led away by the eloquence to which
they have listened, to come to the considera-
tion of what is the issue before us. The ques-
tion is whether tho Government is under the
obligations of law or of strict justice to pay
the southern loyalists for the ravages of war ;
to pay for the thousands of houses which have
been occupied and damaged by our troops;
to pay for the thousands of mills tilled with
flour aud of barns aud granaries filled with
produce, which have been destroyed; whether
we are bound to pay for all the cotton belong-
ing to loyalists which has been burnt.
You have not failed to observe that even the
discriminating mind of my friend has failed to
distinguish the case where property is taken
for a fortification from these cases to which I
have referred. Where property is taken to
weaken the enemy it is just as much devoted
to the use of this country as where it is taken
to erect a fortification, and no one yet has been
able to draw any line of distinction.
Mr. President, the true question is whether
when we take part of the property of a loyalist,
as the materials of which the house is con-
structed, (or the purpose of preserving the
residue of her property at a time when the
whole was valueless had we not interposed,
being by the laws of nations and the laws of
the confederacy subject to confiscation, we ate
bound to make payment for that part which we
take in order to effect this l-escue? The ques
tion is whether when my house is on fire and
the firemen extinguish the flames I can sue the
firemen for the damage the water has done my
household property ? Thequestion is whether
the property of the North, which for years has
been subject to taxation in order to carry OU
the war and rescue Miss Murphey's property,
is now to be taxed to make compensation for
property which has borne no part of that ex-
penditure? - The question is whether this Gov-
ernment shall be bound to pay damages for the
results of a war for which, unlike the British
Parliament at the time of the American Revo-
lution, it is in no wise responsible ? I am free
to say, even although it surprises my friend,
that while the nation may be as generous and
as tender-hearted toward the southern loy-
alists as their merit and the kind instincts of
the nation dictate, that I am willing to be
understood as holding the doctrine that this
nation is under 110 legal obligation to pay the
class of claims involved in this controversy.
Senators have grown indignant and eloquent
that loyal men at the South have been called
enemies. Why, Mr. President, that is a mere
technical term. The feeling thus aroused re-
minds me of a case 1 remember once to have
tried when defending a corporation under the
plea of inevitable accident. I used the familiar
term "act of God," and the opposing counsel
read me quite a solemn lecture on account of
my profanity. [Laughter.] When we iu this
argument speak of an enemy, we use a tech-
nical term. I would remind my friend that
while he correctly classified the inhabitants of
the country as friends, that he omitted to tell
us enemies, and neutrals, the class termed
enemies has a significant subdivision among
enemies ; one is known as hostis, and another
as inimicus—a hostis being merely technically
and in legal contemplation an enemy, while
the iiiimiciis is a virulent, inimical citizen.
Therefore it is no disparagement for those who
understandingly use technical terms to speak
of the enemy country and enemy property.
But although these are technical terms, they
are of much importance. Involved in and
associated with these technical words, is a
doctrine which protects this nation from claims
which would prevent its meeting its legal obli-
gations—a doctrine which determines that the
debt of the nation is today only §2,500,000,000,
and not, perhaps, $3,500,000,000. I do not
object to the broadest liberality and bounty that
the conscience of Congress will permit it to
extend to the loyalists of the South; but I do
object to this natiou recognizing the position
that we are under a legal obligation to pay as
debts that which, by the law of nations, is no
debt, because just here we may be determining
on the ability of the nation to meet its obliga-
tions.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mobtojt]
said the other day that he would cast to the
winds the doctrine which made any distinction
between the legal rights of the northern man
and the southern loyalists. Let me tell him
that he cannot move the doctrine which dis-
tinguishes enemy property from friendly prop-
erty than he can uproot the sturdy oak which
has been anchored in the earth for centuries,
and which has been growing more firm wrest-
ling with the winds of time. That principle
has lived through a thousand wars, and lias not
yielded even to the negotiations and diplomacy
that have always succeeded them, and to-day
has the sanction of every writer of authority
and of all the Governments of the world. And
I insist that whatever may be the proper extent
of the bounty of the country toward southern
loyalists, claims of the class in controversy are
not, a matter of debt.
The Senator from Wisconsin has painted the
horrors of tins war at the South ; but have its
effects been less feaiful at tho North? What
northern heart has not bled? Has the South
on this plea any claim on the tax-paying North ?
