1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
chusetts imagines that under the most favor-
able circumstances the expense of the Army
will be lees than $30,000,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. About
thirty-three million dollars.
Mr. BLAINE. I want to have his assent to
have this go in, as I wish to have it amended.
There will be a deficiency unless it is done.
Mr. WINDOM. We do not want any ap-
propriation for commutation. We do not want
any more of that rascality.
Mr. BLAINE. I want it to be considered
as a fund belonging to the pay of the Army.
Mr. RANDALL. I voted for the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
with the understanding that it was for an early
reduction of the Army, a reduction of the
expenses of the Army in that direction of
$30,000,000. I wish to know whether this
amendment is in accordance with that action
of the House. I wish to know whether this
makes these appropriations for the Army con-
form to what has been determined on in the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. BLAINE. It does. The gentleman
will remember at the time this discussion
began leave was given to the Military Commit-
tee to report an amendment looking to the
reduction of the Army. Subsequently the
gentleman from Massachusetts was granted
leave to bring in an amendment reducing the
pay of the Army. That is the reason I could
not make the point of order against my friend
from Massachusetts which 1 did against my
friend from Ohio. I consulted a quorum of
the Committee on Appropriations, and it was
agreed that the aggregate appropriation of
$43,000,000 should be scaled down to the re-
duced wants of the Army under the proposed
reduction. I now propose to make the aggre-
gate about thirty million dollars.
Mr. RANDALL. One of the great induce-
ments of my voting for the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts was that it cut
offithe enlisting abuse in the way of commuta-
tion. If that be cut off I do not see why the
gentleman from Maine should, ask us to vote
$1,500,000 for commutation.
Mr. BLAINE. I will answer the gentle-
man. If the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts be defeated, then this will
be absolutely required. If it be enacted into
law it will be a simple matter to provide that
this appropriation for commutation of subsist-
ence shall be considered as a part of the fund
for the pay of the Army. In either event the
appropriation would come into proper play.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. Blaixe's amendment was adopted.
Mr. WIN D O M. I mo ve to strike out the whole
paragraph, so that there shall be no more com-
mutation. The gentleman from Maine says it
will be necessary, if the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is.voted down.
He presumes, in the face of the action of a
majority of the House, that it will not be
adhered to.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman. I put the case hypothetieally. I said
if on the one hand it should become law, and
then on the other hand it should not become
law. I was opposed to the amendment. It is
not for me to say whether it will become law or
not. I proposed the amendment to meet either
contingency.
Mr.'WINDOM. It is true that the gentle-
man made that statement. Yet he desires to
retain iu the bill an appropriation of $1,<">00,000
for commutation. I desire that the*e shall be
no appropriation for commutation. The gen-
tleman's desire to keep it in the bill is to my
mind an assumption on his part, that we will
not adopt the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am very anxious that
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts shall become law. I listened atten-
tively to his speech last night. I believed he
demonstrated conclusively to the House and
country that his amendment will save some
$30,000,000 in this single branch of the Gov-
ernment. We have heard a great deal aboat
economy, and I believe for the last year every
poor widow or orphan's claim has been met with
the hue and cry of economy. Now, when we
can save $30,000,000 and injure nobody, when
we can have just as good an Army, when we
have already some five hundred thousand men
in. the country who at the very first sound of
the bugle blast, if there be danger, will rash
to arms and make a better Army infinitely than
any standing Army, I see no necessity of
continuing year after year to spend so many
millions of money, no necessity of appropri-
ating §7,000,000 every year to pay supernu-
merary officers. I dislike to muster them out;
I dislike to disappoint anybody in the reason-
able expectation of a fat salary, but something
must be done if we are to have our Govern-
ment conducted on anything like economical
principles.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire how the gentleman proposes to get rid
of the supernumerary officers under this amend-
ment that has been adopted. Can you get rid
of them under this bill in an ordinary lifetime?
Mr. WINDOM. I think the gentleman
from Massachusetts very clearly demonstrated
last night the manner of getting, rid of them.
1 think the trouble with the gentleman from
Illinois is not the fear that under the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts we
shall not get rid of them, but it is his desire
to study the best way how not to do it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I can assure the
gentleman that the supernumerary officers will
die a natural death long before that board of
sixteen officers provided for in the amendment
will reach them.
Mr. WINDOM. I think if there was any
danger of that we should have no such oppo-
sition to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts as we now have. It is because
there is danger of getting out these supernum-
erary officers that it is opposed so strotigly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachsisetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
there is a little misapprehension as to the pay
proper of Army officers. Take that of a major
general. He has only §200 a month. The
consequence is there will be wanted the com-
mutation and the other items to make up a
portion of the pay. The aggregate appropria-
tion in the bill is already reduced to about
thirty thousand dollars, and that will cover it
all if we can carry out what the House has so
well begun. A portion of what is called com-
mutation will actually be wanted as pay. The
pay now under the bill as amended is $7,500
for major generals. You will have to take
half of his commutation to make that up; the
other half will be saved.
Mr. BLAINE. If this amendment shall be
adopted I will move in the House tliat some
of tlie appropriation for commutation and offi-
cers' subsistence shall be applied to the pay
of the Army. I yield to the gentlemau from
Iowa.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wixdom,] by
the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts we have just adopted we have reduced
the Army expenses $30,000,000. Now. the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] tells us
tbere is still in this bill an appropriation of
$80,000,000 when originally it was §43,000,000.
Therefore it seems to me, if the gentleman
from Minnesota is right., the aggregate appro-
priation ought to be reduced to §15,000,000
instead of §30,000,000.
Mr. WINDOM. I understand there is a
bill coming in that will make a further ap-
propriation of $20,000,000 for the Army—a
deficiency bill.
j Mr. ALLISON. Not in this Congress, cer-
tainly ; for the next fiscal year ?
Mr. WISDOM. For the last fiscal year.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say to the com-
mittee that I think we are spending a vast deal
of valuable tiiae to little purpose. I am for
economy myself, but I do not believe that any
amendment now proposed to this Army ap-
propriation bill will be passed through the two
Houses.
Several Members. Nor I.
Mr. SPALDING. I am in favor of the
proposition offered by my colleague, that we
wait till the new President, the General of the
Army, shall recommend to us a reduction of
the military force. I think that is right enough.
It is sensible. We cannot now carry any of
these propositions through, and I shall ask the
committee to object to any amendment now
being offered to this appropriation bill for the
support of the Army. I hope no more amend-
ments will be offered.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to state, in answer
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allisox,]
that I hold in my hand an official document
made out with great care at the War Depart-
ment, showing the actual expenses of the Army
for the year ending June 30. 1868—;the last
year of which an official account is obtainable—
and the total cost of the Army for that year was
$54,750,000. The statement is as follows :
Approximate cost of the military establishment during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808.
Recruiting the Army and contingent expenses of tlio
adjutant general's department  $2>i0.0fKI
Quartermaster's department  28,230,000
Subsistence  6,000,000
Medical department  7*20,000
Pay of officers and men    17.150,000
Ordnance department.  2,000,000
Engineer department   5,630.000
Military Academy        370,000
Aggregate §150,380,000
Deduct expenditures of engineer depart-
ment, which were ati forriver and harbor
improvements and permanent national
fortifications, and no t for current mi litary
business, but to last for all time for the
national defense    5,630,000
Total cost of the Army $54,750,000
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine whether the statement of
the gentlemen from Minnesota [Mr. Windom]
is correct, that there is a deficiency bill of
§20,000,000 for the Army for the last year yet
to come in?
Mr. BLAINE. There is no deficiency for
the last year. It is for the current year.
Mr. RANDALL. There is a deficiency for
the current year?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes; butnotof $20,000,000.
The question was put on Mr. Wisdom's
motion ; and there were—ayes 15, noes 81; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Blaise and
Mr. Wixdom were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 20, noes 97.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAINE. I now ask the Clerk to read
the clause in linesfourteenand fifteen, which is
the last clause reserved at the instance of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
The Clerk read as follows :
For payments in liou of clothing for officers'ser-
' rants, $250,OuO.
! Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend that clause
by striking out "$250,000'' and inserting
••§200,000 " in lieu thereof.
Mr. DICKEY, I want to know if that
§250,000 is based upon the estimates of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. BLAINE. The estimate of the Secre-
tary of War was somewhat larger, but the Co m-
mittee on Appropriations, after examining it,
cut it down to $250,000. This further scaling
is in consequence of the action of the Com-
I mittee of the Whole reducing the Army.
I Mr. DICKEY. I would like to know upon
i what principle the Committee on Appropri-
| ations scale the estimates of executive officers?
I Mr. BOYER. I can answer the gentleman.
: There was an approaching presidential election
' at that time, for which the gentleman from
Maine was providing.
Mr. DICKEY, I understand, then, that the
Committee on Appropriations are going to
