1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
undertake to prevent General Grant from
exercising any economy by cutting down the
appropriations, so that we will have to have a
deficiency bill next year.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 beg the gentleman's par-
don. I do not think the Committee on Appro-
priations is particularly hostile to General
Grant. I call for a vote on my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having taken the chair, Mr. Ferry
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order, had
had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill No. 1803, making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
theyear ending June 30, 1870, and had directed
him to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to move as a sub-
stitute for the two propositions adopted by the
Committee of the Whole, that of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mi-. Dodge,] supplemented by
that of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] what I send to the Clerk's desk, and
ask to have read:
The Clerk road as follows:
Sf.c.—. And he it further mactcd, That until the
military force is reduecd to twenty regiments of in-
fantry. fivu regiments of cavalry, and Ave regiments
of artillery, no now commission shall be issued in any
regiment; and tlioSecrotury of Warishorebydireetod
to consolidate rogimonts as rapidly as tho require-
ments ol tho public service and tho reduction in tho
number ot\olIicers will permit, until tlio boiore-
namcd minimum is reached.
Snc. . Ami be it further enacted. That until other-
wise directed by law, thore shall bo no now appoint-
ments and no promotions in tho adjutant general's
d'opsutment, in tlio inspector general's department,
in the pay department, in tho quartermaster's de-
partment, in tho commissaiy's department, in the
ordnance department, in tho engineer dopaitment,,
nnd in tho medical department.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 now call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendment.
Mr. A1UNGEN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question V
The SPEAKEL1. No debate is in order,
unless the call for the previous question shall
be withdrawn,
Mr. BLAJNK. Objection is made all around
iiio to my yielding further, and 1 must,, there-
fore, insist on the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main Yjuestion ordered.
Mr. (lAltbTELl). 1 now move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at nine o'clock ami fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, ktc.
The following petitions, <ic., wero presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CULLOM: Tho petition of Berthold
Hahn, of Springfield, Illinois, asking for pay
lor military service.
By Mr. WELDS : A memorial from 8J! citi-
zens of Delaware county, New York, for sin
amendment to the Constitution of the United
.States so as to read in substance as follows:
,! VV« the people of the United .States [humbly
acknowledge Almighty God as the source of
all authority aud power in civil government,
the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among tho
nations, and His revealed will as of supreme
authority, in order to constitute a Christian
government, and] in order to form a more
perfect union, establish justice, insure domes-
tic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, and promote the general welfare, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the
L mted Stales of America." They further ask
that such change be introduced into the body of
the Constitution as may be necessary to give
effect to the foregoing amendment included
within brackets.
By Air. GARFIELD : A petition of citizens
of Ohio arid Pennsylvania, asking that the
Constitution be so amended as to recognize
Divine authority.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 51 citi-
zens of New York, praying that women may
be allowed the equal right to vote with men.
Also, a memorial of the Workingmen's In-
stitute of Boston, Massachusetts, praying Con-
gress to grant no more lands to railroad cor-
porations.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: Two
petitions from citizens of Beaver and Law-
rence counties, praying for an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States so that
God be more fully acknowledged as the Su-
preme Ruler of the nation.
By Mr. 0! NEILL: A resolution of the Board
of Trade of Philadelphia, recommending the
passage of the Senate bill prohibiting secret
sales or purchases of gold or bonds on account
of the United States, being hill of Senator
Conkling, No. 821.
Also, a resolution of the Board of Trade of
Philadelphia, asking Congress to institute such
inquiries and to inaugurate such measures as
shall secure to American shipping in Spanish
ports an equalization of tonnage dues and port
charges with those imposed upon the most
favored nations.
Also, a petition of the board of managers
of the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, at
Philadelphia, signed in its behalf by C. Cope,
president, William Struthers, treasurer, and
attested by Jehu Sartain, secretary, asking for
protection to the authors of paintings, drawings,
statuary, and models, by a law in the nature of
copyright.
By Mr. SELYE: Resolutions of tho Legis-
lature of the Slate of New York recommend-
ing the passage of a law granting pensions to
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. S1TGREAVES: A petition from
citizens of New Jersey and New York, asking
for an amendment of the Constitution acknowl-
edging Almighty God as the source of all au-
thority and power in civil government, the
Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the
nations, and His revealed will as of supreme
authority, in order to constitute a Christian
government.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: A petition of 1,000
citizens of Newbnrg, Orange county, New York,
asking that the Constitution be so amended
as to recognize the authority and power of
Almighty God in civil government.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Now York, asking Congress to recog-
nize tho claim for a pension of the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition of
John J. Jones and 150 others, citizens ofGallia
county, Ohio, praying for the adoption of an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States recognizing Almighty God as the
source of all authority and power iu civil
government, &c.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 18, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Air. SHERMAN, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
IX A U C. U It A T10 N CEREMONIES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Yati:s, Cbagin, and McCrekp.y the
committee to make arrangements for the inau-
guration of the President-elect of the United
States on the 4th of Alarch, under the resolu-
tion of the 16th instant.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant, a list
of claims filed in tho department of Indian
affairs for" depredations committed by Indians
in northwestern Iowa during and subsequent
to the year 1867; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
an account of the Northwest Fur Company for
provisions and payment of men necessary for
the defense and protection of Government
property at l?ort Union in 18G6 and 1807 ;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
with a letter from George W, Reynolds, agent
for the Seminole Indians, together with an
estimate of appropriation for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with that tribe, under the treaty of
March 21, 1866; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 19th ultimo, a report from the Secretary
of State relating to the fisheries; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report from the Secretary of State,
with accompanying documents, in relation to
the gold medal presented to Mr. Cyrus W.
Field, pursuant to the resolution of Congress
of Alarch 2, 1867 ; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. AIcPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 667) to enable the Holly,
Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company in the
State of Alichigan, to have the subscription to
its capital stock duly stamped ; and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING presented resolutions of
the Legislature of New York, in favor of grant-
ing pensions to the surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of Alecklenburg county, Virginia, protesting
against the removal of the political disabili-
ties imposed on William Towne, jr. ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Air. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, praying for an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States recog-
nizing the obligations of the Christian religion ;
which was referred to the Committee oil the
J udiciary.
Air. AIORGAN presented the petition of the
president, professors, and students of medicine
of the University of New York, prayingthere-
organization of the medical department of the
Navy of the United States; which was ref> rred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Delaware county, New York, praying for such
an amendment to the Constitution as willfully
acknowledge tho obligations of the Christian
religion ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Air. NYE. I desire to present the petition
of George T. Old, of Virginia, together with a
certificate of the Lieutenant Governor of Vir-
ginia, Leopold C. P. Cowper, praying that his
disabilities may be removed and that he may
be restored to citizenship, asserting in his
petition that he was forced into the rebellion.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciaryt
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of mer-
chants of Philadelphia, praying the renewal
of the reciprocity treaty with Canada; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Boston, praying that a reciprocity treaty may
be made with Canada and the British prov-
inces; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
