164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February
Senate.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Saulsbury.
40tii Cong....3d Sess.
nations to witness the results in practice of a
theory so beautiful in idea. A negro was ele-
vated to the responsible office of chief justice;
and when some fourteen years ago, during what
is known as Walker's war, a minister accred-
ited from this country to Central America
entered upon the discharge of the duties of his
mission, he was honored by an official and
social call by the learned, distinguished, and
sable chief justice. Unable to solve a ques-
tion which seemed to possess but greatly to
trouble his mind, he propounded it to the
American minister in the following form:
"Mr. Minister, I should like to know what in
your opinion will become of the peoples when
the populations is all gone?" I commend this
illustration of practical " equality before the
law, without distinction of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude," to the sober
reflection, if of such they are capable, of those
who by this measure madly essay the same
experiment in this country, where the essen-
tial and inkerent inequality of races has been
so universally recognized and so thoroughly
evidenced, and where that inequality is much
greater than among any other people inhab-
iting the globe.
Mr. President, I have thus briefly, but more
extendedlythan I had intended to do, discussed
the views of this question which seemed most
important to me. I had hoped that before the
Senate was called upon to vote 011 this ques-
tion we should have heard some reasons as-
signed for its adoption. I have been disap-
pointed in that hope. Scarcely any one has
deigned to give us a reason why the measure
should be adopted. I know my honorable
friend from New Jersey, in the few brief re-
marks which he made, said that it had been
discussed before the people fully and the peo-
ple understood it; but some of us had not the
benefit of hearing what those cogent reasons
were which had convinced the people of the
necessity and the propriety of this measure.
The people of New Jersey were not con-
vinced ; the people of Kansas were not con-
vinced ; the people of Michigan were not con-
vinced ; and there is but one State where the
people have been convinced, and they were
only convinced because negro suffrage was put
upon the ticket with General Grant at the
head, and it was not allowed to be voted upon
as a separate proposition. I know of no peo-
ple of any State, therefore, that has been con-
vinced of the propriety of this amendment, or
of the adoption of its principle by the people
of any State.
Mr. President, this question of amending
the Constitution of the United States as pro-
posed never was made before the people of any
State. Striking out the word "white " in the
constitution of some of the States as an act
of the people themselves in relation to their
own State constitutions had been considered
and decided upon and rejected; but when you
announced in your platform that the people of
what you termed the loyal States should decide
this question for themselves you never dared,
in any speech that I ever saw reported made
by any of your orators, to say that you would
appeal to the people of three fourths of the
States to determine that question, not only for
themselves, but for the people of the States
who were opposed to it. No, sir; had you
done so I doubt not, notwithstanding you took
General Grant for your candidate for Presi-
dent, and as the only hope of your political
salvation, and would not have taken him if you
had thought there was salvation anywhere this
side of tbe grave for you as a political organ-
ization without him—although you took him,
you would have beers defeated, and most dis-
astrously defeated; and I have a right to pre-
sume that you so think now, or you would
agree to submit this amendment either to Legis-
latures or conventions hereafter to be chosen
by the people of the respective States.
You are acting in the same mode that you
acted with the southern people. _ You have
secured Legislatures you think in sufficient I
numbers to ratify it; and although it is so un- 1
popular with the people, although the people
of the country are so opposed to it, that ac-
cording to the statement made by the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] there is not
a square mile in the United States where the
doctrine is not unpopular, you undertake to
force it upon an unwilling people to whom it
is obnoxious and odious. What right have
you to force a measure upon an unwilling peo-
ple? If this measure be as unpopular as its
friends confess it is, admit it is, what right
have you to propose it? Who made you the
guardians of the people ? They are your mas-
ters. I trust in God, after you have exercised
this last tyrannical, despotic act, they will
show you that while you may
"Play such fantastic tricks before high heaven
As make the angels weep,"
yet they have the power to review your action
and hurl you from political power as willful
violators of sacred trusts unwittingly confided
to you.
Sir, the Senator from Nevada, who has this
resolution in charge, declined to enter into
any elaborate discussion of its principles, or
to enlighten us with the reasons which were
so manifest to him and so apparent to every-
body else why it should be adopted. He tells
us that he declines to enter into the discussion
because its reasons are so plain, so palpable ;
and he winds up by saying it is the crowning
act of the measures of the Republican party
during the last eight years.
Mr. President, it is true it is the crowning
act, a fitting crowning act, to the measures of
the Republican party during the last eight
years. What have been those acts? I do not
propose to enter into a detailed enumeration
of all the acts of this party during the period
selected by the Senator from Nevada, and to
consider them in connection with this, the
crowning act of them all. I do not wish to
occupy the time of the Senate with enumerat-
ing the transgressions of that political organ-
ization. I will express my opinion of it in
the language of Holy Writ, and that is that
"from the crown of its head to the soles of
its feet there is naught but wounds, bruises,
and putrifying sores. Your sins have been
sins of commission and sins of omission. You
have done the things which you ought not to
have done, and you have left undone the thing
you ought to have done, and there is no health
in you." And now, before I leave you, I
will only express for you the same kind feeling
which the judge always expresses to the mur-
derer when he has concluded the sentence of
execution against him, "May God Almighty
have mercy on your souls," ye murderers of
my country's Constitution.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask a question
of the Senator. It is, if when the judge says
that, he does not generally stop.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I cannot hear the Sen-
ator's question, but when I conclude, if he
will raise his voice so that I may hear I shall
be very happy to give some attention to so
good-natured a gentleman.
Mr. NYE. That is generally the last that
is said, is it not?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I will
reply to the Senator's question by relating one
of his own anecdotes—he is full of them. He
stated that on one occasion some one saw a
man beating a dead skunk with a club. The
man beating it was a Universalist. His neighbor
remonstrated with him for beating the skunk,
as it was dead. Saidhe, " You are a Univer-
salist ; you do not believe in a state of future
rewards and punishments ; you ought, there-
fore, not to beat the skunk after he is dead."
"Well," said the man who was beating it,
u that is my faith in general, but in reference
to this particular skunk I think it deserves pun-
ishment after death." [Laughter.] So in
reference to this political party. [Laughter.]
Although sentence may have been passed and
prayer offered, it is not dead yet., [continued
laughter;] but if it was dead it is a political
skunk that needs punishment after death.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
from Delaware if the other party is not dead?
If it is not, it ought to be. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. SAULSBURY. No, Mr. President, it
lives, and you saw last summer its manifesta-
tions of life, and you were compelled to nomi-
nate as your candidate for president a man
who always professed to be a Democrat, and
whom you hoped might carry you through the
last presidential election on his military record.
You were afraid to take a man that had ever
voted your ticket or been identified with your
party, and you nominated a Democrat simply
because you thought you could elect him on a
good war record and could not elect one of
your patriotic citizens who preached war but
did not fight.
Mr. President, I said that I accepted it as
true that this was a fit crowning act to the
measures of the Republican party during the
last eight years. Measures may be either by
enactment or measures adopted in action and
evidenced by action. The Republican party
has two records of its measures, one expressed
in writing in the form of legislative enactments,
and one evidenced by its action. Sir, I will
enter into no history of the origin of the late
struggle. I content myself with saying that it
was precipitated by the fanaticism, intolerance,
and obstinacy of the Republican party, and
might have been avoided-- by the exercise of
wisdom, patriotism, and justice by those repre-
senting it in the Congress of the United States.
What did you do after the inauguration of war?
Without authority of law, as a party you sus-
pended by presidential proclamation that guar-
antee of civil liberty and the constitutional
rights of the people, the writ of habeas corpus.
Instead of suspending it, if necessary to be
suspended, directly yourselves, you undertook
to delegate authority to suspend that writ to
another, to the President of the United States ;
and hundreds and thousands of innocent men
have lain in bastiles and suffered from this
exercise of tyrannical power which you au-
thorized. Seized suddenly with a love for
the negro, you established for his benefit a
great Freedmen's Bureau and taxed the white
people of this country millions and millions
of dollarsevery yearto supporthim in idleness.
Without enumerating all your misdeeds, you
passed what you called the civil-rights bill,
which invaded every State of this Union, and
divested the courts of the States of the power
of determining questions relating to the rights
of property, life, and liberty within their own
States in certain cases ; so that in the cases
contemplated by your bill the Federal courts
could not only try title to lands, titles to or the
possession of land, but also usurp the admin
istration of the criminal law, and oust the
State courts of their jurisdiction of the crimi-
nal law within the States. That was one great
stab that you gave to the constitutional rights
of the people of the States. I will not argue
the questions involved in the miscalled civil-
rights bill now." I argued them fully when
that measure was before the Senate.
You have wantonly violated every provision
of every article of the thirteen amendments
designed to protect the citizen in his rights of
life, liberty, and property.
Finally, passing over many of your legisla-
tive enactments, which, in my judgment, were
flagrantly unconstitutional, you dissolved the
Union; you annihilated nine or ten States;
you destroyed the right of property within these
States; you let loose upon the community, if
your reconstruction measures were constitu-
tional, the assassin and the murderer to roam
and destroy life at will, subject only to the
authority of Ulysses S. Grant. In those States
