1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of W.
C. Booth, the petition of E. T. Adams, and
the petition of F. I. Jenkins, all of Amelia
Court-House, Virginia, praying to be relieved
from the political disabilities imposed on them
by acts of Congress; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. It.
No. 112) relating to captures made by Admiral
Parragut's fleet in the Mississippi river in May,
1802, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William A. Parker,
captain United States Navy, praying to be re-
stored to the active list, submitted an adverse
report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1966) for the
relief of Poster and Tower, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of naval officers at
League Island, praying relief for Mrs. Jane
Deau Bishop, widow of William S. Bishop,
deceased, late a surgeon in the Navy, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1967) to com-
pensate the officers and crew of the United
States steamer Kearsarge for the destruction of
the rebel piratical vessel Alabama, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. CONNESS, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 856) to promote the building
of steamships in the United States, and to pro-
vide for the transportation of the United States
mails between New York and Europe by steam-
ships built in the United States, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Western Union Telegraph Company, re-
ported a joint resolution (S. 11. No. 228) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to admit
free of duty certain submarine telegraph cable;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 190d)
to establish the collection district of Aroostook,
in the State of Maine, and to more accurately
define the boundaries of the district of Newark,
New Jersey, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the following
petitions, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to
The petition of Robert B. Riell, captain
United States Navy, praying to be allowed the
retired pay of a captain ; and
The petition of William (i. McEwan, pray-
ing a removal of his disability, so that he may
be enabled to receive the benefit of the act
declaring that officers of the Navy shall not be
deprived of their regular promotion on account
of wounds received in battle.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred thememorial of
William Chinn,of Prince William county, Vir-
ginia, praying for compensation for property
taken and used by the military forces of the
United States, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H,
R. No. 280) for the relief of Mrs. Ella E. Ho-
hart, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, the same subject having been
reported on by the Committee on Military ;
Ati'airs ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee,_to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1128) for the
reliefof Isaac Watts,reporteditwithoutamend- j
me nt. |
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on i
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill >
(H. R. No. 1485) providing for an election in
Virginia, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 874) to establish
a department of home affairs, reported ad-
versely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
224) proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wag referred the bill (S. No. 947) to provide
for the removal of the archives of the St.
Augustine branch of the United States land
office at Tallahassee, Florida, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
227) regulating the commencement of actions
in the Court of Claims, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following reports, resolu-
tions, and memorials, asked to be discharged
.from their further consideration; which was
agreed to:
A letter from the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating a corrected copy of the constitution
framed by the Virginia convention, asfurnished
by Brevet Brigadier General J. M; Seofield,
commanding the first military district;
A resolution of the Republican executive
committee of Fredericksburg, Virginia, remon-
strating against striking out the disfranchising
clause in the proposed constitution of that State,
and against the removal of the disabilities of
the present civil officers ;
Resolutions of the constitutional convention
of Texas, respecting a division of said State,
and providing for the election of delegates to
proceed to Washington to represent the condi-
tion of the State;
A resolution of the Providence Board of
Trade against any further extension of that
section of the bankrupt act known as the fifty
per cent, provision;
A memorial of the Boston Board of Trade
against any alteration or change in the present
bankrupt law : for the appointment of a com-
mission to revise the tariff, and in relation to
the various State and municipal fees levied
upon vessels engaged in the foreign and coast-
wise trade of the United States; and
A memorial of the Legislature of Alabama
in favor of the passage of a law allowing inter-
est on $103,991 21 of the two and three per
cent, funds due to that State which accrued
between 1S20 and 1831.
MEMORIAL OF DUFF GREEN.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print
the memorial of Duff Green on the^ subject
of the national debt, currency, banking, and
finance, have instructed me to report in favor
of the motion, and to ask for its consideration
now.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the memorial of Duff Green was
ordered to be printed. I do not think we are
called upon to print that paper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurson the motion to print the memorial.
Mr. THAYER. I simply desire to say that
I hope the Senate will not order the printing
of such communications, and I do not think
that one should be singled out, especially from
Duff Green, to receive consequence from being
printed by the Senate.
Mr. HO WARD. I should like to hear some
explanation of this report of the Committee
on Printing in favor of printing this memorial.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the Senate are aware,
it is not the custom of the Committee on Print
ing to recommend the printing of memorials-;
but it was represented to us by several Sen-
ators that this memorial contained a great deal
of valuable information that would be of use
ia discussing the subject of finances, and upon
their recommendation the committee advised
that the Senate should print it. It will cost
about fifty dollars to do it. There are some
tables accompanying it which are represented
to us to be very valuable and useful in the dis-
cussion. Of course it is impossible for us to
read every document the printing of which is  
submitted to us, and me must pay some regard
to the information of those who do know about
the contents of the papers.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not a question of
fifty dollars. It is a question of whether a
paper sent in here by a rebel, giving us advice
as to what we shall do upon public affairs, shall
be ordered to be printed, while the ablest men
of this country are engaged constantly in writ-
ing pamphlets and sending them to us at their
own expense upon the subject. Now, sir, I
hope that this man will be permitted to priut
his advice, and then he can have the privilege
of sending it here, but that the rule will not be
established of printing the memorial of every
person who sees fit to send one here, and of
his class particularly.
Mr. DIXON. As I presented the memo-
rial at the request of General Green, and made
a motion to print, which was my own motion,
I propose to say a word in reply to the Sen-
ator from California. With regard to General
Green being a rebel, I know nothing. He
may have been or may not. I never heard
and do not know. But I take it a rebel has a
right to petition. I did not know that the
right to petition was confined to any class of
men in this country.
But the Senator says it takes the form of
advice. I do not understand it to be advice
at all; and the reason why I moved to print it
was this: I found, in reading the document,
that it contained information which seemed
to me of very great value upon the important
question of the finances—information which I
do not know can be obtained anywhere else,
at any rate, without very great labor, and I
thought it would be a valuable document; that
it would well pay for printing; that the inform-
ation contained in it ought to be spread before
the Senate and before the country. Therefore
I made the motion. I care nothing about it.
I feel no interest whatever in it.
Mr. THAYER. The honorable Senator
from Californiaanticipated my remarks entirely
as to the reasons which induced me to move
the reconsideration. He i3 correct, as I am
informed by other Senators, in characterizing
this Green as a notorious sympathizer with the
rebellion during the war; and I do not think
we are called upon to recognize him to th e
extent of publishing his voluntary communi-
cations to this Senate. He has been writing
these communications for some time back,
from before the flood almost, I believe,
[laughter,] and I do not think they are of
such an instructive character that they should
be entitled to be printed at public expense. I
move to lay the whole subject on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 954) amending the preemption and home-
stead laws so as to require the planting of
trees on homestead and preemption settle-
ments ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 055) for the relief of Mary
A. Coolidge ; which was read twice by iU tide,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to printed.
Mr. ICELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b.
No. 056) to establish and declare the railroad
