1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
40th Cong....3d Sbss.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
you dissolved society, you arbitrarily loosed
the bands of society, and sent forth the inhab-
itants of those States houseless and homeless
in a state of nature, vagabonds and wanderers,
with a license to ail to kill and murder them
■without the possibility of judicial conviction
and punishment of the crime committed.
Sir, gentlemen here from the South may
doubt this, but if your reconstruction measures
were constitutional at the time they were
adopted, and when the representatives of the
South had not seats on this floor, I say that no
man in any of those States which were not
recognized by these acts as in the Union
owned a foot of land or any article of property
of any character or description whatever. You
established a military despotism over nine or
ten States greater in extent than England and
France and Austria combined, and over eight
millions people; and now you propose this
as a crowning act of all your measures in the
past—ah act, an amendment, which loaves
unenfranchised thousands of the white race,
and only enfranchises the negro. Yes, sir; it
fitly crowns them all. There is no star in that
crown. It is blaek, horrible, hideous. It is
the crown of despotism over the other States
of this Union and over the people inhabiting
them. It is an attempt to do in the States that
never assumed to secede what you did by the
adoption of your reconstruction measures—to
destroy the State governments and to subvert
the liberties of their people. Should it be a
subject of rejoicing to the honorable gentle-
man from Nevada? Sir, it is a measure which,
if adopted, will send a thrill of horror through
the soul, and fill with sadness, gloom, and
despondency the heart of every lover of the
Constitution of his country and the constitu-
tion and independence of his State in this
broad land. No longer can we as Americans
boast of our freedom, no longer can we invite
to our shores the oppressed of foreign climes;
for then the freedom of our fathers will have
disappeared ; in the place of a free and happy
Government the wings of despotism will over-
shadow us all.
To justify any amendment of the Constitu-
tion these facts must be made to appear:
1. Authority to make it.
2. Necessity of its being made, arising from
evils suffered from its not having been made.
3. That these evils would not exist if the
amendment should be made, and that those
evils are greater than would result from the
making of the amendment.
4. That society and government would be
improved by its being made.
1 admit that two thirds of Congress and
three fourths of the States are, under the Con-
stitution, the judges of the necessity of amend-
ments; but their judgment is not to be exer-
cised arbitrarily, but must be founded upon an
honest conviction that amendment is necessary.
Apply the four tests of justification which I
have suggested to the resolution under con-
sideration, and what honest man can give it
his support? It may be within the range of
possibility that such a man can be found, but
he who accords to such a one honesty of pur-
pose must do so from the charitable conviction
that he is intellectually,inherently, and essen-
tially weak.
Mr. President, this proposition has its origin
in the supposed necessity of party, not in the
necessity of good or wise government. This
is so manifest from the uniform action of Con-
gress in relation to kindred subjects, as well
as to the proposition itself, that no artifice can
conceal the fact, and no denial of it is worthy
of credit.
Sir, I protest against the passage of this res-
olution. I protest against it in the name of
the Constitution of the United States of Amer-
ica. I protest against it in the. name of the
contitution of my State. I protest against it
in the name of civil liberty, which is dear and
should be dear to the heart of every American
citizen. I protest against it in the names of
our departed heroes and sages. Were it given,
sir, to the wise men who framed the Constitu-
tion to look down from the heights above upon
their descendants in these Halls of Congress,
and could it be possible that sadness could be
known in heaven, they would shed bitter tears
of anguish over the action of those who are
engaged in destroying that which they fondly
hoped might exist forever. Pause, Mr. Presi-
dent. Pause, Senators. The destruction of
the Federal Union,the destruction of the State
governments, the destruction of civil liberty
are to be the consequences of your inconsider-
ate action.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. J. A. BAYABJD,
0  DELAWARE,
In the United States Senate,
February 6, 1869,
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States—
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President: Without a hope that any
argument of mine will avail to-prevent the
adoption of the pending amendment, yet I owe
the duty to the people of my State and to my
country to protest against its adoption in any
of its forms as not only subversive of our sys-
tem of government, but also irretrievably dis-
astrous to the peace; prosperity, and happiness
of the whole country.
The amendment now proposed to the Fed-
eral Constitution, if adopted, not only effects
its particular object, to confer the franchise of
suffrage upon an inferior race, but, in effect, it
subverts the system of government organized
by our ancestors, and converts a confederated
Republic into an elective despotism. Univer-
sal suffrage, the hobby of the day, gives no
security for the preservation of civil liberty;
and the imperial Government of France, with
its six million majority, affords ample illustra-
tion of the inefficiency of such a remedy to
secure liberty against the aggressions of power.
The legitimate object of all government is the
greatest good of the whole people, but it does
not follow that this object can be attained and
secured by vesting political power in every
member of the community. I am aware that
this is generally assumed, but I have yet to
hear any rational and convincing argument in
its support. Admitting, fully as I do, that the
just basis of all government is "the consent
of the governed," yet like all general proposi-
tions it is subject to exceptions, and is in fact
but a sound political maxim, dependent for its
practical application upon the condition of the
country and the community to which it is
applied.
I am also aware that in characterizing this
Federal Government of ours as a confederated
Republic I subject myself to the charge made
about a'year ago by the honorable Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Drake] of libeling the
Constitution of my country. I will not say
what our Government now is, but that by those
who organized and framed it it was intended
to be a confederated Republic I can entertain
no doubt.
Mr. President, on former occasions I have
given my views of the structure of the Federal
Government, and they remain unaltered. I
was never an extreme State-rights man, but
have always believed that the States had rights.
I shall not now attempt to repeat or defend
the views I then urged as to the character and
structure of the Government. It is sufficient
for the present to rebut the charge of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, made in his
fpeech on the (5th of February, 1808, which
I have before me, by authorities which he will
scarcely controvert, which the Senate certainly
must respect, and which I am sure will have
a preponderating weight with the people of
the United States. The language of the hon;
orable Senator in that speech was:
" Mr. President, there are millions in this land who
have heard of the Union all their lives, and yet can-
not intelligently answer the simple question, what
is the Union. Other millions there are who have
from the cradle been taught to regard it as anything
but what it is, and will answer that it is a confederacy.
I hear it libeled sometimes on this floor by being so
called."
Mr. President, if in error at least I have high
authority for the alleged heresy of considering
the Government of this country a confederated
Republic, and I beg leave to refer to it for the
purpose of sustaining my opinion. When the
Government of the United States was organ-
ized in the year 1789, after the inaugural ad-
dress of George Washington, the first Senate
of the United States, composed in part of meii
who had framed the Constitution they were
then about to set in motion, ordered that the
Vice President should sign an address adopted
unanimously in reply to the inaugural address
of George Washington. I quote its exact lan-
guage at its conclusion:
" We beg you to be assured that the Senate will at
all times cooperate in every measure which may
strengthen the Union, conduce to the happiness, and
perpetuate the liberties of this great confederated
Hepublic."
You will find the address at length in the
annals of Congress 1789-91, page 32. In the
answer to this address by the " Father of his
Country" he attributes the same character to
the Government. He expressed his happiness
in the conviction ''that the Senate will at all
times cooperate in every measure which may
tend to the welfare of this confederated Pie-
pub lie." (Annals of Congress, same volume,
page 38.)
I trust, therefore, I may be pardoned, or at
least exculpated, from the charge of heresy
when I characterize this Government as a con-
federated Republic.
Sir, allgovernments may be divided into gov-
ernments of will and governments of law, and,
in my judgment, a government of law is alone
a free government—a government of liberty.
A government of mere will, whether it be the
will of a single despot, of an oligarchy, or of a
majority of numbers, is equally a despotism;
and, in my belief, the most remorseless and
tyrannical of all despotisms is that which exists
by the unrestricted will of a majority of num-
bers. The reason for this is obvious. A single
despot would be restrained in his tyranny from
the fact that by its oppressive exercise, the phys-
ical force of the community being against him,
he would hazard the continuance of his power.
The same restraint would operate upon an oli-
garchy ; but the majority of numbers implies
physical force, and with its wiil unrestricted
there is no security against the most unrelent-
ing despotism.
Montesquieu, perhaps the most philosophical
of all writers upon public law, tells us that no
government can be a free government unless
its powers are subdivided and confided to dif-
ferent depositaries ; and the '"Federalist" thus
characterizes a government of mere will:
"The accumulation of all powers, legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial, in the same hands, whether ot
one, a few, or the many, and whether hereditary,
self-appointed, orelective, may be justly pronounced
the very definition of tyranny."—No. 47, p. oii, /lam-
ilton's edition.
The State of Massachusetts has embodied
this principle in her constitution with great
distinctness:
"In the government of this Commonwealth the
legislativedepartmenl shall never exercise the execu-
tive and judicial powers, nor either ot them; the
executive shall never exercise the legislative and
judicial powers.oreitlierofthem; thojudiciaryshall
never exercise the legislative and executive powers,
or either of them; to the end that it may be a govern-
ment of laws, and not a government of men."
The principle of this division of powers is
that from the tendency in man of unrestricted
will to tyranny, "the limitation of power."
wherever confided, is essential to the perma-
