390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
imposed upon first. The testimony which I
bore to the loyalty of this lady, and which is
commented npon so sneeringly in that letter,
is not my testimony; it is the testimony of our
officers. They said before the committee that
they were received hospitably and kindly into
that house. Perhaps they were not. Perhaps
the writer of this letter knows better than they
do whether they were so received or not. They
stated that they had received from this lady
valuable information. It is not strange, with
such evidence beforena, that I, and that mem-
bers of the committee much more astute than
I, should have come to the conclusion that
these officers knew what they testified to, and
testified to the truth. If it is possible that this
lady, a rebel, was capable of convincing our
officers there during their long sojourn that
she was loyal, and capable of so convincing
the Committee on Claims, composed of men
such as the late Senator from New Hampshire
and the present Senator from Wisconsin, his
successor in the chairmanship of that commit-
tee, then I think a woman of such remarkable
talents could find much better employment for
them than in trying to get her just dues out of
the United States and this Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the motion to recommit this bill. I
have heard nothing on this floor that in my
judgment impugns the loyalty of this woman.
I never saw Miss Murphey but once that I
remember, and that has been some two years
ago ; but after the Senate have heard the testi-
mony ofthe military officersand the statements
of the former chairman of the Committee on
Claims in relation to the proof of the loyalty
of this woman, I do not think the Senate ought
to doubt. There is nothing that has been said
or produced in the course of this debate against
the loyalty of Sue Murphey that, in my judg-
ment, ought to influence the decision of a
single Senator in relation to the point of her
loyalty, so far as it has been impugned in the
course of the progress of this debate. What-
ever has been brought up in that form, in my
judgment, deserves the scorn and contempt of
universal manhood.
- Mr. D00L1TTLE. Mr. President., I never
refer to private correspondence in the Senate,
except under very extraordinary circumstances.
I act upon the report of the committee, sup-
posing that this case was investigated by them ;
but when a letter comes in at the end of the
discussion which is to throw a doubt over the
claimant's loyalty, I feel under the circum-
stanccs constrained to state a fact which under
other circumstances I would not state.
Some year or two years ago, precisely the time
when I do not remember, Judge Dox, a friend
whom I knew at college, who graduated the year
before I did, wrote a letter to me introducing
Miss Sue Murphey, from Alabama, and speak-
ing of her in high terms and as a loyal citizen
of the United States. I feel bound to state
that.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator state the
date of that letter?
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I cannot state the pre-
cise date, but it is a year or two since Judge
Dox wrote to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the status of
Judge Dox?
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Judge Dox, I believe,
was a loyal man always, in the State of Ala-
bama. Ho was originally from the State of
New York, a resident of Ontario county, and
went to Alabama many years ago. That is roy
understanding of his position during the war in
Alabama.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My confidence in the
judgment of the committee on this question
has not been shaken. I have had some little
experience in courts, and I say the kind of
evidence that has been introduced here, in my
opinion, would not. disturb the judgment of a
judge or of a court in the most trivial case
that could possibly come before them.
In regard to this claim upon the pending
point, the judgment of the committee is sup- I
ported by the testimony of the officers who
commanded at Decatur, in Alabama. Those
officers had opportunities to know. They state
not Only their judgment about it, as I under-
stand, but they state the conduct of this per-
son, and that conduct establishes the fact that
she was true to the Union during the-war.
Now, the Senator from Massachusetts made
his argument, it seemed to me. mainly for one
purpose. A few days ago he had introduced
the testimony of a witness who was impeached
—some person unknown to the Senate for any
very respectable purpose—and the Seuator
comes up to-day with a view to support that
impeached witness; and what is his support?
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to mention
another fact, with the Senator's permission?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
Mr. FOWLER. I stated the other day what
what I meant to say in regard to Mr. Hum-
phreys. I had friendly feelings toward him.
I wish now to state another fact that transpired
last night. Mr. Humphreys made two visits
last night. For the first time in his life he
visited Miss Sue Murphey and told her that he
was sorry he had written that letter, and he
blamed her step-father for not informing him
that the Ku-Klux were going to drive him out
of the place, and also for a matter in connec-
tion with some money that was owing him.
This was the first time he had ever seen Miss
Murphey.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the witness
introduced to overcome the testimony of the
commanding officers at Decatur. As I was
going to suggest, the Senator from Massachu-
setts does not undertake to forti fy the character
of this witness by any knowledge of his char-
acter and his habits of life, which is the usual
mode of supporting a witness in court; but he
support.; it by a conversation that he had with
this witness last night, and wants the Senate
to believe the witness because of the sweetness
of his style and the consistency of his state-
ments. Why, Mr. President, there are many
of the most objectionable witnesses that ever
come into courts who come in with a sfriooth
tongue and a very delightful style. Of course,
this witness is not to be credited here in oppo-
sition to the testimony of the officers known
to the Senate, and such support as the Senator
has been able to give to him will not estab-
lish him in the confidence of the Sena'te, in
my judgment.
I am willing that this bill shall go back
to the committee. If any Senator has any
doubt on the question let the subject be con-
sidered again by the committee; but I do not
vote that it go to the committee because of any
supposed force found in the testimony that has
been introduced by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Then, who wrote the letter he read from a
little while ago ? Who is she? What is she?
What are the motives that govern her in trying
to defeat a bill in favor of her own sex here ?
Wo do not know anything about it. It is bet-
ter to rely on the testimony of the officers, who
have no motives to govern them for any im-
proper purpose.
The Senator's illustration will not serve his
purpose, in my judgment; his effort to illus-
trate a principle of law by a figure of speech
will not do. He says Alabama was a prison-
house ; therefore his argument is the people
were all criminals. Asa matter of fact that
will not do. That is the only logic there is
found in his illustration.
J had supposed that the debate was closed
by the argument of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and I was surprised at the Senator from
Massachusetts reopening it; but unquestiona-
bly he felta desire to support the witness whom
he had called to the stand, and in that view
perhaps is justified. When the witness fell
here, of course it was his business to try and
hold him up. I.have done that many a time
in court; but if the witness Was not himself
tolerably strong, my efforts generally did not
do much good. 1 believe just what these offi-
cers have said about this girl. I do not think
there is anything now before the Senate to
weaken our confidence in their statements. I
do not think the case stated by the Senator
from New York furnishes any illustration or
any admonition to the Senate against this class
of cases.
Mr. President, my principal purpose in rising
was to inquire whether the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] yesterday goes with the bill to the
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it does, if the motion covers the bill and the
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That amendment does
not relate to the bill; it does not relate to the
class of cases of which the case of Sue Mur-
phey is one, but to altogether another class, as
I understand—."claims for supplies furnished to
the quartermaster and commissary service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands now that the motion was that the
bill be recommitted, and it did not mention the
amendment. The motion, therefore, only cov-
ers the bill, and does not carry the amendment
with it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad the amend-
ment does not go, because I think it ought not
to be attached to this bill. It is not a part of
the bill; it does not relate to it; it is not ger-
mane to the subject.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to make an
inquiry of the Chair. I desire to know where
the amendment goes to? [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. The amendment stays
on the table, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment has not been adopted, and therefore it
does not go with the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I suggest that the
motion for reference be modified so as to in-
clude the bill and ail pending amendments,
which will carry the amendment of my col-
league.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that amendment is
proposed I shall oppose it, and I should oppose
it upon principle if it were an original measure.
In the first place, I do not think it is right to
try to burden one measure with another meas-
ure not kindred to it. It is hardly fair legisla-
tion upon a private bill to thrust another sub-
ject which ought not to be connected with it,
and which hasnonatural relation toit. Iwould
not support such a proposition as that made
by the Senator from Massachusetts. I think
if these claims are to bo considered at, any time
by any accounting officers of the Government
it ought to be by those officers already provided
for by law. I do not think military men are
specially qualified to audit accounts. This pro-
position that a civilian in office is not to be
trusted, but that he is to be displaced and mili-
tary men appointed to settle accounts against
the Government, I do not agree to.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say to the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana that in preparing
the amendment originally I put into it a pro-
vision that would cover this case; but I was
not satisfied that it was clearly drawn and
well defined enough, and I supposed if the bill
was to be recommitted the amendment would
follow the bill and that the committee could
make such modifications as they saw fit to cover
that, point, and could do it in a way to be per-
fectly safe.
I want to say a word to the Senator in regard
to another matter. There have been twenty-
five thousand claims made before the quarter-
master and commissary departments. They
have examined nearly twenty thousand of these
claims. Their practice is to send into the sec-
tions of country where the claims originate to
ascertain them, and they have the most thorough
system of investigation. They find a great many
officers who have either forgotten the facts or
make statements that cannot be relied upon,
as probably some maybe in this very case now
pending. I hope the bill, the amendment, and
everything pertaining to it will go to the com-
