1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and
Chattanooga Railroad Company as hereafter
constructed westward from the city of New Or-
leans a post road; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 229) extending time to con-
struct a railroad from St. Croix Lake to Lake
Superior, and granting lands to the Western
i Wisconsin Railroad Company ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
evening session for friday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
to-morrow take a recess from four to seven
o'clock, for the purpose of considering business
from the Committee on Commerce at the even-
ing session.
The motion was agreed to.
the public debt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to withdraw the
motion submitted by me on the 11th instant, to
reconsider the vote whereby the resolution sub-
mitted by the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbury] was agreed to, requesting the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to furnish information
as to the amount of money loaned the Govern-
ment during the years 1861 to 1808, inclusive,
respectively; what amount in coin and what
in currency. I ask leave to withdraw the
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection tho motion may bo withdrawn.
The Chair hears no objection.
message from this iiocsh.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Ilouse had passed the bill (S. No. 'JIS5)
to provide for a term of the circuit and district
courts of the United States for tho district of
Vermont.
The message also announced that the Ilouse
returned to the Senate, in compliance with ils
request, the bill (II. R, No. GO!!) granting pen-
sions to certain soldiers and sailors of tho war
of 1812, rejected by tho Senate on tlie ltith
instant, and returned to tho House of Repre-
sentatives.
The message further announced that tho
Ilouse had appointed Mr. W. H. Kblsey, of
New York, to be one of the managers on the
part of the House at the conference on tho
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. It. No. 1570) making appropriations
im- tho consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June SO,
JK70, and for other purposes, in the place of
Mr. r.i.niv 15. Washburn u, excused.
enrolled bills sionkd.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President,pro tempore:
A bill (II. K. No. 174">) for the relief of the
estate ot Isaac Phillips, deceased, who was a
private in the revolutionary war;
A bill (II. R. No. I74U)' granting a pension
to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North Carolina,
and a soldier of tho war of 1812; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 4">0) author-
izing t.he Secretary of War to allow to the New
Y ork and Oswego Midland Railroad Company
a right of way across a portion of the public
ground at Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York,
lor railroad purposes.
l'ay of southern senators.
Mr, MORTON. I move t o take up this morn-
ing, for the purpose of having it settled, a mat-
ter ibat was left unsettled by the Senate some
two weeks ago—the resolution to determine the
question of the compensation to Senators from
the reconstructed States. It is due to these
senators that tne question should be settled,
and I think it will take but a short time There-
fore I move to take up tho resolution this
morn'u;;.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to pay to the Senators from the States of North
Carolina. South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Arkan-
sas, and Louisiana the compensation allowed by law,
to be computed from the commencement of the For-
tieth Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, as under the rules it must be treated
like a bill.
Mr. WHYTE. I desire to ask a question.
Was it not voted down at the last session and
disposed of ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a reso-
lution which has been before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to in-
quire about the time fixed for the compensa-
tion to commence. As I understand the reso-
lution fixes a time long before the States were
admitted. I move to amend by making it
commence at the second session of the For-
tieth Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to amend tho resolution by inserting before the
word " Fortieth" the words " second session
of the so as to read, " to be computed from
the commencement of the second session of
the Fortieth Congress."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not wish to say
anything in regard to the compensation of these
gentlemen; but I wish to remind the Senate
that both the Senate and the House declared
by solemn act of Congress that at the com-
mencement of the Fortieth Congress there
were no such States as North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Alabama in the Union; that
there wore no valid State governments existing
there. Therefore, as the creators of States,
you adopted means by which they might be-
come Slates. Now, the consistency of the
action of the Senate is not in my keeping; I
only suggest that the Senate took that position
atthe coinmencementand after the commence-
ment of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr.FRELINGH UYSEN. I understand that
tho Senate had this subject under discussion at
the last session, and that the conclusion then
arrived at was that compensation should be
allowed from the time the States were restored
to their relations to the General Government,
and that this resolution is to reverse the action
taken by the Senate at that time. I understand
that by the law as it exists no Senator is entitled
to receive compensation excepting during that
period that he is here. If he is absent, except
by reason of his own sickness or the sickness
of his family, there is a deduction made from
his compensation. That being the case, I can-
not see the propriety of voting compensation
during a period when we know that the Sen-
ators were not in attendance. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] had this subject
more especially under his charge, and I have
sent for him.
Mr. YATES. This question has been argued
before in extenso. When the proposition first
came up 1 remember to have made some re-
marks upon it myself, and since that time I
have examined the subject of the practice of
Congress in relation to cases entirely similar
and analogous to this, and I find this proposi-
tion to be true, that it has been the uniform
practice of Congress, without a solitary excep-
tion in the whole history of legislation on this
subject, to grant to a member-elect compensa-
tion for the term to which he was elected, in
accordance with the law of 1857, which pos-
itively declares that he shall receive compen-
sation for that time. That law provides:
"That on the first day of tho session of cadi Con-
gress, or as soon thereafter as he may be in attend-
ance and apply, oach Senator, Representative, and
Delegate shall receive Ins mileage as now provided
by taw, and all his compensation from the beginning
of his term."
The senatorial term of course means the
time from which there was a vacancy in con-
templation of law, and the construction which
Congress has given to this act has been utii- |
formly and invariably the same. In tiie case I
of^Tennessee, for instance, the Senators were
paid at the second session of the Congress
when they came herefrom the commencement
of the term. The Senators from West Virginia
took their seats at an advanced period of the
Congress and were paid from the commence-
ment of the term. In the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, when members were expelled from the
House, the persons who were elected to fill
their vacancies received compensation from
the beginning of the term. In the case of
Arkansas, a very marked case, where members
were elected to Congress who would have re-
ceived pay had they been admitted to theirseats,
but who did not because of the rebellion, their
successors, although elected at an advanced
period of the Congress, received their pay from
the beginning of the term.
The law is precise in its meaning, it is defi-
nite in its meaning ; and I maintain that it is
not within the province of Congress to inquire
whether the State governments were govern-
ments in existence at the time in the contem-
plation of law. Of course I mean in the con-
templation of law merely. I am not speaking
of actual facts. No State has been out of the
Union. Every State has had a term in Con-
gress for its Senators and Representatives, and
every person elected to fill that term under the
law is entitled to pay from the beginning of
that term. I have here a collection of the pre-
cedents. There has been no variation, there
has been no decision contrary to this uniform
practice of the Government.
Now, sir, I maintain that we ought not at this
time to make a precedent against the loyal
Senators elected from these impoverished and
devastated States—men who were loyal under
great difficulties, who faced the storm of revo-
lution, who faced the fires of persecution, who
were true to the flag in the times that tried
men's souls. I say if we are to change this
law, or to change the precedent, let us not do
it in the case of the loyal Senators and Repre-
sentatives from these southern States.
Mr. President, another point. This matter
would have been decided long since, and decided
according to the law and according to the pre-
cedents of the case, but for the delicacy of the
southern Senators and Representatives. They
have refused to vote as a mere question of deli-
cacy. _ I have the right as a Senator, and I will
do it if it is nccessary in order to sustain the
precedents heretofore established, to demand
that the name of each of these Senators be
called when the vote is taken upon this propo-
sition. They have the same right to vote that
others have, and are bound to cast their votes
though they are to receive this pay. They ought
to take the responsibility of voting this pay just
as much as I did when 1 voted to increase my
compensation as a Senator. If'it is necessary,
in order that justice may be done, that the law
shall be carried out, that they shall receive
compensation from the beginning of the term
according to the law and according to every
precedent established by Congress, I shall
demand, under the rule of the Senate, that the
name of each Senator be called and that he
answer.
Sir, I do not propose to extend this argu-
ment. I presented my views upon the question
at length on a former occasion. I am satisfied
that there is no propriety, I am satisfied that
there will be absolute injustice on the part of
the Republican party to turn the cold shoulder
upon these loyal Senators and Representatives.
In every instance in the former history and prac-
tice of the Government pay has been allowed to
every man from the commencement of his term.
There are five or six States, I will say to the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] where
elections for Representatives do not take place
till after the commencement of the term for
which they are elected, some of them as late
as July and August when the term begins in
March, and yet it has been the practice of
Congress to allow full compensation in all such
cases.
Now, sir, upon all principle, all precedents,
all law, all fairness and justness and propriety,
