1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
posed of, until my friend from Maine stall
have disposed of that appropriation bill, which
I think he is entitled to have disposed of be-
cause it has been partly considered, if for no
other reason, Now, if the friends of this
proposition, which does not require any time
after we dispose of it, as it has not to go to
the other House, will suffer it to go over, we
can finish the appropriation bill this afternoon,
and then take up the other bill and finish that
to-morrow. I hope the Senate will agree to
that.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senate will con-
tinue the consideration of this present question
until it is disposed of. There is no economy
in point of time, but a great loss of time by
half considering a proposition and then laying
it by and calling it up' again. _ The result is
generally that the whole discussion is gone over
again, and it takes as much time at last as it
would have done to finish it inj.he beginning.
Now, I think it will take a very short time to
dispose of the question, and it is due to the
Senators interested that it be disposed of at
onee. If it is now laid over it will take just as
much time to-morrow or the next day as if
there had been nothing said about it to-day.
Therefore, as a matter of economy of the tim'e
of the Senate, it seems to me it should be
disposed of now.
Mr. DllAKB. I would inquire of the Chair
whether the unfinished business that would
have been taken tip yesterday at one o'clock
but for the interposition of the constitutional
amendment is now entitled to its position as un-
finished business, or whether it was displaced?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was dis-
placed yesterday by other busin&ss.
Mr. DliAKE. So as not any longer to be
entitled to that position?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is no
longer entitled to precedence.
Mr. FESSENDlfiN. My experience satisfies
me that it would be very unjust to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations longer
to postpone action upon the bills in his cliaige.
When 1 suggested to him yesterday that he
give way to allow us to finish the important
question of the constitutional amendment 1
had no idea that it would take so long as it did.
I know that the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations has two things to do, especially
at tfiis period of the session ; he must not only
carry his bills through the Senate, but lie must
be preparing the bills which are behind in his
committee-room. Now, if we keep him here
on the alert; if we postpone the Indian appro-
priation bill, tho Army appropriation bill will
be upon him, which he, with his committee,
must be examining ; and it would bo crowding
business in a manner that would prevent his
ability, or tho ability of any man standing in
that position, to manage it. It is no more than
right when we are so near the end of the ses-
sion that we should accede to his request, and
1 hope it will he acceded to by tlie Senate, and
tlie Indian appropriation bill taken up.
Mr. YATES. I think the resolution we have
been talking about will take a very short time
to dispose of it now. It has been discussed
repeatedly heretofore, and I hope the Senate
will decide the question of pay of these south-
ern Senators this morning. It will not take
much longer time, I am sure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The experience of tho
last two days shows that no mail can say that
any bill or resolution will pass in a very short
time. [Laughter.] That is a perfect absurd-
ity, contradicted by all the facts. Here are
.several gentlemen around me who design to
speak on the question of paying the Senators.
It is an important question, ana if the Senate
goes on with that subject now it is very likely
to last all day. I will therefore ask the pardon
of my friend from Illinois for saving that it is
contrary to all experience to suppose that if
we continue a subject of interest before the
Senate it can be disposed of in any particular
amount of time. I hope, then, the Senate will
go to its regular business.
Mr. YATES. In respect to that I have to
say that the Senate should do justice, and espe-
cially to its own members. These Senators are
entitled to this pay, or they are_ not. It is a
question of pay to members of thisbody.^ Now
1 insist that the Senate should do justice, if
there is justice in this case, and those pon-
cerned should know whether they are entitled
to this compensation or not. This is due from
us upon the rules of courtesy, if from no other
consideration.
I admit the importance of the appropriation
bills, but the appropriation bills never fail;
they always pass. But independent of that, the
question of the pay of these Senators is fairly
before the Senate, and I think it will not take
very long to dispose of it. Notwithstanding
the absurdity of which my friend from Maine
speaks—and I admit that it is almost an ab-
surdity to suppose that any measure, even the
simplest, can pass this body without discus-
sion—I do believe that discussion upon this
subject will not bo extended, and I do insist
that as it is now fairly before the Senate, and
has been discussed upon several occasions, the
Senate may very soon have a vote and dispose
of it and decide it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a painful remem-
brance of what the Senator from Maine says,
that there is no terminating debate in this body.
1 have tried three mornings in succession to see
if we cannot get ourselves within some rule by
which we can terminate debate; but 1 despair
of that. 1 despair of anything so long as de-
bate is unlimited. I think myself that Senators
will be willing to vote now on the question of •
the resolution in regard to the pay of the
southern Senators and end it. I cannot con-
ceive that a Senator expects to change the
mind of any other Senator by an argument on
a question as plain as that. 1 have not any
argument to make; I simply want to have a
vote. It will come up again to-morrow, if
postponed now, and will occupy the whole
morning hour, and so the next day, and the
next day; and thus wo get to the end of tho
session ; and any bill that is not in the Presi-
dent's bands by Monday night that he does not
want to sign will go unsigned. I venture to
make that prediction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This does not
go to tho President.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays on the question pending.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing this resolution and all prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill,
and upon this question the yeas and nays are
called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I wish to make this sug-
gestion to the Senator from Illinois and to the
Senator from Maine. I am not sure whether
it will result in any use or not. The Senator
from Verinout [Mr. MouiiimJ has offered an
amendment in the nature of a compromise on
this subject; and that is to fix the commence-
ment of the second session of this Congress as
the time at which the pay should begin. Upon
that proposition perhaps we could take a vote
without debate. I do not know that w.c could;
but if so we should save time iu that way. I
presume if a vote can be taken without debate
the Senator from Maine would not object. If
it is to be debated, of course I cannot ask him
to give way.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us vote. I only want
to vote.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Let us vote on that if
we can. It does not commit anybody to sus-
tain the proposition after it is adopted.
Mr. WHYT-E. I desire to say to the Senate
that I intend to propose an amendment to the
resolution. I state that, lest some Senators
may be under some misapprehension in regard
to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would with
pleasure yield to any proposition that would
be likely to facilitate business; but I am afraid
to yield to any suggestion for fear that I shall
be in the predicament I have been in the last
two days; and therefore I hope the question
will be put on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to postpone the present and all_ prior
orders and to take up the Indian appropriation
bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron, Cole,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fesaenden, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of Now
Hampshire, Saulsbury, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Vickers, Wade, Whyte, Williams, aud Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Oonklin^, i'owler, Morton, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman,
Sprague, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, and Y ates—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell,
Chandler, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Kellogg, McDonald, Osborn, Pool, Bamsey, Bice,
Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Warner, Welch, and
Wiltoy—20.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed tlie consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1738) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1870.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to move a number
of amendments. The first is in line sixteen, to
strike out theword "two" and insert "three;"
so as to read, "three superintendents for the
tribes east of the Rocky mountains."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment :
After line fifty-three to insert:
For pay of sub-agents, four in Oregon, and two in
Washington Territory, $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIAItLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After lino fifty-seven to insert:
For pay of temporary clerks to superintendents,
$5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. After line fifty-nine I move
to insert:
For presents to Indians. $5,000.
For provisions for Indians visiting superintend-
encios and agencies, $11,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In lines fifty-eight and fifty-
nine I move to strike out the appropriation for
the pay of interpreters, $20,400, and insert,
$29,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line sixty-two I movo
to strikeout " §25,000'' and insert " $30,500 ;"
so as to make the clause read:
For contingencies of the Indian department,
$36,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
mo\e a single amendment from the Committee
on Claims, which will be an accommodation
to me?
Mr. HARLAN. Not to be considered now?
Mr. HOWE. Y*es, sir; I have but a single
amendment to offer, if I can be permitted to
offer it now. I desire to occupy myself about
another matter.
Mr. HARLAN. I will hear the amendment
read.
Mr. HOWE. I send it to the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert as an additional section the following :
And be it further enacted. That there is hereby
appropriated to the heirs of Scott, Campbell, late ot
the State of Minnesota, the sum of glO.OOO. in full
satisfaction of all obligations in favor of said Scott
Campbell, embraced either in the treaty of 1837 or
in that of 1S53, made with tho Sioux Indians.
