1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
40tii Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
yet become a hobby, and it is useless to discuss
this exception further. To use the slang of the
day, the community has not yet been educated
up to the idea because some boys of eighteen
may have more intellect and self-control than
the average men of forty, and be quite compe-
tent to exercise the franchise of voting, that
therefore all boys of eighteen oughtto enjoythe
franchise. But in this age of progress, according
to the ideas of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton.] no prediction can be made
as to when this question will seriously arise.
He has told you that the Democratic party
is not a party of progress. Mr. President, I
shall not attempt to defend all the measures
of the Democratic party even during the period
of my own public life. It has often erred, but
it has been eminently a party .of progress.
That honorable Senator should recollect that
there are two kinds of progress, and that prog-
ress down hill is much more easy and rapid
than progress upward. To the "facilis decen-
sus averniexemplified in the headlong career
of the Republican party, the Democratic party
has been opposed. Whether that opposition
can yet save the country and preserve civil
liberty rests with the people to determine.
The next exception is that of sex. I will
not argue this question either with communists
or socialists, nor with the woman's rights party,
because the folly of this species of fanaticism,
though it has made great progress lately, is
not sufficiently widespread to need an elabor-
ate refutation. The general objections may,
however, be stated. Inordinate vanity and
the love of notoriety may have tempted some
women to unsex themselves, both in their
dress and their pursuits ; but woman's heart
and the instincts of maternity will keep her
true to the greatest of her duties in life, the
culture and formation of the character of her
offspring, the implanting of that second na-
ture, which can only be done early in life,
which influences and controls the happiness
and welfare not only of her own generation,
but that of her posterity. No higher or holier
duty could be imposed upon humanity; and
this duty rightfully performed is enough to
occupy the head and the heart of any human
being. There may be exceptional cases of
individual women resembling men more than
their own sex in their mental and moral or-
ganization, who thirst after direct power and
revel in notoriety. They must be great women.
My answer to them is, I have seen it some-
where written that there are three orders of
great men, the worshipers of power, the wor-
shipers of fame, but, for the last and greatest,
those who are content with happiness in the
performance of duty, history inscribes no tab-
let. Surely a wise woman should be content
to be enrolled in this last and greatest order.
Let it not be supposed, Mr. President, in
stating these objections to female suffrage, that
I mean to characterize the sex as inferior to
man. In their combined mental and moral
organization I hold them to be quite our equals,
if not our superiors. But, there is a difference
in the physical, mental, and moral structure
of the sexes which fits them for the perform-
ance of different duties, and the pursuit of dif-
ferent avocations. Sir, it would perhaps be
well for the country if duties were a little more
considered, as well as so-called rights.
If I desired an illustration of the fallacy of
the idea that the ballot, as it is called, is essen-
tial' for the purpose of protection, I should
select the condition of woman in this country.
I feel proud and gratified that in this, our own
America, there is a chivalrous devotion to
the sex which has been equaled in no other
age or country. I yield to none in my defer-
ence to the sex. and desire to secure and pro-
tect woman in all her rights; but suffrage is
not a right, but a trust and a franchise.
Can there, Mr. President, be a doubt that
the possession of the franchise of suffrage i?
entirely unnecessary for the protection of
woman in all her rights ? Has not the observa-
tion and memory of every Senator satisfied him
that in controversies between man and woman
in this country, whether in courts of justice or
elsewhere, the general sympathy and the bias
is always, though she has no vote, with the
woman, and not unfrequently even at the ex-
pense of justice, such and so great is her
influence? Sir, with all my deference for the
sex, I believe there is truth in the advice sup-
posed inoneof the "imaginaryconversations"
to have been given by Roger Ascham to Lady
Jane Grey, that "women, like the plants of
the woods, derive their sweetness and tender-
ness from the shade." In my belief, if the sex
is dragged down into the political arena, the
coarse and selfish, and too often brutal strug-
gle for place and power and spoils, will impair
its ipfluenee and demoralize woman's nature,
and that deference which now exists, and her
real influence over man will gradually but cer-
tainly fade and be lost, and with that loss we
shall, as a people, retrograde in civilization.
The third exception, Mr. President, to the
general proposition that the consent of the gov-
erned is the just basis of government is that of
race. On a former occasion I submitted my
views in reference to the relation of the races,
and 1 do not propose now to repeat them ; but
I hold it to be a truth and a fact uncontradicted
by history that where two races of men exist
in the same country in large relative numbers
so dissimilar in organization as to prevent the
fusion of taces, equality of political power can
only end in the conflict of races. I am un-
willing to suppose that there are many mem-
bers of this body who contemplate social equal-
'ity and the fusion of races. If there be such
I will not pause now to answer them beyond
referring to the condition of Mexico with her
sixteen different crosses of the Indian, negro,
and European. Theexperimentof self-govern-
ment with such a population has been tried there,
and what has been the result? One revolution
has followed another, and one military despot-
ism another, until a country with high natural
advantages and great sources of wealth has
sunk into a state of insignificance and chronie
anarchy, and advancement in civilization has
become impossible from the insecurity of pro-
tection for either life, person, or property.
Elevated as the people of this country now are,
social fusion with an inferior race will be fol-
lowed by the same results to our posterity.
Our own Indians afford another illustration.
Numerous as they were at the first landing of
the white man, they have perished before his
onward pathway, and though humanity may
earnestly desire to prevent their ultimate de-
struction, it cannot be doubtful that to confer
upon them political power would only hasten
that destruction, and it is at least questionable
whether they can be preserved under any cir-
cumstances from extinction in contact with so
dissimilar and so superior a race. This excep-
tion does not depend, however, upon the mere
inferiority of races, though I believe the race
to which you now propose to yield political
power is an inferior race.
But, sir, take a case of races nearly if not
quite equal. The Saracens or Moors invaded
Spain in the commencement of the eighth cen-
tury. They overrun and conquered nine tenths
of that country. They were the equals if not the
superiors in point of civilization to the Gothic
nation which had been established tljere. Nine
tenths of the country became subjecUo their
sway, and those who resisted it were driven into
the mountainous country of the Asturias. The
two races were too dissimilar for fusion, and
from that time the conflict of races went on for
seven centuries, with all sorts of atrocities per-
petrated upon both sides, until ultimately the
superior race, in military capacity at least,
triumphed in the struggle, and when they did
the Moors or Saracens were driven bodily and
en masse out of Spain. That is one of the les-
sons of history as to the certain conflict of races
within the same country iu the struggle for
political power.
Senators are aware that we have in one por-
tion of the country—in California and may have
in Oregon—the effete civilization of the Chi-
nese. They are not yet citizens of the United
States, but the professed principle of this
amendment authorizes, sanctions, and demands
their admission to political power, and when
that power is granted to them the conflict of
races on your Pacific coast becomes inevitable.
The Senator from Oregon desires to avoid this.
The Senators from California solace themselves
under the delusion that the Chinese are not
and will not become citizens. They will yet
find that the injury they are so willing to inflict
upon the people of other States in regard- to a
different race will recoil upon their own con-
stituents, for by the operation of this amend-
ment, if adopted, and on its principle, the Chi-
nese will be entitled to become, and will become,
citizens and voters. They have a higher grade
of intelligence than the negro. They have
more capacity for persistent labor than the
negro, and when they exist in sufficiently large
numbers to aspixe to political power you will
have the conflict of the Asiatic and Caucasian
races in California, and perhaps in Oregon.
The relations between the Chinese and Ameri-
cans in California is butanother instance of the
antagonism of race in the struggle for power.
If I am correctly informed, in California the
Chinaman is not even admitted as a witness in
their courts of justice, except, perhaps, in spe-
cial cases, and much less will the people of
that State suffer political power to be conferred
upon such a population against their consent
without resistance.
Let me suggest another ease. Is any man
so little conversant with the characteristics of
humanity as to believe that if England -were
to grant political power to the Hindoo race,
which is also an effete civilization, or to even
one tenth part of their number, she could
hold India two years? Do you suppose the
conflict of races would not arise? Sir, the
instinct of race is the primary law of nature.
Call it prejudice, if you please^ but it is in-
eradicable except by fusion. The Roman law-
yers gave to it its proper name. They tell us
that the primary law of nature "consists of
those instincts which are common to all ani-
mals, such as natural affection and the like."
You may war against this law of nature, but
such legislation will produce but confusion
and bloodshed. This amendment is intended
to confer political power on an inferior race,
and if adopted will cause the antagonism of
races to culminate in conflict where the two
races exist in such numbers as to affect the
social status of the community. Color alone
does not constitute the diversity of race be-
tween the negro and the Caucasian.^ The
organic difference, though not so obvious, is
greater and more permanent.
I will state briefly the results of my own
reading and personal observation in regard to
the characteristics of the two races.
The negro is more animal than the white
race, indolent, but kindly tempered, though
when the animal passions are aroused they are
less within his control. Wherever he exists
in large numbers among the whites as a freeman
the negro seeks and sometimes monopolizes
those employments which, though precarious,
arc most highly paid in proportion to the labor
and do not require persistent exertion, such
as barbers, wood-sawyers, porters, and the
like. Improvident fay nature, the cases are
exceptional in which the desire and capacity
for acquisition are developed. la crossing
with the white races the intellectual capacity
of the offspring is quickened, but the moral
nature usually degenerates, and though the
mixed race is not absolutely hybrid, the power
of reproduction is materially diminished and
the duration of life shortened. Doubtless
there are exceptional instances of this infe-
rior race who possess more than the average
capacity of the white race, but no tribunal
could be organized to decide upon the excep-
