1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. HARLAN. In lines two hundred and
eleven and two hundred and twelve I move to
strike "out " $3,550" andtoinsert " §5,200 ;"
so as to make tlie clause, read:
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, per thirteenth article treaty October
28,18t>7, 55,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HARLAN. In line two hundred and
twenty-five I move to strike out "$3,400"
and to insert "$5,000 ;" so that the clause
will read:
For transportation of goods, &c., to the Cheyennes
and Arapahoes, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAELAN. In line two hundred and
fifteen I move to strike out "$700" and to
insert "$1,000; " so that the clause will read :
For salary of a teacher, per thirteenth article
treaty October 28,18G7, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line two hundred and
thirty-three, in the appropriations for the
Chasta, Scoton, and Umpqua Indians, I move
tostrikeout "$700" andtoinsert "$1,000;"
so that the clause will read:
For last of fifteen installments for the pay of a
farmer, per fifth article treaty 18th November, 1851,
$1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. HARLAN. In li ne four hundred and
thirteen, in the appropriations for the Chip-
pewa, Pillager, and Lake Winnebagoshish
bands, I move to strike out "$1,000" and
to insert "$3,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For the fifteenth of twenty installments for pur-
poses of education, per third artteio treaty 2A1 Feb-
ruary, 1855, S3,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not quite
satisfied about that amendment.
Mr. HAltLAN. This is an appropriation
for educational purposes among the Chippewa
Indians in the upper part of Minnesota—the
Indians that Bishop Whipple takes a great in-
terest in. There might as well be no appro-
priation made if it is to be cut down below the
estimate, £'.>,000. There is a very large num-
ber of them; and Indian children have to be
clothed and fed as well as taught when they
are put to school.
Afr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator know what is the number of the Indians
there?
Mr. IIARLAN. I understand there are
about nineteen hundred of these Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The appropria-
tion should correspond to the treaty, of course.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask what is the
number of children that arc being educated?
Mr. IIARLAN. In reply to tlie question of
the Senator from Nevada I will state that I
understand there were thirty-live children kept
in the school last year.
Mr. NYE. What is the amount of the
appropriation?
Mr. HARLAN. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. NYE. Is that for the pay of teachers,
or for the erection of buildings?
Mr. HARLAN. For the support of the
school, which will includo the boarding and
clothing, books, as well as other incident a
expenses of thepupils.
Mr. IIAMSBY. This is the fifteenth of
twenty installments that are to bo paid to these
Indians under the treaty, Fourteen install-
mentshave already been paid, and it is scarcely
worth while to make any objection to this
appropriation now.
Mr. HARLAN. I am now informed that
this sum includes also the salary of a teacher.
It will therefore be for the salary of a teacher,
the boarding and clothing of the pupils, and
otner incidental expenses of the school.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not sure
that I have got the proper section of the treaty
before me, but this reads:
* r -'Uui'^ can be usefulty and beneficially ap-
plied by tho tinted States annually for twenty years,
not to exieed *3,000 m .my one year, fur the pm'poses
of education, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior."
They have estimated for $3,000, and I dare
say it has been appropriated probably from
1855. But I do not know that the circum-
stances of the tribe have not changed so that
the appropriation by the House may be the
proper appropriation. Unless the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs bad some
information on the subject, I should think the
presumption might be, and ought to be per-
haps, in favor of the appropriation made by
the House.
Mr. IIARLAN. The exact number of these
Indians, I will inform my honorable friend, as
shown by the census, is eighteen hundred and
ninety-nine, about the number that has be-
longed to that tribe continuously. I ought to
state perhaps that this appropriation has been
made year by year since 1855. If it is the
intention of the Senate and of Congress to
abandon this school, if they think they can
civilize thelndians more rapidly by abandoning
the usual means of instructing them, of course
the appropriation ought to be stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The language
of the clause is " for purposes of education."
Do you say that includes the teacher ?
Mr. HARLAN. So I am told.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I move
to insert the words " including compensation
for teacher" after the word "education," in
line four hundred and twelve.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair. ^ Then the amendment will
be so modified. The question is on the amend-
ment as modified, and the clause will be read
as it is proposed to make it stand.
Tho Chief Clerk read as follows:
For fifteenth of twenty installments for purposes
oi education, including compensation for teacher,
per third article treaty 22d February, 1855, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. HARLAN. In lines four hundred and
sixteen and four hundred and seventeen I move
to strike out'' $1,240'' and to insert'' $2,120
so that the clause will read:
For last of lifteon installments for support of two
smiths and smiths' shops, per third article treaty
li2d February, 18o5, 82,120.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIARLAN. In line four hundred and
fifty-one I move to strike out " $100" and insert
" $050;" so as to make the appropriation for
the pay of services and traveling expenses of
a board of visitors to attend annuity payments
to the Chippewas of the Mississippi $G50.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line four hundred an 3
ninety-four I move to strike out the word "live"
and insert "ten" before "thousand;" so that
tlie clause will read:
For insurance and transportation of annuity goods
and pioviMons, and iron and steel for blacksmiths,
tor the Chippowas of Red Lake and Pembina tribe,
$10,000.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the committee if the Government in-
sure their goods?
Mr. IIARLAN. They do now,
Mr. NYE. I think they had better be their
own insurers.
Mr. HARLAN. I will explain to the Sena-
tor from Nevada, if he will permit me, that the
Department, under a special act, attempted to
transact the business one year without insur-
ing, the Government itself being the insurer.
The result was that several boats were lost on
the river and the goods were destroyed. The
Department had no means at its control to
replace those goods and they were compelled
to delay it until Congress convened, which put
off tho payment one year, leaving the Indians
entirely destitute. But, by insuring, when a
cargo of goods is destroyed they can take the
insurance money drawn from the company with
whom they make the insurance and purchase
another cargo and forward it. It is to avoid
this inconvenience and hardship to the Indians
that the Department now insures.
Mr. NYE. The object of my inquiry is to
ascertain whether it is the general practice of
the Department to insure all goods that they
ship to the Indians ?
Mr. HAELAN. I think it is the practice
of the Department where they are greatly ex-
posed to loss from either fire or accident on
rivers; but not unless they are thus exposed
to danger.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that is
too strong. I am satisfied that $5,000 is
enough. I believe the goods only amount to
about twenty-one thousand dollars.
Mr. HAELAN. If the honorable chairman
will permit me 
Mr. MOERILL, of Maine. I will hear any
explanation the Senator has to make.
Mr. HARLAN. These Indians live at Pem-
bina at the extreme northern part of Minnesota.
The goods have to be shipped a long distance
by water, and then they have to be shipped a
long distance by land, and carried through a
wilderness ; so that the cost of transportation
must necessarily be large.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My reply to
that is, that the Indian appropriation is only
$21,000. Now, is it possible that it will cost
$10,000 to carry only $21,000 of annuities to
these Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. WTiy, Mr. President, the
cost of transportation is often much more than
the original cost of the goods. You can buy
corn in my State frequently for twenty-five
cents a bushels, and at Santa F6 it will sell at
from thirteen to eighteen cents a pound. The
increased value at Santa Fe over the value in
Iowa or Missouri is on account of the great
cost of transportation. I do not know person-
ally that this amountis necessary; butit seeing
to have been found to be so heretofore by the
Department.
Mr. RAMSEY. Unless the Government
pays the cost of this transportation, it is virtu-
ally denying to the Indians the goods which you
have promised to give them by treaty. They
cannot possibly afford themselves to transport
these goods up to that point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question is
as to the amount to be expended in that trans-
portation.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know particularly
what amount is requisite.
Mr. NYE, (Mr. Ramsey having advanced
from his seat to a position in close proximity
to Mr. Morrill, of Maine, and Mr. Harlan.)
The Senator from Minnesota is out of order.
He should be over on this side, at his seat.
Mr. RAMSEY. I take it the Indian office
are fully informed on the subject of the amount
requisite for this purpose. I simply rose to
speak of the expense of transporting the goods.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the rule
of the Senate that a Senator shall rise and ad-
dress the Chair from his seat.
Mr. RAMSEY. I did rise in my seat, and
addressed the Chair, and walked over here.
Mr. NYE. That is what I complain of.
The Senator is an artful man, and I do not want
him to whisper in the ears of Senators over
there. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. The cost of transporting
these goods eight hundred miles up into that
country would entirely consume the annuities
of the Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am satisfied
that, on the whole, the clause had better stand
as it came from the House. I think an appro-
priation of $5,000 to transport $20,000 worth
of goods, not of heavy material, ought to be
sufficient.
Mr. HARLAN. It is the judgment of the
Senator against the judgment of the Depart-
ment, the Department having the benefit of the
experience of a long series of years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like to
have my honorable friend put it in that way
exactly. I have the judgment of the House,
