394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
altogether from the Government. It is to be
supported by voluntary contributions ; and I
will state here to the House that there was an
institution similar to this once located in the
State of Louisiana before the war; it has a fund
accumulated of $20,000 of cash capital which
it proposes to turn over to this institution.
Philanthropic men everywhere, I understand,
propose to contribute for the support of' this
institution for this very benevolent and praise-
worthy object. This is the sum and total of the
purpose'of the bill.
I move now to amend section ten of the sub-
stitute by inserting in line two, after the word
"property," the words "owned by said uni-
versity so that it will read :
That any and all property owned by said univer-
sity, personal, roal, mixed, or otherwise, be, and is
hereby, exempted from taxation.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask the
gentleman, first, whether there is any petition
before the House asking for this institution ;
and if so, by whom it is signed? Is this measure
petitioned for from any section of the country ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes; it is.
Mr. CHANLER. By whom?
Mr. INGERSOLL. By gentlemen of very
high character, one of whom was for a long
time president of an institution of this charac-
ter—an asylum for the blind in Ohio and an-
other in Pennsylvania; and by other gentlemen
of high character throughout the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the petition be read at the Clerk's desk, so
that we may know who the parties are.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask the
gentleman what prevents these benevolent gen-
tlemen from moving their institutions here with-
out an act of Congress?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is evident that no
institution of this character could be estab-
lished and conducted without an incorporation,
so that there might be somebody in charge of
it that would be responsible to the contribu-
tors. You cannot have an institution of this
character without an organization—there is
not one in existence, and never will be, with-
out an organization—based upon some legis-
lative authority, so that its rights may be re-
spected and protected and the rights of all
connected with it preserved and enforced.
Mr. CHANLEIi._ I would also ask the gen-
tleman what there is_ particularly attractive in
this District at this time which should require
the blind of Pennsylvania and Ohio to remove
here to be instructed? There are enough
blind already in the District without providing
for the removal here of the blind from other
sections of the country.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In reply to the gentle-
man, I will say that even the blind can see
the purpose of locating this institution in the
District of Columbia. If the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chaulee] cannot see it I
certainly am not in fault.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask to have the petition
read.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. Will it be in order to call
for its reading at some time during the con-
sideration of this bill?
Ihe SPEAKER, It will not, because the
petition is not to be acted upon by the House
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will state to the House
very capdidly why it is sought to establish this
institution here. The benevolent people of the
United States living in the northern States
object to this institution being located in Rich-
mond or Louisville or New Orleans because
they think it would then be, perhaps, too much
subject to southern influence. The southern
people object to its location in Boston or
Chicago for a similar reason. But they have
all agreed on the District of Columbia as to
them neutral ground where the interests of
all would be best protected. That is the only
reason, and it is a very good one. Now,.with
this explanation of the bill, I call for the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not.
Mr. IN G-ERSOLL. I hope it will be sec-
onded.
The question was then taken on seconding
the previous question; anduponadivision there
were—ayes 44, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingersoll
and Mr. Chanler were appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask my
colleague [Mr. Ikgersoi.l] to withdraw for a
few moments his call for the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No,sir; thereisnouse
in withdrawing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
state a few facts.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The bill is perfectly
understood now.
The House again divided upon seconding
the previous question; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 61, noes 56.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill and pending amendments be laid
on the table ; and on that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 63, not
voting 78 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Axtell, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin,Beaman, Benjamin, Benton,Boyer,Brooks,
Broomali, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn.Cook, Cornell, Delano, Eggle-
ston, James T. Elliott, Fields. Fox, Getz, Golladay,
Ilaight, Harding, Ilolman, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loughridge, Marshall, McCarthy,
McCormiclr, McKee, Mcreur, Moore, Morrell. Mul-
lins, Nowcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Paine. Peters,
Polsley, Randall, Raum, Roots, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Starkweather, Stover,
Sypher, Taber, Taffe,Taylor,Tift,Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Trowbridge. Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Truinp, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas Wil-
liams. Stephen F. Wilson, and Young—81.
NAYS—Messrs Arnell, James M. Ashley. Banks,
Barnes, Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Boles, Boutwell,
Boyden.Buekland, Roderick It. Butler, Callis, Sidney
Clarke,Clift. Corley, Cullom, Deweese, Dodge, Eekley,
Thomas D. Eliot. Farnsworth, Ferriss, French, Goss,
Gove, Gravely, Heaton, Higby, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Koonta, Lash,
Marvin. Maynard, MeCullough, Miller, Newsham,
N orris. Perham, Pierce, Plants, Poland, Price, Prince,
Ross, Schenck, Shellabarger, Stevens, Stokes, Stone,
Thomas, Twichell, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Whittemore. William Williams,
James F. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer, Delos H.Ashley, Barnum, Blackburn, Blaine,
Blair, Bowen, Bromwell, Buckley,Benjamin F. But-
ler, Cake, Covode, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Doekery,
Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards, Ela, Eldridge, Ferry,
Garfield, Glossbrenner, Griswold. Grover, Halsey,
Hamilton, Haughey, Hawkins, Hill. Hooper, Hop-
kins, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mallory, Moorhead, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Myers, Dunn, O'Neill, Orth, Pettis,
Phelps, Pike, Pile, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson,
Robinson. Selye, Smith, Stewart, John Trimble.
Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Windom,
Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—78.
So the bill and amendments were laid on the
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote last taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired; and the next business in order is the
bill pending at the adjournment yesterday, to
provide for the construction of a ship-canal
around the Falls of Niagara. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] is entitled to
the floor.
Mn MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield a moment that I may introduce
a resolution inquiring into the efficiency of the
police force in this District?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
agreed that, with the consent of the House and
the Speaker, my colleague [Mr. Judd] shall
have the floor at the present time, and that I j
shall follow him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that by an arrangement between the friends
and opponents of this bill the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] who is in favor of the bill,
will precede in debate his colleague, [Mr.
Washburne] who is opposed to the bill. The
Chair, therefore, recognizes the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Judd] as entitled to the floor.
Does he yield to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Maynard,] who wishes to submit a
resolution of inquiry?
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir.
police of the district.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas Mr. James ATells. a clerk in the Sixth
Auditor's office for the Post Office Department, was
knocked down and robbed at the hour of nine o'clock
last night about seventy-five yards above the west
entrance to the Capitol grounds, and while on his
way to his residence on Capitol Hill: Therefore,
Be it resolved^ That the Committee for the District
of Columbia be requested to inquire into the police
arrangements of the city, andwhetherinereased effi-
ciency isneeded for theprotection of persons passing
by thenational Capitol.
order of business.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call for the regular
order. I shall be obliged to be absent from
the Hall soon, and I want to vote against this
Niagara ship-canal bill before I go awav.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I ask my colleague
[Mr. Judd] to give way for a few minutes that
I may make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Broomall] insists on the regu-
lar order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw that demand
for a few moments.
Mr. BROOMALL. I shall be called away
in a short time ; and I want the vote on the
pending bill to be reached soon that I may
vote against it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will occupy but a
very short time.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am very sorry that I
cannot withdraw iny demand for the regular
order. /
niagara siiip-canal.
The House, According to order, resumed the
consideration/of the bill (H. R. No. 1212) to
rovide for £he construction of a ship-canal
ound the ^alls of Niagara.
JUDD. Mr. Speaker, the project of a
around the Falls of Niagara has
the people of this country for at
rter of -a century. It has gathered
strengtfflny the discussion which the question
has received and by the necessities growing out
of the increase of commerce and business, and
the creation during that time of a compara-
tively new nation west of the Lakes. If hon-
orable members will reflect for one moment
upon the nature of the project as connected
with the navigation to which the Falls of Niagara
constitute one interruption they will see how
important to the nation, Eastand West, is the
removal of this obstruction. This line of nav-
igation and channel of commerce through Lake
Superior, river St. Mary, Lake Michigan, Lake
and river Huron, and L%ke and river St. Clair,
Lake Erie, Niagara river, and Lake Ontario
to the St. Lawrence, where it becomes Cana-
dian, constitute about two thousand miles of
navigable waters, and add to it the St. Lawrence
to the sea-board and you have a total of about
twenty-five hundred miles.
We have of American coast on these rivers
and lakes over three thousand miles, and this,
as I may term it, inland sea-coast is to-day
dotted with thriving and flourishing cities—
cities the natural result of the settlement and
cultivation of the fertile lands that border upon
most of it—and all dependent upon those
waters for the transportation of the products to
market, not only agricultural, but the rapidly
increasing products of numerous mines, has
become within the last twenty-five years, in
point of population and production, an empire
