1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
40th Cong....3b Sess.
Question of Privilege—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho. of Reps,
ernment and people the better for the Republic,
and the safer are the people from combinations
here.
Our common-school systems and other edu-
cational resources have prepared every district
with qualified persons for any of these trusts,
and justice and the public interest demand that
they be afforded, with their fellow-citizens, an
equal opportunity to exercise their talents and
acquaint themselves with the Government, and
in turn acquaint the people with the condition
of affairs here. The following is the bill:
bill (H. R. No. 1711) to distribute the number and
rank ot Government employes among the several
districts and Territories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Representa-
tives of the United plates of America in Congress assem-
bled, That after the passage of this act it shall be the
duty of the Secretaries of State, War, Navy, Treasury,
and Interior, the Postmaster and Attorney General,
Commissioner of Agriculture, Superintendent of
Public Buildings and Grounds, and the officers of
the House and Senate, to severally cause to be made
alphabetical lists of all the employes in their respect-
ive Departments or forces, and to correct the same
as changes shall be made, and to keep said lists in
their several offices, respectively, subject to inspec-
tion.
Sec.2. Andbeitfurtherenacted. That saidlists shall
contain the name, rank, and pay of the employes of
the respective Departments or forces, date of employ-
ment, and residence, giving town, county, State, or
Territory, de&ignating those who have served in the
Artsy or Navy of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the several
congressional districts, organized Territories, and the
District of Columbia shall be entitled to equal num-
bers and ranks of employes in the said several De-
partments and forces. No district or Territory shall
have more than one of any rank until every district
and Territory, as herein provided for, shall have at
least one of the same rank; and ail appointments in
said Dep  rtments and forces hereafter shall be to
equalize the number and rank of employes as above
provided for; said equalization of numbers and rank
of employes from the several districts and Territo-
ries aforesaid shall be made by the 4th day of March,
1871: Provided, That nottiing horein coutained shall
be construed to regulate the employment and service
of day laborers, and boys under the age ot sixteen
years.
I wish to call the attention of Congress to
this matter now, because I think it is due to
the people that I should do so. I have sought
this opportunity to-day to put these few remarks
on record, so that the attention of members
may be drawn to the subject when it shall be
brought before the House for action.
Question of Privilege.
SPEECH OF HON. S. SHELLABARGER,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 11, 1869.
The House having under consideration theresolu-
tions that the House protest against the counting of
the vote of Georgia by order of the Vice President
mo tempore—
Mr. SHELLABARGER said:
Mr. Speaker : I desire to state that in all
that I shall say I shall accord most sincerely
and fully to every gentleman upon the floor all
that integrity of purpose and desire fairly and
properly to dispose of the important matter
now before the House which I claim for my-
self. It is not wonderful, sir, that we have
fallen into doubtond trouble about this matter,
so new, so undefined, and one in which we are
to so great an extent unaided by precedent
furnishing to us a guide. 1 shall aim at making
my utterances to-day practical and as intel-
ligible as my feeble abilities will enable me
to. The resolution the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has submitted for our approval reads
as follows:
The House protests that the counting of the vote of
Georgia by the order of the Vice President pro tempore
"was a gross act of oppression and an invasion of the
privileges of the House.
Profoundly as I regret that occurrence, and
deeply as I feel the wrong which the resolution
does, I shall consider, calmly if I can, the jus-
tice of it. I shall do that by first assuming what
1 understand to be the positron of the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] who introduces the resolution, that
both the twenty second joint rule of the date
of February 6, 1865, and also the concurrent
resolution of the two Houses of the date of
February 6, 1869, are alike unconstitutional,
alike without legal significance and force, and,
to adopt his words, equivalent to waste paper.
From this stand-point of the gentleman from
Massachusetts I proceed to consider the res-
olution which he has seen fit to introduce.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will permit me to say that in the lan-
guage to which he refers I was not charac-
terizing the joint rule, but the concurrent
resolution recently adopted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker. I
understood the gentleman to characterize the
joint rule of 1865 as unconstitutional also.
In the morning Chronicle he is reported as
using these words:
"Think of it a moment, gentlemen! Suppose at
the next election the House of Representatives is
one way and the Senateis another. Under that joint
rule, if it is constitutional and operative, the House
can say 4 We will not have the Republican votes
counted,' and the Senate can say ' We will not have
the Democratic votes counted,' and there is an end
to presidential elections."
Let me now bringtogethersome very familiar
things, but things which dispose of this reso-
lution. Let it first be remarked and kept in
mind that the Constitution provides that the
Legislatures of the several States shall fix
the manner of choosing the electors. In the
next place Congress is authorized by the Con-
stitution to fix the time of casting the vote of
the presidential electors. The language is—
"Congress may determine the time of choosing
the electors, and the day on which they shall give
their votes, which day shall be the same throughout
the United States."
Next 1 beg that the purposes and import-
ance of this provision of the Constitution shall
be kept in mind. It requires that the day of
voting in the several States shall be the same.
With reference to the importance of this con-
stitutional provision Justice Story, in his com-
mentaries, uses this language:
"The propriety of this power would seem to be
almost self-evident. Every reason of public policy
and convenience seems in favor of fixing a time of
giving the electoral votes, and that it should be the
same throughout the Union. Such a measure is cal-
culated to repress political intrigues and speculations
by rendering a combination among the electoral
colleges as to their votes, if not utterly impractica-
ble, at least very difficult, and thus secures the peo-
ple against those ready expedients which corruption
never fails to employ to accomplish its designs."
Next I invite the attention of the House to
the legislation of Congress, carrying into effect
and providing for the things covered by these
provisions of the Constitution. The act of
Congress of 1792 fixes the time, in accordance
with the constitutional requirement, upon the
same day throughout the Union. The fifth sec-
tion of that act provides, in substance, the
same thing that it provided in the terms of the
twelfth amendment itself, and I shall presently
read it.
It will be seen that this act of 1792 furnishes
no additional guide for the coiuMlng of the
electoral votes beyond what the Constitution
furnishes.
I shall now proceed to consider the resolu-
tion before the House as if there was no
twenty-second rule nor any concurrent resolu-
tion of this Congress upon the subject; and I
am inquiring whether the resolution ought to
be passed, assuming that we have no other
guide than the guides furnished us by the
statute and the Constitution. That article of
the Constitution, Mr. Speaker, in so far as it
relates to the matter now before the House,
provides for that matter in these words :
44 The President of the Senate shall, in the presence
of the Senate aud the House of Representatives, open
all the certificates; and the votes shall then be
counted."
That is the light the Constitution gives us
on the subject as to how the count shall be
made, and by whom it shall be made. The
thing, it will be observed, to be done in express
terms by the President of the Senate, is to open
the certificates. The count is to be made then,
but by whom is not expressly stated.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I go to the difficulty that
exists in the Constitution itself, which has
broughtupon the Government again and again,
at least three times over, the same experience
which we encountered here yesterday, an ex-
perience regretted at its first occurrence with
the most intense feeling of anxiety and alarm
by all the country, and pointed to as an indi-
cation of weakness and of danger in the very
framework and structure of your Government.
To that danger Mr. Story points in exceed-
ingly suggestive words, to which I will now
call the attention of the House. He says :
"In the original plan as well as in the amendment
no provision is made for the discussion or the decis-
ion of any questions which may arise as to the reg-
ularity and authenticity of the returns of the .elect-
oral votes"—
The very difficulty we on yesterday, under
circumstances so painful, were brought again
to encounter. He proceeds:
" Or the right of the persons who gave the votes or
the manner or circumstances in which they ought to
be counted. It seems to have been taken for granted
that no question could ever arise upon the subject,
and that nothing more was necessary than to open
the certificates which were produced in the presence
of both Houses, and to count the names and num-
bers returned. Yet it is easily to be conceived that
very delicate and interesting inquiries may occur, fit
to be debated and decided by some deliberative body.
In fact a question did occur upon thecounting of the
votes for the Presidency in 1821 upon the reelection
of Mr. Monroe, whether the vote of the State of Mis-
souri should be counted; but as the count would
make no ditference in the choice, and the declara-
tion was made of hi3 reelection, the Senate imme-
diately withdrew, and the jurisdiction, as well as the
course of proceeding in a ca^e of real controversy,
was left in a most embarrassing situation."
Then follow these words: "Another defect
in the Constitution is," &c.; indicating that
the learned commentator regarded this as one
of the defects of the Constitution. I call atten-
tion to this uncertainty and defect in the Con-
stitution for the two purposes: first, of remind-
ing gentlemen of the high and commanding
duty which the existence of this uncertainty
aud infirmity in the Constitution imposes upon
us, and that in dealing with this matter of the
electoral vote the utmost forbearance, wisdom,
and moderation in our conduct is required, and
that violence, excitement, and precipitate or
erroneous action here may overthrow the Gov-
ernment itself; second, 1 allude to this uncer-
tainty in the Constitution to show that the action
of the President of the Senate denounced by
this resolution was, in a matter where it does
not become us nor the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to be over-confident of his being right,
and where language or resolutions of denun-
ciation are exceedingly inopportune, unworthy,
and dangerous.
Mr. Speaker, this brings me now to the first
and elementary proposition in the poor argu-
ment I am about to &uboiit; and it is this, that
whatever infirmity there may be in the Consti-
tution in this regard, that infirmity does not
go to the extent ot leaving everything uncertain,
but that there are at least two things made cer-
tain, mandatory, and conclusive upon Congress
in the ter js which the Constitution employs.
One of these is that the President of the Senate
and nobody else can be authorized either by
an act of Congress or by concurrent resolution
or otherwise to open the votes. That must be
done by the President of the Senate. So in
words says the Constitution. The other thing
made absolutely certain is that when that thing
is done, called in the Constitution " be counted"
occurs, then and there there must be present
together in one presence, along with the Presi-
dent of the Senate, the two Houses of Congress,
and that nothing which in the sense of the Con-
stitution amounts to a counting can occur ex-
cept in that presence. This is a presence made
up of three constituent' elements, namely, a
President of the Senate, a Senate, and a House
of Representatives. So that nothing that
amounts to a " counting'' can occur, whoever it
is that may be permitted to make it, no refusal
