1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
895
within itself. As was shown yesterday by
the gentleman from Wiscor-sin, [Mr. Paine,]
eleven millions of people in a few of those
northwestern States now demand at the hands
of the Government of the United States some
facilities for the transportation of their surplus
productions to the markets that need them.
Mr. Speaker, it has been said by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Humphrey,] in
connection withhis claims for the State of New
York, that there is some constitutional objec-
tion to the project now before the House. Sir,
if honorable members will place their eyes
upon the map they will see that from the head
of Lake Superior down to Lake Ontario and
the St. Lawrence, where it comes within the
British dominions, only three natural obstruc-
tionstothenavigation exist on this entire route :
first, the rapids at Sault Ste. Marie 5 second,
the St. Clair flats ; and third, this obstruction
in the Niagara river. The Government has,
by appropriations made by act of Congress, re-
moved in part the first two obstructions, and the
question now arises shall this beneficent policy,
entered upon in the interest of commerce and
the interest of a large portion of the people,
be arrested at this stage of their progress?
"vVliy, Mr. Speaker, do we build light-houses
on all these lakes? Why do we remove rocks
from the harbor of New York? "Why is this
Government to-day expending its money to
remove obstructions in the navigation of the
Mississippi? Why is it that at the gentle-
man's own city of Buffalo the Government
has spent its millions in constructing a harbor
for the protection of commerce ? If, then, the
Government can remove obstructions in New
York harbor, can build a harbor at Buffalo,
can remove obstructions in the Mississippi
river in accordance with the Constitution, why
is that instrument thrown at us when we pro-
pose to remove another obstruction on the line
I liave described more annoying than all of
them? We do not propose bythis bill to create
any new line, as has been alleged, or new
avenue of commerce, but simply to obviate a
natural obstruction to this grand avenue of
commerce so that it may be used with greater
facility by this Government and the people than
it has been hitherto.
To say the Government has not constitu-
tional power to do this work is to belie the
entire history of this Government upon these
questions; for from its very foundation it has,
under that clause of the Constitution which
confers upon Congress the power ''to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and amongthe
several States," built harbors, light-houses,
and beacons, and cleared the channels of
rivers. To do the last the work must be of
a national character. I do not contend, Mr.
Speaker, that there is power to remove_ an
obstruction in every river, but when a river
bears to market the commerce of various States
110 sane man will doubt the power of Congress
inthepremises; but, in the language of another,
"great and widespread benefits give to any
enterprise a national character."
The gentleman from New York seems to
intimate that the Government of the United
States cannot enter within the_ territory of a
State to interfere with its soil or its sovereignty
in the execution of these powers. Why, sir,
I have shown that from the beginning of the
Government to this time it has been the uni-
form practice of the Government to enter
within the territory of States for_ the purpose
of makin® improvements of a national charac-
ter. and the State of New York, grand and
noble as she is, cannot stand m the way of the
demands of a large portion of the people of
the country. . ,
The gentleman tells us that this is a scheme,
and he repeats it over and over again. He
can hardly find epithets strong enough to char-
acterize the measure. A\hy, sir, 11 he had
looked at the bill he would have seen that t.iere
is no scheme in the sense that the gentleman
uses that word. It grants no privilege, it cre-
ates 110 corporate powers ; no individual inter-
est is connected with the enterprise. There is
110 appropriation of bonds, there is no subsidy
provided for in the bill. It is a direct appli-
cation by the Government of the United States
of its money to construct a great public work
for the public benefit. It bears 110 analogy to
the schemes so often denounced on this floor
for depleting the Treasury for private interests
and purposes. There can be no pretense under
this bill that there is anything of that kind.
Let me say to members of the House that
this is simply a question whether the Congress
of the United States will remove an obstruc-
tion that stands in the way of the prosperity
of a large portion of the people of this coun-
try. It is not, I perhaps cannot too often
repeat, a project for creating a new line of
transportation or channel of commerce. That
is the distinction between it and any other pro-
ject for the alleged development of our re-
sources that has been presented for the consid-
eration of Congress. I say, then, that when
any gentleman charges us with advocating a
speculative scheme or project he has not read
with care the bill, or he designs to leave an
impression which the provisions of the bill do
not warrant.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Hum-
phrey] has said that this canal will not be
profitable if constructed, and he gives as an
argument that if it would be profitable capi-
talists would have seized it before this time
and corporations would have built it. Sup-
pose it will not be profitable, that is the very
reason why, if the necessities of commerce and
the interest of the people demand the improve-
ment, that the Government should build this
canal. I say, then, that it is no argument to
address to the members of this House that
capitalists would not enter upon an enterprise
of this kind. But there is another feature of
this subject which to my mind is stronger
than all others in view of the current history
of the day. There is 110 man within the sound
of my voice who looks at public transportation
and at the organization and consolidations of
railroads that are now going on but would
say that if there is an avenue that the people
demand it should be kept free from any sort
of position iu which these monopolists can grab
it at the expense of the people. Let me tell my
friend from New York that if it is in the hands
of a private company, profitable or unprofit-
able, and those railway lines that reach to his
city and which extend to mine desired it, you
would find them in possession, and tolls would
be levied that would entirely obstruct business
and transportation upon this canal.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I would ask the gen-
tleman if he voted for the bill that was passed
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress incorporating a
company to construct this work?
Mr. JUDD. I did not, because I was not a
member of that Congress. Had I been, I might j
have taken it as a last resort, but I do not think !
Ishould. The gentleman's argument in regard 1
to this question of constitutional power might
have applied to the creation of a corporation
within a State for the purpose of constructing
these works. That is the objection that I un-
derstand prevailed in the other branch of Con-
gress, and that is the reason the bill did not
pass, because men strongly in favor of the meas-
ure and looking upon the work as absolutely
necessary to the prosperity of the couutry, re-
fused to intrust such power to a corporation
that might by and by entirely obstruct by their
charges and exactions the passage of produce
and commerce through this canal. That was
the reason, and I say to my friend from Buffalo
that it was upon due consideration and careful
reflection in regard to the possibilities growing
out of the use of that power that the friends of
this measure decided that if it was a work that
was entitled to favorable consideration it was
a work tliat ought to be done by the Govern-
meii'i, and not trusted to tlie hands of any cor-
poration. .
While asserting that the proposed improve-
ment would not ba profitable the gentleman
said the Welland canal had ceased to be profit-
able. There are reasons for that. When the
Welland canal was built the commerce 011 the
lakes was a mere tithe—110, nota tithe, of what
it i3 at present. Economy in transportation and
the increasing freights has caused the building
of larger vessels, and that business is done
with a class of vessels thateannotpass through
the Welland canal and do business upon Lake
Ontario. That is a good reason, and I will tell
the gentleman that the statistics show that up
to the time that this large class of vessels were
brought into use so as to diminish the use. of
that canal, freights were always cheaper to
Oswego, two hundred and fifty miles beyond
the mouth of this canal, or thereabouts, thau
to Buffalo.
My friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] dem-
onstrated so clearly the onerous burdens that
were levied upon our surplus productions by
the present mode of carriage that it would be
a work of supererogation for me to undertake
to give any more figures upon that subject. It
is known to every intelligent man that the
Northwest produces immensely more than we
want for our own use. We feed New England
and half of New York. It has been said that
"the carrying trade is the right arm of all
agricultural industry, of commerce and of civ-
ilization." Cheap transportation is absolutely
essential to the successful aud profitable culti-
vation of the vast agricultural regions of the
Northwest. The cheapening of transportation
by this measure will not redound alone to the
benefit of the Northwest. It will operate
equally for the benefit of New England and
New York that want our surplus products. In
creating new avenues and cheapening trans-
portation you benefit both sections of country,
and thus distribute your blessings equally.
Mr. Speaker, the time has arrived when the
Government should do something to relieve us
from the taxes imposed upon us by the con-
stituents of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Humphrey,] for the use we make of the
Erie canal. _
New York has received back into her coflers,
by tolls levied upon the products of the ^ est,
every dollar) aud more than she has invested,
in the Erie canal. It is time that she should
cease her grasp upon the industry ot the region
of country that 1, in part, represent.
The gentleman from New York seems to
think that there is something wrong in this bill,
because under certain sections of it authority
isgiven for making contracts. He says : l < I here
is where the scheme comes jn.'' Well, there
is where the scheme comes in in every public
improvement. In everything that is done by
the Government you must vest such a power
somewhere. 'It is a power conferred upon
every corporation. The work can only be done
in whole by the day's work, or in part, it may
be let out under contract. The gentleman
forgot to tell us that full provision is made m
the biil for public advertising and letting to the
lowest bidder.
But the gentleman says that undei^ certain
circumstances a portion of the Army is to be
used for this scheme. Now, if I had not sup-
posed that my friend from New York [Mr.
Humphrey] was a very serious man I should
have considered that observation a most excel-
lent joke. The idea that any unemployed por-
tion of the Army of the United States should
be allowed to earn wages—that is the provision
of the bill—by digging on this canal in the same
way that they earn wages by building lorts,
barracks, and other public works, seems very
shocking to the gentleman. . .
There can be 110 doubt that the necessities ot
the country, as I said before, absolutely de-
mand the construction of this work. I propose
to devote a very few moments at this time to
the project offered by the gentleman from JNew
York [Mr. Humphrey] as a substitute for this
bill. He will excuse me if I remark to linn
that it is a strange proposition m view ot ms
bold assertion that all appropriations ol money
for works of internal improvement are schemes
