396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
that he intends most stoutly to resist, and that
the present bill is a part of this great system
of peculation upon the Treasury which it is
charged is being urged by a lobby here who
are contriving ways and means for robbing the
Treasury of the United States; and, as a se-
quence of his own virtuous indignation against
these plunderers, he asks by his substitute that
the Government of the United States should
give to the State of New York the sum of
$10,000,000, which is but $2,000,000 less than
we ask for the completion of the work author-
ized by the bill unuer discussion. He has told
us in his argument that it is for the enlarge-
ment and ultimate free use of the Erie canal.
The gentleman's substitute leaves it discretion-
ary with the State of New York as to the time
for completing. And what after completion?
Why, tolls are continued to be levied substan-
tially in the discretion of New York until the
entire cost, principal and interest, has been re-
paid to the State and the General Government,
and in addition thereto the canal debt of the
State of New York. New York has already
collected from the revenues of that canal more
than all the cost of its construction, with interest
thereon. Under that proposition I do not be-
lieve that my friend, even with his youthfal-
ness, will live to see free transportation on the
Erie canal.
His proposition is an ingeniously prepared
scheme. 1 shall not consume the time of the
House now by examining it in detail. But if
I misrepresent the proposition in my general
statement of its provisions he can correct me.
But I say now, in my place, that there is 110
pretense, so far as any official act is concerned,
that New York will act upon that plan at all.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. .ICJDD. Certainly.
Mr. HUMPHREY. 1 desire to state that in
18f>2 the State of New York passed a law asking
the Federal Government to do this very thing.
Mr. J CJOl). Mr. Speaker, I am advised that
that was limited to five years ; my friend from
New York [Mr. Van Hoax] tells me so. But
no matter about that. Mr. Speaker, I am not
content to let the State of New York, i f we can
avoid it, rule over us in this matter. I prefer
that we should be under the guardianship of
the Congress of the United States as to the
rate of toll which we arc to pay for the trans-
portation of our produce to market.. I infi-
nitely prefer that the public, as represented in
the Congress of the United States, should be
onr guardian, instead of the sovereignty of the
State of New York, whose interests are to be
protected at the expense of the producer in the
West and the consumers at the East. I prefer
that the Representatives from all the States of
the Union should have something to say as to
the amount of tolls to be levied upon any canal
through which the products of the West may
seek a market.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I have here a copy of
the bill, and 1 should be glad to have the gen-
tleman examine it.
Mr. JUBD. It does not matter whether the
term be five years or ten years. My objection
is that it should not be left in the power of any
State to make levies in its discretion upon the
commerce passing through it, and that, too,
after it has received a bonus of $10,000,000
from the Government of the United States.
I will read a portion of the hill for the benefit
of the House. When the substitute was offered
by the gentleman I could not think he was in
earnest, but that it was a little measure de-
signed to cripple, to embarrass, and if possi-
ble defeat the pending measure ; that it was,
as we say upon the prairies, whose products
we are trying to relieve by this legislation from
unjust burdens, "setting a back fire." I want
to call attention to the terms upon which this
Erie canal is to be made free, if it should ever
be enlarged sufficiently to allow the passage
of ships:
That when said enlargement is completed and the
amount r.f the liens and charges upori the revenues
of said canals ascertained and determined, the State
ot New York, through tne agency of its canal board
or otherwise, wilt annually thereafter establish a rato
of toll® upon the property, boats, vessels, rafts, and
other craft passing through said canal.-:, and not ex-
empt from tolls, sut&eient to raise such sum or fund,
aud also topayfortho annual superintendences and
repair of said canals; and in establishing such rate
of toils no discrimination shall be made between the
property of the citizens or products of tho State of
N ew York and the property of the citizens or products
of any othcrState, Territory, orforeign country ; and
that after tho payment of the said liens and charges,
or accumulation of a sinkintr fund sufficient for tho
payment thereof, said State of New York will never
impose or levy upon the property, boats, vessels, or
other craft passing upon said canals any other or
greater rato of tolls, ehar^cs, or imposts than shall
be necessary to pay the annual superintendence and
repair of said canals; that said State of New York
will faitlitully apply all the moneys received from
paid tolls and charges, as follows: first, in payment
of the superintendence and repair of said canals:
second, in discharge of the inteiest. and piiucipal of
the several lines and charges aforesaid thereon, in
such manner as shall be just and equitable between
the. State ofNew York and tho United States.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enciefcd, That upon com-
pliance, wit h the conditions of this act by said State
of New York, and the approval of the plans and
specifications for the enlargement of said canals by
the Secretary of War of tboUnited States, as in this
act provided, the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States is hereby empowered and directed to
pa.y said suui of$10,00iJ,000 to the State of Now York,
by the delivery to said can at board or any authorized
agent of said State the bonds to the United States as
herciubeforespecitied, in such amounts and a.t such
times as may be required by said board in the proper
prosecution of said work.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I refer to these things
simply to show that, assuming the State of
New York would do what is proposed, we
should get no step forward, but would remain
in precisely the same condition in which we
are at the present time, subject, to the duties,
the tolls, and the tonnage ; aud it is not within
the power of niy friend from New York to tell
when we shall be freed from this levy of tolls.
There is no arithmetical or mathematical cal-
culation that will enable him or any other per-
son to demonstrate when the people shall have
the free use of that canal. Cost of repairs
and superintendence are sometimes very great.
But, Mr. Speakei, I have heard fiom many
of my friends in this House the objection that
this is an improper time for the spending of
large sums of public money. I subscribe most
fully to that general proposition, and the rea-
son for it is our large indebtedness and the
necessity for lightening the burdens of taxation
and at the same time preserving the public
faith. If the expenditure of a certain sum will
enable the producer to meet more easily the
necessary demands of the tax-gatherer; if it
will cheapen food to the laboring man; if it
will add largely to the productiveness of the
country, then, sir, the subject is worthy of the
serious consideration of the legislative branch
of the Government. The proposed expendi-
ture will, in my opinion, accomplish all these
purposes. Cheap transportation for the sur-
plus productions of the West will increase the
ability to pay taxes and create new resources
for the support of the Government. All these
questions are to be considered in determining
the soundness of the objection which is raised.
Why, Mr. Speaker, if a man owned a farm,
only fifty acres of which were under cultiva-
tion, and if he could put under cultivation
another fifty acres by building a road at some ad-
ditional cost, and thus giving him more means
to more certainly meet his liabilities, would
good judgment and sound economy authorize
the incurring of this expense? My judg-
ment is that he would, although already largely
indebted. Such, in my judgment, would be
the effect of the measure now before the House.
I yield to no n.an in my conviction of the
necessity for retrenchment and economy in
the public expenditures at this time. In at-
tempting to follow out this proper principle
do not let us cripple the resources of the coun-
try, but nourish, aid, and assist them, and in
their turn they will have more ability to re-
spond to the demands of the Government.
Judicious distinction should be made between
on the one hand aiding projects new aud
untried, and in which individual interest pre-
dominates or has an interest in by money,
bonds, or subsidies of any description; and,
on the other hand, a project for the removal
of an obstruction in one of the highways of
commerce that would cheapen, as I have said
before, the passage of surplus products to a
certain and profitable market. The statistics
presented by my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] has demonstrated that such would be
the effect of the measure now under discus-
sion ; and I believe everything this Congress
can do to enable the West to pay its taxes
more easily, to enable the laborer to get his
bread more cheaply, is, if not involving an
unreasonable expense, within the line of our
legitimate duty.
The last section of the bill appropriates
$12,000,000, not to be expended to-day nor to-
morrow, but it is to be used on work the
completion of which will necessarily extend
through five or six years. The amount named
is the estimated cost made by the engineer
department of the Governroentafterathorough
survey, it was thought expedient by the com-
mittee to name the entire sum in the bill that
the project might cost, so that the House and the
country might understand what it was engaged
in. The appropriation, if made, is to be paid
out from time to time as the work progresses.
It. is not a gross sum to be expended within the
next one, two, or three current years. I think
that any individual whose private estate was in
the condition that the estate of this Govern-
ment is. if he saw before him the means of
making that estate valuable by an expenditure
within his power, would certainly undertake
that expenditure. And I know of no just and
proper rule in regard to the conduct of private
business that would not apply to the conduct of
public affairs in regard to the expenditure of
money.
My friend from New York thinks we owe to
that State a debt of gratitude. I am not going
to consume any time on that question. As I
said before, the State of New York has been
very well paid, and the people are very much
obliged to her for doing what she has done,
even if she has done it through a selfish motive.
But now, when the necessities of a portion of
the country demand a different, policy, I would
wish that, New York would show that same
magnanimity and patriotism upon this question
that is claimed was shown in her internal im-
provements, and step out of the way of the
progress of the age.
Mr. HUMPH HEY. That is what my bill
proposes.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman tells me that
is what his bill proposes. 1 cannot see it in
that light ; and if I did see it, as I said before,
I prefer not to place the interest of this nation
under the control of any one State. I prefer
that, the interest of my constituents and the
people to be benefited by this measure be under
the guardianship of the Congress of the United
States, and that the tolls on this canal should
be controlled by the United States.
I have endeavored to show that this is dis-
tinguished from all other plans or measures
wherein private interests are to be promoted,
or where subsidies or loans are made or guar-
antied. There are no elements of individual
interest or private speculation that enter into
tho project now before the House. I ask gen-
tlemen, then, as they view the interests of the
great Northwest, as they feel an interest in
preserving the credit of the Government by
enabling the people to pay their taxes out of
their surplus productions, as they value the
cheapening of produce to the consumer by
facilitating transportation, to lend a helping
hand to this improvement. And I say to my
friend from New York, whose beautiful city of
Buffalo is one of the gems of the lakes, that he
must join the current; for the flow ot com-
merce will be onward in spite of him or me.
Its power is all-pervading and irresistible. You
may stand to-day in the way of an improve-
ment which the public interest demands ; you
may stand for an hour in the way of what the
people want for the transportation, of their
