1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
produce to market; but yon will be as surely
rode over by the demands of commerce as that
the Niagara cataract now stands in the way of
our reaching cheaply a market. Tou can no
more dam up the channels of trade by a city
even so beautiful as that of Buffalo than you
can stop the current of Niagara.
There are laws that govern these things to
which the people and the legislators of the
country must yield, and my conviction is that
this is one of those cases ; that the power that
is gathering, and which is beginning to make
itself felt from the States and Territories in the
West—a power that is now traversing the coun-
try with such rapid strides to the Pacific coast,
will demand that you cheapen transportation
by every reasonable means in your power.
I desire to see the principle that this work is
national recognized by the Congress of the
•United States. The proposition has been be-
fore Congress from time to time, receiving the
sanction of the House of Representatives.
While this measure is important to my constitu-
ents, it is not so important whether the canal
shall be constructed next year or five years
hence as it is for Congress to say that the work
shall be done. I appeal to my fellow-members
to join me in passing this bill, and let us re-
move the greatest obstruction that exists upon
any one line of commerce within the Uuited
States of America. I now yield the remainder
of my time to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iam sorry
that I am not able, from failure of voice, even
to occupy the time which has been so kindly
yielded to me by the gentleman from Illinois.
I wish, primarily, however, to give a reason or
two why I shall vote for this plan, or " scheme,"
as my friend from New York [Mr. Humphrey]
designates it, of public improvement, while as
a rule I propose to put myself very steadily
against all public improvements to be carried
on by private corporations through subsidies
from the Treasury. It will be remembered
that this bill, or a bill to carry out this project,
once passed this House. It failed in the Sen-
ate, and for the reason, as I understand, that
it was not thought judicious to give power to a
private corporation to enter upon the lands of
a State by right of eminent domain. This bill
proposes to assert itself under the provision
of the Constitution which gives to the United
States the right to take any means for defense,
to construct any military road; but while we
claim that as the grant of power, yet I by no
meaus shall advocate the passage of the bill
upon the ground of that necessity.
I have no fear of Canada, either in pieces
or as a whole, whether as province or as a
dominion. I want to put in a caveat here and
say to my friend from New York that I (lo not
yield to him or to any other gentleman in this
House in opposition to any reciprocity treaty
with Canada. I am against all treaties of
reciprocity, because I think they trench upon
the privileges of the House ; and I am not in
favor of any reciprocal legislation with Can-
ada. When she is ready to take the burdens
with us she may have the benefits of the Uni-
ted States, but not till then ; we cannot grant
the benefits until she takes her share of the
burdens. But, sir, claiming the power to carry
out this project through that constitutional
right, I think it is better that the improvement
should be done by the United States and for
the United States as free as possible from all
taxes which shall bo a burden upon transport-
ation. If there is any one great defect in out-
laws more than another, it is that they are so
defective that out of the transportation upon
our railroads and steamships and canals a
single man by his energy and shrewdness has
been able in a single lifetime, and that not a
very long one, to make a fortune of $60,000,000.
While I do not blame him, but rather praise
him for taking advantage of those laws it the
community give him the privilege, yet I do say
that that system of laws is exceedingly detect-
ive which allows a man to accumulate an lin-
naeuse fortune out of the highways, out ot the
meats of transportation to the South and "W est
by railroads and steamboats,
Mr. HUMPHREY. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Iwouldaskhioi whether
there would be any difference between allow-
ing a man to make a fortune in the way he
speaks of, and in the way a large number of
men in New England have made fortunes out
of the privileges granted to them by high
tariffs?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, there
would not; but I do not by that answer mean
to admit the fact that a very large number have
done so. Certainly none have made so princely
and enormous a fortune as this. The manu-
facturing property of New England taken as a
whole, carried on with all our industry and
enterprise, and with all our over-work of men
and women, has not by any means averaged
twelve per cent, on the capital invested.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I would ask the gen-
tleman if the profits upon the capital invested
in railroads have been on an average six per
cent.?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
because the directors have stolen all the profits
by gambling and watering the stocks.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Has not that been
equally the case with manufactures?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Notatall.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague has placed the
amount of profit upon manufactures a great
deal too high.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, I
certainly wanted not to make it a great deal
too low.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend will allow me
I will say that the statistics of the manufac-
turing property of New England during the
last thirty years show that it has not brought
in during that time an income of five per cent.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Was not there a report
made to this House during the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to the effect thatduring the previous
two years the profits upon manufactures had
averaged more than twenty-five per cent. ?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot tell what may have
been reported as the profits for any given six
months. My statement was that for the last
thirty years, with all the industry, all the en-
ergy, and all the devotion to business of which
New England has been capable, the manufac-
turing property of New England has not paid
five per cent, upon the amount invested.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
now propose to pursue this investigation into
all its details. Some time I shall do so, with
the leave of the House, but not now. But I
desire to say that I wish to have this work car-
ried on by the Government and paid for by the
Government, so that there shall be_ no toll
except what is necessary to keep this great
improvement in repair. My friend from Buf-
falo [Mr. Humphrey] has been kind enough to
assert that all of us who favor this " scheme,"
as he calls it, may be considered to have some
interest in it.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Not at all. The gen-
tleman will allow me to deny making any per-
sonal allusions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh,_ no;
only the interests of our constituents, certainly.
He has adopted the first device of a good law-
yer and advocate, by taking the attack in order
to endeavor to shield himself. I know of no
city of the United States that can by any
possibility be injured by this proposed canal
except the city of Buffalo. Her grain elava-
tors may possibly have a little less to do. But
she has levied tribute upon the West and built
herself up, rightfully or wrongfully—and T will
not suggest that it has been done wrongfully—
until she should be willing to stand one side
and give somebody else a chance. ^
The gentleman says that weshould not Duilu
this canal because private enterprise has not
been willing to eng&ge in it. Sir, this canal is
not a subject for private enterprise any more
than the canal across the Isthmus of Darien
or the canal across the Isthmus of Suez. I
pray the gentleman i'roip New York to tell.me
whether the Erie canal would have been built
by private enterprise if the State of New York
had not taken hold of it ? Would private capi-
tal have built that which is now shown to be
the wisest and b,est work ever dono by any
statesman for his State, and which has immor-
talized its great author? Before the Erie canal
was built, Newport and Boston were the rivals
of New York for the commerce of the world.
And Rhode Island remained out of this Union
for two years, and refused to adopt the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the great
argument made in her convention for so doing
was that if she came into the Union New York
would outstrip Newport in the race for the
commerce of the world, Newport then being
the superior commercial port. How true that
foresight was is now seen. But it would hardly
have been seen had not that great avenue of
transportation from the lakes to the city of
New York been opened by the State of New
York.
And I speak for my section when I say that
we desire the benefit of this canal because of
what we have lost by the construction to_ the
tolls of the Erie canal. You have taken from
us our commerce, and compelled us to resort
to manufactures. And you have taken toll on
our manufactures when we sent them to the
West. You have taken double tolls on our
breadstuffs when we brought them to the East;
and then, not content with that, when we ask
the Government to open an avenue which shall
bring nearer together the great manufacturing
part of the country and the great producing
section, you, in order to embarrass us, throw
in our faces the poor profits we have made in
our manufactures by industry, energy, and
skill.
Again, sir, I shall vote for this bill chiefly
because it does differ from every other scheme
in the fact that with honesty of administration,
or an approach to honesty of administration in
the War Department, there is no possibility
that there should be any "job" in the project
anywhere. There is no possibility that it can
put anything in the pocket of any private man,
except the mere amount of the compensation
for the land which may be taken. While I
yield to no man in the desire that this Govern-
ment shall be carried on with economy, and
while I intend to oppose all hazardous and
doubtful enterprises, especially any that looks
to a possibility of any man putting money into
his own pocket out of the Government, yet
true economy on the part of this Government
consists in opening between the East and the
West every possible avenue of communication.
Nor am I at all disturbed by the fact that
at the present time a portion of the tratlio
which this canal will open must be through
Canadian soil in order to use the St. Lawrence
river ; for the gentleman from New Y'ork [Mr.
Humphrey] knows very well—no man knows
better than he—that before we can build this
canal, with all the energy we can put upon it,
Canada, unless the tide of events should roll
backward, will be ours, not by conquest, but
by the wish and desire of the majority of its
inhabitants, a law-abiding people, homogene-
ous with ourselves, and who, if left to their
own desires, would long since have come to us.
I do not propose, sir—neither my time nor
my strength will permit it—to go into an exam-
ination of the statistics bearing on this subject.
Nor do I propose to raise any question as
to the amount of the appropriation. Certain
I am, judging from what I have known of the
.present administration of the WarDepartmem,
and also the last administration, (I call upon
gentlemen to have as much trust as I have in
the future.) there will be no possibility^ of
spending any of this money in a niauner tuat
shall not be just and economical with reference
to the interests of the Government. I do
not believe that this work is going to requue
an expenditure of ten or twelve million dol-
lars ; for iu tay wn town private enterprise,
