P50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
mittee can modify their amendment to $1,500.'
' Mr. HARLAN. I-.will not insist on the
amendment.   _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn. ■,
' Mr. HARLAN. In line "eight hundred and
fifty-eight, in the appropriations for the Nis-
qually, Puyallup, and other tribes and bands
of Indians, I move to strike out "$5,000"
and to insert $6,700so as to make the appro-
priation $6',TOO.
, Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As it now stands,
this is an appropriation of $5,000 "for pay of
instructor, smith, and physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine to the sick, carpenter, and far-
mer five persons, $1,000 apiece.
Mr. HARLAN. We have to give a physician
more than that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is $1,000
apiece for each one of these persons. If it
is to be increased at all, perhaps it might be a
little increased for the physician.
Mr, CORBETT. And he is obliged to fur-
nish medicines. This has been the annual
,appropriation for the support of this agency
and for those Indians for a great number of
years, ever since the treaty was made and
when all the expenses were paid in gold. Now,
if yon reduce the estimates of the Department,
which used to be made in gold, one fourth less
than what was fornlerly paid, and then take
off one fourth in the currency, they cannot be
supported. Unless we give these annual ap-
propriations as they were formerly made we
cannot carry out our treaty obligations. I have
here, if it is desirable to have them read, the
reports of the superintendent of Indian affairs
on the subject. He says that these employes
cannot be had for the amount of money that
was appropriated last year. 1 believe these
appropriations were struck down last year, and
it becomes necessary to insist that these ap-
propriations shall be made according to these
estimates, as they have been formerly made
for the past few years. Otherwise we cannot
carry out our treaty obligations. The question
is whether we want to violate our treaties and
have trouble.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. • My friend must
understand that there is another party to this
legislation wlm have a judgment about it, and
we must legislate somewhat with reference to
that. The House of Representatives have
passed their judgment upon it that $5,000 will
meet, the treaty stipulation. Now, as I under-
stand tho treaty stipulation, we agree to pro-
vide for these persons. Will tho $5,000 sup-
ply those persons? VVe make now the highest
appropriation we ever made for similar service
anywhere except on that coast.
Mr. CORBETT. Fifteen hundred dollars
has been the annual appropriation for a physi-
cian in other appropriations on this side, I will
state to my friend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the appro-
priation should be increased not by $1,500,
but simply by $500. If the honorable Senator
agrees to that I will not object to it.
Mr. CORBETT. These mechanics and farm-
ers are stipulated l'or in the treaty. The super-
intendent says that in a country where mechan-
ics' wages are $100 per month in coin thoy will
not certainly work for this small sum of $1,000 a
year in currency. It gives them about one
thousand dollars a year and about twelve or
fifteen hundred dollars for a physician.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am informed
by the elerlc from the Department that there
are only five hundred of these Indians alto-
gether. Now, I submit whether it is worth
while to talk about an instructor and a physi-
cian and a farmer and a blacksmith and a car-
penter and all that sort of machinery for five
hundred Indians; and I ask whether $5,000
are not ample'.' I dare say the farmer is car-
penler, doctor, nurse, physician, and minister
by in! ns. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared the amendment to be
rejected.
• Mr. CORBETT. ■ I think I shall have to call
for a division on this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest to my friend to
make a note of it and offer it again in the
Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand thatthe Sen-
ator from Maine is willing to grant the same
appropriation for a physician and for the sup-
ply of medicine that has been granted in other
places. If I cannot get the appropriation of
$6,700, I certainly want enough to pay for the
fhysician and for furnishing medicine to the
ndians. My friend from Maine says there are
only five hundred of these Indians. I cannot
explain exactly upon what reservation these
Indians arelocated. The gentleman here from
the Department who has charge of this subject
does not inform me; but I know that on many
of these reservations they have other Indians
with them ; and I think that this appropriation
is proper to carry out a treaty stipulation upon
the agency where they are located.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment is not now before the Senate. The Sen-
ator can renew it when the bill comes into the
Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eight hundred and
sixty-four [ move to strike out " $800" and to
insert " $1,500 so that the clause will read :
For fifteenth of twenty installments for the support
of an agricultural and industrial school, and support
of smith and carpcnter shop, and providing tho ne-
cessary tools theretor, in conformity witli tenth arti-
cle of tho treaty of December 26,1854, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I send an amendment to
the Chair, and as it is composed of sevex-al
items I will ask that the question be taken on
the first item first. I suppose there will be no
question about that, but the other may need
some consideration. The amendment is to
insert on page 80, in the appropriation for the
Navajoes, after line eight hundred and seventy-
four, the following:
For insurance and transportation, $15,000.
For deficiency in tho appropriation for amount of
deficiency expended in subsiding the Navajoes at the
Bosque Redondo. according to the contract, made by
Theodore II. Dodd, from tho 22d of May, 1868, until
their icinoval to their old homes, $1,155 90.
For deficiency in tho appropriation for the relief
of the Navujo Indians now at or near Fort Sumner,
to be expended under tho Secretary of tho Interior,
$80,813 58.
I ask that the question be taken on the first
item.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read
again.
The Chief Clerk. The first item is to insert
"for insurance and transportation, $15,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to have
a little explanation of that amendment. What
do they want to transport?
Mr. I-IARLAN. 'lhis is for the transporta-
tion of goods to the present residence of the
Navajo Indians, away out in the gorges of the
mountains. The goods can bo taken by rail-
road part of the way. The estimate, I think,
was about thirty thousand dollars : but on ac-
count of the recent construction of the railroad
four or live hundred miles away from the Mis-
souri river the committee thought probably
$15,000 would answer. There can be no doubt
about the necessity of $15,000 for that object.
The only question would be, in my mind,
whether it ought not to be larger. The depart-
ment estimate for $80,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The whole
amount of the appropriation for these Indians
is $-10,000.
Mr. HARLAN. That is an appropriation
of $10,000 in conformity with the eighth article
of the treaty for clothing, and so on ; and then
there is an appropriation for seeds and farm-
ing implements of $1-10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that
ought to be amended so as to cover transport-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator suggest an amendment to the amend-
ment ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read
again, and I will see if I cannot suggest an
amendment.
The Chief Clbek. The first item is "for
insurance and transportation, $15,000."
Mr. HARLAN. Last year the transport-
ation of $37,000 worth of provisions cost
$12,340 28, according to a memorandum fur-
nished by the Department. This year the
amount appropriated for supplies to these In-
dians I think is in the neighborhood of one
hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand
dollars; but notwithstanding that the com-
mittee thought that possibly $15,000 might be
sufficient for transportation, as a railroad has
been constructed about half the distance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator to insert the words "for the next fiscal
year."
Mr. HARLAN. It would be better to say
"for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I will modify the amend-
ment in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication will be made; and the question is on
the first branch of the amendment as modified,
as follows :
For insurance and transportation for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1S70, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
clause of the amendment will now be read.
Tho Chief Clerk read as follows :
For deficiency in tho appropriation for amount of
deficiency expended in subsisting the Navajoes at
the Bosque liedondo, according tothecontractmado
by Theodore H. Dodd, from the 22d of Ma,y, 1868,
until tlioir removal to their old homes, $1,155 90.
Mr. HARLAN. The next branch of the
amendment is the one that I suppose may need
an explanation. The committee have no doubt
about that one, nor indeed have they about the
other. >
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the other
branch of the amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
For deficiency in appropriation for the rctiefof
the Navajo Indians now at or near Port Sumner,
to be expended under the Secretary of the Interior,
S80.813 53.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
have the Senator explain that.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask the Senator from
Nebraska to make the explanation.
Mr. THAYER. The l'acts about that defi-
ciency are these: I understand the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations is quite
familiar with it now ; he did not at first under-
stand what the case was. The War Depart-
ment turned the Navajo Indians over to the
Indian Office, they having no appropriation to
support them. The Secretary of the Interior
entered into a contract for the feeding of them
in December, 18G7, until May, 1868, and an
appropriation to pay the amount due passed
both committees, the Committee on Indian
Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations,
unanimously, and passed tho Senate ; but it
was disagreed to in the House of Representa-
tives. Then a committee of conference was
appointed, and by that committee it was stricken
out at the instance of a member of the com-
mittee from the House. He afterward said
to mo that he had examined it further after the
bill had passed, and were it then before the
committee or the two Houses he should with-
draw all opposition to it. The Indian Com-
mittee have examined it again and moved its
addition to this bill. The money was expended
under a contract regularly entered into by the
Department, and it is honestly due.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I remember that
at the lastsession there were papers and vouch-
ers here. Are they iu your possession now ?
Mr. HARLAN. They are in the committee-
room of the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
committee examined them.
Mr. THAYER. This is an appropriation for
feeding those Indians. The War Department
notified the Secretary of the Interior that they
