176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
National Currency—Mr. Buckland.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
dred and forty-two Representatives, has now
§57,084,640, more than one sixth of the entire
national bank circulation ; and Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Connecticut,and New York, with
only forty-seven Representatives, have $155,-
873,639, more than one half of the entire
amount. These four States have more bank
circulation than all the rest of the States, Ter-
ritories, and the District of Columbia put
together. Massachusetts has more circulation
than Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wiscon-
sin, Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas, Nebraska, and
Missouri; and yet Massachusetts has only ten
Representatives, while the other States named
have .seventy five. Connecticut, with only six
Representatives, has $17,443,798, and Rhode
Island, with only two Representatives, has
S12.491.480; Maine,New Hampshire,Vermont,
Pennsylvania, and Maryland have an excess
over their proportion according to population,
but not near so great an excess.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to find
fault with Massachusetts or New York, or any
other State, or to do them injustice ; but I do
say that if this banking system is to remain in
force the people of the West will demand that
they have their share of its benefits, and the
people of the South will also make the same
demand ; and, sir, they have a right to demand
it. Because certain fortunate people of these
eastern States have already laid up princely
fortunes out of this business, is that any reason
why they should continue to do so to the exclu-
sion of the people of the other States ? I think
not. I contend that the privilege of using the
credit of the United States for making money
should be distributed among the people of all
the States as nearly equal as possible, and if
the national bank currency is to be limited to
$300,000,000 it should be distributed not ac-
cording to property, but according to popula-
tion, provided the population of the several
Stales desire this proportion. Because the peo-
ple in certain portions of the country have
more capital than in others is no reason why
they should have more of these facilities than
the less wealthy people of other States. On the
contrary, the fact that the people of some of
the States have less wealth than in others is a
very good reason why this Government should
legislate to better their condition.
But the proposition of the majority of the
committee is to cut down all the banks for the
purpose of obtaining the desired amount to be
distributed in the southern States. It proposes
to razee the circulation of all the banks in the
same proportion, in the States which now have
less than their proper share of the circulation
as well as in those which have a large excess,
even in those which now have the least.
Mr. Speaker, I claim that the population of
the western States require more circulation per
capita than that of the eastern States, which are
more densely populated. The business of the
eastern cities, New York and Boston, is done
by checks, handling comparatively little cur-
rency. It is simply a transfer of the credit
of one man upon the books of the banks to the
credit of another man by checks. But in the
country, where a large portion of the people
reside remote from banks, business is not and
cannot be done in that way. There mechanics
and farmers must have currency to carry in
their pockets wherever they go. But, however
that may be, whatl claim this Congress oughtto
do now is to provide whatever circulating me-
dium these destitute States need by taking it
from those States which have an excess over
their proportion, leaving the banks in those
States which have no excess undisturbed. We
ought not to take bank circulation from Indi-
ana, Ohio, and Illinois for the purpose of dis-
tributing it in other States so long as there is so
large a disproportion of this circulation in Mas-
sachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and
New York.
Air. Speaker, all exclusive privileges sooner
or later become odious to the people. I do
not believe that this national banking system,
upon the present exclusive plan, will exist or
can exist many years, for the reason that the
people see that a few men in every town and
city are building up fortunes out of a privilege
which they themselves are denied. Unless
Congress enacts a free banking law which shall
be open to all who can furnish the necessary
securities, or corrects the present unequal dis-
tribution of the bank currency, sooner or later
this national banking system will go by the
board. If, therefore, it is desirable to per-
petuate the system. Congress must show a dis-
position to do justice to all the people, and
not confine the greater share of its benefits to
four or five States in great disproportion to
their population. In my judgment, the time is
not far distant when the people will demand
a free banking system or the substitution of
United States currency for all bank paper.
But that is a question which it is not now my
purpose to discuss. The couutry is not now
in a condition to warrant the attempt to make
any great change in the system or quantity of
the currency. The most that we can or ought
to do now is to remedy the defects in the pres-
ent law, and confer the benefits of the present
national bank system upon all parts of the
country as equally as circumstances will per-
mit.
Mr. Speaker, if the settlement of this ques-
tion depended upon my judgment I would first
determine how much of this circulating medium
it is necessary to provide for the present wants
of the southern and western States, which have
much below theii proportional amount; and
when I had ascertained that, I would take it
from the States which have an excess in pro-
portion to the amount of that excess. But the
principle upon which this amendment of the
committee proceeds is to keep up the dispro-
portion between the West and the East in the
distribution of the circulation hereafter. I do
not think it would be good policy to cut down
that disproportion all at once ; but if you want
$20,000,000 this year to supply the just de-
mands of the South and West, take it from the
States which have more than they ought to
have, and give it to the States which need it;
and if you want S-0,000,000 next year for the
same purpose, take it from the States which
then have more than belongs to tliern and give
it to those which have less, and keep doing so
untilyou have fairly distributed the $300,000,000
among all the States according to their popu-
lation and needs. When you have done that
you will have accomplished the next best thing
to a free banking law, and the only thing that
will satisfy the people of the States and prevent
their demanding a free banking law or the abo-
lition of national banks altogether. I think
in this respect the bill of the Senate is much
better than the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Banking and Currency, for this
reason : that it takes from the banks which have
a larger circulation than their proportional
amount, according to the law of 1865, and gives
it to those States which have now less than five
dollars per inhabitant. There would be, I
think, two hundred and forty-two Representa-
tives in Congress were all'the States repre-
sented, who represent the population of the
several States as it was in 1860. The growing
western States at this time have a much larger
population than in 1860; but if we take the
representative population of 1860 as a basis
for apportioning the banking circulation of
$300,000,000 we will find it to give a little less
than $1,250,000 to each Representative in Con-
gress from the several States.
I think it would be fair to take ten, fifteen,
or twenty millions, or whatever is necessary at
this time to distribute to States which are in
want of circulation from the States having a
larger amount of circulation than $1,250,000
for each Representative in Congress. Certainly
the eastern States cannot in justice object to
that, because the population of all the western
States has much more largely increased than
that of the eastern States since the census of
1860. If we take that as the basis it will indi-
cate that Congress intends in the future to dis-
tribute these privileges among the people of
the several States according to their numbers,
and not according to their wealth. I object to
all legislation which has a tendency to make
the rich richer and the poor poorer. I think
the people of these States will demand a more
equal distribution of the national bank cur-
rency, because $300,000,000 is not sufficient to
supply all who desire to go into the banking
business. Therefore if you would continue that
limit you must distribute that amount not ac-
cording to capital, but according to population,
in order to satisfy the people that the national
banking system is not being maintained mainly
for the benefit of the large capitalists.
Mr. Speaker, I propose an amendment to the
Senate bill which if adopted will require the
$20,000,000 for distribution to States having a
less national banking circulation than five dol-
lars per inhabitant to be withdrawn pro rata
from banks in States having an excess of na-
tional bank circulating notes over one million
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars to each
Representative in Congress. This is better
than the Senate plan, for the reason that the
law of 1865 is very indefinite and uncertain as
to the apportionment of $150,000,000 of the
circulation. My amendment will make the law
so plain that it can be understood by every-
body, and will leave nothing to the discretion
or favoritism of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The experience of the past warns us to make
suitable precautionary provisions for the future.
Mr. Speaker, there is one provision in the
amendment proposed by the committee which
I approve, and hope it will be adopted. I al-
lude to the proviso that no association shall
have an amount of circulating notes exceeding
$1,000,000; and every association having a
larger amount shall, as soon as practicable,
withdraw from circulation and return to the
Comptroller of the Currency to be canceled all
its circulating notes in excess of that amount.
One million is as much as any one association
ought to be allowed to have. In the city of
New York there are five banks which have
over $14,000,000. One of these, the National
Bank of Commerce, has $6,000,000. In the
city of Boston two banks have about $3,000,000.
Reducing these banks to $1,000,000 each will
withdraw about $10,000,000, one half of the
amount required by the Senate bill. I think
it would be good policy and just to take the
balance of the $20,000,000 from the banks
which have over $5,000,000 of circulating
notes in the States having an excess in propor-
tion to their representative population. By
this means the circulation in these States will
be left more equitably distributed. The excess
of circulation m these States is mostly absorbed
by mammoth banks in the cities, whereas the
business of the cities requires less proportional
circulation than the county. New York city
has about $30,000,000, and all the rest of the
State $38,000,000. The city of Boston has
about $26,000,000, and all the .rest of the State
of Massachusetts about $31,000,000. Before
the war, under the State bank system, New
York city had less than $7,000,000 of bank cir-
culation, which proves conclusively that the
New York city banks can surrender a large
amount of their present circulation without at
all affecting the business interests of the city.
The city banks do not need much circula-
tion to enable them to do a profitable business.
Their deposits are large; whereas the deposits
of the country banks are comparatively small,
and they rely more upon the profits of their
circulating notes. The concentrated money
influence of New York city has become too
great for the good of the country, and the dis-
proportionate amount of the national bank
currency which the banks of that city have has
done much to produce that evil. The proper
