1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
by industrial pursuits. They have settled down
and are cultivating the soil, have a mill to
grind their grain which they raise with their
own hands, and the treaty provides that this mill
shall be erected and a miller employed to run
their mill, and heretofore tliey have received
$1,200 a year to pay a miller, which has been
divided between a miller and a helper. _ Now,
the Senate will discourage these Indians by
refusing to give them hereafter the help which
they have had heretofore. In this ease it
amounts to a cruelty to give them neither an
engineer to run their mill nor an ordinary
helper to help the miller to manage it, just
what they have been having year after year
heretofore during the transition period.
Mr. MORBILL, of Maine. The engineer did
not come in here; that was for another tribe;
do not lug that engineer in here to help this
case out.
Mr. HARLAN". It is the same tribe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Omahas?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; the Omahas.
There is no mill-stream there, and the treaty
provides that a mill shall be built to grind their
corn; and a steam-mill is the only mill that
can be built that can be run where they are
located. Now, the Senator will not allow them
to have an engineer to run the engine, and will
not allow the miller to have an assistant to
enable him to grind their corn for them.
Mr. FOWLEii. Does the treaty provide for
a miller and engineer?
Mr. HARLAN. Not for an engineer ; but
it provides that a mill shall be built. It may
have been contemplated at that time that a
water-mill might be constructed ; but year after
year since 1854 the appropriation for an engi-
neer has been made, and the mill is worthless
without, an engineer. Ilere the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations will refuse to
allow them to have the very help that is neces-
sary to make the mill useful. After robbing
them of the engineer ho wants to cut down the
usual pay for a miller and his help, just what,
has been paid them ever since 1851. Those
Omahas that arc trying to live honestly by the
sweat of their brows are to be thus robbed of
this little pittance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it is
rather modest, in the Senator from Iowa on
behalf of the Committee on Indian Affairs to
talk of robbing when he has abandoned the en-
gineer himself voluntarily. When [ show him
that an engineer is not provided for in the treaty,
ho abandons that, and then lugs it in here now
to sustain an undue appropriation for a miller.
Now, what I am willing to consider as within
the terms of the treaty is a fair compensation
for a miller, and the Senator must not appeal
to me to go one inch beyond a compensation
for that force which is provided for in the treaty.
A thousand dollars is all that we pay a miller
anywhere, and we have paid this miller and
engineer for ten whole years without authority
of law. If the miller has not gol, educated in
the last ten years up to running a mill I think
he had better stop with this tribe.
I submit,, therefore, that, my honorable friend
take $1,000 instead of $1)00 for his miller, and
be content.
"Mr. HARLAN. If the Senate so decide I
will.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I shall not be considered
as interfering between my honorable friend from
Maine and my honorable friend from Iowa, I
desire to make a suggestion. 1 think this ap-
propriation illustrates ourlndiau service about
as well as anything I know of. The Omaha
Indians are a semi-civilized tribe living in the
valley of the Missouri river, in the State of
Is ebraska, and are just as able as most of the
white people, and better able than one fourth
of the communities of the United States, to
empjoy a miller and engineer to run their mill.
1 hey are living where everything they raise
sells readily for a full market price. They have
their farms improved, partlv by the aid of the
uited Stales, m the valley of the Missouri,
about sixty miles from Omaha and Council
Bluffs, which, according to George Francis
Train, is the center of creation. It seems to
me, therefore, that this appropriation for a mil-
ler and engineer to run the mill of the Omaha
Indians is a pretty fair illustration of our In-
dian service. These Omaha Indians are no
doubt fully able to pay a miller, and we are
under no obligations whatever by the treaty to
furnish them an engineer, according to the
statements that have been made. It furnishes
a parallel case to the appropriations which were
continued a long time, made for the Wyandott
Indians in Kansas, who were shown at one time
to be the richest people on the face of the globe.
It has been stated in a public report that they
were worth more per capita than any other
people, taking the value of their land at the
mouth of the Kaw river and all their property.
Under the circumstances I do not think the
Senator from Iowa representing the Indian
Committee should ask anything more than
what the' treaty requires. That ought to be
provided for, and no more. I trust now that
my friend from Maine realizes something of
the difficulty of managing an Indian appropri-
ation bill. I had the honor of doing that for
two or three years, until I got very sick and
tired of it. We first appropriate for all that
was required by the treaties and by law, and
then innumerable applications were made,
plausible on their face, which it was quite im-
possible for any man to reply to, and those
we generally put on the bill; and so the In-
dian appropriation bill went on swelling and
increasing every year although the number of
Indians was constantly diminishing. It ip
true that as we advanced our settlements fur-
ther among the Indian tribes we had to make
new Indian treaties ; but the old Indian treaties
still went on demanding the old sums of money
although the Indians disappeared or were ab-
sorbed in our population. New treaties were
made with new tribes, and the annual Indian
appropriation bill kept swelling and growing
till I suppose it now reaches $5,000,000.
I shall vote with my friend from Maine
against appropriating anything beyond what is
called for by the treaty. If these treaties are
not liberal enough we know how easy il, is to
gather a council of braves, send out an Indian
agent, and make a now treaty ; and the next
treaty with the Omahas will probably provide
for a miller and au engineer, and also for the
com to run the mill, because the argument
now advanced by my honorable friend from
Iowa applies just as well to the corn. What
is the use o£,an engineer or a mill unless you
have the corn ? What is the use of building a
mill for the Omaha Indians unless you give
them the corn to grind in it? As a matter of
course, when you build a mill you are bound
to give them something to grind in it. That
kind of argument would apply just as well to
furnishing them the corn as an engineer, and a
man to help the engineer, and all the hands
employed about the mill; just, as if the Omaha
I nilian tribe were not able from their earnings,
from what they raise on their rich lands in the
Missouri, to pay for the engineer and the as-
sistant necessary to rim the mill. A very
small toll—I have no doubt the toll that is
levied by the men who run this mill—would,
if applied honestly, pay them for their ser-
vices. Under the circumstances, T think we
had better stick to the treaties, and not give
more unless it is demauded by the treaties.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the question
is what the treaty means; whether the Gov-
ernment shall follow its own construction of
what the treaty means? It has givifn a con-
struction to that treaty for the past ten years,
and has appropriated the money for an engi-
neer and for a miller, precisely the amount
that the Indian Committee ask for. They do
not ask for any large amount; they merely ask
the Government to stick to the interpretation
ot the treaty that the Government itself has
made heretofore, and to which no objection
ever heretofore has been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I do not propose to take
up any time. I only want to remark to my
friend from Ohio that it is easy enough to the-
orize pn this question and to raise objections.
I am free to say that I do not like the policy
which has grown into law in regard to the In-
dians, or, at least, I would have a different sys-
tem if 1 could. But I ask him if he proposes
now to wipe out the whole Indian policy or
reverse it; violate all the treaties, set them all
aside, tear tbem up,? If that is the policy, that
is one thing; but if you are carrying out that
policy, and propose to execute the treaties with
them in good faith, then let us carry them out.
Now this has been the construction of the de-
partment and of Congress ever since the treaty
was made with the Omahas. It did so itself,
not the Omahas. Year after year, since the
treaty has been made, it has made appropri-
ations for an engineer. It has given its own
construction, which we are following. My
friend from Ohio was chairman of the Appro-
priation Committee, as I understand him, mak-
ing these appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was chairman of the
Finance Committee when they had charge of
the appropriation bills.
Mr. THAYER. We are following exactly
in his footsteps. Now, is he going to rise here
aud condemn us ? He made this appropriation
year after year, and now he calls us to an ac-
count for following in exactly the course which
he marked out for following his own precedent.
I hope he will not persist in the objection, and
will not censure us for doing what he did.
These Omahas, as I said before, have made
considerable progress. They have a small res-
ervation ; they hunt but little and fish but little,
but rely mostly on this mill. The mill is run
constantly; it cannot be run by one engineer;
there is an absolute necessity for an assistant.
The Government has made this appropriation
year after year according to its own construc-
tion of the treaty, and 1 hope the Senate will
not now strike it off.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it in order to
amend this proposition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To reduce
the amount is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to make
it $1,000 instead of $1,200.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish for a five minutes'
executive session on important public business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us have a
vote on this.
Mr. SUMNER. I am afraid I shall not have
time unless I move it now. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow me to make the motion. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At four o'clock the doors were
reopened; and the Senate took a recess until
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING PUPS I ON.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. in.
UUKDBNTIALS.
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore presented the
credentials offclon. Ali.ex G. Thubman, elected
by the Legislature of Ohio a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4, 1809 ;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
I'Al'EKS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, leave wasgranted
to Duff Green to withdraw his memorial on the
subject of the finances.
BILLS INDEFINITELY POSTPONED.
On motion, by Mr. BAMSEY, the bill (S.
No. 85) to authorize the Southern_ Minnesota
Railroad Company to construct a bridge across
the Mississippi river, between La Crosse, in the
State of Wisconsin, and the opposite bank of
said river in the State of Minnesota, and to
establish said bridge as a post route ; the bill
(S. No. 080) to establish a certain post road in
the State of Connecticut; the bill (B. R. No.
503) to amend an act entitled ''An act to author-
