1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
13 m
ize the construction of certain bridges and to
establish them as post roads thebiIl(S. No.
087j establishing a certain post road in the State
of Connecticut; the bill (S. No. 865) to pre-
vent abuses of the franking privilege ; the bill
(S. No. 683) in relation to the transportation
of United States mails by railroad companies;
the joint resolution (8. It. No. 61) relative to
letter-carriers; the bill (S. No. 80S) to provide
for mail service between Port Abercrombie,
Dakota Territory, and Helena, in Montana
Territory; the joint resolution (8. R. No, 56)
for the relief of Leonard J. Smith, for carrying
the United States mail from Great Salt Lake
City, Utah, to Bannock City; Moutana Terri-
tory; the joint resolution (S. R. No. 76) author-
izing the several Executive Departments of the
Government to purchase paper and envelopes
of the Treasury Department; the joint resolu-
tion (II. li. No. 132) in regard to the construc-
tion of section ten of the act approved March
2,1867, entitled "An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1868, and fprother
purposes.;" and the bill (S. No- 297}to amend
an act to authorize the construction of certain
bridges, and to . establish them as post ro'atjs,
were postponed indefinitely.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move also to postpone
indefinitely the bill (S. No. 62) to provide for
an American line of mail steamships to run
between New York and one or more European
ports.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator which one of the bills on that subject
that is 1
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill was introduced
March 14, 1867. It is no bill that the Senator
has in his mind, I imagine.
The motion was agreed to.
AUOSES OF FRANKING P1UVILBGE.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate-
proceed to the consideration of House bill No..
1549. _ '
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1549) to restrict .and regulate the frank-
ing privilege was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that it shall not be
lawful for any officer of the Government, mem-
ber of Congress, or other person entitled by
law to the franking privilege to exercise that
privilege otherwise than by his or her written
autograph signature upon the matter franked ;
and all letters or other mail matter not thus
franked by the written signature of a person
entitled by law to exercise the privilege shall
be charged with the rates of postage which are
now, or may be hereafter, established by law.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments. The
amendments were in line six, to strike out the
word " autograph" and to insert the words "or
authorized;" in line seven, after the word
1 • franked,'' to insert'1 except heads of Depart-
ments and heads of bureaus now entitled by
law to the franking privilege, who shall be
allowed to frauk all official matter pertaining
to their Departments or bureaus by the use of
a stump which shall designate the object for
which it is used, under such regulations as the
Postmaster General shall prescribe;" and in
line thirteen, after the word " franked," to
strike out the words "by the written signature
of a person entitled by law to exercise said
privilege;" so that the bill as amended will
read ;
lie it en a,-kd, (t'c.. That it shall not be lawful for any
oilicer of the Government, member of Congress, or
ni her person entitled bylaw to the franking privilege
to exereise said privilege otherwise than by his or her-
written or authorized signature upon the matter
flanked, except beads of Departments and heads of
bui-LMu? now entitled by law to the franking privilege,
wboshall be allowed to frank all official matter per-
taining to their Departments or bureaus by theuseof a
stamp which shall designate the object for winch it
is u>ed, under such regulations as the Postmaster
(reneral shall prescribe; and all letters or other mail
matter not thus franked shall be charged with the
i .i i of pohtaye vvhich iiro now, or may bo hereafter,
established by law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is oil the amendments reported by, the
Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the bill:
will accomplish anything if the amendment of
the committee prevails which authorizes the
frank to be made by somebody else. There is
no law that authorizes these stamps, or author-
izes other persons than the individual who
has the franking privilege to frank letters.
That is an abuse of the privilege. It is a per-
sonal privilege, and was so regarded formerly.
I move to strike out of the amendments of the
committee the words " or authorized," so as to
make it in that respect as the bill stands as it
came from the House.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate will of course
understand that this is a proposition to abolish
the use of the fac simile stamps. For myself
I have no objections to, but rather approve of,
the amendment of.the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is dn agreeing, to the amendments of the
committee.
Mr. TRUMBUjLL., I desire to amend the
aiuendments of the committee in that respect,
if it is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee report as one amend meat to strike out
the word "autograph" and insert the words
" or authorize and if that is voted down it
will accomplish the Senator's purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I call for a divis-
ion of the amendments, and hope the Senate
will disapprove of the committee's amendment
in, that respect, if that will raise the question.
Mr. CONKLING. I am sorry that this bill
is under consideration when the Senate is so
thin. Of course the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
is not responsible for that, and is not able any
more than the rest of ua to insure a full attend-
ance of the Senate. A question upon which
there i« a real division now, if the bill is to
proceed at this time, would break up the Sen-
ate, as we see, for the want of a quorum. That
I should be very reluctant to do ; and yet I
hope before the bill is disposed of we shall be
permitted to have a fair vote with a tolerably
full Senate on the proposition to abolish the
franking privilege. I have had the opportu-
nity sometimes in past years during my service
in Congress to, make that motion, and several
times to vote for it; and as I have never lost
an opportunity so to vote I would not lose that
opportunity now.
Of course it is not my purpose to repeat any
of the arguments which have been made or
might be made agaiBSt the franking privilege.
It is greatly abused, and even if it were noil
think it would be better to abolish it altogether,
and allow every member of the Senate and of
the House and other officers, if necessary, a
fixed amount for postage, or even allow them
a postage account to be audited just aa the
postage of officers of the Army is audited. It
seems tome that anything which is likely to
result from its total repeal would be better than
anything we can hope for from this measure,
although it may correct this particular abuse.
As I said, I do not wish to consume any time
about it nor to. dilate upon it, but 1 should
like the Senator to allow this bill to lie over
until the Senate is full enough to divide with-
out breaking up for want of a quorum, when I
shall ask the opportunity to submit a motion,
in the nature of a substitute for this bill, to re-
peal all acts which now authorize the franking
privilege.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have the
Senator from New York show, if he can, how
the arrangement that be proposes would be
more economical than the one we now have.
I suppose that any change made under the law
would be for the purpose of saving money to
the Government. Supposing that members ot
Congress and officers were allowed a certain
amount of money with which to pay their post-
age accounts, the probabilities are that the
mails w-ould be as much loaded then sis they
now are ; and in addition to that expense would
be the other, expense of supplying the metn 
berg of Congress -and (he other officers with
stamps or postage money.I do not know what
particular expense groves (Hit of the present ar-
rangement other than that the mails are loaded
down with these public documents, aad it is
made difficult for the mails to be conveyed,
from, place to place.
Mr. FERRY. Let, me suggest to the Sena-
tor one thing: half flie public printing would,
be saved.
Mr. CONKLING.. More than that.
Mr, TRUMBULL. And jet me say to the
Senator from Oregon that matter goes through
the mail now not franked by members of Con-
gress at all, but by art abuse of the privilege.
Persons to-day all over these United States,
in different parts of the country,, are sending
letters and papers that are franked when the
members of Congress are here in Washington.
I admit that this is illegal; but the law is not
enforced.
Mr. CONKLING. Not; can it be.
Mr. \yiLLIAMS. I think, perhaps, there
is some little abuse pf that kind, but I do not
believe it is half as extensive as it is repre-
sented to be, because any postmaster must
necessarily be a dishonest man who will send
a franked document from Columbus, in the
State of Ohio, for instance, when he knows
that the member of Congress from that dis-
trict is in the city of Washington during the
session ; and he must know it if he pays any
attention to the public journals of the day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They do not know it. ,
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Oregon that there is no doubt
about the feet that the franking privilege is
most grossly abused. I saw myself the other
day a letter which was sent from this city with
a mere fictitious signature, and it went safely
to New York just as though it had on it the
signature of the honorable Senator from Iowa
or the honorable Senator from Illinois, and
was brought back to me here again. There is
no limit, there is no power of restraint at all
upon any department of the Government in
this respect. The merest pretense of a frank
is enough ; and these letters pass through the
mail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The franks upon them
are generally illegible.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, they are generally
illegible, and the, impression of th.e Depart-
ment is that millions are lost to the Govern-
ment, not by the legitimate use, but the abuse
of the franking privilege.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose you take up some
other bill for the present until there is a quo-
rum present.
- Mr. RAMSEY. We might just as well de-
bate this subject. There is no quorum pres-
ent, and if Senators intend to call for a division
they may as well do it oa this bill as anything
eke.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have you not some bill
on which there will not be a division called ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I merely wish to inform the
members here present that the Committee ou
Post Offices and Post Roads of the Senate
believe that the duty of Congress is to repeal
the franking privilege entirely.
Mr. FERRY. Why not report such a prop-
osition ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Because we were not pre-
pared to provide for all the contingencies that
would arise in that event; as, for instance, in
the several Departments and several bureaus
of the Government here. We did not know
what would be the best thing to do with Con-
gress; what they would require. Possibly they
mfty require stamps or something else in lieu
of this privilege, just as they require stationery
and newspapers. All that we have not iully
matured and fully considered, and hence we
thought it bettor to let it go over until the uei.t
session of Congress, although the committee
j are fully convinced that the total abolition ot
j the franking privilege ought to occur. Jn^'he
I mean time they think they may salely ask Cou-
