1869.]   
40th Cong .... 3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONQBESSIONAL GLOBE.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Garfield.
m
Ho. 01? Reps.
distribution of the national bank currency
among the several States and Territories will
have a tendency to correct the evil The bill
of she Senate will not give Ohio any additional
bank circulation, but the amendment of the
committee will take from that State between
two and three million dollars without returning
any, whereas Ohio has now at least 55,000,000
less than her ratable proportion. I cannot
therefore consent to any decrease.
1 desire to say a few words in reply to some
remarks made by gentlemen here in regard to
requiring banks that propose to go into liquid-
ation to substitute greenbacks for their circu-
lation. It has been claimed by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingebsoll] and others that
it would enable the banks to tie up hundreds
of millions of dollars of currency. For the life
of me I cannot see how the gentleman could
have got such an idea into his head.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I can tell the gentleman
very easily; because it is correct.
Mr. BUCKLAND. When the banks substi-
tute greenbacks for their circulation the green-
backs become so much money in the Treasury.
It is not destroyed, but may be paid out the
same as any other money in the Treasury. And
the effect is contrary to what the gentleman
supposes; it is to give the Government the
benefit of the circulation of the national banks,
substituting greenbacks until it is redeemed,
without interest, and the use of the greenbacks
paid into the Treasury for the redemption of
the national banking circulation until that cir-
culation is presented for redemption. And if
it is not presented for five or ten years so much
the better for the Government.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is no provision
in the bill which authorizes the Treasurer of
the United States or the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or the Government to use the greenbacks
thus deposited as a fund from which to redeem
the national banking currency.
Mr. BUCKLAND. No uew law is required
for that purpose. If it is paid into the Treas-
ury, it is money to be used like any other
money in the Treasury. The gentleman is
mistaken as to the law as it now stands, and
as to the provisions of the bill- upon that sub-
ject. The law as it now stands and the bill
require the banks to pay into the Treasury an
amount of lawful money of the United States
equal to the amount of their outstanding cir-
culating notes and requires the Treasurer to
redeem these outstanding notes when pre-
sented, but does not require him to keep the
identical money paid in by the banks for the
purpose of the redemption. He may redeem
them with any money in the Treasury at the
time they are presented. Therefore, the state-
ment that the banks can, under the provisions
of the law or the bill, tie up millions or any
amount of the United States currency is not
well founded. The Treasurer can pay it out as
fast as received ; and as fast as the bank cur-
rency is redeemed an equal amount may be
issued to other banks.
Redaction of the Army.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. GARFIELD,
or omo,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1869.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the bill (H. It. No. 803)
making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1870—
' Mr. GARFIELD said:
Mr. Chairman : I desire to state to the com-
mittee as briefly as I can the substance of the
amendment offered by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and to call the attention of the
House to the questions involved in the pro-
posed redaction of the Army; and as the
amendment is likely to meet with some oppo-
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 12.
sition, I shall be greatly obliged if I can have
the attention of the committee while I state
the conclusions and recommendations of the
Committee pn Military Affairs, and the grounds
of their action.
I wish, in the outset, to say that the commit-
tee share, to the fullest extent, in the general
desire and determination of this House to
reduce expenditures in every department of
the Government, and they believe that the
extent to which retrenchment ought to be car-
ried should be limited only by the necessities
of the public service and the efficiency of the
several Departments of our Government.
Retrenchment unwisely made is wastefulness.
It is not economy alone that should be con-
sidered in reorganizing the Army. The com-
mittee have proceeded, and I shall proceed
upon the supposition that the question has been
settled by Congress that we are to maintain an
Army of such size and organization as Congress
and the people are willing to support with their
means, and will be proud of as a worthy and
valuable department of the Government. When
the Army is properly organized, when it is not
too large, when it is well officered and well dis-
ciplined, it ought to be the pride of every Amer-
ican citizen; it ought, to be an institution that
we desire to protect. And it is the duty of this
House so to adjust, regulate, and limit its organ-
ization, that we shall not need to make it the
object of every-day attack, but that we may
defend it here while it defends the country and
maintains the national honor. It appears to
me, therefore, Mr. Chairman, that the prelim-
inary and primary inquiry is, how large an
Army do we need? When we have settled
that, we should next apply all the reduction
and retrenchment consistent with the national
honor and with the efficiency of the Army we
determine to maintain. To these considerations
I invite the attention of the committee.
In order to understand the situation, I beg
leave to call the attention of the committee to
the size of our Army as now authorized by
law, and then what it is in fact. The Army, as
it stood before the war. was admitted on all
hands to be the smallest organization consist-
ent with the public safety in time of peace as
affairs then stood. We had in 1860 an Army
of 11,848 enlisted men and 1,083 commissioned
officers. In July, 1866, not quite three years
ago, Congress discussed very fully what should
be its future Army, and after along debate in
both Houses, passed the law of July 28, 1866,
fixing the military peace establishment. That
law authorized five regiments of artillery, ten
of cavalry, and forty-five of infantry, and fixed
the staff departments as they are now organ-
ized. The minimum strength and the maxi-
mum strength of a regiment of each arm of the
service was fixed so that the Army might contain
80,370 enlisted men' as the maximum, while
the minimum strength was 47,270 enlisted men.
Whether it should be in fact the larger or the
smaller number or any intermediate number
was left io the wisdom-and discretion of the
President of the United States. This law of
July, 1866, was the last legislative- utterance
of the people of the United States through their
Congress in regard to their peace establish-
ment, and by that utteraffce it was determined
that we would have an Army of about 3,200
commissioned officers, and from 47,000 to
80,000 enlisted men. The President used the
discretion given him by this law, and I will
show how he has used it. The law was passed
in July, 1866. The new Army organized in
accordance with this law, amounted in 1867 to.
54,641 men, not quite half way up to the max-
imum, but nearly 10,000 above the minimum.
One year later, as shown by the Army Register
of 1868, the Army had been allowed to run
down to 62,948 men. That was the force in
August, 1868. I ought to mention, in passing,.
that while General Grant was Secretary of War-
ad interim he cut off from the Army and the
War Department nearly eighteen thousand civil
employes, persons who were employed by the
Government but not mustered into the military
service. As the necessity of a military police
in the late rebel States diminished, the rank
and file of the Army has been allowed to de-
crease by not filling it by enlistments, until on
the 1st day of January, 1869, a little more than
five weeks ago, the full strength of the Army
was 38,575 enlisted men, and a few less than
3,000 commissioned officers.
The Army is now below the minimum. The
law has not been construed as requiring it to
be kept up to the minimum, though, perhaps,
astriet construction would require the Presi-
dent to recruit it up to 47,270; and he can
to-day order it increased to 80,000 men. Such
being the law now, the question is how much
lower shall we fix the legislative limit to the
size of our Army ? In the first place, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have not thought it
wise to depart from the policy of the Govern-
ment, which has not been changed during almost
half a century that while we do not need to
keep in time of peace an Army sufficient for a
time of war, yet we ought, in time of pcace,
to keep alive and in vigorous growth a knowl-
edge of military science and habits of military
discipline, and maintain such an organization
as can be readily expanded and placed upon a
war footing whenever the necessity for it shall
arise.
In looking over the debates and historical
reviews that followed the war of 1812 I have
noticed it was conceded on all hands that the
Army had been allowed to run down to go low
a point in its organization t,hat when the war
came on the country found itself with an organ-
ization insufficient to be expanded into an Army
on a war footing; and the Secretary of War, a
few years after that war ended, said in an official
report to Congress that the losses and expenses
resulting from this insufficient organization dur-
ing the first year or two of the war were vastly
greater than the expense that would have been
incurred in maintaining an army large enough
to be readily expanded to a war basis. For
this purpose how much larger is our Army now
than it ought to bo.
Aside from this question we must consider
our present situation in regard to Indian hos-
tilities. Last session the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs recommended a small reduction in
the cavalry arm of the service. At this time
they do not report any reduction of the cavalry,
for the reason that in the Indian war now in
progress and in Indian wars generally cavalry
is the main reliance.
Our officers in command say that infantry
can be of but little value in actual Indian fight-
ing, especially in the winter time. And in
order to meet the necessities of the case, the
Secretary of War has raised in Kansas, and
has been employing for the last five or six
months, a volunteer regiment of cavalry to
serve against the Indians; the cavalry of the
Army being insufficient for that purpose. So
long, therefore, as we find it necessary to em-
ploy volunteer cavalry to ftsssist in this Indian
war, the committee did not feel themselves jus-
tified in reporting a reduction of that arm of
the service.
We have now nearly the same artillery organ-
ization that we had before1 the war. In 1860 we
had then four regiments of artillery. There
was an increase of one regiment made by the
act of 1866. And it must tie remembered that
since the passage of that law we have greatly
extended our coast, that we have added an
empire to the Republic. At the present time,
as the records of the War Department show, -
we have a chain of fortified" posts along onr
coast extending from Eastport to Sitka; moant--
ing three thousand two hundred and fifty coast
guns, ■ and; at the present- day we- ha,ve not
enough enlisted'men in the artillery to enable
us to put two men to each, gun. These forti-
fications are a part of the- defensive policy of
the United States. If they must not be manned,
