1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40jt
the Falls of N iagara be done, and the other works
incident to that will come afterward, if they
come at all; but do not saddle it with any
proposition for any other canal or any other
river, for if you do you will defeat the propo-
sition. You will only inaugurate a policy that
is not statesmanlike, that of not letting a bill
stand upon its own merits, but of saying, "I
will not vote for this proposition unless you
vote for mine." That is not statesmanship,
nor is it for the true interests of the country.
The true theory of legislation is to adopt a
proposition upon its merits or to let it fail upon
its demerits. That is all 1 desire to say at
present on this proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I now yield
for five minutes to the gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Syphbr.]
Mr. SYPHBR. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of any possible outlet to the West. I am in
favor likewise of low freights and quick transit.
1 am in favor of every legitimate scheme of in-
ternal improvement, and at the same time I
am in favor of guarding the Treasury of the
Umted States until our national debt shall have
been paid. I regret that gentlemen who are
here upon this floor advocating this measure
have lost sight of the only natural outlet to the
West, They are looking across the country in
a straight line to New York, expecting that by
putting their hands into the national Treasury
they call construct a line which will give them
a safe and quick transit with cheap freights to
the markets of the world. I regret to say that
they have never once cast their eyes southward
and thought of the great Father of Waters,where
their freights will float much cheaper than they
can drag them up hill with locomotives.
The gentleman from Illinois has spoken of
the Michigan and Illinois canal, which should
be opened into the Illinois river, i concur
with the gentleman most heartily. They would
then load their barges with corn and wheat,
and go from this canal into the Illinois
river, and thence into the Mississippi river,
float them to our grain elevators at New
Orleans, and reship their freights there at an
expense of one cent, per bushel and carry
them to Liverpool for three cents per bushel
less than they could carry them from New
York for. I desire to present some statistics
on the subject of freights and time from St.
Louis to New York and Liverpool. From St.
Louis via New Orleans to New York the freight
per bushel is twenty-seven cents, and the time
eighteen days; from the same place via Chicago
and Buffalo to New York the freight is forty-
four cents, and the time thirty-three days;
making a difference in favor ot the route via
New Orleans of seventeen cents per bushel
and fifteen days in time. I think this of itself
is conclusive evidence that the natural outlet
is via the Mississippi river and not via the
lakes and canals of the North, or through a
canal to be constructed at a cost of §12,000,000
out of the national Treasury. The old theory
that grain cannot be shipped through southern
ports in consequence ot the climate is ail ex-
ploded humbug. Mr. Higby, of Milwaukee,
who has been in the grain traffic for over
twenty years over the lakes and canals of tue
North, has removed his elevators to New
Orleans, and has declared, from the experience
of the last year, that he can dry and air gram
and ship it thence to New York and the ports
of Europe without damage and at less cost
than it can be shipped for by any other pos-
sible route. This is conclusive evidence m
favor of the natural outlet, which is the Mis-
sissippi river. If the Government, instead
of appropriating §12,000,000 to construct a
canal through miles of rock, will appropriate
PI,000,000 to keep open the mouth ot the
Mississippi river they will do a work that will
be more beneficial to the who e people of this
cou'itrv That is the natural outlet and the
only one for the West, and they must resort to
toit yet, although they may succeed m gettingan
appropriation for the construction ot this canal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
40th Cong. 3dSess.—No. 26.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Baiines.]
Mr. BARNES. Sir. Speaker, I do not ex-
pect to be able to instruct this House upon the
merits of this bill and the questions involved in
it, after the exhaustive arguments upon both
sides to which we have listened. But I am
unwilling that the great city of New York,
which I have the honor in part to represent,
shall remain silent, upon a subject of this
national importance—a subject in the history
of our internal improvements, in my estima-
tion, second to none which has ever been pro-
posed in thenational Legislature or in the Legis-
lature of any of our States. In the infant days
of this Republic, when values were represented
in a ratio of one to four as compared with
what we now consider them, the Congress of
this nation appropriated $15,000,000 to open
transportation from the northern and western
States, by means of the purchase of Lousiana,
and thus securing the control of the Mississippi
river. We propose now to bring the North
and the West to the doors of the East for the
interchange of our commerce at a saving of
millions upon millions, the amount of which
I will not undertake to estimate, by the ap-
propriation of $12,000,000 to overcome the
great natural obstructions around the Falls
of Niagara.
Lake Ontario presents one hundred and
eighty miles of water front; one portion stretch-
ing along the borders of the State of New
York, and another portion along the borders
of a foreign nation and under the control of a
foreign Legislature. Another one hundred and
fifty miles will carry us down to the commence-
ment of the rapids of the St. Lawrence. All
of this increase of water communication will
be added to the wealth of the country in the
reduced prices at which produce will be brought
from the West and commerce will be carried
from the East. This enterprise is entitled to
the hearty and favorable consideration of the
constituency which I have the honor to repre-
sent, and should not be disapproved by them
from the fear that it will divert commerce from
the port of New York to more northern and
eastern ports. But even if that should be the
effect of this measure, I still would ask of my
constituents and of my colleagues upon this
floor from the State of New Yoik what reason
we have to claim entire control of the export-
ation of western products from the ports of the
East? If the West—and not the West alone,
but all the country—can be enriched by a
saving of from two to five cents per bushel
upon the cereals of the West, does it become
the city of New York, which has been enriched
by western products and the commerce
nations, by national legislation in the way of
appropriations of public money, which we
have received and are now receiving—does it
become us to undertake to deny to this sec-
tion of country this increased opportunity for
the transportatios of its products ?
Sir, the exportation of western cereals to
Europe makes but a small figure in the total
exportations of the United States. It is the
internal commerce of this country which _we
now seek to protect, and the burdens of which
we propose to lessen. And if my honorable
colleague from the Buffalo district [Mr. Hum-
phrey] is fearful that this measure, if carried
into execution, will result in the destruction
of the local interests of the city of Buffalo, i
beg leave to say to him that my greatest objec-
tion to this proposed canal is that it is not wide
enonch and not deep enough and does not
call for the appropriation of money enough to
accommodate all the demands of commerce.
But we hope that it will be deep enough to
enable him to float through it his grain eleva-
tors when they become unprofitable in luscitv.
if they ever do so become, to cities further
east, where they may be made profitable.
it is impossible for us to resist the onwar
gress and demands of our internal commerce
For twenty-five years the great demand ot tin
.rd pro-
West has been to secure communication around
the thirty-three hundred and. thirty-three feet
of natural obstructions at the Falls of Niagara
and in the Niagara river. But the Legislature
of the State of New York has persistently re-
fused to incorporate organizations within our
own limits which might secure the accomplish-
ment, of this important result.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
yield three minutes to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] after which I will yield
two minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Mullixs.]
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I take the
floor to explain my present position in refer-
ence to the subject of a sliip-canal around the
Falls of Niagara.
No man can be more thoroughly impressed
with a sense of the importance of such a work
than myself. No man's constituents have a
deeper interest in such a channel of communi-
cation than my own. I have heretofore intro-
duced and advocated bills for the construction
of such a canal. I am still iu favor of the
project, but I do not deem it sound statesman-
ship to add to the liabilities of the Federal
Government until we have our present national
debt " well in hand," and in a process of liquid-
ation.
Mr. Speaker, we have put down the rebel-
lion, but the fruits of the rebellion are npon
us in the shape of taxes that are grinding our
people betwen "the upper and nether mill-
stones." Whispers of repudiation occasiori-
ully salute our ears, and these whispers will
become whirlwinds if we do not listen to the
dictates of prudence in the assumption of
national liabilities.
1 have been told, and I believe the fact
to be, that the sum of $12,000,000 involved
in this bill is but a "specimen brick " for this
Fortieth Congress. If weassume this liability,
we are to be pushed with claims for Pacific
railroads and other subsidies to the tune of
perhaps $100,000,000, and in the end we shall
incur the risk, if not the reality, of repudia-
tion, which last will endanger our institutions
of government far more than the "great re-
bellion."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now yield
to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mul-
TjINs] for two minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, it is almost
impossible for me, under the pressure of ail
allowance of but two minutes, to say anything
explanatory of the vote which I shall give on
this bill. I would have it distinctly under-
stood that as an individual I have never been
opposed to internal improvements by the Gen-
eral Government when that Government had
physical power to make the improvements.
But I have uniformly opposed the creation of
corporations by the Government and the levy-
ing of a tax upon the people generally that the
corporate body might enrich itself at the ex-
pense of the masses. Ihere is being carried
on by incorporated power a war against the
vital interests of the Republic ; and sooner or
later the Republic will have to bleed, or, rising
in self-defense, shake off the shackles which
are being put upon it by partial legislation.
I cannot vote for this bill. Why? Because
the Governmentto which weowe our allegiance
is to-day overburdened with debt. Ihe body-
politic is depleted; it is running at every pore.
And, sir, the people of the country have not
come here and asked us to appropriate $12,-
000,000 for the purpose of cutting through the
rocks and constructing this ship-canal. I*?®
people understand their own interests, and will
lnak© members of this Hous© und6r8t&u(l them
if we should so far forget those interests as to
squander the public money upon a work of this
kind when the Government is so much encum-
i berod with debt.
i| [Here the hammer fell, j
ii The SPEAKER. The two minutes ot the
jj gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mullins]
li have expired.
