ITS
APPENDIX. TO THE CON(aSESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Medviction of the Army—Mr. Garfield.
40th Cons....3d
they must at least be taken care of, and the
force that takes care of them should form the
military police of our coasts to enforce the col-
lection of revenue, and, if need be, to enforce
the respect of all who approach our shores.
The committee considered the number of
pogts now occupied by the Army, the number
of our fortified works, the number of our coast
guns now in place, and have not thought them-
selves justified in reducing the present force
of artillery.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Did it not
appear before the committee that with the ex-
ception of Fortress Monroe there is not an
artilleryman at a single fort ?
Mr. GARFIELD. It did not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I mean
light artillery.
Mr. GARFIELD. When the gentleman
puts a question about artillery, and after I
have answered it, throws in the word "light,"
it throws a new light on the question, and it is
quite a different thing. The light artillery is
organized for field service, and not for perma-
nent fortifications.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question for information, inasmuch
as I have not given the subject much consider-
ation. I would like the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs [Mr. Garfield] to
inform the House whether in time of peace
there is any necessity for having at each of our
forts enough men to man each gun, as if we
were in a state of war? In other words, is
there any necessity for any more men than may
be required to keep the guns and carriages and
necessary implements in order ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I quite agree with the
fentleman frorn Illinois [Mr. Logan] that we
o not need in time of peace a sufficient force
lo man all our guns, as would be required in
time of war; nor do I hold that it is necessary
even to man all guns that we have. But I
regard it a proper policy for the Government
to occupy and keep in good order such of our
coast defenses as are necessary for the pro-
tection of the coast and which may be vitally
important to us in case of foreign war.
Passing over several points which may prop-
erly be considered when we discuss the de-
tails of the bill, I pass now to the infantry.
In making their recommendations on this sub-
ject the Committee on Military Affairs do not
forget that the Secretary of War and the Gen-
eraHn-Chief of the Army at the opening of this
session were very decided in their recommend-
ations that there be no legislation at present
requiring the redaction of the Army, and that
the condition of our affairs would not allow a
more rapid reduction than was going on by the
expiration of terms of enlistment. Still the
committee, anxious to do everything consist-
ent with safety in the way of the reduction of
expenditures, have proposed in this bill the
cutting down of fifteen infantry regiments by
consolidation, so that instead of forty-five
regiments, as now authorized by law, there
shall hereafter be but thirty. We believe that
the work of restoration of the late rebel States
has so far progressed and the more pacific
prospects of the South under the incoming
Administration will warrant us in making this
measure of reduction in the line of the Army.
The consolidation and ultimate reduction of
the number of officers and enlisted men of
fifteen regiments will result in a reduction of
expenses of about ten million dollars per
annum.
But the Cornmittee on Military Affairs have
raised a question which, in their judgment,
is even more important to the country and the
Army than a specific reduction of numbers;
and that question is whether we cannot in some
departments of the Army make an organic re-
duction so that the work of the Army may bo
performed by a smaller number of officers than
we now employ? Entertaining views on this
subject which we desired to test by the expe-
rience of men who had been long in the ser-
vice, the committee have called before them
during the last three weeks a number of dis-
tinguished officers and examined them, and
have preserved a phonographic report of their
testimony. We called officers of the highest
rank accessible to us, except the General-in-
Chief of the Army -r and officers representing the
various staff departments of the Army. The
results of our investigation will be shortly laid
before the House for its information; and I
desire to say here that I know of no documents
relating to the Army and the various parts of
its oi-ganization so valuable as this testimony.
By these examinations the committee have
reached some conclusions which I desire to
state.
We have found that during the late war, and
indeed for many years, there has been a tend-
ency in the Army—a natural one, perhaps—
to aggregate force here in Washington. There
has been a tendency to build up separate staff
departments distinct from the rest of the Army,
and to increase the number and rank of the
officers in each department; and we observe
generally that the inerease in numbers has been
toward the head rather than toward the foot
of the organization. The development of the
Army during the last forty years has been in
the direction of multiplying bureaus, and in-
creasing the number and rank of officers in
each.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What new
military bureaus have been created?
Mr. GARFIELD. Several of the staff de-
partments were created in 1818. The Bureau
of Military Justice was created since the war
began, and the inspectors have been separated
from the Adjutant General's department more
than they were before.
We found on examination that our staff
corps differed widely from that of the leading
armies of the world. In the French army, for
instance—probably the most perfectly organ-
ized in the world—there is one great, staff organ-
ization that supplies the army with adjutant
generals, inspectors, aides-de-camp, and other
like officers ; and another charged with the
supply of the army. Thus the duties of one staff
corps related to the personnel, the other to the
materiel of the army. Yet we have now in our
army not less than ten distinct staff organiza-
tions, with a constant tendency to increase in
numbers and rank. Before the war only one
officer in all the staff corps held the rank of
brigadier general; now there are at the head
of these corps nine brigadier generals, besides
a chief of staff of the Army of the same rank.
The ehief surgeon of the Army has become a
brigadier general; the chief paymaster, the
Adjutant General, the Judge Advocate, the
chief commisary, the chief of ordnance and
of engineers have all become brigadier gen-
erals. We have now nineteen brigadier gen-
erals in the Army, as authorized by lav/. The
committee inquired how far we might go in
consolidating and reducing these staff organ-
izations without diminishing the efficiency of
the service.
Our attention was particularly directed to
the departments which furnish supplies ; par-
ticularly the quartermaster, commissary, and
pay departments. There appears to be no
natural division between the duties of these
departments, and we saw no reason in the
nature of the case why one man should buy
oats and another man belonging to another
department should buy flour. We saw no
particular reason why there should be one de-
partment for clothing the Army and another
for feeding the Army.
We found, what was of more consequence,
that these departments conflict in many prac-
tical points in such a way as to increase the ex-
penditure unnecessarily. In the first place, the
commissary department purchases all the sup-
plies that make up the rations of the Army.
An officer is stationed in New York, for ex-
ample, as purchasing Commissary. He buys
the rations, but the moment he has purchased
them, they pass out of his hands, andthequar-
master's department becomes responsible foa?
their transportation to the distant points where
the Army may be stationed, when they are
taken by an officer detailed from the line and
distributed to the troops. This officer per-
forms at the same time the duties of commis-
sary and quartermaster. The work begins
with the commissary department, is trans-
ferred to the quartermaster's department, and
finally ends with the commissary department,
where the rations are issued. When they reach
the troops we find the two departments united
in one, yet the accounts are kept distinct. The
same officer issues rations and clothing and
other supplies, keeps one clerk to make oat
quartermaster's papers to go up to Wash-
ington to the head of that department, and
usually at the same time keeps another clerk
and another set of books and sends another set
of papers through another channel to the head
of the commissary department in Washington.
Now, it is the natural and laudable desire of
an honest commissary to cut down the expenses
and disbursements of money in his department
to the lowest point possible. He will there-
fore incline to buy where he can buy cheapest;
but when the quartermaster transports these
supplies to the troops the total cost may be
far more than if they had been bought nearer
the place of consumption, where they would
cost a little more but would require less trans-
portation. Now, if these two departments
were united, purchasing officers, being respcm-
sible also for the transportation, would make
purchases with a view to economy not only in
the purchase but in the transportation also.
Again, I call attention to the pay depart-
ment. As now organized I have no doubt that
our funds are disbursed with as much safety
and honesty as those of any country in the
world. But consider how the work is done.
The country is divided into pay districts, with
headquarters in each, at which a force of pay-
masters is stationed. When troops are to be
paid at a distant post, a paymaster starts from,
hisheadquarterswithaboxofmoney. The quar-
termaster's department furnishes him trans-
portation, and the commander of the troops
gives him a military escort to the place where
the payment is to be made. He must be thus
escorted from post to post, and finally be
escorted and transported back to his headquar-
ters with his surplus funds, if he have any. As
the practice is to pay the troops once in two
months, this operation must be repeated six
times a year with all its cost of mileage and
escort, while at the same time, in all these
pay districts, there is a complete organization of
commissaries and another complete and sepa-
rate organization of quartermasters, charged
with the disbursementof public money and the
custody of public property.
If the duty of paying the troops were placed
in the hands of these officers, the cost of trans-
port and export would be avoided, and the offi-
cers, being always on duty with the troops,
could make the payment much more promptly
and regularly than it is now done.
It is in evidence before the committee that
many of the troops at distant posts are paid
but once in six months, and in some instances
not so often. It also appears that at all these
posts an officer detailed from the line per-
forms both the duty of commissary and quar-
termaster ; and if, as we propose in the pend-
ing amendment, this officer should be required
to give bonds, as now required of disbursing
officers in the quartermaster's department, they
can pay the troops in addition to their duties
without any additional cost to the Government.
Considering, therefore, the nature of the duties
of these three departments, that they are in.
many respects duplicates of each other, and
considering also the fact that in some other
countries all these functions are performed by
