1354:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February .18,
gress to abolish this great abuse of fac simile
stamps ; and that is all that the present bill
does. I had hoped that there would be no
opposition to it, and that that far we might
all go.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to say that I do
not wish to be understood as expressing any
opinion as to whether or not the franking priv-
ilege ought to be abolished. It is a subject
that I have not examined. If it can be made
to appear that it will save more money to the
Government to provide members of Congress
with a fund out of which to pay their postage
rather than to have this privilege, I am very
willing to go for that. I simply made the in-
quiry for the purpose of information. _As to
this proposition, I am ready to vote for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; that is all we
have to present now. I presume 110 one will
oppose it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think myself we had
better take what we can get; and I was in
hopes there would be no necessity to amend
the House bill, for I fear that if we send it back
to the House amended at this stage of the ses-
sion we shall get nothing.
Mr. RAMSEY. The honorable Senator from
Illinois will observe that it so happens that in
the Second Auditor's office the signature of
the chief officer of that bureau is required some
eighteen hundred or two thousand times a day.
It is utterly impossible for that officer, paying
due regard to the other duties that he is called
upon to perform, to frank that many communi-
cations daily. The same is true, probably, of
some of the other Departments. Wo have not
full information on the subject at this time,
and yet at. the same time we do not feel justi-
fied in rejecting the House bill. This is a bill
that comes to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I think we ought to accept it.
Mr. CONKLING. How easy it would be
in that case to use stamped envelopes; how
easy it would be to use eighteen hundred of
them at once, if it was necessary, and what
would be the expense involved? Simply the
mechanical execution of the stamps. To be
sure the Government would furnish the stamps,
and the Government would use them. I admit
it would be taking it out of one pockct and
putting it in another; but what would be the
objection to it? None whatever, except the
waste of manual labor, in the factory where it
was done, of making the application of the
three cent stamps to these particular envelopes.
Now, Mr. President, while I am np I wish
to make one suggestion, and only one. For
ton years, nearly eleven years, I have heard
in Congress substantially what the honorable
Senator says now, that this was an excellent
reform for some future day; bnt it was incon-
venient and impracticable for the present. I
do not know how many times that statement
has been made here, that it was a good thing
if it could only bo kept for the golden promise
of some Bhadowy by and by. Perhaps we
cannot do the whole thing- at once; but we
certainly can abolish the franking privilege as
to the members of both Houses ot' Congress.
That is very simple. Then if it is necessary
at this session, or the next, to make an allow-
ance for postage, as an allowance is made for
stationery, we certainly can do that. If it is
necessary to adopt the mode practiced in the
Army, here is a statute already on the books
which can simply be transcribed for that
purpose and passed, and made applicable to
members of Congress. That is all that is
required.
One other remark. The honorable Senator
from Oregon says he would like to have me
state how anything is to be saved in this mode.
I will not stop to state all the ways; but I wish
to make to him two suggestions. In the first
place, there is the abuse which the honorable
•Senator from Illinois talked of. It is not as
great as it was when a member of the British
Parliament franked a pack of hounds and sent
thorn by mail. It does not go to an extent so
ludicrous as that; but almost. I have in mind
now a member of this body formerly, whom I
will not mention, from whom I receive letters
to this day, although he has not been here for
two years, containing his frank upon the en-
velope, never written by him, but written some-
times by one person and sometimes by another—
a very easy frank to counterfeit. So many
were written and accumulated before his term
expired that tliey could not be used, and the
frank is simply erased now and sent with or
without a stamp to save the envelope upon
which it originally was put. I have seen a
great many of them, and other Senators have
seen so many of them that they will understand
without my mentioning it the case I have in
view.
Now, sir, all that is to be broken up by
abolishing the franking privilege ; but some-
thing a great deal more important than that in
expense is to be broken up, I will say to the
honorable Senator from Oregon. We are to
stop publishing books which are never read,
and sending over the country seeds that never
come up. Those two things at least we should
do. The whole business, which swells to mil-
lions, of book making would be reduced within
moderate dimensions, and the business of
franking seeds and everything else, profitable
and unprofitable, which has been carried on
to such an extent would also cease. Without
going further, when you add together the saving
from these two sources alone, I think it will
sufficiently answer the question of the honor-
able Senator from Oregon.
Now, Mr. President, I hope we shall be per-
mitted this evening, when presently the Cham-
ber is fuller, to vote simply on the proposi-
tion, if the honorable Senator from Minnesota
deems it not now practicable, to abolish the
franking privilege as to the members of the
two Houses of Congress. That can entail upon
us no necessity except to provide hereafter for
a stipulated allowance, or an allowance to be
audited as postage to the members. I do not
see how there is any difficulty as to the Depart-
ments. Let them use stamped envelopes, and
then there will be no necessity for a fac simile
stamp or a penas the agency to transmit docu-
ments or communications through the mails.
But at all events letus do so much as obviously
we can do with impunity.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 agree very much with
what the Senator from New York has said.
Certainly the members of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, of whom I have
the honor to be one, are perfectly willing to
abolish the franking privilege, if it can be
called a privilege, so far as it relates to the
members of Congress. The difficulty we have
had to contend with is in providing for the
Departments, and we have heard very many
officers before the committee on that subject.
It is very easy for the Senator from New York
to say you can use stamped envelopes; you can
stop publishing books; you can stop issuing
seeds. That is easily said in the Senate; but
when the Senator undertakes to stop those
things in this body he will find how difficult
the task is. I do not know that these books
are unread. I supposed they were read.
Mr. CONKLING. Some of them are.
Mr. POMEROY. In the section of country
from which I come they arc sought after. I
presume in the older States, where libraries
multiply and where books fall everywhere like
the leaves of autumn, they are not as anxiously
sought for.
But I desire to remind the Senate that the
expense of the transportation of the mails
would not be lessened one dollar if the books
and seeds of which the Senator complains
were not sent. We send all this accumulated
matter over onr lines of railroad, and pay them,
on an average, $200 a mile for carrying every-
thing. We pay $200 a mile for the length of
the road, for the year, on an average. Some
roads get $250, and some $175 ; butit averages
about two hundred dollars a mile. You can-
not get a contract with a railroad company to
carry it for ou6 cent less, if your mail con-
tained nothing but letters. They will charge
this Government so much a mile for every car
they run ; I do not care what is in it, nor do
they care much. The heavy mail from here to
New York might possibly be cairied over the
road a little cheaper if there was nothing but
letters to carry; but I rather doubt that. They
have got to run one car at least, and they will
charge no more if it is full than if it simply
contains letters. The great expense is the
transportation ; and the great bulk of that is
now done by railroad in this country. I am
not speaking nowof ocean transportation. The
great bulk of it has been on cars, by the rail-
roads. It is not done by the pound, nor by
the sack. It matters not how much weight, or
how many sacks, or how many pounds you
have; they charge so much for the year per
mile, and take everything. Senators may think
that they_ would have almost nothing to pay
if the mails were confined to letters; but, upon
an investigation, I think it will be evident to
every one that this great expense would not be
lessened.
But there is an abuse that can be measurably
stopped, not entirely. You will never stop
abuses as long as men are not honest. But
this abuse that has grown up of using a stamp
is an infamous thing, I think. In the first
place, I do not think it was ever authorized by
law; I do not believe it was ever intended that
any member of Congress or Senator should use
a stamp to make his own autograph with. This
bill is a good thing so far as it proposes to abol-
ish that; and, in fact, that is all it does do.
Make this bill a law, and it will accomplish
that, and nothing else. The Committee 011
Post Offices and Post Roads thought that the
Senate, at least, would be united on that. We
knew they would not be united on the question
of stopping the publishing of books and the
sending of seeds and franking generally; but
we thought that certainly, without opposition
and without a word of objection, the Senate
would agree to abolish the use of stamps as
fac similes of persons' names. That is all
there is in this bill if it is passed as it is now
before us.
Mr. CONKLING. If we can agree to do
that and to do something more it would not do
any harm.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that. I will vote with the Senator from New
York to abolish the franking privilege, so far
as it relates to members of Congress, at any
moment. I do not knowbutthat the men who
go out of the Senate, and who have the frank-
ing privilege for six months afterward, may
claim some vested rights under the existing
law that we cannot deprive them of.
Mr. WHYTE. I will vote for it, for one.
Mr. CONKLING. They can fight that out.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course they can. But
it is no privilege to a member of Congress ot-
to a Senator to frank. It is a burden ; it is a
task ; it is a weight upon him; and I do not
think there is a member of Congress who would
not pray God for deliverance if his prayer could
be answered.
Mr. THAYER. From what?
Mr. POMEROY. From the immense amount
of franking he has to do—sitting down and
writing his own name hour after hour. If it is
interesting to other Senators it is devoid of
all interest to me. My name is neither beauti-
ful nor pleasant to write hour after hour.
Mr. TIIAYER. You do not propose to dis-
pense with the writing now.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not expect to dis-
pense with writing my letters ; but I do expect
to dispense with writing my name simply upou
books, documents, speeches, papers, and the
innumerable things that we have to frank day
by day. Now, Mr. President, I hope this bill
will be passed, so as to abolish the use of
stamps as facsimiles; and then if the Senator
from New York will bring in a bill to abolish
the franking privilege as applied to members
of Congress he will get my support.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
