402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. MULLINS. Oh, I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] is not going
to stop me now. I am just getting into the
crust of the subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBfJKNE, of Illinois. What the
gentleman has said has been so well said that
it is unnecessary for him to say anything more.
Mr. MOLLINS. Oh, I will saythe balance
still better. I never flash in the pan. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield
two minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Chastlee.]
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise merely
to explain the vote which I shall give on this
subject, which will be cast in accordance with
what I believe to be the will of the people of
the city of New York, whom I represent in
part upon this floor. I should not, however,
have spoken on the question had not my col-
leaguefrom theBrooklyn district [Mr. Barnes]
assumed to speak for my constituency. The
building of this canal would undoubtedly con-
duce to the advantage of the city of New York.
I recognize the fact that it would tend to ad-
vance the commercial interests of the people
of that city. But we do not wish, in contra-
vention of the authoritative acts of the sover-
eignty of onr State, to burden the people of
the whole Union for the advancement of any
scheme, however advantageous to us it may be.
We hold that the interests of the great West,
rightly considered, are our interests and the
interests of the Pacific coast. We hold that in
due time these common interests will be devel-
oped ;• that the system of internal improve-
ments of which the State of New York has
given the example, will be imitated in other
States. The Mississippi river and the Pacific
coast are at the command of the West.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
yield to my colleague from the Peoria district,
[Mr. Ixgersoll.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to offer an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman fiom
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] yield to allow an
amendment to be offered?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Y"es, sir.
Mr. INGERSOLL. ' I move to amend by
adding the following as a new section :
And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose of
extending the advantages of improved water com-
munication to thy Mississippi river, improving tho
military defenses of tho country, nnd promoting the
general welfa.ro, the sum of $3,000,000 of tho whole
sum by this act appropriated shall be devoted to,
and expended in, deepening, widening, and improv-
ing tue Illinois and Michigan canal, said money to
be expended under tho direction of the Secretary of
War, subject to tho conditions and limitations here-
mbelore prescribed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiibukneyield to allow his
colleague [Mr. Ingbksoll] to debate this
amendment ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir,
I yield to him, reserving just enough of my time
to enable me to move the reference of the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
£.'ie sfEAKER. The gentleman has just
hall a minute remaining.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
then, that this bill be referred to the Commit-
tee ot the Whole on the state of the Union ;
and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, is it in order
to move to^lay the bill on the table?
Ihe SPEAKER. That motion is in order,
,rwi^ldrta!5? P«ority of the motion to refer.
Mr. DELANO. I move, then, that the bill
be laid on the table. ;
Mr. ,1 Li DD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yi-as and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. What will be the next
step, supposing this motion does not prevail?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay upon
the table does not prevail Ihe next question
will be on seconding the demand for tho pre-
vious question on the motion to refer.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 84, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bailey, Baldwin, Boatty. Beck,
Benton, Bingham, Boles, Boyden, Buyer, Brooks,
Broomall, Buckland, Cary, Clianler, Covode, Delano,
331a, Ferriss, Fox, G-etz, Cxolladay, Griswold, Grover,
Haight, Halsey, Ifawkins, Hill, Holman, Chester D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, K.elley, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Kuontz,
Lash, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, McCullough,
Mercur, Moore, Morreli, Mullins, Newcoinb, Nichol-
son, Polsiey, Randall, Scofield, Shcilabargcr, Sit-
greaves. Spalding, Starkweather, Stover, Sypher.
Taber, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Tift, Trowbridge, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Ward, 13Iihu B. Washburne,
Welkcr, Thomas Williams, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arneil, Axtell, Baker,
Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell,
Broinwcll, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Churchill, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley,
Cornell, Cullorn, Dawes, Deweese, Dodge, Driggs,
Eekley, Eldridge, ThomasD.Eliot,James T.Elliott,
Farnsworth, Fields French, Garfield, Goss, Gove,
Gravely, Harding, Heaton, Iligby, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alex-
ander II, Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Lincoln, Log^n,
Loughridge, JVIallory, Maynard, MeKee, Miller,
Mungen, Newsliam, Norris, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pierce, Poland, Price, Prince, Raum, Roots, Ros3,
Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Stevens, Stokes, John
Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Yidal,
Henry D. Washburn, William B.Washburn, Whitte-
morft, James F. Wilson, Windom, and Young—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Delos ft. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Barnum,
Benjamin, Blackburn, Bowen, Burr, Cake, Callis,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Ciarke, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Donnelly, Edwards, Eggleston, Ferry, Gloss-
brenner, Hamilton, Haughey, Hopkins, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lallin, Loan,
Lynch, Moorhead, Morrissey,Myers,Nibiack,Nunn,
O'-Neill, Orth, Pettis, Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Selye,Smith,
Stewart, Stone, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Aernam,
llobcrt T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—61.
So the House refused to Jay the bill and
amendments on the table.
Daring the vote,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that he was paired
with Mr. Laflin.
Mr. BARNES stated that his colleague [Mr.
Robinson] was detained- from the House by
sickness.
Mr. WARD said: Mr. Speaker, several of
my colleagues are absent on account of import-
ant business. [Laughter.]
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, although I re-
ported this bill, and am entitled under the rules
to an hoar for the purpose of closing this de-
bate, I shall occupy the attention of the House
bu/ for a very few moments.
recognize as strongly as any gentleman
uponthis floor the necessity of absolute econ-
omy in the expenditures of the Government
and the necessity of refusing all demands upon
the Treasury not absolutely essential to the
welfare of the people; but I believe this spirit
of economy may be carried so far as to defeat
its own objects and ends. I remember that in
Illinois, when we were burdened with a debt
so large that it seemed almost impossible that
it could ever be paid, and when a large party
in the State was in favor of repudiating it upon
the ground that it was beyond the ability of
the people to pay it, the first step we took in
order to relieve ourselves of that incubus was
to incur a debt of $1,000,000 for the comple-
tion of the Illinois and Michigan canal. The
completion of tlat work and the incurring of
that debt made it certain that the debt of the
State would be paid and not repudiated.
And, sir, in relation to the work proposed in
this bill this suggestion occurs to me with great
force : the great agricultural region of the
W est is burdened with excessive toll demanded
for the transportation of its produce to the
markets of the East. This tax is burdensome
and oppressive. Those products of the West,
seeking outlet to the sea-board, find obstruction
at Buflalo. The capacity of tho Erie canal is
not sufficient to afford &n outlet. Fhe tolls from
Buffalo to New York are so great as to impose
burdens grievous to be borne upon the pro-
ducers of the western States, and that is an im-
position upon them far heavier than the national
taxes. It is a burden which is oppressing the
industry of the West more than any other. If
we had proper facilities for transporting our
commodities from the West to the sea-board it
would very largely increase the ability of our
people to bear the burdens imposed upon them
by the existing financial condition of the coun-
try. We are subjected now to the expense of
handling all the products of the West at Buffalo
for the sake of getting an eastern outlet. We
are subjected to that outlay incident to the fact
that there are not sufficient means of transport-
ation from Buffalo to the sea-board. The very
crowded state of the Erie canal, the fact that
move produce is offered for transportation than
the capacity of the canal will accommodate,
enhances the price of freights to the sea-board,
and thus imposes a burden upon the products
of the West which is very hard to be borne. It
is true that the different channels of communi-
cation from Chicago eastward are so overborne
that the price of freights is regulated and fixed
by the dearest route of all. A larger amount
of produce being offered than all the lines of
transportation can accommodate, owing to the
obstruction which the water carriage meets at
Buffalo, the result is that the longest line of
railroad has fixed the rate of freight for all the
different lines from Chicago to the sea-board.
The Pittsburg, Port Wayne and Chicago, and
the Pennsylvania railroad have fixed the price
of freight on every route eastward.
I call attention to that as illustrating the fact
of the heavy burden that is borne by the pro-
ducers of the West. The future prosperity of
the country demands that this outlet should
be made. It is a part of a system of improve-
ment that has already been entered upon by
the Government. There is no reason that oc-
curs to my mind why this improvement should
not be made which does not apply with equal
force to the improvement of the navigation of
the lake and river St. Clair. For many years
this Government has expended money tor the
purpose ot facilitating the water communica-
tion between the East and West,-by deepening
the channel and improving the navigation of
that lake and river. Every constitutional ob-
jection which may be urged against this meas-
ure can be brought against that; and yet the
settled policy of the Government has been to
aid in removing the obstructions to navigation
at that point.
There is no analogy between granting aid to
a work of this kind, improving a natural water
communication, and granting aid to a great line
of railroad from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean. That analogy has been attempted
to be drawn to-day, but there is no such anal-
ogy. This bill does not propose to incorporate
a company that is to come and ask for subsidies
and grants. Accurate surveys have been made
by officers of the Government, the cost of the
work is well ascertained and understood, the
amount necessary to complete it is before the
House and is vouched for by the official charac-
ter of gentlemen who have made the surveys,
and who have no interest in the matter other-
wise than to give us correct information on the
subject. I am well satisfied that there is no
measure which would add so greatly to the pros-
perity of the country as the construction of
this work, affording, as it will, an uninterrupted,
cheap, and easy water communication between
the Last and West, and a great market for the
surplus products of th# agricultural States of
the West. I_am sure that if this market could
be obtained, if this burden could be raised from
the agriculture of the great West, it would add
to the prosperity of that section more than any
other single measure would do, thus enabling
the people the more readily to meet the de-
mands upon them for the support of the
Government.
_ But, sir, I do not intend to discuss this ques-
tion at length, and I have 110 right to consume
