1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
boy, some clerk, use a stamp there is no con-
science involved it.
Mr. HOWE. You make it a criminal offense
to do it 
Mr. RAMSEY. Who would ever prosecute?
How are you to arrest the party?
Mr. HOWE. It is the want of conscience,
then, in the Government, and not in the mem-
ber of Congress. It is not the want of coil-
sciencein the member of Congress that troubles
you ; it is the want of conscience in the Gov-
ernment to prosecute, to enforce your law.
While you lack that conscience you need not
trouble yourselves about making extra laws.
You have laws enough upon your statute-book.
If laws could make an honest people you are
already one ; and you would have k more hon-
est people if yon had courage enough to enforce
your laws. I do not believe in this method of
making an honest people by making new stat-
utes every now and then and allowing them to
remain dead letters.
Mr. RAMSEY. Members of Congress and
certain other officers of the Government liaVo
the franking privilege, but in no statute, in no
law of this country has the privilege been con-
ferred tipon them of executing a fae simile
stamp and using it promiscuously, and leading
their clerks, their friends, and their neighbors
to use it. as is the case now. It is to correct
that abuse that this bill was brought in. It is-
to correct that abuse that this bill has passed
the House of Representatives. If the Senate
have any delicacy about adopting the amend-
ments, let them take the bill of the House of
Representatives just as it has been received.
For myself I must confess that I prefer it in
the form in which it came from the House.
Now, sir, in the Post Office Department
there are bushels and bushels of specimens of
circulars of this kind; lottery circulars, notices
of meetings of railroad companies, and a thou-
sand otlior business matters on which this stamp
lias been used, the stamp of one member of
Congress and the stamp of another member of
Congress. In the face of all this abuse, with
a knowledge of it, with the attention of Con-
gress called to it from time to time by the Post-
master General, it would be a scandal if we
•should refuse to pass some bill of this descrip-
tion. It is^ true that the honorable Senator
from Now York, pursuing the method by which
every reform and every improvement of this
kind has been defeated, asks for something
more. He says this bill does not go far enough ;
bo wants something gbing far beyond this. 1
auk the Senate to go as far as this goes for the
present, and at some future time go to tho
abolition of the franking privilege entirely.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 agree with what the
Senator from Illinois says, that if wo pass this
bill as it came from the House wo shall gel, a
law. ^ If we amend it I have no expectation
that it will become a law at this session. I
drew these amendments myself because the
heads of the Departments insisted upon them ;
but r care personally nothing about them; and
if the Senate will provide in any other way for
those heads of Departments I am willing to vote
for the bill just as it came from the House of
Representatives. _ That is tho only way to get
a law on this subject at this session.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask what
amount of time it will probably take the head
of one of the Departments to frank all the let-
ters that go from his office in the course of a-
day? If any gentleman is sufficiently aware
of the whole number of letters which go from
the Treasury Department, for instance, under
the frank of the Secretary of the Treasury, or
from the Internal Revenue Bureau under the
frank of the Commissioner, I should like to
know. What portion of the Commissioner's*
or Secretary's time would it take to write his
own proper signature on the letters that are
sent, from that office?
Mr. POME ROY. It would take just about
two days if he did nothing else but write his
signature on the communications that are sent
evciv day. lie cannot write over eight hun-
dred or a thousand a day.
Mr. GRIMES. That is a mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can frank six hundred
in an hour myself, as long as my name is.
Mr. POMEROY. But here is the head of a
Department, who has got to discharge the duties
of the Department in the first place ; and he
cannot do it if nobody ean write his name but
himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorfrom Kan-
sas will allow me to say that not only the Sec-
retary of the Treasury but the heads of nearly
all the bureaus frank.
Mr. POMEROY. I mean the heads of
bureaus. Take the Second Auditor for instance,
with whose office I have more business than any-
where else. From thirteen to eighteen hundred
letters a day is the average by the year in his
office. Write those, if you can, and do the busi-
ness of an executive officer at the same time.
No person ean do it; it is impossible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can provide for that
afterward.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to provide
for it afterward ; but to require him to do that
without providing for it afterward would be a
monstrous cruelty.
Mr. RAMSEY. The committee will agree
to the rejection of their amendments, taking
the House bill as it stands.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendments reported
by the committee.
The amendments wer§ rejected.
Mr. COCKLING, The honorable Senator
from Illinois and other Senators think it is
better to take the bill as it is than to run tho
risk of loading it with an amendment such as
I proposed. There is great force in that, I have
no doubt. Therefore I refrain from offering
my amendment. But I wish to say that tho
amendment I proposed is a bill in itself; and
when this bill is disposed of—this evening
being devoted to business of this kind—as soon
as I can got the floor I shall move to take up
that bill and see whether we can put it upon
its passage. That will embarrass nothing else:
and let us have one square vote in the Senate
on abolishing the franking privilege, at least
in part.
Mr. RAMSEY. We shall all agree to that.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ABOLITION OF FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of the bill which I have
sent to the Chair.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the honorable
Senator that the committee have reported a
bill on the subject which is now before the Sen-
ate. His bill is not properly before the Senate.
It is offered as an amendment to another bill.
Mr. OONKLING. Is it for the same pur-
pose ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir; it is Senate hill
No. 657, which I ask the Clerk to read for the
information of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall be very glad of
that.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 657) to abolish the
franking privilege. It provides that from and
after the 1st day of July, 1869, all matter trans-
ported in the mails of the United Slates shall
bfe subject to the rates of postage then estab-
lished by law.
Mr. CONKLING. I move my proposition
as a substitute, and Senators will observe my
reason in doing it. It is said now that there is
great embarrassment about the Departments.
I have my opinion about that; but it is a sub-
ject which we do not understand as well as we
do tho thing in its relations to us. Let us
therefore vote once squarely on the proposition
of relinquishing the franking privilege our-
selves, aad have the member's of the liouse do
likewise. I offer as a substitute my proposi-
tion, which is to Strike Out all after the enact-
ing clause and to insert what the Secretary will
be good enough to read.
The Chief Clerk read the matter to be in-
serted, as follows:
That all acts and parts of acts conferring tho frank-
ing privilege upon members of the Senate and House
of Representatives be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, let us have a vote
on that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall vote
for this bill; but I should very much prefer to
see a matured plan that will be likely to stand.
Now, I predict what will be the result: that
we shall show a great amount of virtue to-night
in abolishing the franking privilege, and then
before we adjourn the present session we shall
make greater compensation in money, or some
funds, than the whole cost of postage will bo.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to tho honorable
Senator that in the Post Office appropriation
bill, which will probably pass through both
Houses within a few days, ample provision may
be made for whatever this law may require; as,
for instance, stamps may be issued to the exec-
utive officers and probably to members of Con-
gress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is pre-
cisely what I predicted.
Mr. RAMSEY. But there is some limit,
some end to that.
Mr. CONKLING. I have seen a greater
number of men than have appeared here this
evening ready always to abolish the franking
privilege any time, but this " We cannot do it
now, but any other time wo will be for it," is
the usual statement.
Mr. HOWE. "With a matured plan."
r Mr. CONKLING. '' With a matured plan.''
Now, whenever a proposition is made to appro-
priate large sums of money, which rise now
before the vision of my economical friend from
Vermont, ho will be here to arrest such an act
as that; and I shall endeavor to be at a respect-
ful distance, but near him, to aid him in its
arrest. There is no such proposition now,
Mr. President; and let us see who the men
are who, although they cannot enlist in this
war, have filed a written pledge to shoulder the
musket in the next war. [Laughter.] There
was such a man as that in the State in which
I live during the war of the rebellion. He had
reasons which prevented him from going into
that war, but he lodged with the Secretary of
State a written promise that when the next war
took place he would shoulder his musket. So
my honorable friend has recorded a row that
when the next opportunity to abolish the frank-
ing privilege arises he is to be in the front
ranks; he will be found by the flash of the
guns in that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ifthegentle-
man alludes to me, I have made no such speech.
1 distinctly said I would vote for this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I thought the Senator
said he would prefer to defer the matter until
we could have a matured plan.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I
said I would much prefer to vote for a matured
plan than to vote for one that is just thrown
upon us on the spur of the moment and that
is sure in the end to lead to extravagance.
Whatever I do in the way of economy, I am
in favor of doing it so that it will not be undone
the next day.
Mi-. CONKLTNG. If this privilege is cut
up, root and branch, that will be a hard thing
to undo the next day. Now, sir, this is a very
short horse and soon curried-. It is, in a few
words, to just wipe out the privilege, as it is
miscalled, to send mail matter free. 1 do not
see how it is necessary to mature anything or
how anything ean be immature which does
simply that and nothing more; and by doing
this wc gel into nothing exccpt, the thing i(self*.
I hope the gentlemen who are sincerely against
