1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4B5
tion of freight because that canal joins the
E rie canal at Syracuse, and therefore argues that
tlie Brie canal, which for half of its distance
is common to both, is the measure of facility
furnished, and that nothing is gained whether
produce enters the Brie canal at Buffalo or at
Syracuse. But it should be remembered that
the great volume of western produce is moved,
in fact, during two or three months in the year,
and that at that time the charges for elevating,
storing, discharging, and other charges incident
to transportation, as well as freight, are greatly
increased, and that it would be for the great
advantage of commerce to have an equal com-
petition between rival ports to control this
increase. It should also be remembered that
during this same period of enlarged freight
movementthe canals become clogged, and great
detention, loss and expense is entailed thereby
upon shippers. But as Syracuse is one hun-
dred and eighty-six miles, or considerably more
than half way, from Buffalo to Albany, it will
be seen that more than one half of this deten-
tion and loss will be saved by the use of the
Oswego route.
But my colleague from the Erie district, in
answering the question, where would this prop-
erty go to if once afloat on Lake Ontario ?
omitted all mention of the railroads of the State
of New York. When we remember that the
entire freight movement of all the railroads of
the State of New York for the year 1867 was
more than ten million tons, or twice that of all
the canals of the State, it will be seen that this
is too important an omission to be overlooked.
The great centers toward which the produce
of the West, moving upon the lakes, tend, and
from which it is distributed to consumers
through the country or carried to its foreign mar-
feet, are Baltimore, Philadelphia. New York,
Boston, and Portland. An examination will
show that each of these ports are nearer to
ports upon Lake Ontario or the river St. Law-
rence by rail than to Buffalo, (which isselected
for the comparison as the port upon Lake Eric
most favorable of the Lake Brie routes,) and
that, too, by distances which will more thansave
in cost of railroad transportation what is lost
in the increased distance by water.
Prom Baltimore to Buffalo, by rail, is 416
miles; from Baltimore to Charlotte, on Lake
Ontario, is 331 miles, or a saving of 55 miles
by rail. From Philadelphia to Buffalo is 441
miles; from Philadelphia to Charlotte is 386
miles; from Philadelphia to Oswego_ is 330
miles, or a saving in the one case of 55 miles,
and in the other 111 miles, by rail. From
New York to Buffalo is 42'S miles ; from New
York to Charlotte is 386 miles, a saving of
37 miles. From New York to Oswego, by
the Brie, is 343 miles; from New York to
Oswego, by the Delaware, Lackawami, and
Western, is 320 miles; from New York to Os-
wego, by the Central and Syracuse, is 327
miles ; from New York to Oswego, by the
Central and Home, is 324 miles, or a saying of
80 miles by the longest, and of 103 miles by
the shortest of these routes. From New York
to Cape Vincent is 356 miles, or a saving of
07 miles, as compared with Buffalo.
The distance from Boston to Buffalo is 500
miles ; from Boston to Oswego is, by Rome, 381
miles, and by Syracuse 389 miles, or a saving
in the one case of 111 and in the other of 119
miles. The distance from Boston to Ogdens-
burg is 416 miles, or 84 miles less than by Buf-
falo. The distance from Portland to Montreal
is 297 miles, or more than 200 miles nearer
than to Bnffalo. . .
These distances are taken upon existing con-
tinuous routes by rail between the points
named. Thev are, many of them, not yet
combined and" organized for freight transport-
ation between those points, and with the prac-
tical exclusion of the trade of the West frorn.
Lake Ontario they have no inducement foi such
combination. In addition to these routes, the
Southern Central railroad, terminating at Lit-
tle Sodus, upon Lake Ontario, is rapidly being
pushed forward to completion, and will fur-
nish Philadelphia with the best and most ac-
cessible lake port, and Pennsylvania with the
best outlet upon the lakes for her coal, and
that, too, upon a harbor not surpassed upon
the whole line of the lakes.
The New York and Oswego Midland rail-
road, which is also under most efficient manage-
ment, being pressed forward to completion, will
give a connection between Lake Ontario and
New York forty miles shorter than any existing
route. The Oswego and Rondout road, being
builtunder the energetic presidency of a mem-
ber of this House, will furnish, when completed,
the very shortest communication between Lake
Ontario and the deep water of the Hudson.
The effect of the competition of all these roads
and routes on even terms with the New York
Central and Erie railroads and the Brie canal,
for the trade of the West, I need not explain
to this House. They know what that effect
would be, and know that it would revolution-
ize that trade, and by regulating and cheapen-
ing transportation would confer benefits which
we cannot compute upon both the East and the
West. I will not longer detain the House.
He is said to be a real benefactor of his race
who makes two blades of grass grow whore but
one grew before. But he is equally, and far
more widely a benefactor, who by wise legis-
lation brings closer together the producer and
the consumer, and gives cheap bread to the
one at the same time that he secures a more
ample remuneration for his labor to the other.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. At the
close of my remarks yesterday I intended to
have offered an amendment to the bill, in the
nature of a substitute for the third section, ft
escaped my attention at the time, but I desire
now to ask consent to present the amendment
and to have it pending. I will state that it
embraces in it all of the third section as it
stands in the bill with an addition. I hope
there will be no objection.
There was no objection; and the following
amendment in the nature of a substitute for
the third section of the hill was received:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That tlio President
shall cause to be made, by thoinostskillful engineers
of the Army, such examinations and surveys as he
may deem to bo nccessary, and from them and sur-
veys already made, the route of paid canal shall be
located in the manner following: he shall appoint
five capable, disinterested persons who shall be citi-
zens of five different States, who shall actios com-
missioners to locate said canal. Said commissioners
shall examine in per&on the different routes sur-
veyed, also the surveys, maps, plans, and estimates
already provided for in this section, and proceed to
locate said canal upon the route having the greatest
merits, with a duo regard to the permanency of its
construction and its greatest advantages for military,
naval, and commercial purposes; and the engineers
provided for in this section shall make andllle, m
the office of the Secretary of War, a survey, map,
and profile of said canal whore located, and before
the work thereon shall, be commenced. Before the
location of said canal shall be final, as made by said
commissioners as above piovideri, it, shall be ap-
proved by the President of the United States; and
said commissioners shall each rccuive eight dollars
for every day actually employed in the serviceherem
provided for, to be paid in the same manner as other
expenses and labor on snid canal are provided for
and paid.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. ROSS. It is objected to the passage of
this bill that the finances of the country are not
in a suitable condition to justify it. I am not
unaware that the country is now embarrassed,
but to refuse to make an appropriation of this
character at this time, it seems to me, would
be analogous to the conduct of a farmer who
owned a large tract ot land, and should refuse
to purchase the stock and implements neces-
sary to cultivate his farm for fear of increasing
his debts. In my judgment, this is one of the
most important and proper appropriations that
has ever come before this Congress. It is not
sectional in its character, for if it is the interest
of the western farmer to send his products to
the eastern markets cheaply, it is equally the
interest of the eastern consumer of those prod-
ucts to get tlieru cheaply. Consequently, there
is a mutual interest of producer and consumer
to remove this obstruction to navigation be-
tween these two great inland seas.
But it i^ objected by gentlemen in whose
opinions I have great confidence that we have
no constitutional povrer to make this improve-
ment, because it is within the boundaries of a
State, and we have not obtained the consent
of the State of New York to make this im-
provement. Now, sir, I do not hold that the
great Northwest is to be dependent on the
judgment of the sea-board whether we are to
have access to the markets of the world or not.
We have been in the habit of making appro-
priations for the removal of obstructions from
the Mississippi river and other water-courses ;
but suppose the State of Mississippi should
conclude, when a sand bar was formed in the
Mississippi river in that State, thatthe national
Government should not remove that obstruc-
tion ? I think we should have aright to remove
it. Gentlemen behind me say the Mississippi
river is a great highway. That is true ; but
are not the great inland seas of this country
great national highways as much as the Mis-
sissippi river ? and if we have a right under
the Constitution to appropriate money for the
purpose of removing snags and sand-bars from
the Mississippi river, I ask why we have not a
right under the same power to remove an
obstruction to the navigation between these
two great inland seas so as to give the surplus
products of the Northwest an opportunity of
reaching a market ?
In relation to the question of expense and
the financial condition of the country, I may
say that while 1 have been a member of this
House I have uniformly voted against all
unnecessary appropriations. But, sir, let us
cut off expenditures in some other direction.
Let us cut dewn this large standing Army
which is unnecessary, and which is costing us
$100,000,000 a year. Let us cut down the
expenses of the Navy, which is costing the
people $47,000,000 a year. Let us cut down
the expensesof the Freedmen's Bureau, which
is costing us twelve or fourteen million dollars
a year. By lopping off these unnecessary ex-
penses it will be easy for us to find money by
which we can remove this obstruction between
these two great inland seas, and let the prod-
ucts of the great Northwest move to a proper
market.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I do not
desire to continue this debate any further, so
far as I am concerned, and I now surrender
the floor.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. AVasiibubnjb, of Illinois, that the bill and
pending amendments be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Onion.
Mr. JUDD. Upon that motion 1 ask for the
yeaa find nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided m the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 60,
not voting 81 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell,Bailey, Bcatty, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Bm&'ham, Blair, Boyden, Boyer,
Buekbvnd, Chanler, Oovode, Delano, Eta, 1 erri.
Fox, Getz, O-oltaday, Griewotd, Orover, IIa'ght,Haw-
kins, Itill. (iolrnan, Chester f). Hubbard. Humphrey,
Huntei, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelley,
Keir, Kitchen, Knott,Koontz, Lash,<jeorge\ . Law-
rence. "William Lawrence, Lou^hridge, Marshall,
Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy. McCormick, MeCul-
lougli, Mercur,Milier, Moore, Morrell,Muliins,INew-
comb, Polsley,Price, Randall, Scoficld, Sheltabarger,
Sitffreaves, Spalding, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes,
Stover, Taber, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Tift, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aukcn, van
Trump, Ward. Elihu B. Washburne.Welker, JCnomas
Williams. William Williams, John T. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, and Young—-SI.
NAYS—Messrs. Alli&on, Baker, Banks, Beaman,
Blaine, Bromwell, Benjamin P. Butler, Cburemil,
Sidney Clarke, Gift, Cobb, Coburu, Cook, Corley,
Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dodge, l.cktey,
Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott. Karnsworth,
Fields, French.(toss. Grove. Hardina:. Heaton. liigby,
Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, £-<;!"
loss, Lincoln, Lofran, Munsen, Ne\v>hain, Noms,
Paino, Perham. Peters, Pierce, Poland, Prince,
Raum, Boots, Ross, Sawyer, Shanks, John Trmible,
Twiohell, Burt Van Horn, Vidal, Henry D. n  sh-
bin n, V1-*111 i• 'in B. Washburn, Whittemore, James i".
Wilson, and Wmdoffl—00. , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson.
Archer, Deios R. Ashley, James M. Ashley. Axtell.
Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn, Boles, Bout-
well, Bowen. Brooks, Brooxnall, Buckley, Burr, xtoci
