1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1357
the franking privilege will vote for this, and
when any abuse follows it by way of donating
money, or postage, or anything else, we will
set our faces like flints against that; but let us
go for this.
Mr. NYE. [ understand this to be a prop-
osition to abolish the franking privilege of the
Senate and House of Representatives. Mr.
President, I am utterly opposed to it. About
all the privilege that we Congressmen have is
that of sending free of postage to our constitu-
ents the history of our doings. The Govern-
ment has become prolific in one thing, in ■which
I think it displays great good taste and judg-
ment, in printing important documents to be
distributed among the people of this country—
a privilege which it will never have any cause
to regret—a privilege which to-day if the peo-
ple of this country were called upon they would
vote most decidedly in favor of continuing.
The various reports of the several Department#
of this country must continue to be publishe<l.
They are the reflex, if I may use the expres-
sion, of the combined wisdom of both Houses
of Congress and of the heads of the several
Departments of this (government. We sead to
the source? of tbe rivers and to the mountain
gorges the histoyy of this country's proceed-
ings. There the people are enabled, by sitting
down and reading the Globe, to see what their
representatives do at the Capitol.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that there is not in the whole United States
one single individual who regularly reads the
Globe. [Laughter.]
Mr! NYE. The honorable Senator will allow
me to assure him that kis information is en-
tirely incorrect. I do not know what they do
in Minnesota, I.know when this proposition
was introduced before tho honorable Senator
was reluctant about pressing it. I asked him
then if he wished the immediate consideration
of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. And he said he did.
Mr. NYE. And he said he did not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. He said he did.
Mr. NYE. No, sir; I beg the honorable
Senator's pardon.
Mr. RAMSEY. You misunderstood me
entirely.
Mr. NYE. Therefore, since he is reelected,
there is no necessity for his playing the dema-,
gogue.
Mr. President, I seriously and honestly be-
lieve that there is- no one thing that has been
so productive of good and so productive of the
universal distribution of intelligence, as com-
bined in the documents that emanate from here,
as this franking privilege. I was not in the
Chamber when the honorable Senator from
New York [Mr, Conkuxg] made his speech ;
but 1 presume he was. in favor of abolishing
the franking privilege. But how would his
constituents in Oneida county and in the great
State of New York get along without reading
his brilliant speeches? Why, sir, they form a
most essential part of the Globe; and it wo.uld
be considered a false issue if it did not contain
several columns from the honorable Senator
from New York. [Laughter.]
Those speeches are read by the people with
as much avidity as the very Scriptures which,
are (he foundation of their, faith. Why, sir,
my honorable friend would hardly be able, to
be returned here, notwithstanding his extreme
popularity, but for. the fact that his speeches-
are tlum sent out to the people. I know how
1 hey seize upon every word that drops from
his lips. It is taken up with the avidity, that
tin; circulation takes,up the nourishment from
the food we eat. [Laughter.] I think, there-
tore, he is entirely piistaken in the policy that
he would adopt. Why, sir, if the people in his
county did not read the Globe and see that
their honorable and learned Senator occupied
a large place in the civil history of the coun-
try consternation would at once pervade them.
They would'think that he w,as. paralyzed, and
that a paralysis of. the entire political system,
had taken place. Sir, my own constituents,
like to read his eloquent speeehes. I have
received, and 1 have now in my pocket, a letter
from a constituent of mine speaking in the,
highest terms of the eloquence of the honor-
able Senator from New York, which I an-
swered before I came here to-night, saying
that the speech gaye but a faint type of the
reality of his eloquence, [Laughter. ] X am
astonished, therefore, that the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, and my equally eloquent
friend from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] who
charms the Senate always when therp is any
once to the locality where the appropejationa,
are being- made, [laughter,] which I had the
honor to-day to call him to order for. Why,
sir, I would as soon think of taking its nour-
ishment from a child as I wo.uld rob this gap-
ing community, from ocean to ocean, of feast-
ing upon the eloquence of the two gentlemen-
and the others who, surround me. [ Laughter. ]
Why, sir-, what would be thought in Nevada,
if my constituents could not. read the colossal
speeches of my distinguished friend from, Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Souner?] [Laughter.] His
rounded periods are almost as the daily food,
upon, which they exist. What would be thought
in Michigan if they could not read the zeal
with which my honorable friend [Mr. Chand-
ler] argued the copper bill? [Laughter.]
What would they think in Illin,ois, if they could
not feast upon the fat things of my honorable
friend before me, [Mr. Trembcll,] whose
mouth is never opened but out gushes wisdom ?
What would they think in Wisconsin if the
eloquent intonations and accents of my friend
on my left here [Mr. Howe] should be taken
away from them ? Sir, the world would b§
draped in mourning. [Laughter.]
Mr-. HOWE. Mr. President, let me console
my friend 
Mr, NYE. You are not for it.
Mr. HOWE. Let me console my, frien,d. I
am for it, but I have provided for all this.
Mr. SUMNER. What are you for?
Mr. fiO-WB. For abolishing the frajikiiag-
privilege.
Mr. NYE. I am sorry for that.
Mr. HOWE. And; then I would lea^e the
circulation of my own speeches, and those of
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts
and the honorable Senator from New York to
a system of colporteurage. That would, pro-
vide for the want; but I should say that the
speeches of my honorable friend from Nevada,
wonldsupply all that was needed- [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. My friend little knows what he
is about to do. He little knows the appetite
that has, been whetted among his countless
constituency. Sir, it is like taking the pap
from the weaning lamb. It would not, do. at
all. [Laughter.]
But this is to be done upon the principle- of
economy 1 I do not know how the present
Administration regards this franking privilege;
I do not know how the incoming Administra-
tion will regard it; but we appropriate mil-
lions every year to diffuse this, knowledge as
broad as- the land upon which we live. Sir,
the. Globes and the' speeches of Congressmen
are found in every, hamlet, by every streamlet,,
and on the mountaiu sides of this continent.
They aro read in Massachusetts; they are read
in the mountain regions of Uie Pacific coast,;
they are Tead in the North ; and the South is
getting hungry for them, for the gentlemen who
represent those States have come to me for my
surplus products of this kind. [Laughter,]
Ana, sir, that demonstrates precisely what I
desire to illustrate, that wherever it has been
cut off they long for it as the child for its nat-
ural nutriment; and the quota that is given to
our distinguished friends from the South does
not supply their necessities ; they long to take
up and drink in the intelligence that is pub-
lished in these documents.
Now, Mr. President, a word as to the econ-
omy of the thing. There is such a, thing as-
being penny wise and pound foolish. I appre-
hend that this spasmodic effort is of the penny-
wise order. Why, sir, what are oar great post
office routes established for ? They are to
make universal intelligence comeatable, if I
may use the expression, in every nook and
corner of the world; and our policy of postal
arrangements is not confined to this continent,
broad as it is in extent, but it fathoms and
crosses every ocean, and our documents are
found in foreign countries abroad. Take, for
instance, one document in regard to the mining
interests of this country, embodying the labors
of Browne and his coadjutors; there is a com-
pilation of facta based upon observation that
attracts the attention of the listening world. I
chanced by accident this year to be in a foreign
eounjtry; and, even in the Turkish dominions
these dpenments were sought for, and . so it
was, throughout all Germany. Throughout the
whole length and breadth of that continent,
from Liverpool to the Bosphorus, documents
containing the statistical knowledge and in-
formation of the unrivaled mineral productions
of this eountry are sought for. They not only
long for them, but the people long for them npon
our continent. Eight years ago this country
knew as little about the mineral resources of
o.ur own land as can well be imagined. To: day
in every hamlet in Massachusetts, and through-
out New England, New York, Pennsylvania,
and, all these eastern and western States, the
reports in regard to these marvelous and won-
drous discoveries attract the attention and
eommand the respect of the intelligent portion
of o«r own people, :.
. Mr. President,  ost of the members here
are unlike the honorable Senator fro/a New
York., They aremostly poor; they are of the
kind that " you feave with you always." lam
most emphatically one of that kind, and I can-
not afford to. pay postage on the Globes. Why,
sir, it would make my. lean pocket-book trem-
ble with apprehension [laughter] to think of
paying postage on the Globe; and when we get
from five to eight volumes to a session, I beg
my honorable friend from New York to spare
me the pain <?f saying to my. constituents that
it is not possible for n^e to send them to them
apd pay postage. .Then,, add-ed to that, there
is another thing; most of my constituents are
poor, Bfilikethe constituents of roy honorable
friend from. Minnesota,. [Laughter. ] They
cannot afford to pay postage on the Globe.
But, it is said, that stamps are used, and that
member?; are too lazy to. frank themselves.
Stop the stamps; but I beg of the honorable
Senator from New York to stop not this mass
of intelligence that goes out. Command your
Senators to frank with their own hands, but do
not cut off the supply o£ intelligence and in-
formation.
SirT ever since I was a boy—and that is some
time.ago [laughter]—these spasmodic efforts
at economy have been made, and, now and
then an honorable Senator or aa honorable
Representative would desire, following in the
wake of the Tribune, perhaps, [laughter,] to
get the franking privilege abolished. I under-
take to say that up to this time there was never
one who was honest in the effect except the
honorable Senator who moves it now-. [ Laugh-
ter.] It is clap-trap; it is a strainingata gnat
and swallowiug a,camel. That is just what
it ineaus; and I wonder that the honorable
Senator from Minnesota, after his reelection,
should have renewed that foolish proposition.
[Laughter.]
Sir, I stand here to meet all this nonsense,
for it is, nothing else. There are not two men
in this circle who would as much regret the
abolition, of this privilege as those who now
urge it,;, for no Senators have more interest in
scattering, broadcast the light that they shed
upon these various questions than the hoaor-
able Senator,from New York and the honorable
Senator from Minnesota. They would shudder
if they- thought the proposition would pass.
[Laugijter.] I am not alarmed at this cry of
economy. As I remarked before, I do not
know what this Administration think about the
franking, privilege; but I can tell them one
thing, that most of the franking privilege is
