182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
Hd. of Reps.
Reduction of- the Army—Mr. Butler.
40th Cong....3d
" It was in a great measure this feeling, combined
with a morbid attachment to State rights, or rather
an imperfect conception of the vital importance 01 a
real Union, that delayed the formation of an army
for the war till the moment for forming it cheaply
and readily was passed. It was this feeling which,
under the plausible show of strengthening the de-
pendence of the Army upon Congress, kept the officers
m much feverish anxiety about the rules of promo-
tion. It was this feelingwhich led John Adams to
talk seriously about an annual appointment of gen-
erals, and both the Adamses to draw nigh to Gates as
a man who, in some impossible -contingency, was to
bo set up against Washington.
" It is notsurprising, therefore, that to minds tinged
with these suspicions the idea of half pay for life
gbould seem fraught with serious danger, or that the
men who entertained them should have opposed, as
an invasion of popular rights, what in the light of
impartial history seems a mere actof justice. It was
not till the terrible winter of Valley Forge had been
passed through, and when Washington saw himself
upon the point of losing many of his best and most
experienced officers, that a promise of half pay for
soven years to all who should servo through the war
was wrung from a reluctant Congress. It took two
years more of urgent exhortation and stern experi-
ence to overcome the last scruples and secure a vote
of half pay for life." * * * * "On the 3d
November, 1783, the army was disbanded. There
was no formal leave-taking. Each regiment, each
company, went as it chose. Men who had stood side
by side in battle, who had shared the same ten t in sum-
mer and same hut in winter, parted, never to meet
again. Some stili had homes, and therefore definite
hopes. But hundreds knew not whither to go. Their
four months* pay, the only part of their country's in-
debtedness which they had received, was not sufficient
to buy them food and shelter long, even when it had
not been necessarily pledged before it came into their
hands. They had lost the habits of domestic life, as
they had long foregone its comforts. Strong men
were seen weeping like children; men who had borne
cold and hunger in winter camps and faced death on
the battle-field shrunk from this new form of trial.
For a few days the streets and taverns were crowded.
For weeks soldiers were to be seen on every road or
lingering bewildered about public places like men
who were at a loss what to do with themselves. There
wore no ovations for them as they came back toil-
worn before their time to the places which had once
known them; no ringing of bells, no eager opening
of hospitable doors. The country was tired of the
war, tired of the sound of fife and drum, anxious to
get back to sowing and reaping, to buying and selling,
ro town meetings and general elections." * *
* * "Political ambition looked for advance-
ment noarer home." * * * * "Itwaslong
beforo the country awoke to a consciousness of its
ingratitude to these brave men."
Many years later one of the noblest speeches
that Daniel Webster ever pronounced was in
advocating the passage of a law to do tardy
justice by granting pensions to the survivors
of the Revolution. After the war of 1812, the
size of the Army, the tenure of office in it, and
the mode of reduction were again the subject
of discussion. The same points which are now
made in debate were urged then; and after
an able and protracted debate the peace estab-
lishment was so adjusted as to avoid almost
wholly the muster-out of deserving officers. In
1820, during this debate, the Secretary of War
made a report to Congress, in which he set
forth the principles which have finally become
the settled policy of the Government. The sub-
ject was so ably handled that I can not do better
than quote a few sentences setting forth the
principles on which the Army should be organ-
ized in time of peace. The Secretary says :
" To stive such an organization [a peace establish-
ment] the loading principles in its formation ought
to be. that at the commencement of hostilities there
should be nothing either to new model or create.
I ho only difference, consequently, between the
peace and the war formation of the Army ought to
bo in the increased magnitude of the latter, and the
only change m passing from the former to the latter
should consist in giving to it the augmentation which
will then be nccessaiy.'' * * * x *
"The next principle to be. observed is, that the
organization ought to be such as to induce in time of
peacc citizens of adequate talents and respectability
of character to enter and remain in the military ser-
vice of the country, so that the Government may
have officers at its command who to the requisite
experience would add the public confidence. The
correctness of this principle can scarcely be doubted,
for surely if it is worth having an Army at all it is
worth having it well commanded."
¥ if. % # % J? * X %
" Every prudent individual, in selecting hi.« course
of lu©, must be governed, making some allowance for
natural disposition, essentially by the reward which
attends the various pursuits open to him. Under our
free institutions everyone is left free-to make his
solecjion, and mostof tho pursuits of life, followed
with industry and skill, lead to opulence and respect-
ability. The profession of arms, in the well-estab-
lished state of things which exists among us, has no
reward but what is attached to it by law,and if that
should be inferior to other professions it would be
idle to suppose individuals possessed of the necessary
talents" and character would be induced to enter it.
A mere sense of duty ought not and cannotbe safely
relied on. It supposes that individuals would be
actuated by a stronger sense of duty toward the
Government than the latter toward them."
* * * * * * *
"No positionconnected with the organization ofthe
peace establishment is susceptible of being more rig-
idly proved than that the proportion of its officers to
the rank and file ought to be greater than in a war
establishment. It results immediately from a posi-
tion t'3e truth of which cannot be fairly doubted, and
which I have attempted to illustrate in the prelim-
inary remarks, that the leading object of a regular
army in time of peace ought to be to enable the
country to meet with honor and safety, particularly
at the commencement of the war, the dangers inci-
dent to that state; to effect this object, as far as prac-
ticable, the peace organization ought, as has been
shown, to be such that in passing to a state of war
there should be nothing either to new model or to
create, and that the difference between that and the
war organisation ought to be simply in the greater
magnitude of the latter." * * * * *
" Economy is certainly a very high political virtue,
intimately connected with the power and the public
virtue of the community. In military operations,
which, under the best management, areso expensive,
it is of the utmost importance; but by no propriety
of language can that arrangement be called econom-
ical which, in order that our military establishment
in peace should be rather less expensive, would,
regardless of the purposes for which it ought to be
maintained, render it unfit to meet the dangers inci-
dent to a state of war."
I am content to stand by this doctrine; and
guided by it, the Committee on Military Affairs
have tried to accomplish two things: to pro-
vide for a very large reduction of the expense
of the Army, and at the same time to preserve
the efficiency and spirit of its organization.
Reduction of tlie Army.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
of massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1869.
The House being in the Committee of the Wholo
on the state of the Union on the bill (H. It. No. 803)
making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1870—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Chairman ; Before I proceed I ask that
the Clerk now read ray substitute for the pend-
ing amendment, as modified by me.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skg. —. And be it further enacted, That the office
of General of the Army*skall continue until the 4th
of March, 1869, and no longer.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the office
of Lieutenant General of the Army shall continue
until a vacancy shall occur in the same, and no
longer; and on the occurrence of such vacancy, all
laws and parts of laws creating said office are re-
pealed.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That commissions
by brevet shall be conferred only for distinguished
and meritorious conduct and important service in
the presence of the enemy, and within one year after
the same are rendered, and shall bear date from the
particular action or service for which the officer was
brovetted, and all brevet rank ghall be honorary
only, giving neither precedence in rank or pay.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That after the
1st day of July, 1869, there shall be onlv three major
generals; and the President shall, within ten days
preceding said date, select, without regard to senior-
ity, the three major generals to remain in commis-
sion ; and the others shall be mustered out of the
service of the United States on said date.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That after the
1st day of July, 1869. there shall be only six briga-
dier generals, including the chief of staff ofthe Army,
who is hereby retained in office; and the President
shall, within ten days preceding said date, select,
without regard to seniority, the six brigadier gen-
erals to remain in commission, and the others shall
be mustered out of the service of the United States
on said date.
Seo._ . And be it further enacted. That the offices
ot Adjutant General, Quartermaster General, Com-
missary General of Subsistence, chief of ordnanco,
chief of engineers, Paymaster General, Surgeon Gen-
eral, Judge Advocate General, shall be filled by tho
appointment or assignment of an officer who shall
have the rank and pay of a colonel.
Sec. • And be it further enacted, That tho present
incumbents may continue in the offices mentioned in
tho foregoing sections at the rank and pay above
mentioned; and upon the passage of this act all offi-
cers of the staff departments or corps of the Army
shall have the rank, pay, and grade of infantry offi-
cers next below that fixed for such officers by the act
entitled "An act to increase and fix the military peace
establishment of the United States," approved July
28,1866, except when actually serving in the field in
war, when the pay shall bethat of a mounted officer.
That the whole number of officers serving in the
above-named staff departments and corps shall be
reduced one half, in each grade, the officers retained
to be selected by the President as hereinafter pro-
vided ; and those not selected to be retained shall be
mustered out on the 1st day of July next.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the pay of
the officers of the Army shall be as follows; the pay
of Lieutenant General shall be $12,000 a year; the
pay of major general shall be $7,500; the pay of
brigadier general shall be $5,000; the pay of colonel
shall be $3,500; the pay of lieutenant colonel shall
be $2,750; the pay of major shall be $2,500; the pay
of captain, mounted, shall be $2,000: the pay of cap-
tain, not mounted, shall be SI,800; the pay of adju-
tant shall be $1,800; the pay of regimental quarter-
master shall be $1,800; the pay of first lieutenant,
mounted, shall be $1,600; the pay of first lieutenant,
not mounted, shall be $1,500; the pay of second lieu-
tenant, mounted, shall be $1,500; the pay of second
lieutenant, not mounted, shall be $1,400; the pay of
chaplain shall be $1,200; the pay of aide-de-camp
to major general shall be$200 per annum in addition
to pay of his rank; the pay of aide-de-camp to brig-
adier general shall be $150 per annum in addition to
pay of his rank; the pay of acting assistant commis-
sary shall be $100 in addition to pay of his rank; and
these sums shall be in full of all commutation of
quarters, fuel, forage, servants' wages, and clothing,
longevity rations, and all allowances of every name
and nature whatever, and shall be paid monthly by
the paymaster: Provided, That when any officer shall
travel under orders, and shall not be furnished trans-
portation by the quartermaster's department, or on
a conveyance belonging to or chartered by tho Uni-
ted States, he shall be allowed ten cents per mile,
and no more, for each mile actually by him traveled
under such order, distances to be calculated accord-
ing to the nearest post routes; and no payment shall
be made to any officer except by a paymaster of the
Army. Officers retired from active service not on
account of disability from wounds received in battle
shall receive forty per cent, of the pay given by this
act to the highest regimental or staff rank held by
such officer at the time of retirement. Officers re-
tired from active service from disability from wounds
received in battle shall receive seventy-five percent,
ofthe pay given by this act to the highest regimental
or staff rank held by such officer at the time such
wounds were received. Retired officers assigned to
duty by the President according to their rank shall
receive while so assigned and employed full pay of
the grade upon which they have been retired; but
no retired officer shall be assigned to any duty other
than court-martial while any officer not so retired is
unassigned to duty according to his rank.
Sec. —. Andbeit further enacted. That hereafterfhe
line of the Army shall consist of twenty-four regi-
ments of infantry, three regiments of which shall be
of the Veteran Reserve corps and four of colored
troops; six regiments of cavalry, two of which shall
be colored troops: and threo rigiments of artillery;
said regiments to have the same organization as now
provided bylaw.
Sec.—. Andbeit further enacted, That the Secretary
of War shall forthwith proceed to consolidate the
regiments nowin service in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act. He shall prepare lists of all regi-
mental and staff officers of cach grade now in service,
keeping the three armsof the service distinct as well
as tho several staff corps: and the President shall
select therefrom, in proportion to thenumbersin the
several grades, the number required to fill said regi-
ments from each arm, selecting for the command of
colored troops only officers who served in the war in
command of such troops, in the manner following,
that is to say: he shall cause to assemble at a coun-
cil of officers composed of three general officers, one
of whom shall bo a nujor general and one of whom
shall have entered the Army during the late war
from civil life; three officers of infantry, two of whom
shall have entered the Army during the war from
civil life and one of whom shall have been an officer
of colored troops : two officers of cavalry, one of
whom shall have entered the Army during the war
from civil life; two officers of the medical depart-
ment; one officer of the Adjutant General's depart-
ment; one officer of the engineer department; one
officer of the ordnancedepartment; one officerofthe
quartermaster's department; one officer of the sub-
sistence department, and one officer of the pay
department, who shall have entered the Army dur-
ing the war from civil life: all of whom shall be
selected for high character, intelligence, discretion,
justice, patriotism, professional ability, and services
during the war, and who being thus selected shall
be retained in the service; and it shall be the duty
of the council to inquire into and consider the ca-
pacity, character, record of services, and fitness to
be continued in the military service of every offi-
cer below the grade of general who may be in the
Army at the time of the passage of this act. Andtha
councN shall for this purpose be furnished with all in-
formation, papers, documents, records, and evidence
they may requirefrom the War Department; and the
council shall furnish a report of their conclusions to
the Secretary of War, with their reasons therefor,
and shall keep a record of their votes in the case or
each officer, except that the warn© of th« officer vot-
ing need not be recorded Whori tho report of a
