406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
erick R. Batter, Cake, Callis, Cary, Read er W. Clarke,
Dickey, Dixon, Doekory, Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Ferry, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Gravely, Halsey, Hamilton, Haughey, Hopkins,
Hotuhkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,RichardD. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Kelsey, Ketcham, Laflin,Loan,
Lyneh, Mallory, McKee, Moorhead, Moriissey, My-
ers, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Ortli, Pettis,
Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Pruyn,Robert-
son, Robinson. Schenck, Selye, Smith, Stewart,Stone,
Sypher, Van Aernain, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
AVyck, Cadwalader G, Washburn, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—81.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. AXTELL said: I am paired upon this
bill with the gentleman from New York, Mr.
Brooks. Upon this question he would vote
"ay" if he were present, and I would vote
"no."
Mr. NIBLACK said : On this vote, as on
the previous vote, I am paired off with the gen-
tleman from New York, Mr. Laflin". It' he
were present he would vote "no," and I would
vote "ay."
Mr. KELLEY said: I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. O'Neill, is absent under
the order of the House, attending the obse-
quies of our late colleague, Mr. Finney.
Mr. RANDALL said : My colleague, Mr.
Glossbrenner, is absent by direction of the
House. If he were present he would vote
" ay."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the House re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union the Niagara ship-canal bill;
and also moved that the n^otion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing land office report.
The SPEAKER, by unanimotis consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to print-
ing the maps and illustrations accompanying
the last annual report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
disbursing clerk ok patent office.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the disbursing clerk of the Patent Office, ask-
ing additional allowance for services in that
capacity; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
treasury printing bureau.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House, reports of the First
Comptroller, First Auditor, and Register of
the Treasury, relative to the past and the
existing condition of the Engraving and Print-
ing Bureau of the Treasury.
Mr. DAWES. That is in answer to the
resolution I introduced.
The SPEAKER. To what committee does
the gentleman wish the papers to be referred?
Mr. DAWES. I only want them ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. The Committee on Re-
trenchment have had that subject under con-
sideration ; and I move that the communication
and accompanying papers be referred to that
committee, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled House
bill No. 1G73, to relieve William H. Baglev,
of Wake county, North Carolina; when the
Speaker signed the same.
order of business,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended and the House now
resolve itself into tho Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the special
order, which is the legislative appropriation
bill. I make the motion merely for the pur-
pose of having that bill receive to-day its first
pre-
reading in Committee of the Whole. It is a
very long bill, and if unanimous consent can
be had to dispense with the first reading of the
bill in the Committee of the Whole I will not
press my motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
make the motion I have indicated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. FERRfSS. I move that when this
House adjourn to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
The SPEAKER. That motion has
cedence of the motion to adjourn.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Ferriss ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 69, noes 48.
Before the resultof the vote wasannounced,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said : I call
for tellers. And before the question is taken
I desire to say to the House 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to say one
word in regard to a session to-morrow.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 object.
The question recurred on the demand for
tellers.
Mr. HIGBY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The call for yeas and
nays has precedence of the call for tellers.
The question was taken upon oidering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there were—•
ayes 25, noes 55.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 62, not voting
89 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtnll, B.irnes Bearaan,
Loatty, Beck, Bujer, Bromwell. Auckland, Ohanler,
bidney Clarke, Caft, Cobb, Cook. Cornell, Deweese,
Dodge, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fox, Getz,
Uolladay, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Grover, llaight, Iinl-
sey, Harding, Hawkins, Holman, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Kel-
ley, Kerr, Knott, Koontz, Lash, George V. Lawrence,
Marshall. Marvin, McCorraick, MeCullough, Mun-
ffen, Niblack, Norris. Paine. Peters, Phelps, Price,
Randall, Raum, Ross, Scofield, Spalding, Taber
1 nomas. Tilt, Lawrence S. Trimble. Upson, Van
Auken, Bart Van Horn, Van Trump. Vid.il, Whitte-
more, Thomas Williams, James i\ Wilson, and
Young—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Bailey, Baker
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyden,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler. Churchill, Corlev, Co-
vode, C'uliora, Delano, lila, Thomas D. Eliot, james
T.Ulhott, Fields, Fronch, Garfield, Griswold.Heaton,
Hisby, Hill, Hunter, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian,Kellogg, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Lough-
ridgc, Maynai'd, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Morrell, Mullins, Newcomb. Newsham, Per-
ham. Roots, iSawyer, Shanks, Sitgreavep, Stark-
weather, Steven?, Stover, Trowbridge, Twichcil,
Ehhu H. Wash burne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Wasnburn, Welker, William Wiiiiams, John T.
Wilson, and \\ indom—6li.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson
Delos R. Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Banks,
Barnum, B.ackburn, Blaine, Boutwell, Bowen
Brooks, Broomail, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Cake
0*1 is, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Dawes,
.Dickey, Dixon, Docitery, Donnelly Driggs, Eckley
Edwards, Bggleston, .b'erry, Glossbrenner, Hamil-
ton, Haughey, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd
Jenckes, Judd, kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin
Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mallory, Moorhead, Morris-
?ey, Myers, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Orfh, Pettis,
Pierec, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, PoUley, Pomerov
Prince, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Schenck, Selye,
bhellabarger, Smith,Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Sypher
iaffe. .taylor, John Trimble, Van Aernam, Robert
i. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwaiader C.
Washburn, btephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridee
and Woodward—89.
So the motion of Mr. Fuiuuss, that when
the House adjourns to-day it adjourn till Mon-
day next, was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion
of^Mr. Eldridge, that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Ilouse
(at four o clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned till Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BECK. A petition of the manufac-
turers of copper-distilled whisky in the sixth
and seventh districts in Kentucky, for a ratifi-
cation of portions of the internal revenue law,
approved July 20, 1868.
By Mr. BROMWELL: The petition of Dr.
John H. McQuoun, of Coles county, Illinois,
praying an allowance of his claim for services
as surgeon during the war for the suppression
of the rebellion.
By Mr. ELA : The petition of J. C. Hutch-
ins, ofDover, New Hampshire, and 20 others,
for a modification of the law relating to manu-
factured tobacco and cigars which have paid
tax.
By Mr. GARFIELD: A petition of Depait-
ment clerks, for an increase of pay.
By Mr. HALSEY: A petition of captains
and owners of vessels of Newark, New Jersey, -
asking Congress to protect them from the tax
imposed by the different States and cities known
as harbor tonnage tax, &c.
Also, the petition of Peter P. Batte, of Prin ce
George county, Virginia, asking that his dis-
ability may be removed.
By Mr. HARDING: A memorial of citi-
zens of Quincy, Illinois, relative to the tax on
cigars.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: A remonstrance of
the.Hubbard Hardware Company, of Middle-
town, Connecticut, against the further increase
of the duty on steel.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of 250 citi-
zens of New York, praying Congress to pro-
pose an amendment to the Constitution secur-
ing the right of suffrage to citizens without
regard to race or color.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania: The
petition of J ulian Chambers, of Greene county,
Pennsylvania, for 3100 bounty.
By Mr. MOORE: Petitions from owners
and masters of vessels, of New Haven and
I*air Haven, Connecticut, with accompanying
papers, praying tho intervention of Congress
to protect all engaged in navigation from ille-
gal taxes by States and municipal corpora-
tions.
Also, petitions of 1,400 masters and owners
of vssels of Bath, Bangor, Dumriscorta, Bel-
fast, Waldoboro', Thomuston, French Beach,
Warren, Brunswick, and Portland, Maine, rep-
resenting 10,000 vessels, praying the interven-
tion of^ Congress to protect all engaged in
navigation from illegal exactions by State and
municipal corporations.
By Mr. PLANTS: The petition of Thomas
Stevenson and 32 others, citizens of Beverly,
Ohio, for the establishment of a mail route
from Beverly, Washington county, to Moscow
Mills, in Morgan county, Ohio.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, ofPennsylvania: Three
petitions of citizens of Armstrong and Butler
counties, Pennsylvania, praying ior the estab-
lishment of a daily mail route between Brady's
Bend, in Armstrong, and Brownington, in
Butler count}', and the discontinuance of sun-
dry existing routes.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of E. Andrews, and others, of Wil-
liamsport, Pennsylvania, against any further
increase of duty on imported steel and a letter
of E. Andrews on the same subject.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 18, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion by Mr. POMEROY, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of hnday last was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to the condition of certain
appropriations under the control of that De-
partment; which was referred to the Commit-
tee ®n Appropriations.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
estimate of the appropriations required for ful-
filling stipulations with the Seneeas, mixed
