1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Senecas, Shawnees, Quapaws, Confederated
Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas, and Piankeshaws,
Ottowas of Blanchard's Fork and Roche de
Bosnf, and certain Wyandotts, ander the treaty
of February 23, 1867, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
navy and marine corps.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives non-concurringin the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 941) to amend
certain acts in relation to the Navy and Marine
corps, and asking a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon ;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. DRAKE subsequently said: I under-
stand that a moment ago House bill No. 041
was laid before the Senate with a message that
the House had disagreed to certain amend-
ments made by the Senate, and that the bill
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I think the proper course it should take would
be for the Senate to insist on its amendments
and accede to the conference asked by the
House of Representatives. If there be no
objection I move that the order sending the
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs be re-
considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
considered as reconsidered if there be no
objection.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments to the bill non-concurred
in by the House, and that a committee of con-
ference be appointed on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to ; and Messrs.
Drake, Nye, and Hendricks were appointed
conferees on the part of the Senate.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of citizens of Massachusetts, praying
that the right of suffrage be granted to women
in the District of Columbia and the Territories
of the United States : which was referred to
the Committee oil the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of Gary Davis,
of Georgia, praying protection in the enjoy-
ment of his civil rights ; wliieli was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented resolutions of a meeting of
the Board of Supervisors of Dubuque county,
Iowa, in relation to the free navigation of the
St. Lawrence river by Great Britain, and for
the speedy completion of a route to the lakes
by the way of Wisconsin and Fox rivers; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Kansas, praying a revision of the naturaliza-
tion laws; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
honorably discharged soldiers who lost their
legs while serving in the Union Army during
the late war, praying the passage of an act giv-
ing them an artificial limb ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of
Thomas P. Lewis, of West Virginia, praying a
removal of the political disabilities imposed on
him by acts of Congress ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He alsapresented a petition of Eliza Whiting,
widow of Brevet Brigadier General Whiting,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions. ^
Mr. RICE presented the petition of William
J. Patton, collector of internal revenue second
district of Arkansas, praying the passage of an
act relieving him from the payment of certain
money stolen from him by his deputies; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
William B. Campbell, paying compensation
for losses sustained by him ui consequence of
the seizure by the United States, in 1801, of
a steamboat belonging to him then lying at
Mound City, Illinois: which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of members
of the Association of Medical Superintendents
of American Institutions for the Insane, pray-
ing that superintendents in the late disloyal
States be relieved from all political disabilities ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ipresentthe
petition of Duncan, Sherman & Co., E. D.
Morgan & Co., Ewell & Co., and a large num-
ber of other bankers and business men of the
city of New York, and of Thomas Robins,
Edwin M. Lewis, William Rushton, jr., Joseph
M. Patterson, and a large number of merchants
and bankers of the city of Philadelphia ; and
of E. A. Presbrey, Briggs & Co., M. K. Frotli-
ingham, Samuel Phillips, jr., Whiton Brothers
& Co., Potter, White & Bayley, and a large
number of other merchants, bankers, and busi-
ness men of Boston, and of W. N. Coolbaugh,
C. T. Wheeler, Josiah Lambard, and a large
number of other merchants, bankers, and busi-
ness men of Chicago, praying that Congress
would pass such laws that hereafter all pur-
chases or sales of the loans and bonds of the
United States on account of the United States
shall be made by inviting public competition
through advertising of proposals, and that all
sales of gold for account of the United States
shall be made at public auction by an author-
ized official of the Treasury Department at such
time and place, which shall be duly advertised,
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall designate.
This petition embraces as large a number of
the solid business men of the country as any
which has ever been presented to Congress. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRE LINGH U YSEN presented the peti-
tion of Mrs. Elizabeth Clarke, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
praying for the extension of the Sioux City and
Pacific railroad to Yankton, in that Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
He also presented a petition of Jacob I. Cra-
gin, of Hampshire county, West Virginia,
praying compensation for property taken for
the use of the United States Army during the
late war : which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a letter of Vice
Admiral David D. Porter, United States Navy,
in relation to the application of Commander
B. B. Taylor for a higher rank in the Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Boston, remonstrating against the
renewal of the reciprocity treaty; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of claimants
against the Government of Venezuela, praying
that the Government of the United States pay
them the amount allowed them by thecommis-
sion appointed to adjudicate the same ; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also presented a petition of Mrs. Kate
Murphey, of Philadelphia, for relief in the
nature of compensation for the loss of her hus-
band, a Union soldier, who died in the war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of certain freedmen of Hilton Head, South
Carolina, and vicinity, praying for the passage
of House bill No. 907, entitled " An act to
provide for the sale of certain lands and lots
on the sea islands of Beaufort district, South
Carolina." As my friend from Kansas [Mr.
Pomeroy] reported a bill on this subject the
other day, I ask him whether this petition ;
should go to the Committee on Public Lands |
or lie on the table?
Mr. POMEROY. The committee have j
reported in favor of it. 1
Mr. SDMNEE. In favor of the House bill? :
Mr. POMEROY. It is not a House bill; it
is a Senate bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I will venture to ask
that this petition shall be referred to the com-
mittee, for it asks something more. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lauds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Ialso presentapetitionfrom
artists, chromo-lithographers, engravers, print-
publishers, journalists, authors, and others in-
terested in the progress of American art, nu-
merously signed, in which they set forth that
the rapid perfection of the process of chromo-
lithography in the United States renders neces-
sary an addition to our national legislation in
order to protect the rights ofartists and of honest
art publishers. And after setting forth their
reasons, they proceed to ask from Congress an
act declaring that the purchase of a painting or
work of art does not convey the copyright there-
of, which inheres and shall inhere in the artist,
unless specially conveyed to the publisher.
This petition is headed by Louis Prang, of Bos-
ton, the eminent chromo-lithographer, who has
done so much to introduce that beautiful art
into our country, and I find by looking over the
names those of many eminentartists, sculptors,
painters, engravers, and authors. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a petition from
the Association of Tobacco Manufacturers in
the State of Kansas. -This petition is signed by
Valentine Grimm, president, and Hugo Grimm
as secretary. They represent that the act of
Congress passed in July, 1868, is oppressive to
the manufacturers of cigars, and particularly
those who manufacture in the West, and they
set forth their reasons at considerable length.
I do not know the merits of it myself. I move
its reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
He also presented the petition of Daniel N.
Denman and Ebenezer Townley, administra-
tors of John Denman and George Townley.
deceased, praying to be compensated for beef
cattle sold by the commissary department dur-
ing the revolutionary war ; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts, earnestly requesting that in any
change or amendment of the Constitution Con-
gress may propose to extend or regulate suf-
frage there shall be no distinction made be-
tween men and women ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. T also present a petition
signed by Hon. E. M. Davis, and others, of
Philadelphia, relating to the question of finance.
I have never said a word on that question to
the Senate, because I know so little about it;
but I should like, with the leave of the Senate,
to have the petition, or at least a portion of it,
read. I do it because the writer is an eminent
man in Philadelphia, and a friend of mine of
long standing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"We assert that the frequent and sudden fluctua-
tions m the money market affect disastrously the
legitimate businessof t.heeouu try, subjecting honest,,
cautious industry to tho avarice of gold and stock
gamblers. That confidence in regular productive
business is thus weakened, non-producers are in-
creased, and general prosperity is gradually under-
mined, and that these evils are largely owing to our
false money system. We assert that this system fos-
ters the antagonism between labor and money; and
that as money gets by law from six to ten percent,
per annum, and the wealth of the country increases
about throe and a half per cent, per annum, the ine-
quality cannot exist without robbing labor, the real
source of wealth.
" That the money business of the country is a gigan-
tic and dangerous monopoly by a few, benefiting but.
few, and seriously injuring the many. That it would
he no more just or injurious to give by law to a few
the exclusive right to raise and sell gram, than it is
to a few the power now held and wielded by the
national banks. , .
" We claim that as money is the medium by which
enterprise enriches the country, that the amount
should only bo limited by the wazxts of the country*
