1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Reduction of the Army—Mr. Butter.
Ho. of Reps.
majority of two thirds of the council is in favor of any
-officer he shall thereupon be reported and be placed
upon the list from which selections are to be made
by the President of officers to be retained in the ser-
vice ; but in case of any officer not so reported by the
council, then he shall be summoned beforethe coun-
cil, by order, for examination into his moral, mental,
and physical qualifications, and shall be allowed full
iiod reasonable opportunity for explanation and de-
fease, and may produce testimony to meet any objec-
tion or charges, if any there be, of which he shall be
informed, all of which shall be submitted in writing
and the testimony taken under oath: and the board,
at its discretion, may summon any witness who shall
have given such testimony for further examination,
-.md the case shall then be again examined and re-
ported upon by the board; but when it shall appear
to the council on examination of any officer that he
has not been employed on active duty in the field
during any part of the late war, it shall be the duty
of the council to inquire specially into the reason for
such officer not being so employed; and any officer
whose absence from active field service during the
war shall be found by a majority of the council to
have been on account of the wish or application of
such officer to be assigned to duty elsewhere than
at the front, from any cause whatever, he shall not
be reported to be put upon the list from which offi-
cers to serve in the Army shall be selected. Andfrum
the list so reported the President shall select the
regimental and company officers in the regiments
hereby authorized, giving to those officers who en-
tered the Army from civil life during the war and
wore promoted or appointed for gallantry and good
conduct an equal number with those who had served
m the Army before the war, so that said officers may
be selected from those who have performed active
and meritorious services in the field in the war of
<he rebellion in preference to others; and the officers
of the staff corps or department shall be likewise
selected from said list, but without regard to service
in the field.
Sbc. —. And be it further enacted, Thatalithebands
now in theservice organized under the provisions of
section seven of an act entitled "An act to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of the Uni-
ted States," approved July 28, 1866, except the band
at the Military Academy, shall be honorably dis-
charged without delay, and shall receive full pay
and allowance to the date of such discharge.
-Sec.—. Andbeiifurtherenacted, That the President
is hereby authorized and directed, so soon as the
necessities of the service will allow, to order the
muster-out of enlisted men until the total number,
the proper proportions of the different arms of the
service being preserved, shall be reduced to twenty-
five thousand; and until such reduction is reached no
further enlistments shall he made; and thereafter
there shall be no more than twenty-live thousand
enlisted men at any onetime without special author-
ity of Congress: Provided, That all men enlisted for
any special corps otheT than above mentioned, such
as ordnance or engineer soldiers, shall be disbanded,
and, at the election of enlisted men, be recruited
into the line of the Army.
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That the organ-
izat- n of the Bureau of Military Justice shall here-
after eonsistof one Judge AdvocateGeneral.with the
rank and pay of a colonel; one assistant judge advo-
cate general, with the rank and pay of a lieutenant
colonel; four assistant judge advocates general, with
the rank and pay of a major; and all promotions and
appointments hereafter made in said bureau shall
be in accordance with the provisions of this section.
Sko. —. And be it farther enacted, That the office of
military storekeeper is hereby abolished. The place
may be filled by a retired officer of the Army.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted^ Thatthe medical
staff of the Army shall not be increased by surgeons
hired by contract or otherwise, so that the whole
number of medical officers shall not be beyond one
forevery one hundred and fifty men.
Sec. —.And be it further aiactrd. That this act shall ii
take effect on the 4th day March, 1869; and all
acts and pares of lk-n inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this ui-t i i any manner whatever are hereby
repealed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This
House, Mr. Chairman, has been engaged for
days in considering the question whether a few
thousand dollars may be saved to the tax-pay-
<3rs of the country. The propositions to which
I now call your attention are to save many
million dollars, if I mistake not, and this sub-
ject has received very considerable and careful
attention from me and from those who have
aided me in examining it. These propositions,
if carried out, will reduce our Army to twenty-
five thousand men—twenty-four regiments of
infantry, three of artillery, and four of cavalry,
fully equipped and fully officered, and so far as
the staff departments are concerned, with a
staff larger than that of the army of Great j
Britain, and yet save more than thirty million h
dollars in the current expenses of the Army.
When I addressed the House a few days ago
ttj)on this subject I stated that I thought we
.might save from thirteen million to fifteen mil-
lion dollars. My statistics had not then been
completed; and I own that I was astonished at
the amount of expenditures which I found upon
further comparison were called for by the Army.
At the same time it is very clear that we do
not want more than twenty-five thousand men.
We will want no army in the South after the
4th day of March next. An event will then
happen which will be more potent for peace
than soldiers in every village and hamlet. It
will then be understood that all disorder and
riot and murder must cease. And it cannot
be that to meet the few thousand Indians in
the field—perhaps I ought to say hundreds of
Indians—we will need more than twenty-five
thousand effective men. We had, at the time
my statistics were prepared, about forty-two
thousand men and officers ; not, it is true, in
the field,butontherolls. The current expenses
of the Army last year—current expenses, mark
you, leaving out everything in the way of back
pay, bounty, pension, &c.—the current ex-
penses were $68,000,000. We have staff offi-
cers in greater number and in greater rank than
the staff of any army in the world.
That you may get precisely the number of
staff officers allow me to present the following
table which shows the number of staff officers
in the Army in 18G7-68;
Table showing number and rank of General and Staff
Officers in the Army, 1867-68.
General Officers.
General  1
Lieutenant General  1
Major generals 5
Brigadier generals 10
Total..
..17
Adjutant Generals.
Brigadier general  1
Colonels 2
Lieutenant colonels  4
Majors 13
Total 20
Inspector Generals.
Colonels    4
Lieutenant colonels    2
Majors 3
Total 9
-Jud'je Advocate General,
Brigadier general  1
Colonels  1
Majors  9
Total     11
Signal Officer.
Colonel.
Chief of Staff of General of the Army.
Brigadier general  1
Quartermaster's Department.
Brigadier general  1
Colonels 6
Lieutenant colonels 10
Majors 15
Captains 44
Total . .
76
Mil it a ry Storekeepers.
Military storekeepers 10
Subsistence Department.
Brigadier general  1
Colonels  2
Lieutenant colonels   2
Majors 8
Captains 16
Total..
.29
Medical Department.
Brigadier general  1
Colonel  1
Lioutcnant colonels  5
Majors 60
Captains 71
First lieutenants  36
Total   174
Medical Storekeepers.
Medical storekeepers   4
P*y Department.
Brigadier general   1
Colonels...,      2
Lieutenant colonels   2
Majors     §9
Total 64
Corps of Engineers.
Brigadier general    1
Colonels    9
Lieutenant colonels     12
Majors   24
Captains 30
First lieutenant ..  26
Second lieutenants    8
Total   167
Ordnance Department.
Brigadier general  1
Colonels  3
Lieutenant colonels 4
Majors   .   ...10
Captains 20
First lieutenants 16
Second lieutenants   ,   10
Total 64
Military Storekeepers.
Military storekeepers 35
Recapitulation.
Generals  17
Aids 43
Adjutant generals  20
Inspector generals  9
Judge advocate generals  11
Signal officer    1
Chief of staff  1
Quartermasters 76
Military storekeepers 31
Commissaries of subsistence ;  29
Medical department 174
Medical storekeepers  4
Pay department 64
Corps of engineers 107
Ordnance department  64
Total     631
or one staff or general officer to each thirty-eight
men in an Army of twenty-five thousand men.
So that we have a total of 615 officers, or one
general officer to every 38 men in an army of
25,000 men. That is independent of the line
officers—colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors,
captains, and lieutenants, which amount to
about 2,500 more. Beside these are in addi-
tion 821 contract surgeons, hijjed for the Army,
and 459 hospital stewards, at a salary of thirty
dollars per month, at a cost of §165,240, and
thirty chaplains.
These figures may be summed up in these
words : we have now 60 regiments amounting
in the aggregate to 39,000 men, making about
650 men to a regiment, giving 33 line officers
to a regiment; one general officer for every 20
men. Adding staff officers to the general offi-
cers, we have an officer to every 15 men ; add-
ing the 331 contract surgeons, we have an
officer to every 12 men. And we have the
singular spectacle of an officer of the medical
staff to every 76 men. As there should not be
more than about one or two sick men to every
76, we have about one medical officer to every
sick man. If we suppose the Army reduced,
as proposed, to 25,000 men, we have a medical
officer, either active or retired, to every 48men ;
and a staff or general officer, active or retired,
to every 38 men. Adding the regimental offi-
cers, we have of officers, either active or retired,
2,968, or one to every 28 men, not including
30 chaplains and 450 hospital stewards at $30
a month beside rations, at an aggregate expense
of more than $165,204 for pay only. Thus we
have a medical department costing for pay
alone $936,573 84. In other words, for an
Army of 39,000 it costs $25 a man to pay the.
doctor's bill, saying nothing of the medicine
and the hospital stores, rations, and accom-
modations. And these figures cannot be suc-
cessfully disputed.
Alarmed at their numbers I looked to see
what was the cost of paying these officers, and
I found it to be most enormous. I desire every
gentleman to follow me with care, because I
hope to do no injustice to the officers or men
of the Army. i hold in my hand a table show-
