1869.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
the labyrinth of financial difficulty that sur-
rounds us.
Economy I Sir, economy has been the cry
of ali ephemeral reformers. In New York
every few years, as my honorable friend before
me [Mr. Morgan] well know3, they get a re-
form candidate for mayor, and he costs double
what the unreformed candidate does. [Laugh-
t er. ] Reform! Thieves cry' reform'' and ' 'stop
thief;" but the true imputation is wafted upon
110 such wings of spasmodic reform. Sir, tell
me not that in this blaze of the nineteenth cen-
tury we are to dry up the fountains of informa-
tion from which the millions drink on a cry of
economy. Take from the lamb its nutriment
and it dies; take from the maturity of years its
nourishment and it dwindles and dies. Why,
sir, I can live for two cents a day for a year;
but I should be dead at the end of the time.
[Laughter.] Perhaps that would be economy;
but I think not. It is the man who eats the fall
meal, who retains the full vigor of his strength,
who preserves his system by taking proper nour-
ishment, that is the productive and fruitful
farmer, or mechanic, or lawyer.
There is no economy in dwarfing the nation
into a pigmy's size and intelligence. Sir, how
often do we hear Senators complain of the
unfairness of the Associated Press ? I never
complain, because I do not care what they say.
I never make any controversies with newspa-
pers, because they can beat me at that. They
speak to ten thousand a day and I only to one
thousand, and they hold over me. And how
often has it been the case here that Senators
have risen in their places and complained of
the unfairness of the Associated Press? Sir,
what is the test by which we are willing to be
judged? My friend who sits yonder making
scrawls that I do not understand will give it to
you to-morrow in the Globe. That is the stand-
ard of truth. It is verbatim et literatim. That
is the shield of the honest representative against
the misrepresentations, if they be so, of the
Associated Press. He holds up the columns of
the Globe as his answer; he holds it up before
his constituents. Now, sir, I cannot carry it
to all my constituents, but the mails do. Every
mail is freighted with this intelligence. Our
constituents read it and try their represent-
atives by that standard. I am willing to be
tried by thatstandard, and I eutertain no doubt
that my honorable friend from New York is
willing to be tried by it, and so is my more
eloquent friend from Minnesota. There is a
universal willingness to be tried by it. Let us
all be tried by the standard of truth.
I should think that the very path-light of this
earth was blotted out if the franking privilege
was stopped, and darkness not unlike the dark-
ness that pervaded on another occasion would
shadow the earth. I am. surprised that the
proposition should, be urged on the Senate of
the United States. If the wisdom or the folly
of this Congress shall abolish the franking priv-
ilege, allow me to tell you in a spirit of pro-
phecy that the next Congress will reinstate it.
Who would keep the coming inaugural from
the thirsting millions on all the borders of this
mighty continent ? They are beginning to diet
for it now, [laughter;] and who would keep
them from the feast for which they long ? My
honorable friend from Minnesota does not want
them to know what it is; he is not for sending
it through the mail.
Sir, 1 know that this is an unequal contest.
I know that most of the Senators here are able
to pay postage. I am not. I wish 1 was, be-
cause I should feel as though it was my duty
to pay it in order to send this intelligence to
my constituents. I hope, sincerely hope, that
this spasmodic effort at economy will not be,
successful. How much is it going to econ-
omize, 1 should like to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota?
Mr. RAMSEY. About three million dol-
lars per annum.
Mr. NYE. And for the paltry sum of
§3,000,000 per annum you .would dwarf the
intelligence of countless and coming millions
of people! Sir, I never weighed in the bal- •
atice a dollar against the universal intelligence
of the people. Whenever the time comes that
we do that this country is doomed. I would
ratheradd §3,000,000, and make the uttermost
parts of the earth luminous with the intelligence
that radiates from here, than, for the paltry
consideration of saving that amount, cut it off.
Now, Mr. President, perhaps I ought to
apologize to the Senate for having detained
them so long. It is a subject on which I have
thought much and upon which I feel much. I
should be grieved beyond description to see in
this spasm of economy the source of the foun-
tains of intelligence dried up and cut off from
the thirsting millions of this country.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of attempting any reply to the
interesting remarks of my honorable friend
from Nevada. I should as soon think of try-
ing to dance to a medley compounded in equal
parts of "Yankee Doodle" and " Old Hun-
dred" as to think of replying to soch an argu-
ment; but I wish to say seriously to the Sena-
tor from Nevada and to the Senate, that I
think we can abolish the franking privilege
with great gain to all interests in the country,
and with loss to no interest. Those Senators
are mistaken who suppose that abolishing the
flanking privilege will dry up any sources of
intelligence, or crush out any of the means of
intelligence. The Globe will undoubtedly still
be printed, will still be circulated, and so will
the reports of the Agricultural Department,
and so will all the documents which are now
published annually by the order of Congress.
They will be printed and they will be distrib-
uted, and the people will have the advantage
of them ; but they will be distributed through
the mails as they are now, and they will go to
certain points fixed by law, as I said before.
There will be collections of them, complete sets
collected, one in each county, or two or more
in eaeh county, according to the number that
the Legislature see fit and wise to order printed.
There will be these collections of the records
of your Government open to the examination
and inspection of the whole municipality.
They will be complete sets—not broken sets
as you find them now, a volume in the hands
of one man and a volume in the hands of an-
other, so that they are practically of no value;
but complete sets, full sets of these records
would be of great value. I say these docu-
ments would be of infinitely more value to the
public if distributed in that way than they are
while distributed by ourselves. I think the
Government would save something, because
when once these documents are distributed in
that way there would not be so many of them
published as there are now; so that both the
printing by Congress and the carrying through
the mails would be less expensive than at this
time.
But now. Mr. President, I am bound to con-
fess, as an honest man, that the strongest rea-
son why I favor the abolition of the franking
privilege is for the gain it would be to me. It
would relieve me from a labor that I cannot
discharge and discharge the other labors which
belong to a Representative of -a State. If any
Senator has found theright to frank documents
and letters and papers to be a privilege his
experience has been very different from mine.
I have found it a very grave labor, which, if I
could have it done for me at a good round sum
of money, I would not hesitate to do; so that
I do not pretend, as the Senator from Nevada
seems to think, to be purely a patriot in favor-
ing this measure. I think it is as great a sav-
ing to me as it is to the public, but I think it is
a vast saving to everybody and a loss to nobody.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. What is the amount of tons of
printed matter passing within the last year
through the post office in-this city ? j
Mr. HOWE. I have no idea.
Mr. NYE. I can inform the Senator. -j
Mr. RAMSEY. I can give the figures. _ \
Mr. NYB. it was seven hundred and six- I
teen tons, and the whole postage on that amount
of matter at the rate of newspaper postage
would not amount to over $70,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. What part of it was paid
matter ?
Mr. NYE. I do not know.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not one tenth part.
Mr. NYE. Seven hundred and sixteen tons
was the amount.
Mr. RAMSEY. But your mails were loaded
down with this matter.
Mr. HOWE. I have not examined the
figures.
Mr. NYE. The newspaper postage on all
the printed matter sent out from the Washing-
ton post ofBce last year would amount to less
than seventy thousand dollars.
Mr. HOWE. I have not gone into these
figures. I am trying to explain to the Senate
that I am endeavoring to relieve myself of a
burden as much as I am the public; and I
think it would relieve the public from some
burdens, and rue from a good deal, and the
public would get all the intelligence they get
now, and the Globe would still circulate.
Mr. NYE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
that this matter was diseussed some years ago
in the Senate by our venerated friend, Mr.
Collamer; and he said then what the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin says, thatit would
be a relief to the Senators, but he said it was
a relief that they had no right to seek.
Mr. HOWE. I take upon myself the right
to seek this relief, for, at the same time, I in-
sist upon it that it would save the Government
somd expense. I think I have "a right to ask
of the honorable Senator from Nevada that he
should not occupy both sides of this question.
In the early part of the evening he held us up
to ridicule as being insincere and uncandid,
affecting to be in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege, whereas we in fact were
not, as he argued; and he went to the extent of
asserting that until this evening no man had
ever honestly advocated the abolition of the
franking privilege. When I tell the Senator
that I do advocate the abolition of the franking
privilege, both as a burden upon me and as a
burden upon the public, then he concedes that
it is a burden upon me, but he says it is a bur-
den that I am bound to bear and have no right
to shrink from. I do not think that is a candid
way of arguing this matter. He should stand
upon one side or the other of the question, and
stand there all the time.
Those who are most familiar with the postal
system say that it will relieve the mails of a
considerable burden. Everybody who is ac-
quainted with the printing must concede that it
wonld save the Government from a large item
in the cost of printing. It would relieve lis
from what the Senator from Nevada now con-
cedes is a great labor; and, as I said before,
just as much intelligence would go to the pub-
lic if the privilege was abolished as goes to it
now. All the loss there would be to anybody .
would be to those individuals who now corres-
pond with members of Congress. When that
privilege is taken away they will have to pay
postage on their letters, and we shall have to
pay postage on our replies; but every Senator
must agree that he would rather pay the post-
age of the letters he writes than to have the
privilege of franking those letters accompanied
by the duty of franking this immense amount
of public matter which is sent through the mail.
There is no hardship upon your constituent or
mine who has to write to me or you in having
to pay three cents postage on his letter. He
has no natural right, and should have no legal
right, to impose the eost of that upon the great
body of the community; be should pay it him-
self ; he gets the advantage of it. It is in this
light that I hope to see this House and the
other agree to the proposition to abolish the
franking privilege."
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Senate have
done a very proper-thing in accepting the le-
gislation of the House of Representatives in
regard to the fae simile stamps. I think that
after having l>seen" them we ought to go
