1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
•the bill. Whenever we havo_ a report that
convinces me that a ease of this sort is just I
think I shall be as just as the gentleman from
Minnesota or the gentleman from New York.
Mr. RAMSEY. I- will say this: there is
full and 'complete testimony there of- all the
facts that are "involved, in-the case.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. It has been misplaced in
some way or other. But I am willing that this
bill may be passed over informally,_ as there
are two or three small bills that I desire to call
up, and we can see whether the testimony is
mbre complete in these cases. I ask the Sen-
ate to pass this bill by informally.
Mr. GRIMES. You do not propose to call
it up again to-night ?
: Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be passed over.
HENRY S. GIBBONS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now move to take up for
consideration House joint resolution No. 211.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 211) for the relief of Henry
8. Gibbons, late postmaster at St. John's, Mich-
igan, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes and requires the Post-
master General, in settling the accounts of
Henry S. Gibbons, late postmaster at St.
John's, Michigan, to allow him a sum not ex-
ceeding $500 as indemnification 'for a like
amount belonging to the post olfico fund and
stolen from him by burglars, and which amount
has been paid to the United Slates by Gibbons.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution with an
amendment, to add the following proviso:
Provided. Tt shall bo proven satisfactorily to the
Postmaster General that funds belonging to the Post
Office Department to the amount of $601) wero stolen
by burglars, anil that said Gibbons w.\s not guilty of
neglect in tiie custody tlieroof.
Mr. CORBETT. I think this is a very sim-
ilar case to the other; and I would rather trust
to Congress or my friend from Minnesota to
examine it than to the Post Office Department.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume the Clerk lias
all the evidence iu this case at hand. I ask
him to road the report of tho committee of the
House.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Tlio Committee on Post Offices and Post Eoads. to
whom was referred the joint i evolution (It. II. No.
211) for tho rollffof Henry 0. Clibbons, Into postmaster
at Saint John's, Michigan, report:
"That llenry U. Uibbonswas the postniastor at St.
John's, in tbo State of Michigan, from May 0,1SB1,
until September 17,180ti, faithfully performing the
dunes ot saidoiheo to tho satisfaction of tho public
and the Post Olliuo Department; that required by
Department, regulations tolioop the accruing funds
of tho office subject at-a! I times to tho drafts of tho
Department, it became bis duty, under said liability,
to hold all such funds in llis own hands, subject ut. nil
times to the Older of tho Department; that on tho
night ol tho 11th of .June, J86(5, his house was bur-
glariously onteied and j?fH)l) of inonoy bolonsins? to
the Department was stolen together with other lunds
of bis own; that ho iramodia.teiy olTerod a suitable
reward for tho recovory of tho stolen goods, and a
reward was also offered for tho arrest of the burglar,
but with no success. It appears that the amount
thus stolen has been paid l>y said Gibbons to tho De-
partment, and due diligence badbeen employed by
liim for the arrest of tho_ burglar and the recovery
of tho stolen money; and it further appearing by bis
official conduct and tho tcstimonyofinllucntiuloiti-
Kens that said Gibbons has been an honest, caiefill,
and efficient officer, and tho caso being commended
favorably by il letter of the Postmaster General, your
committee unanimously i eeommend foi bis relief the
adoption of the joint resolution as referred and
amended."
Mr. CORBETT. I shall have to oppose this
bill. I do not think there is any satisfactory
proof in that report-
Mr. RAMSEY. Usuallythccommitteejudge
of the proof. They do not present it all to the
Senate or to each House. There is a letter
from the Postmaster General in the papers,
which 1 ask may be read.
'J he Chief Clerk read as follows:
POST OFFICK DuputTJinvT,
tV .ISHISGTOX, I). 0„ February ly. 1808.
Sir : I hare the honor tn return herewith the peti-
tion of Henry &. Uibnons, tormerly postmaster at St.
John's, Michigan, pr.iying relief for loss of post office
funds stolen by burglars, and the accompanying cer-
tificate of citizens cognizant of the facts, with tho
opinion that the Department is powerless to afford
the relief asked for, under the opinion of a former
Attorney General, which is as follows:
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no occasion to read
that. Read the last of the letter.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Upon a careful examination of the papers in the
caso I am free to say, however, that the matter may,
in my opinion, in all equity receive the favorable
consideration of Congress, where alone is vested the
power of granting the prayer of the petitioner.
Hon. John F. Deiggs, House of Representatives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. How much is
the claim?
Mr. RAMSEY. Five hundred dollars.
Mr. CORBETT. The Postmaster General
leaves it to Congress to examine ; and 1 sup-
pose the Senate will vote for it if they think
that is Sufficient proof.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let the Senator hear the
amendment of the committee read again, and
probably he will be more contented with the
bill.
The cnief Clerk. The amendment is to
add the following proviso:
Provided, It shall be proven satisfactorily to the
Postmaster (general that funds belonging to the
Post Offico Department to tho amount of $500 were
stolen by burglars, and that said Gibbons was not
guilty of negleofc in the custody thereof.
Mr. CORBETT. I must say that I am not
satisfied with such a bill as this. I shall be
obliged to vote against it, and to call for the
yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator from Minnesota that he had better lay
this hill aside.
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably no division will
be called on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the Senator from Oregon to say he will call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CORBETT. I shall feel obliged to call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I will ask that it be
laid aside informally, and that we proceed to
the next bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside if there be no objection.
EDWIN B. HOAQ.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I move to take up
House bill No. 281.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief
of Edwin B. Hoag. It authorizes the Post-
master General to pay to Edwin B. Hoag, in
addition to what ho is nowreceiving, such sum
or sums as shall make the payment for carrying
the mails on route No. 1141)4 equal to the sum
of $.TJG per annum for all the time lie has or
shall convey the mails on the route under the
existing contract.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Clerk to read the
papers in this case. They are very full.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume there is no
objection to this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the case of a contract.
Mr. POMEROY. Nobody calls for the
reading of tho papers.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Minne-
sota can state what it is. Probably it is all
right.
Mr. RAMSEY. Senators are calling for the
reading of everything.
Mr. CORBETT. This is a different measure
entirely.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will state what this case
is. A parly in the State of Illinois bids upon
two routes, for instance No. 410 and No. 411.
No. 410 is a daily line, and No. 411 is a semi-
weekly line. He bids, $010 I think was the
sum, for the daily service, and $800 for the
semi-weekly service; numbers them properly,
the large sum for the daily, and the small sum
for the semi-weekly service; but describes them
at the beginning and the end of the route the
same. Of course they reject the higher bid,
but assign him the lower bid. He bid upon
both routes, but made this mistake. He was
called upon by the Department to enter into
bond and he did so, and he executed his con-
tract—there was no getting oat of it—at the
lower sum. Now, it so happens that the next
highest bid than his on this daily route was
eighty dollars higher. He alleges that tbis was
a mistake; that the Department ought not to
have assigned him this bid or to have held him
to that contract; and they finally agreed to
give him the amount which the next highest
bid would have yielded. That is all there is
in it.
Mr. CORBETT. That is eighty dollars
additional.
Mr. RAMSEY. Eighty dollars a year more.
It is evidently a mistake. The committee had
no doubt about it. The House of Represent-
atives had no doubt that he made a mistake,
and they give him this eighty dollars more.
Instead of $600 he does the work for $300.
The next highest bid was eighty dollars more.
Mr. CORBETT. Above the $300 ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Above the $300; and they
give him $380. That is all there is in the case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PUBLICATION or POSTAL CONVENTIONS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 120.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 120)
in regard to the publication of postal conven-
tions made with foreign countries. It directs
the Secretary of State to cause the several
postal conventions made with foreign coun-
tries, under the provisions of the act of March
3,1851, or which may hereafter be made, to be
published in the same manner and upon the
same terms as is prescribed for the publication
of the treaties and laws of the United States.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is simply to get the
postal conventions with foreign countries into
the published volume of laws, which is not
usually done unless we require it in this way.
They are getting to be so important that they
ought to be accessible to every one.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY. I had intended to call up
the steamship bill to-night, but I see the Senate
is so thin that it would be impossible to make
any progress if I attempted to do it, and I had
better let it pass. There is some business,
however, from which I wish to have the com-
mittee discharged, and I may as well do it now
as at any other time. I am directed by tho
Committee on Post Offices and Post lioads to
report back the following bills, and to move
that they be indefinitely postponed:
A bill (S. No. 3,30) for the relief of Messrs.
Gelatt & Moore;
A bill (S. No. 393) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge over the Mississippi river,
in Madison county, State of Illinois ;
A bill (S. No. 027) to encourage and facili-
tate telegraphic communication with Europe ;
A bill (S. No. C68) to provide for the erec-
tion of a building for a post office and the
United States courts in the city of New York ;
A bill (S. No. 239) to amend an act entitled
"An act to change the organization of the
Post Office Department, and to provide more
effectually for the settlement of the accounts
thereof," approved July 2, 1836, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 384) to authorize the
building of a railroad bridge across the Ohio
river at Paducah, Kentucky.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 917) to authorize Jatnes Gallaher and
his associates to construct and maintain a
bridge across the Missouri river at the Three
Forks of the same, to report it back and ask
that it be indefinitely postponed.
