410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
dian tribes hold their lands, but for the gale
of the fee of the land. The treaty provided
that it should be sold to two classes of persons.
The first class was the white people then liv-
ing on the reservation, so called ; not that
those white men had any right to go on to this
tract of land any more than they would have
had to go on to a tract of land owned by you,
Mr. President, and held by a title in fee simple.
They were naked trespassers; nevertheless
the treaty provided that they should have the
prior right to buy their homes at the appraised
value of the land separate from the value of
their improvements. There were about twelve
hundred of these claimants, each having the
right under the treaty to purchase one hun-
dred and sixty acres, making in the aggre-
gate nearly two hundred thousand acres. The
residue, the treaty directed, should be sold to
the highest bidder, but not for less on an
average than $1 25 an acre; or it might be
sold in a body "for cash to a responsible party
or parties" for a price not less than one dollar
an acre.
Exercising this discretion thus conferred, I
sold this part of these lands in gross for
"cash," at one dollar an acre, this being the
highest price offered, and in my opinion their
full value.
The Attorney General did afterward write
an official letter, at the request of my successor,
advancing the opinion that the treaty required
the whole of the price to be paid in hand at
the time of the sale. In relation to this opin-
ion I have hut a word to say. The treaty said,
as I have quoted, that the land should be sold
for cash to a responsible party or parties for
not less than one dollar an acre. The Attorney
General did hold that that meant cash in hand.
Having been privy to the negotiation of the
treaty, I knew that it did not mean any such
thing as understood by both of the contracting
parties, as understood by the Indians them-
selves and by the Department. And these
Indians are not savages. They are civilized
people. Their chief at that time was John
lioss, a man who, measured by his talents,
would not have disgraced a seat in this body,
or in any other deliberative assembly. Their
leading men are men of marked ability, of fine
culture, who understand their rights as fully
at least as the average of white men. They
desired the term ''cash" to be put into the
treaty, not to prevent a time sale, but to pre-
vent a sale of the land for certified Indian
indebtedness. There was outstanding a large
amount of Indian scrip, so called, in the nature
o! a county order, which will be understood by
my brother Senators who hail from western
States. To prevent ihe purchase of this land
by the use of depreciated Indian scrip or evi-
dences of indebtedness of the tribe they desired
to have it stipulated that the land should be
sold only for cash; and that, you will perceive,
is in harmony with the added phrase, 11 to a
responsible party or parties." Why examine
into the responsibility of the purchaser if he
paid down in lawful money for the thing sold?
Whether the Attorney General was right in his
construction or not is not material to my pur-
pose here to-day. He was wrong as to the
understanding of both contracting parties, the
officer who represented the Government of the
United States and the delegates who repre-
sented the Cherokee nation of Indians. The
contract was made in strict pursuance of the
understanding of the treaty had by both con-
tracting parties at the time the treaty was
negotiated.
But it is said, or intimated, that these lands
were worth vastly more than the amount they
were sold for. There could be no other cause
of complaint. The treaty provided for the
sale, and if there was a technical legal error
committed by the organ of the Government in
making a contract that fact alone would not
be evidence of either error of judgment as to
the value of the land or of moral turpitude.
The question is not as to the legal construc-
tion of the treaty, but as to the honest, dispo-
sition made of the property which was its sub- '
jeet. The inference suggested by these news-
paper critics is that the lands were worth
vastly more, and that the Secretary did or
ought to have known it. Now, I happen to
know personally that they were not. I adopted
the means of knowing that the refuse lands,
after taking out the lands selected by the set-
tlers. were not worth more. Here were eight
hundred thousand acres of land in Kansas, of
which two hundred thousand acres were se-
lected by the settlers themselves, these two
hundred thousand acres of land embracing
every stick of standing timber on the whole
tract, and every visible outcropping of rock or
coal, and every mill-site or desirable valley.
The residue of the land could not be in that
country, at that time, worth more than one
dollar an acre, taken in the aggregate. I know
this because there was land at the time being
offered for sale in the immediate vicinity of
this tract at eighty cents an acre. I knew it,
moreover, because college scrip was then sell-
ing at from sixty to eighty cents an acre, sub-
ject to location in detail on what Thomas H.
Benton used to call "the ears and eyes and
heart of the public domain." And when a man
could buy scrip and with it purchase the best
of the land picked out in detail for that price,
I knew that the refuse of a tract of land in
Kansas could not be worth more than a dollar
an acre in the aggregate.
But with the charge against me on that sub-
ject is coupled one against my successor in the
Department of the Interior, Mr. Browning. It
is not my province to defend him. He needs
no defense, 1 apprehend, as far at least as this
transaction is concerned. That is my judgment.
Deeming the contract not binding, he advertised
for a bidder for these lands, as he says, for a
number of months in the leading journals of
the country, and he obtained not one bid at a
greater price and only one bid at a dollar an
acre, and lie contracted the land to that bidder.
He, however, had additional evidence on this
subject. He had sentout appraisers under the
provisions of the treaty, he appointing one and
the Indian tribe appointing another. The In-
dians appointed Colonel Philips, formerly, I
believe, a writer for the New York Tribune,
and for a long time during the recent war in
command of the military district including the
Indian territory. The Indians knowing him
personally, and confiding in him, selected him
as their representative to sit in judgment on the
value of this land. The Secretary of the In-
terior appointed another, whose name I have
never known. These two gentlemen went to
the territory and examined the land in detail,
section by section, and reported the adjudged
value of each tract. The average value placed
on it by these commissioners under oath was
"SI 28^ per acre." And Secretary Browning
says, in an official report made to Congress,
that he deemed it for the interests of the In-
dians to sell the whole in one sale for a dollar
an acre rather than to sell it in detail—in
dribblets—for a few cents more per acre.
He thought it would be worth more to them
in the end to be sold in a body for a sum of
money certain than to permit it to be eaten up
by the expenses which must necessarily accrue
from a sale in detail. But although this land
was sold to Joy according to Mr. Browning's
idea of the meaning of the treaty " for cash" in
hand, his sale proved to be merely theoretic-
ally "cash in hand." Not one dollar was in
fact paid down. The matter ran along for more
than a year without a dollar of money being
paid; and the Indians expecting the interest at
least, but receivingneitherinterestnor principal
and being in need of funds, sent their delegates
to Washington to attempt to arrange it. Learn-
ing the condition of this business, and being
satisfied with the first sale made by me—pre-
ferring it to the second sale made by my suc-
cessor—they requested the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to take such steps as might be
necessary to ratify it. In order to carry their
wishes into effect, a supplemental treaty was
made, ratifying the first sale. That treaty was
scut io ihe President by the Secretary of the
Interior, and after receiving his approval, was
submitted to the Senate and ratified by a nearly
unanimous vote. If I remember correctly there
were but three votes in the negative. Thus
the sale made by me, denounced in such un-
measured terms, was ultimately approved by
the Indians, by the new Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, by my successor, Mr. Browning,
by the President, and by the United States
Senate. I need only add on this point what I
said in relation to the extension of the Burling-
ton and Missouri River railroad grant, that [
had not at the time, have not now, never had
and never expect to have, one cent's worth of
interest in the subject-matter of the treaty.
The next and only other paragraph to which
I shall call attention is the one referring to the
Sioux City branch of the Union Pacific railroad,
although I never had any personal connection
with this transaction.
This writer charges that the company organ-
ized to construct the Sioux City branch of the
Pacific railroad have violated the plain provis-
ions of the law. He says that the law provided
that a road should be built from Sioux City
directly across Nebraska, in a southwestern'
direction, to some point on the Union Pacific
railroad in the Valley of t,he Platte, which
point of proposed junction, he says, is ninety-
six miles from Sioux City; that instead of build-
ing on this line they made a detour and went
down the valley of the Missouri river in Iowa
for some sixty-eight miles, and then diverged
across the river and connected with ihe Omaha
branch of the Pacific railroad at Fremont,
thirty miles from the borders of Iowa, making
in the aggregate, if the figures are stated cor-
rectly, ninety-eight miles. Now, notice the
absurdity of this gigantic swindle that this gen-
tleman thinks he has discovered, which has
been thrown broadcast all over the country by
the Cincinnati Gazette and copicd with an
implied indorsement by the New fork Tribune
and sent out to its two or three hundred thou-
sand readers. The direct line, the writer says,
on which the road ought to have been built was
ninety-six miles long, and they made a detour
requiring the construction of a road ninety-
eight miles long—two miles longer than, as he
thinks, the law contemplated. This must have
involved a terrible swindle!
I have nothing to say as to the propriety of
the location of that branch of the road. I
am of the impression that it would have been
better for my State, at least the northern end
of my Stale, and for the people of Minnesota
and the northern part of Wisconsin if the road
had been built diagonally across Nebraska,
provided an available railroad line could have
been secured. I think it would have been
better for our part of the country had that been
done ; but the question is a question of swin-
dling the Government of the United States.
Now, what are the facts? The law. a copy
of which I have in my hand, provides that this
company may build a railroad from Sioux City
across Nebraska so as to connect with the
Union Pacific railroad at or east of the one
hundredth meridian. If any one will take the
trouble to look at a land oflice map, a seetion-
ized map, he will perceive that the one hun-
dredth meridian is thirty-four or thirty-five
ranges, to use the language of the land office,
west of Sioux City. The ranges are about six
miles apart. Sioux City is also about sixteen
townships north of the point on the one hun-
dredth meridian where the Union Pacific rail-
road crosses it; so that the road might have
been built, in conformity with the provisions
of the act so as to become the hypothenuse of
this triangle, one side of which would be a
little over two hundred miles long, and the
other side a little less than one hundred miles.
Any boy with his pencil can calculate how long
it must have been, if constructed on this line—
at least two hundred and twenty-four or two
hundred and twenty-five miles—and estimating
the necessary curvatures in order to secure an
eligible track over a rough country it would
probably have been two hundred and fifty
miles in length.
