1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
If this company were really prompted by a
desire to swindle the Government by securing
subsidies in bonds and land, and not by a
desire to secure the public interests, why, pray,
did they notadopt the longer route, which would
have given a direct connection with several
railroad lines across Nebraska, Iowa, and
Wisconsin, and with the Union Pacific rail-
road trunk line? They would thereby have
secured just $4,000,000 of bonds and one mil-
lion six hundred thousand acres of land.
By adopting the shorter line, but about one
hundred miles in length, they received but
$1,600,000 in bonds and nominally six hundred
and forty thousand acres of land. For it will
be observed that the grant of land to this com-
pany is five sections of land on each side of this
line, and not ten, as alleged by this writer, giv-
ing nominally six thousand four hundred acres
to the mile, and on one hundred miles six hun-
dred and forty thousand acres, and not one
million two hundred and eighty thousand acres,
as he states. I ought to add that this short
line runs a part of the way down the valley of
the Missouri river through the settled parts of
Iowa. And the greater part of the valley of
the stream had previously been conveyed to
the State of Iowa under the swamp-land grant.
Two other and prior railroad grants lie directly
across the track of this branch road, with the
right to take the lands in one case for fifteen,
and in the other, I believe, for twenty miles
Oil each side, thus absorbing all the land for
the whole length of that part of this road lying
in the State of Iowa; so it is not probable that
on this short line they will be abie to secure
lands to the amount; of even one hundred thou-
sand acres.
But, nevertheless, the route being more eli-
gible, they adopted a short line, on which they
receive but very little land and only $1,600,000
in bonds, when if they had been prompted by
this greed of gain, with a desire to secure a
large amount of subsidy, and not by their opin-
ions of utility, and had built the road directly
across Nebraska to the one hundredth merid-
ian, which they had the right to do under the
law, they would have received $4,000,000 in
subsidy bonds, and one million six hundred
thousand acres of land.
Mr. President, I shall not follow this article
in detail. I have said enough to show that it
is a tissue of falsehoods, interspersed with some
disconnected truths, from beginning to end.
Now, Mr. President, I conclude with a sug-
gestion of the motives which may have prompted
the introduction of this extraordinary paper
and its publication in journals of the character
of the Cincinnati Gazette and the New York
Tribune.
This could nothave been prompted by malice
toward me personally. No one of these gen-
tlemen has ever had cause of grief on my ac-
count. I have never laid a straw in the path-
wav of any one of them. I have never treated
them except, in my humble way, with the ut-
most kindness. They could not, therefore,
have been prompted by personal grievances
growing out of anything I have ever said or
done, and yet they must have had a motive.
And I must be pardoned for doubting that
they were prompted solely by a desire to cor-
rect an existing evil and to promote the public
welfare; for gentlemen impelled by such
high and noble purposes are usually careful to
know first that- wrongs really exist before open-
in<* their batteries ; they do not usually fire at
random and in the dark; they generally are
careful about the facts. But m this case, it
they had taken the trouble to open the statute-
hooks and to look at the public records, they
could not have failed to know that^their alle-
gations were m
the main untruthful and con-
sequently slanderous. I am. therefore, com-
pelled to conclude that they may have been
ni celled by the one or the other ot two following
motives: therearepeoplehangingaround vv ash-
ineton writing for newspapers, styling them
selves correspondents, and occupying seats sn
that gallery by the courtesy of the senate, who,
when they are unable to hire themselves to
advocate measures involving appropriations
from the public Treasury, endeavor to teach
the parties in interest their importance by de-
nunciation and abuse. If they cannot be hired
on the one side they endeavor to sell to the
other. They make the effort to levy black-
mail on all the approaches to the Treasury.
Citizens of the United States coming here on
public business, however meritorious their
claims may be, are' given to understand by these
lazzaroni of the American press that nothing
can be done until they receive their douceur;
that they must have their levies paid before
they will permit anything to go through either
branch of Congress, and too frequently succeed
in deluding those who are not conversant with
the personal integrity of the members of this
and the other branch of Congress to believe in
the existence of their power, and 1 fear some-
times succeed in collecting their illegal and
demoralizing fees.
Those who, being better informed, refuse to
pay these unrighteous demands are compelled
to suffer defamation. For example, railroad
companies refuse to hire this class of corre-
spondents. They must be brought to terms.
Their enterprises must be denounced, the char-
acter of the companies must be assailed, the
public indignation must be aroused, and the
known friends of this class ot public improve-
ments, in either branch of Congress, must be
inflicted with their calumny, not out of feel-
ings of personal malice, but to weaken their
influence; because they have votes and voices
that may be used in support of such public
measures. I, however humble, must be made
the target for these slanders because I am a
declared friend of a judicious use of public
lauds, and, where necessary, the public credit,
to stimulate this class of public improvements
and to secure the more rapid development of
that part of our great country from which I
hail. In this case the motive prompting this
slander is probably only to weaken my influ-
ence both here in this Chamber and before my
countrymen. And yet there may be a deeper
reason, an ulterior purpose, prompting denun-
ciation of such measures and such Senators
and members. It has been thought by some
that the construction of the Union Pacific rail-
road across the continent will open up a cliau-
nel of trade that will change the current of the
commerce of the world ; that instead of going
round the capes of South America and Africa
the trade of Europe and Asia will be carried
on directly across the Atlantic and Pacific, and
by railroad across the American continent. If
this fond anticipation should be realized and
I am inclined to think it will be to a very large
extent—then the monopoly of the carrying
trade across the continent on a single railroad
line would be one of such gigantic proportions
as to be without parallel in theworld's history.
There may be those connected with this rail-
road enterprise who do not desire the construc-
tion of a rival line. If the eastern division of
the Union Pacific railroad, so called, the Kan-
sas branch, should ultimately be extended
across Kansas, New Mexico, aud Arizona to
the Pacific, and another road from the western
point of Lake Superior across the State of
Minnesota and the undeveloped Territories of
Dakota, Montana, Idaho, and Washington,
to the Pacific ocean, there would be two par-
allel and rival lines to the Union Pacific rail-
road. I was a friend of the Union Pacific
railroad, and did what I could to secure the
passage of the bills which I thought would be
efficient in stimulating its rapid construction.
But 1 do not wish, that it shall remain forever
the only line of transit across this continent.
Sir, i am in favor of the construction of
parallel roads just so rapidly as the financial
condition of this country will permit. 1 desire
this not on my own account individually, i
desire it as a representative in part of one ot
the States of the Union, aud as a constitutional
representative of the whole country. I am no
willing that one company shall have the right,
without a rival, without fair competition, to
tax the commerce of this nation, and possibly
a large part of the commerce of the world. It
may be that some members of that company,
having the sagacity to perceive the vast import-
ance of such a monopoly, may have the dispo-
sition to take the necessary steps to secure it.
This possibility is not conclusively negatived
by the fact that this company is sometimes also
made the subject of assault, for its comple-
tion at an early day is now assured. Here you
have motives sufficient to account for these
newspaper harangues. If owners of these great
journals do not entertain such motives, as in
fact I think they do not, they should see to it
that they are not made the blind instruments of
such a work.
I feel now as if I ought to ask the pardon of
the Senate for saying what I have said. I have
said it, as I remarked in the outset, not so
much on my own account, although I am not
careless of my personal reputation, as from
a sense of public duty. It is the duty of the
Senate, as it seems to me, to protect its own
character and to expose these mercenary as-
saults on the integrity of its members.
EVIDENCE IN CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to submit-but a
few remarks on this subject. I shall not ocenpy
the time of the Senate more than ten minutes.
Mr. .CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
Kansas to yield to me for one moment. There
is on the table a very short bill from the House
of Representatives which concerns the privi-
leges of the House, enabling some testimony
to be taken in contested-election cases, or
rather supplying an officer to take testimony.
Time is important. I think it will lead to no
debate, and if it does not, I ask the Senate to
allow it to be taken up and put on its passage.
Mr. POMEllOY. If the Senate will do that
bv unanimous consent I will not object.
"Mr. CONKLING. I think there will be no
objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the bill indicated by the Sen-
ator from New York will be taken up.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (11. R. No. 1558) to amend an
act entitled " An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in case of contested elec-
tions," approved February 19, 1851. It pro-
poses to authorize the register in bankruptcy
resident in any congressional district the right
to represent which is contested to take the
testimony and to perform any of the other acts
which a judge of any court of the United
States is authorized to do by the third section
of an act entitled ''An act to prescribe the
mode of obtaining evidence in eases of con-
tested elections," approved February 19,1851.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, in line three to
strike out the words "the register in bank-
ruptcy," and to insert " auy commissioner ap-
pointed or hereafter to be appointed by any
circuit court of the United States, with au-
thority to take bail, affidavits, or depositions
in causes pending in the courts of the United
States."
Mr. CONKLING. There was some differ-
ence of opinion in the committee as to the pro-
priety of authorizing registers in bankruptcy to
take this testimony, and therefore this amend-
ment was reported, which was not satisfactory
to the whole committee; and now the entire
committee deem it wise to substitute in lieu of
these officers notaries public. That will create
no additional expense, and there are enough
of them. Therefore, I ask that the amend-
ment of the committee be non-concurred in,
and then I shall move to insert " notaries pub-
lic" in lieu of " registers in bankruptcy." lhat
is satisfactory to the whole committee.
The PilESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment; reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was rejected.
