1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
Mr. STEWART. I would rather pot have
action on that motion now.
Mc. RAMSEY. It is only for this session.
It is dead anyhow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee will be discharged from its farther con-
sideration if there be no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
the following-memorials, resolutions, and peti-
tions, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to:
A memorial of the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of New York on the subject of the
New York post office;
A memorial of Samuel F. Butterworth,
praying to be relieved from payment as secur-
ity for W. G. Kendal, late deputy postmaster
at New Orleans:
A memorial of William C. H. Wad dell, pray-
ing the adoption of a cheaper rate of ocean
postage ;
A memorial of W. C. Stripe and others, and
the city council of Keokuk, Iowa, asjring that
an appropriation of $150,000 be made for the
erection of a building for post office, reve-
nue office, and other Government offices in
Keokuk;
A petition of Oliver Evans Wood, praying
compensation for time and labor devoted to
the improvement of the postal system of the
United States ;
A petition of citizens of Wilmington, North
Carolina, praying an appropriation for the pur-
pose of building a post office in that city;
A resolution of the Legislature of Oregon, in
favor of an appropriation for a military and
post road from the Willamette river along the
southern bank of the Columbia river as far as
Dalles City; and
A resolution instructiing the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads to inquire con-
cerning recent postal treaties with foreign Gov-
ernments.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1738, being the Indian appropriation
bill, with the view of leaving it as the unfinished
business for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 19, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials."
The PRESIDENTpro tempore presented a
petition of citizens of Ohio, praying that women
be granted the right of suffrage; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of the Republican party, held in At-
lanta, Georgia, February 15, 1869, relative to
the political condition of that State; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for such an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States as will
fully acknowledge the obligationsof the Chris-
tian religion ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
W. R. Millan, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed on him by acts of
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Henry D.
Flood, praying the removal of the political dis-
abilities imposed on him by acts of Congress ;
which w«s referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying for suph an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States as will fully
acknowledge the obligations of the Christian
religion; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Hiram B. Dickinson, praying the removal of
the political disabilities imposed on him by
acts of Congress^ which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of J". P. T. Camp, praying to be released from
the payment of internal revenue tax assessed
on certain whisky owned by him on the 7th
day of April, 18G7; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance. .
reports o* committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 873) amendatory of an ,act entitled "An
act to, provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Montana," approved May 26,1864,
reported.it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 831) relating to
the Supreme court of the District of Columbia,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the'bill (S. No. 832) to fixthe sal-
ary of the bailiff of the Court of Claims, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
'Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 737) to incorporate the Central Indian
Railroad Company, in the Indian territory,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. The same eommittee have
had under consideration a number of bills,
resolntions, and memorials relating to various
subjects connected with the Pacific railroad,
and instructed me to report them back and ask
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion, upon the ground mainly that there is no
time during the present session of Congress to
act upon them as they should be acted upon,
and not with a view of prejudicing any of these
bills or resolutions. They are as follows:
A resolution of the Legislature of Kansas,
in favor of granting aid in subsidies to the
Union Pacific railroad, eastern division, via
thirty-fifth parallel to San Francisco ;
A resolution of the Legislature of Kansas,
in favor of granting subsidy to the central
branch of the Union Pacific railway and the
St. Joseph and Denver City railway ;
A resolution of the Legislature of Missouri,
in favor of a continuance of aid to the central
branch of the Union Pacific railroad j
A resolution of the Legislature of Arkansas,
asking aid in the building of a levee and rail-
road bed along the west bank of the Missis-
sippi river;
A memorial of the Memphis, El Paso, and
Pacific Railroad Company, praying a grant of
land and a loan ox United States bonds ;
A bill (S.' No. 72) to secure the speedy con-
struction of the Union Pacific railroad, south-
ern branch, and telegraph line, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 73) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the city of Lawrence, in the State
of Kansas, to the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico, in the direction of
the eity of Guaymas, on the Gulf of Mexico ;
A bill (S. No. 84) to amend an act entitled
"An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," .approved July 1, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 67) to expedite the construc-
tion of the Southern Pacific railroad and tele-
graph line;
A bill (S. No. 187) additional to arn act grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from L«ake Superior to Paget
sound on the Pacific coast by the northernrpute;
A bill (Si No. 305) granting aid i  the oon-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Union Pacific railroad to Idaho, Portland,
Oregon, Montana, and Puget sound j
A bill (S. No. 603) to aid in the construc-
tion of the International Paeifie railroad from
Cairo, Illinois, to the Rio Grande river,, to
authorize the consolidation of certain railroad
companies, and to provide homesteads for tke
laborers on said roads,;
A bill (S. No. 805) to perfect and complete
railroad and telegraph'communication with the
Paeifie oeean; - , <
A bill (S. No. 853) to aid the Memphis, El
Paso, and Pacific Railroad Company, of Texas 
in the construction of a railroad and line of
telegraph from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment of the United States the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 208) extending the time
for the completion of the Dubuque and Sioux
City railroad; • •.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 168) to amend
an act entitled "An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 1, 1862 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 260) to de-
clare the meaning of the acts relating to the
Pacific railroads. , {
The request of the committee to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of these
various matters was agreed to. ,
northern pacific railroad. >
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 458) granting the
consent of Congress provided for in section
ten of the act incorporating the Northern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, approved July 2,1864,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment; and I ask for its consideration ajt
the present time. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole?.
It proposes to give the consent of the Con-
gress of the United States to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds,
and to secure the same by mortgage upon its
railroad and its telegraph line, for the purpose_ot
raising funds with which to construct its rail-
road and telegraph line between Lake Superior
and Puget sound, and also upon its branch to
a point at or near Portland, Oregon ; and the
term " Puget sound," as used here and in the
act incorporating the company, is hereby con-
strued to mean all the waters connected with
the straits of Juan de Fuca within the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. I will take the liberty of"
saying that the occasion of introducing this
joint resolution is that by the present charter
of the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
the company is prohibited from mortgaging
any part of its line or other property for any
purpose whatever. The company is desirous
of having that restriction taken out of its char-
ter so as to enable it to issue bonds in the usual
way in order to raise money to go on with the
work. It is a privilege exercised by all rail-
road corporations, I believe, and I have no
doubt the company will proceed in the prose-
cution of the work if they can be permitted to
attempt to raise money iu this way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor one question in reference to this resolution.
Does the resolution or the original act which
it is intended to amend give to this company
the exclusive right of terminating a railroad
upon the waters designated?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; neither the one
nor the other.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does it simply allow them
to terminate there?
