412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr. CONKLING. I now move to strike out
the words " the register in bankruptcy" and to
insert "notaries public."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It was read the third
time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. By permission of the
Senator from Kansas I desire to make a report
to go on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to inter-
rupt anything that can be done by unanimous
consent. I merely desire to submit some
remarks, occupying perhaps five or ten min-
utes ; but if the Senate desire to do anything
by unanimous consent I am not going to stop
that.
Mr. SHERMAN, (to Mr. Pomeroy.) You
had better go on and finish your remarks.
Mr. GRIMES. Senators can keep their
morning business for five minutes until the
Senator from Kansas gets through.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will not spoil in five
minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to introduce a
couple of bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a report to make,
and 1 insist on proceeding in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas has proposed to give way, and we may as
well get these bills out of our hands.
Mr. POMEROY. If Senators desire by
unanimous consent to have bills and resolu-
tions introduced at this time I am not going
to interpose any objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have a report which I
desire to make, but I think the Senator had
better go on and conclude his remarks.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let the Senator
object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do object. Let things
come up in their order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas will proceed.
Mr. POMEROY. As the Senator from Ohio
objects to the further introduction of morning
business at this time, I will proceed with the
few words that I have to say. The matter that
has been before the Senate this morning would
not have attracted my attention at all except as
it has attracted the attention of the Senate.
But some allusions having been made to me, I
desire to say, as briefly as possible, that the
communication that has been read from Gen-
eral Boyuton, and indorsed apparently by the
New York Tribune, so far as it relates to rail-
roads in my own State, does not set forth the
material facts correctly. Thereare some imma-
terial facts stated correctly ; but it is almost
entirely incorrect in its material facts. With-
out going, as my friend from Iowa did, into
details in reference to every road, I will only
refer to the one to which he referred. Gen-
eral Boynton says that a road there of one hun-
dred miles in length had a subsidy of twelve
thousand eight hundred acres of land to the
reile. The fact is, that although that was the
letter of the law, and the one hundred miles
were built, yet settlers having located upon the
lands the company did not get on many miles
an acre; and if you will go to the Interior
Department you will find that not one acre of
land has as yet been given to that company,
although they have built the road. The same
is true with regard to most of the grants in
that portion of the State where the settlers are.
Every man at all familiar with the West knows
that these grants are made subject to the rights
of homestead settlers and preemptors; and,
indeed, the State of Rhode Island located its
agricultural college scrip in that portion of the
country, and thus prevented the railroad com-
panies from getting the lands. In this way,
although it may appear that there was an im-
mense subsidy of lands granted, if you will
examine the records of the Land Office you
will see that these companies, so far as they
have been able to build in the settlements,
have received almost no public lauds.
There is an allusion to myself in this com-
munication as being interested in all these
roads. Now, I desire to state very frankly that
before I was a member of the Senate, and
while a private citizen of myState, when these
companies were incorporated by our Legisla-
ture, without my knowledge and without the
knowledge of any one with whom I am con-
nected, the names of different persons in the
State were inserted as corporators. And it is
nowhere proposed to incorporate a company
to build a road from Washington to New York,
and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
inserts in the bill the names of men all over
the country who he thinks will make suitable
corporators, and they are to hold the franchise
temporarily until the company is organized
and goes into the hands of the men who build
the road. That was my relation to nearly every
road in my State. The Legislature put in my
name as one of the corporators. The people
of a new State do not build their own roads ;
but they hold temporarily these franchises
until they find men in Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Boston, or New York who take hold of and
build the roads; and then we assign the fran-
chises to them. I do not know of a man in
my State who ever took a dollar for the hold-
ing and transferring of one of those fran-
chises. That is why it appears that myself
and various citizens of my State seem to have
a great deal to do with railroads. We were
original incorporators, put in by the Legisla-
ture without our knowing it often, probably not
always, and we held the thing in trust until we
found men in the East who had capital and
who would build the roads. Not one dollar
of interest have I now or have I had for some
time in any one of the roads that are either
asking now or have heretofore received sub-
sidies.
I should not have said this but for the fact
that the charge is made in this letter of Gen-
eral Boynton; and this, by the way, is only
one letter of a series. General-Boynton has
been writing for the last month or so to the
Cincinnati Gazette about General Howard and
myself, as though we were objects of especial
spite by him orsomebody connected with him for
some reason that I do not know and do not care
about. The people of my State and the settlers
on the public lands in myState, so far as I know,
are satisfied, and I undertake to represent my
State; and if I am not satisfactory to General
Boynton I cannot help it. I have not asked
to make my peace in that direction. I will
say, however, that the writers and reporters
generally have reported me always correctly
and fairly, and of the whole number—twenty
or thirty—I do not know of more than one or
two exceptions where I have seen any inten-
tional deviation from what I regard as a tiuth-
ful statement of the case.. I have no general
war to make on the reporters. They are indus-
trious and generally truthful. There are a few
exceptions, and I think the Senator from Iowa
characterized those exceptions very properly,
and I could say something more in that direc-
tion.
What was said in that letter with reference
to the California branches of the Pacific road
I will not say anything about. 1 understand
it is not correct; but if it is not correct I do
not know it.
One word more, and I will close. The
general tenor of this letter is.against the system
of granting lands to aid in the construction of
railroads. I submit it to Senators from the
old States, whether they have not uniformly
approved of that system. I found it here when
I came to the Senate eight years ago. We
have not deviated from it. The Government
gives alternate sections of the public lands to
certain roads within certain limits, and adds
§1 26 to the price of the other sections, and I
thus does not give away a dollar. I know men
who own large tracts of land, but I do not
know one of them who would not give away
every other section to any party who would
build a railroad through the entire tract. The
Government owns the public lands, and the
Government can very well afford to give away
every odd section if by so doing it can double
the value of the even sections. That is the
basis on which these land grants are made. I
am disposed to continue that system. I am
for the extension of these States of ours to tke
West. We will soon have a line of railroad to
the Pacific, and in that way will develop the
public domain and promote the sale of the
public lands. The settlers are satisfied; our
new States are increasing rapidly under this
process, and why should any one undertake to
attack it merely for the purpose of reflecting
upon some individual as being chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands?
I am referred to in one letter as having
"fathered" twelve land-grant bills. I sup-
pose I shall report twelve more if I am con-
tinued as chairman of the committee. If not,
some man who is the chairman will do so, I
have no doubt. We intend to pursue this sys-
tem of developing the public domain by en-
couraging the building of thoroughfares through
it, and that develops the State. Tell me of
a railroad in Missouri, Iowa, or Kansas that
has been built without a subsidy of public
lands? You cannot put your finger on a road,
and yet those States are growing up under this
system with a magnificence and importance
that has been unparalleled in the history of
the country anywhere else. My own State, as
the Senator from Iowa says, has but one mem- _
ber at present in the House of Representa-
tives, but at the next census we shall have
three, if not four. The progress of our em-
pire is thus moving westward, and all by the
development of the new States, and that de-
velopment is secured by the building of rail-
roads, and those railroads are secured by the
grant of public lands. That is the question
that we who live in the new States are able
and willing to defend anywhere, and a whole-
sale attack like this falls very harmlessly upon
us. I do not care anything about any per-
sonal allusions to myself. I am looking to
the interest of my people at home and the
nation at large, and it' they are satisfied with
my conduct I shall not try to make my peace
with any writer of the Cincinnati Gazette or
the New York Tribune.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I trust the
Senate will bear with me for a few minutes on
this subject, although I am not personally men-
tioned in the correspondence attributed to Gen-
eral Boynton and copied by the New York
Tribune ; but as he relies for his facts upon a
statement made by General Washisurn, of the
House of Representatives, during the past ses-
sion of Congress, which, he says boastingly, has
never been answered, and which applies to what
is known as the Western Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and the grant made to it in California, I
desire to say a word.
After Mr. Washuuks had made that speech
I called his attention to it, and found, as a matter
of course, that he was inexact in his facts.
The statement I will first notice is the one
made that the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, of California, located their road from
Sacramento to the eastern boundary of Cali-
fornia. That is true ; but they at the same time
located it from Sacramento to the city of San
Francisco, and were entitled under the law to
every grant for the one part of it that they were
for the other.
It is stated additionally that an empire of .
land has been given away to the Western Pa-
cific Railroad Company. General Washburn'
has made a line which he says is a meandering
line—I supposed it was the straightest line that
engineers could make—lioin Sacramento to
San Francisco, and then lie has calculated the
land at ten sections on each side of the road
for each mile of that line, when it is a fact,
