APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
Ho. of Bees.
lieduction of the Army—Mr. Butler.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Veteran Reserve corps, and for this reason:
that corps consists of wounded veteran officers
and wounded veteran men, and they are just
as fit and effective to guard the posts as any
men on earth; and so long as we keep a man
or an officer in it we at least save the pensions.
Therefore I propose to keep these three regi-
ments. They are as good to keep up military
knowledge as any other men, as good for all
purposes of guarding the arsenals as any other
men.
I then propose that four of the twenty-four
regiments shall be colored troops. Every man
who has served in the Army with colored troops
will agree with me that there were no more
faithful sentinels, no better troops to maintain
discipline and order, no more obedient men
than the colored troops.
Again, I provide that there shall be three
regiments of artillery. I have proposed to cut
down the number of regiments of artillery,
because the minimum number of a regiment is
eleven hundred men. Their horses and equip-
ments make this a very expensive arm indeed.
One regiment of artillery costs more than four
of infantry. And, as regards the cavalry, if
you look at the quartermaster's report you will
find an immense sum has been paid for cavalry
horses last year. And the expenses of this arm
are enormous. Therefore the cavalry should
be cut down to the smallest possible number,
and if you want cavalry for Indian wars, ask
for volunteers on the plains. It may be said
we cannot get volunteers there in time. Let
me give you an instance of the difference be-
tween the moving of volunteers and that of
regular troops.
At three o'clock on the 15th of April, 1861,
nn order was issued by Abraham Lincoln to
Detroit, I think, for two companies of regular
soldiers there in barracks to come here and
defend the national capital. At the same time
an order went to the State of Massachusetts
1'ir lour regiments of militia, two of which were
to go to Fortress Monroe and two were to come
here. On the 19th of April one of those regi-
ments was here; on the 20th of April two
were in Fortress Monroe, and the fourth regi-
ment had been intercepted at Baltimore, or it
would have been here on the same day, but
finding its passage obstructed on that day, it
seized and held Annapolis, and opened a road
between the eapital and the loyal North. The
regular troops got to Baltimore thirty days after.
Let me give you another illustration of the
fact that during the war the regular Army
sought out the ''softplaces." I take the data
from the Army Register, and I challenge com-
parison with the volunteers. We say we owe
much to the regular Army. There were good,
brave men in the regular Army. There are now.
I have in my mind now some officers from West
Point in the regular Army, and more faithful,
braver, more gallant men or more patriotic men
never bore a sword ; but I tell you, you will find
that most of such men commanded volunteer
troops, or else were on the staffs of volunteer
generals, seeking to serve their country to the
best of their ability when it was the post of
danger and of honor. For let me state here,
in face of this House and in face of the coun-
try, that in the three great armies of the Re-
public, in the last battles of the Republic
under Grant and Sherman and Thomas, which
brought the rebellion to a final close by the
surrender of the forces of the rebellion, there
was no regiment of regular infanty—not one,"not
one. They had all found places elsewhere soft,
and the volunteers did the fighting at that day.
I made this statement once before without con-
tradiction, and I repeat it. Therefore I say
that this country owes its glory, its grandeur,
its life, to the volunteers who left the plow,
the anvil, and the shop to defend their homes,
their liberties, and the laws. And whenever
we are told that we want an army, I point to
the workshops, to the plow, and to the loom,
and *:iv. I here are your soldiers, aud the offi-
cers to lead them will come from these men
who will be retired or mustered out by this bill.
The House is told by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs as an argument
why we should not reduce the Army that the
General-in-Chief of the Army says he does
not desire its force shall be reduced. The
General-in-Chief prepared his report nearly
seven months ago, when there was the begin-
ning of an Indian war. He has spoken to us
on this subject in no other way since, except
to say that there must be retrenchment and
economy; and that that economy will be pro-
moted by my amendment I have the evidence
here in a short table :
Pay of the officers of the Army.
Salaries of officers and clerks of the War Depart-
ment and officers of the Army, and expense of
priuting for the Army for 1S63  $12,386,527 90
Salaries of officers and clerks, if the
number and pay of 6fficers alone be
reduced as proposed  6,457,518 62
AmountsavedbybillofMr.BuTLEB, *§5,929,009 28
Salaries, if the number an d pa y of offi-
cers be reduced as proposed und the
number of clerks be reduced one half, S4.95S.260 21
Amount saved i"$7,428,267 69
Expenses of the whole War Department.
Current expenses of the War Department for
1863  $68,743,094 71
Estimated expenses of the Army re-
duced from 48,081 to 25,000 men  33,310,638 21
Amount of reduction in expenses  S35,432,456 50
Percentage of reduction, fifty-one per cent.
The pay of officers of the Army, therefore, is
$12,000,000. If you pass this amendment it
will cut down the pay of officers to $6,457,000,
making a saving of 87,428,000 in the pay of
officers alone, and almost $200,000 more if you
cut down the clerks one half. [Here the ham-
mer fell.] May I ask for five minutes more?
[Cries of " Yes!" "Yes!"]
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I ask unanimous consent
that the gentleman be allowed to conclude his
remarks, however long it may take. [Cries of
'■'Agreed!'' "Agreed!"]
No objection was made.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. With
many thanks to the committee for this cour-
tesy, I desire to proceed for the reason that I
have taken great pains to bring these facts to
the attention of the House and the country.
Now then, sir, as I was saying, we can re-
trench $7,000,000 in the pay of these officers
alone, and still have officers enough in the
service to organize and command twenty four
regiments of infantry, three of artillery, and
four of cavalry, which, at the minimum rate,
would give 25,000 men. I say further upon
the question of economy that the current ex-
penses of the Army for the year 1807 amounted
to $68,743,000. The estimated expenses of the
Army reduced by this from 42,081 to 25,000 is
$33,210,638, or a saving of $35,000,456 50.
If the principle—the pay table of my amend-,
ment—is adopted and officers are mustered out
and good officers are selected by the General
of the Army and the President, you will have
all this saving to the country. Let me say right
here upon this question that last month's state-
ment of the public debt shows an apparent
increase of $15,500,000 in a single month, and
if any gentleman will take the trouble to look
at that statement he will find that there is an
actual increase of between six and eight mil-
lions for the past month, not taking in the pay-
ment of interest which might have been said
to have accrued in the months preceding.
Therefore, while we are increasing our debt
at the rate of $6,000,000 a month, why should
we not wait, why should we not spend time,
why should we not examine and see if we
cannot save $35,000,000 in one lump and leave
the Army still effective with 25,000 men?
* Or about forty-eight per cent.
t Or sixty per cent.
1 am told that the General of the Army
did not last fall desire the Army to be reduced.
The last time he spoke to us he said he desired
economy. Now, he himself is the best exam-
ple of the fact that we do not require officers
to be kept in the Army in order that we may
have officers to lead our Army in time of war.
He left the Army and retired to civil life, pre-
cisely as these officers we speak about muster-
ing out should do and will do. When officers
were needed the needs of the country found
him and elevated him, step by step, upward
and upward, until he has reached the highest
pinnacle of power known on earth. He him-
self is an army in himself for the preservation
of peace and good order. After the 4th of
March next he will command peace with a
single word. Does any one believe that for
the next ten years at least there will be any
fighting south of Mason and Dixon's line?
No; or if the rebels there shall ever under-
take to renew the fight we from the North will
go down there as we did before, long before
the officers of the regular Army get on their
boots, and sweep them into the gulf. We
know how to do it now.
Now, a few words upon this matter—the
opinion of the General of the Army—in an-
other point of view. While we ought to enter-
tain the very highest respect for any opinion
of the General of the Army, especially upon
this subject, which is his specialty, and while
I, for one, entertain the very highest respect
for his opinion, yet I must remember, and mem-
bers of the House will remember, that he can
only speak to us through his reports, and
hereafter only speak to us in the way known
to the Constitution, to give us advice upon the
state of the nation in messages to be addressed
to the House and Senate, and not to bo doled
out through anybody's supposed private con-
versations with him. And when he gives us
those opinions of his, and makes known to us
his desires for the reduction of the expenses of
the Government, they will be heeded by iuu
with that respect and that honor and that loy-
alty that is due to him as the head of the
nation, and with that cordial and earnest sup-
port that I propose to give him as the great
head of the Republican party of the nation,
whom they have been glad to honor with the
place he has, and whom we shall be glad here-
after to honor, as we shall do, as he fills that
place true to the principles that elected him,
and carrying on the Government to higher and
greater and more perfect command and benefit
of the whole country, and raising the nation,
step by step, in the future, as it will do under
his guidance and the guidance of the Repub-
lican party, until the whole earth1 shall wonder
at the glory thereof and tremble at a power
which never, never will be used except in sup-
port of justice and of right.
Mr. NIBLACK. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlek] to
commit himself to support General Grant for
the Presidency in 1872?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If he is
the best man for President in 1872, yes.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is not very definite.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We will
find out whether he is the best man for the
place before then. We think we have found
it out now. At any rate we are going to try
the experiment, no thanks to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.] [Laughter.]
I now yield for a few minutes to my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger. ]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman,
before the gentleman takes his seat 1 would
like to make a statement or two, so that, if he
thinks it worth while, we may have the benefit
of his views with reference to the sugges-
tions I propose to make. I see by the last
report of the Secretary of War, dated Novem-
ber 24, 1868, that on the 30th of September last
the force of the Army was forty-eight thousand
• and eighty-one men : and it was stated that by
