1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
The report was ordered to be printed ; and
the joint resolution (Si Ii. No. 231} providing
for the reportiugand publication of the debates
in Congress, and the joint resolution (S. E.
No. 2S2) providing for the reporting and pub-
lication ot the debates in Congress, were sever-
ally read, and passed to the second reading.
; Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing were instructed by the Senate to "examine
and report as to the cost ef each and all docu-,
ments annually published for distribution, and
to inquire and report as to the expediency of
discontinuing the distribution of all public
documents except the Congressional Globe and
the report of the Commissioner of Agriculture,
with a provision that such documents should
be printed and disposed of at cost price, and
to whom were referred a resolution relative to
inviting proposals for the publication of the
actual debatesand proceedings in Congress and
the cost of such publication, and a resolution
directingthe committee to inquire what changes
are necessary in the provisions relative to the
Eublication of the laws of the United States,
ave instructed me to make a report. This
report, whatever may he its value, has teen
the result of a labor going back to the origin
of the Government and showing the prices
of the successive systems, which is merely a
history of successive failures until we arrived
at the present system. The committee have
arrived at certain conclusions which it was our
intention to embody in a bill for the reform of
the printing department, but it is so near the
close of the session, and so much business is
pressing upon Congress, that we fear such a bill
cannot receive the attention due to its intrinsic
importance, though not perhaps to its relative
importance with other matters. I think we shall
present the bill at the next session.^ I should
like to have a thousand extra copies of this
report printed. It has already been before the
Committee on Printing, and I am instructed to
ask it. - It is not necessary that the motion be
referred to them.
The report was ordered to be printed; and
ten thousand extra copies were ordered to be
printed.
INDIANS IN FLOEIM..
Mr. OSBORN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior and
the Secretary of WaV each are requested to furnish
to the Senate what information, if any, each Depart-
ment has concerning the remnant of tribes of Sem-
inole Indians now living in orn'ear the Everglades in
South Florida.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
959) to repeal the second section of the act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes, approved March 2, 1867 ;
which was read twice by its title, deferred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 960)
relating to freedmen's hospitals ; .which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, asked,
and bv unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 961) for the-relief of
Nancy Lacy; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 962) supplemental to an act to abolish and
forever prohibit the system of peonage in the
Territory of New Mexico and other parts of
the United States; which was read twice by
Us title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sertlpbtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
9<ju; granting the light of way and aid in pub-
lic-lauds to the Denver, South Park, and Rio
Grande Railway and Telegraph Company;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed. • • .
ADMIRAL f AKKAGUr'-S iLfigT.
Mr, GRIMES. Now I call for the consid-
eration of the bill which was taken up On my
thption.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 112) relating to captures teads by
Admiral Earragut's fleet ia the Mississippi
river in May, 1862, is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.; and the amendments
reported by the Gommittee on Naml Affairs
will be read.
The amendments were read. They were in
line three, after the word "attached," to insert
the word "to;" in line five to strike out the
words "the capture of New Orleans'and," and
in the same line to Strike out the word '^ fhe"
before "river," and insert "that;" and after
the word " river," in line six; to, strike out the
words "to that city" and insert "and which
resulted in the capture of New Orleansso
as to make the bill read:
Be it enacted. &c„ That the vessels attached to or
connected with Admiral ParcagiU's fleet in the river
Mississippi which participated inthe opening of that
river, and which resulted in the capture of Now
Orleans in the month of May, 1862, and which by
law would have been entitled to prize money in the
captures wade by said vessels, shall be now entitled
to the benefits of the prize laws in the same manner
as they would have been had the district court for
the eastern district of ^Louisiana been thenopen and
the captures made by said vessels had been libeled
therein; and any court of the United States having
admiralty jurisdiction may take and have cognizance
of all cases arising out of said captures, and the same
proceedings shall be had therein as in other teases of
prize. , ,-
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the shares
in such captures awarded to the officers ana men
entitled to prim shall be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States.
The amendments .were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs upon what principle it is that persons
engaged in the Navy in the capture of New
Orleans are entitled to the spoils of the cap-
ture, while men engaged in the Army at the
same time and in the same service are not
entitled to any portion'of them, the capture
having been in our own country on internal
waters ? I understand the rule which prevails
on the high seas.
Mr. GRIMES. Does theSenator understand
that this bill gives them any greater right than
theyliave now by the prize laws of the United
States?, •
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is what I want to
know. If it does not, what is the object of
the bill? And what is the reason of that dis-
tinction? I ask for information. What is the
reason for a distinction on the inland waters
in the territory of the United States between
captures made by the Army and those made
by the Navy?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know how far the
courts will decide that anything which was j
captured in th® Mississippi can be considered :
to be prize of war. This bill is simply to give j
Admiral Farragut and his fleet the same right
they would have had provided a court of the
United States had been organized and in ex-
istence within the district of Louisiana at the
time the capture was made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the reason of
that distinction between naval and military
Captures?
Mr. GRIMES. On the high seas ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; not on the high
seas, but here.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not saying that there
is any difference. I do not know that the courts
will make such a distinction. This bill does .
not give any right other than that which they I
had before. As my friend from Vermont sug- |
gests, it only gives them the right they would (
have had if there had been a court therein
which they could hare libeled a prize at the
time. I will not undertake to decide what the j
courts of the United States will probably holcf.
I suppose that the officers and men of Admiral
.Farragut's fleet will be entitled to a certain
compensation for the war vessels of the rebels
which were destroyed by them in their engage-
ment near forts J3t. Philip snd Jaekaen.
The amendments were ordered
gcossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was readthe third time, snd passed.
KEAKSAKGE.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senate will allow
me to call up another bill, the only one I have
from the Naval Committee, I think. It is in
regard to the steamer Kearsarge, mating Ml
appropriation to pay the officers and meji of
.that vessel the amount they are authorized to
draw under the law. It is House bill No.' 1*967.
I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate^
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill {H. E. No. T967-) to compen-
sate the officers and crew of the united States
.steamer Kearsarge for the destruction of the
rebel piratical vessel Alabama.
The bill was read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the Senator explain how it happens that for
vessels absolutely destroyed it is the custom ia
our country to pay our Navy the value of them.
Are we to pay them the value of the public
vessels of war that they destroy ?
Mr. GRIMES. The eleventh section of the
prize act reads:
"That a bounty shall be paid by the United States
for each person on board any ship or vessel of war
belonging to an enemy at the commoncemont of an
engagement which shall be sunk or otherwise de-
stroyed in such engagement by any ship .or vessel
belonging to the United States, or which it may be
necessary to destroy in consoqnence of injuries sos-
tainedin action, of $100 if the enemy's vessel was of
inferior force and of $200 if of equal or superior force,
to be divided among theofficers and crow iu the samo
manner as prize money; and when the actual num-
ber of men on board any vessel cannot be satisfacto-
rily ascertained it shall be estimated according to the
complementallowedto vessels of its class in the}, ayy
of the United States; and there shall be paid as
bounty to the captors of any vessel of war captured
from an enemy which they may be instructed to de-
stroy or which shall be immediately destroyed, for
the public interest, but not in consequence of injuries
received in action, fifty dollars for every person who
shall be on board at tho time of such capture,"
That is the law of this country and of all
other countries that have a navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was that parsed ?
Mr. GRIMES. In 1864; and it is but a
reenactment of the old prize law of l'tlG, so
far as that section is concerned. The House
of Representatives passed this bill appropri-
ating $190,000 "out of any money heretofore
or hereafter appropriated, the same being the
estimated value of the ship Alabama."' ,The
Committee on Naval Affairs of tlie Senate,
although they recognized to the fullest extent
thegreat gallantry of the crew of the Kearsarge,
did not feel justified in recommending that,
Congress should go beyond what was speciue-
ally given by the law of 1864 to the officers ami
crew : and they therefore propose to change
the bill so as to appropriate $50,000 toward
paying the officers and men the amount that is
allowed them by the act of 1864. The^ amend-
ment is to reduce the amount from ij>130,000
to $50,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment reported by the Committee oil Naval
Affairs will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendments of the
committee is to strike out in line nine, after the
word "sum," the words "of $190,000, out of
any money heretofore or hereafter appro priatefl,
the same being the estimate value thereof; the
same to be distributed;" inline tea to insert
the word " which" before the words " the o8i:
cers' in line thirteen, al'terthe word "named,5'
to strike out " according to the pay-roll of the
ship at the time, and to be in lieu of the bounty
authorized," and in lieu thereof to insert'' were
entitled under and;" and in line seventeen,
after the words "and so forth," to insert "ana
to carry into elfeet the provisions ot tl i  act,
.the suin of $50,000, or so much as may be
