1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
necessary, is hereby appropriated;" so that
the bill, "if amended, will read:
ThattheSecretaryoftheTreasurybe, andhelierefey
is. authorised and directed to pay to Commodore
John A. Winslow and the officers and crew belong-
ing to tie United States steamer Kearsarge, while
engageain the capture and destruction of the rebel
piratical vessel the Alabama, on-the 19th of June,
1891, the sum to which the officers and crew attached
to the Kearsarge at the date above named were en-
titled under and by the eleventh section of the act
of June SO, 1864, to regulate prize proceedings, &c.,
and to carry into effect the provisions of this act, the
sum of $50,000, or so much as may be necessary, is
hereby appropriated: Provided, Thatno money shall
be paid to any assignee of the mariner entitled to the
same, but only to the marinor in person, his wife, or
children.
' The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
, Mr. GRIMES subsequently said: I ask leave
to enter a motion to reconsider House bill No.
1967, in regard to the steamer Kearsarge. I
simply wish, if I can get general consent to do
so, to insert the words "heirs or legatees" in
the last clause of the bill. That clause now
reads:
Provided, Thatno money shall be paid to any as-
signee of the mariner entitled to the same, but only
to the mariner in person, his wife, or children.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
neb] has just called my attention to two eases
that have happened in his State where there
are two sisters who are the legatees of deceased
sailors. I move a reconsideration for the pur-
pose of inserting those words.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to a third reading.
The mention was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, I now move to amend the
bill by adding to the last clause the words
"heirs or legatees."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
commander w. a. ktiucland.
Mr. SUMNER, There are two little bills
thut are associated with those on which the
Senate has now acted, relating to two officers
of the Navy, which cannot take more than one
minute to pass. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 207, authorizing Lieuten-
ant Commander.W. A. Kirkland, United States
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the em-
peror of France.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now a motion is made
to take up a bill to allow some naval officer to
receive; a gold medal while we have bills on
our table of public importance that we caunot
get considered; and 1 have been trying and
once had a special order made of a bill to
reorganize the judicial system of the United
States and give circuit courts to the lata rebel-
lious States.
Mr. SUMNER. This could have been passed
while the Senator has been speaking.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This can be passed, and
so can bills from the Naval Committee, but it
seems impossible to get up any public meas-
ure. I am not going to object.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not. I move to
proceed to the consideration of the bill I have
indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 207)
authorizing Lieutenant Commander W. A.
Kirkland, United States Navy, to accept a
gola medal from the emperor of France.
Ihe Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported an amendment to the joint resolution,
to strike out in line six the words " a French
merchant vessel in distress" and to insert in
lieu thereof ''the inhabitants of Pointe La
Petre at the time that place was visited by a
hurricane so as to read:
That Lieutenant Commander W. A. Kirltland, of
the tnitcu States .Navy, bo, and he is hereby au-
thorized to accept a gold medal from the emperor of
France, tendered him in appreciation of services
rendered "to the inhabitants of Pointe La Petre at
the time that place was visited by a hurricane.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended; and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
message from the hoxjsje.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1060) to reduce into one act and to amend the
laws relating to internal taxes; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 935) to provide for a term of the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
district of Vermont; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
judicial system.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 784. .
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to "call up a bill which stands next
to the one that has just been disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dd not know that
because the Senator has had one bill up he
therefore gets the privilege of calling up two.
I have been tryingfor a long time to getoneup.
Mr. SUMNER. But here are two associate
bills just alike.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a dozen associate
hills that all comefiom the Judiciary Commit-
tee, but I shall be satisfied if the Senate will
allow me to consider this one, and then I shall
get it out of the way.
Mr. SUMNER. Will not the Senator allow
the Senate to go on with the next bill to that
which has just been disposed of?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to take up for con-
sideration a bill (S. No. 784) to amend the
judicial system of the United States.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 784) to amend the judicial system of the
United States was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Isupposeitis not neces-
sary to read the original bill. The Committee
on the Judiciary report a substitute for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless
some Senator calls for the reading of the ori-
ginal bill it will not be read. The amendment
of the committee is to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause aud to insert the
words which will bo read.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
That the Supremo Court of the United States shall
hereafter consist of the Chief Justice of the United
States and eight associate justices, any six of whom
shall constitute a quorum, and for this purpose there
shall be appointed an additional associate justice of
sniu court.
Sue. 2. And be if further enacted, That for each of
the nine existing judicial circuits there shall be ap-
pointed a circuit judgo, who shall reside in his cir-
cuit, and shall possess the same power and jurisdic-
tion therein as the justice of the Supreme Court
allotted to the circuit. The oircuit courts in each
circuit shall be held by the justice of the Supreme
Court allotted to the circuit, or by the circuit judge
of tho circuit, or by tho district judge of the district
sitting alone, or by anytwo of them sitting together.
And such courts may be hold at the same time in the
different districts of the same circuit, and more than
one such court may bo held at the same time in tho
samo district. The circuit judges shall each receive
an annual salary of $o,0(J0.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That nothing ill
this act shall affect tho powers of the justices of the
supreme Court as judges of the circuit court, except
m the appointment of clerks of the circuit courts,
which in each circuit shall be appointed by tho cir-
cuit judge of that circuit, and the clerks of tho dis-
trict courts shall be appointed by the judges thereof
respectively.
Skc. 4, And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of each justice of the Supreme Court to
attend at lea^t one term of the circuit court in each
district of his circuit during every period of two
years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have a
statement of the contents of the original bill
so as to know the difference between the prop-
ositions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator
from Vermont understood this bill. It is the
bill providing for circuit judges.
Mr." EDMUNDS'. I understand the amend-
ment, but I want to know which bill it is pro-
posed as an amendment to. I want to know
What it is proposed to strike out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is proposed as an
amendment'to the bill providing for circuit
judges, and the only change between the amend-
ment and the original bill is in providing for
the appointment of clerks, and making it oblig-
atory on the judges of the Supreme Court to
go once in two years into their respective cir-
cuits. The Senator from Vermont must re-
member in regard to it. I will state what the
bill is if the Senate will indulge me for three
or four minutes.
_ At present we have upon the Supreme bench
eight judges, one Chief Justice, and seven as-
sociates. The United States are now divided
into nine circuits. Since the decease of Mr.
Justice Wayne one of the circuits has been with-
out any justice of the Supreme Court allotted
to that circuit. The law, as it now stands, pro-
vides that vacancies occurring on the Supreme
behch are not to be filled until the court is
reduced to six associate justices and one Chief
Justice, making seven members in all. This
bill provides, however, that there shall be nine
judges. There are now eight. It also pro-
vides that there shall be appointed for each of
these circuits one circuit judge, whose duty it
shall be to hold circuit courts in all the dis-
tricts within his circuit. It also provides that
at least once in two years each justice of the
Supreme Court jjhall go into each district in
the circuit to which ho is allotted. The circuit
courts may be held, according to the provis-
ions of the bill, by the justice of the Supreme
Court assigned to the circuit, by the circuit
judge, or by the district judge of the district.
The object of the bill is to furnish judges for
the circuit courts throughout the county, and
more particularly in the late rebel States, and
to relieve us from the necessity of creating a
large number of additional judicial districts.
It is supposed that where we have a circuit
judge devoted exclusively to holding the cir-
cuit courts he will be able to dispose of the
business of the respective circuits with the aid
of the district judges and the little aid he may
have from the justice of the Supreme Court,
who is to attend at least once in two years.
It is supposed that this will also enable the
justices of the Supreme Court to relieve the
docket here, which is very much crowded. It
is now two and sometimes three years before
a cause taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States can be heard. This amounts
really to a denial of justice in many cases. By
relieving the members of the Supreme bench
from circuit duties, except once in two years
requiring them to go to each district in their
circuits, they will have more time to discharge
their duties on the Supreme bench, and it is
thought this will relieve that difficulty.
The bill is an important one, I think, and I
shall be very glad it it can receive the sanction
of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, this is a
very important bill, and I hope Senators, be-
fore it is either passed or rejected, will give it
very careful consideration. It proposes to
make an entire change in the practical opera-
tion of the judicial system of the United States,
as it appears to me; and it so appearing to me,
I was unable to concur with a majority of the
committee in reporting it.
Ever since our Government was founded our
judicial system has been modeled, as it was in
the first judiciary act, really upon the judicial
system of Great Britain. There the highest
judges, those who sit in banc, as the Supreme
Court judges do here and determine the law
finally, every year go upon the circuit. That is
the practice in England. They mix and rain-
