1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
gle with the people. They administer justice
at the homes of the people. They dignify the
strength and the purity of the law by enabling
all men over the country to participate in and
see the actual administration of justice under
the charge and care of the highest judicial
officers of the Government. That system, as
my friend from Illinois well knows, has been
one of the chief ornaments of the English Gov-
ernment. It has done more, in my judgment,
to elevate and to civilize the British people
thar any other one agency possible in society,
because it has enabled the course of English
jurisprudence always, almost without ezcep-.
tion, to be pure. It has commanded respect,
and it has secured to private rights absolute
protection.
Now, as I say, our system was modeled upon
that; and for a period of eighty years it has
been in successful operation upon that basis.
The judges of the Supreme Court have been,
from the first, the judges of the circuit courts.
Tliey have been allotted, by an arrangement
among themselves, to the duty, this one going
to this circuit and that one to that. They have
held courts, they have administered justice,
and nobody has complained of the method in
which they have administered it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired the Chair must call up
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal to the Senator
having charge of the Indian appropriation bill
to let us finish this bill. I think the discussion
upon it will not be long. It is a matter that is
understood by everybody. Suppose we occupy
an hour upon it; is it not better to do that and
dispose of it? I shall take up 110 time in dis-
cussing the question. If the Senator will not
yield at once, I shall give way; but I think we
shall hasten business by the course I suggest.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should yield
with great pleasure, but that I am pressed on
this side with an attack from another quarter,
and I am apprehensive that if I yield at all I
shall lose the appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator declines
to yield I shall not persist; but I ask that this
bill be laid aside informally, to come up after
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I object to, because
I am under a pledge, and one that I am fully
willing to keep if I have the power, to have
the Senate pay attention to the bill in regard
to the tenure-of-oifice act immediately after
this appropriation bill is through, and I hope
the Senator from Illinois will not undertake to
push that important measure aside.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Illinois will remember that I have had
s once with that bill, which postponed
me for a day from the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill. I am fearful, there-
fore, if I yield that I shall lose possession of
the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The In-
dian appropriation bill is regularly before the
Senate.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators are aware that
there is important business "before the Senate
in executive session, which I think Senators
may be disposed to act upon promptly. It is
not for me to make any suggestion on the sub-
ject; it is absolutely in the hands of the Sen-
ate. Without desiring to antagonize any motion
with the bill in charge of my friend from
Maine, I do desire to move an executive ses-
sion. I do not think it need be long.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator that at four o'clock we are to take a
recess until seven.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that; bat if
the executive session is delayed until near four
o'clock we may not have time to do what is
desired. It is important, as the Senator knows,
that the business the Senate is to consider in
executive session should be taken up promptly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 'There will be a
half hour for that.
Mr. SUMNER. But if we bogin late we
may not have sufficient time. I move, there-
fore, that the Senate now proeeed to the con-
sideration of executive business. I make the
motion ; it is for the Senate to determine.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The motion was not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
that bill I would ask the Senator from Maine
to allow me to make a motion that the bill re-
organizing the courts be made the special order
immediately after the close of the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that, T must
object to it. I thoaght there was an under-
standing 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ■ It cannot
be done except by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will take up no time.
If the Senator from Vermont objects I will
not take up time in squabbling; I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I trust the Senate will
pardon me for saying -a word in reply to my
friend from Illinois of a personal nature. He
seems to suppose that I am objecting from
some captious motive, and seems rather to lose
his temper because I do object. The Senator
ought to know, if he has been in attendance
here, that I have been urged and have been
willing and desirous to dispose of the tenure-
of-office question, and that I have promised to
endeavor to take that up the moment this ap-
propriation bill is through. Now, I cannot
accede to what he proposes without violating
my promise, which I will not do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The bill
(H. R. No. 1738) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending 30th June, 1870, isbefore the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole; and the pend-
ing amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Haklan] moves in line nine hundred and
seventy-one, in the appropriations for the
Omahas, to strike out "$900" and insert
" SI,200 so as to make the clause read:
For fourth of ten installments for pay for one mil-
ler, per same treaties, £1,200.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There has been
enough said about that. I hope it will not be
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
to offer to modify this amendment so as to
make the amount $1,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I will accept the modifi-
cation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ^ The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to offer an amend-
ment in line nine hundred and seventy-five to
strike out "§720" and insert "$1,200;''
which will of course be liable to the same ob-
jection urged by the Senator from Maine. If
the amendment be carried it will make the
same appropriation which has been made from
year to year, and is applied to the payment of
two men, a blacksmith and an assistant.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose to
modify that so as to make it read "§1,000.''
Mr. HARLAN. I will accept the modifi-
cation.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Iofferthe following amend-
ment to come in after line nine hundred and
seventy-five:
For support of blacksmith shop and supplying
tools for the same, §300.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
that is allowable. There is nothing in the
treaty in regard to it. . It cannot be necessary
to appropriate-annually two or three hundred
dollars for blacksmith's tools.
Mr.' HARLAN. There is just this explana-
tion to be made: this is the amonntf that has
been estimated from year to year and appro-
priated by the Government every year for the
use of these Indians; and keeping up a black-
smith's shop will be of little use if there is no
iron or steel for the blacksmith to use.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
onee for all onthis class of items that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House have
come to the conclusion that where this and
kindred items are in excess of treaty stipula-
tions now is the time to curtail them and cut
them down to the treaty stipulations; and they
have framed this bill upon that idea. I trust,
therefore, that the Committee on Indian Affairs
will not undertake to antagonize the House
upon the exercise of that discretion, because
it is but the exercise of a discretion and is
outside of any treaty stipulation.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, if the House
of Representatives should ultimately decline
to make the appropriation the responsibility
will be with the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
EttOY in the chair.) The Senate must be aware
that each body is an independent body, and no
allusion to what the House of Representatives
will or will not do is in order in a debate of
f ]-i in fi n O Y€l '
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg the Chair's
pardon ; it is proper to say what the House has
done. That was the line of my argument.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is not
stated to influence the decision of the Senate
it is in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should not
expect to influence my honorable friend from
Iowa. But then, as an independent fact, I sup-
pose I am at liberty to state what the House
I has done. I beg leave, however, to call the
attention of my frieud to the fact that this is
already provided for in lines nine hundred and
sixty-five to nine hundred and sixty-nine:
For fourth of ten installments for keeping in re-
pair a grist and-saw_mill, and support of blacksmith
shop, per eighth article, <fcc.
There yon have it.
Mr. HARLAN. That being the fact, I with-
draw the amendment. There was an amend-
ment offered yesterday which was passed over
on account of the Senate then being thin. I
should like to have the judgment of the Senate
upon that amendment now. It is in relation
to the engineer for the mill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chikf Cms. The amendment is to
insert after line nine hundred and sixty-niue
i the following:
For fourth of ten installments for pay of one en-
' gineer and assistant, per third article treaty of March
j 6,1865, $1,800.
j Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not sup-
• pose the Senate will give me attention enough
1 to understand intelligently this question. All
I want is to have it understood. The Senator
from Iowa, on behalf of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, proposes to insert an amend-
ment providing for an engineer and assistant
the sum of $1,800 for a certain tribe of In-
| dians. My objection is that it is not in the
! treaty stipulations with the Indians. We have
j already provided all that is called for to fulfill
j the treaty stipulations. This is not one of
;them. Therefore, I submit that the Senate
i ought not to make the appropriation. That is
' all I have to say.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. The treaty does pro-
i vide that a miller shall be furnished ; and it is
: a simple question of the price you shall pay.
! Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. The miller is
! provided for. This is for the engineer outside
1 the treaty.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is to pay the mU-
ler, I believe.
|i Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No'; the engi-
I! ueer.
