1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
PACIFIC! RAILROAD SURVEYS.
Mr. KELLOGG. _ I offer the following res-
olution, and ask tor its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to communicate to the Senate an
abstract of all the surv eys that have been made for
a railroad to the Pacific under the direction of the
Government of the United States, together with a
brief statement of the views expressed in those offi-
cial reports, and such abstracts as he may deem im-
portant from any official communications of Major
General A. A. Humphreys, chief of the engineer
corps of the United States Army.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that resolution
ought to be referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. It would seem to me that it
would be a great labor to digest the sixteen very
large volumes that have been published. I
move its reference to that committee, to see
how much trouble it is going to make.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
QUARANTINE LAWS.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
jResolved, That the Secretary "of the Treasury be
requested to examine and report as to the fitness of
Morris Island, South Carolina, for a quarantine and
hospital station, and as to the propriety of purchas-
ing said island for such purpose; and that he be
further requested to report in regard to th e feasibil ity
and propriety of adopting a uniform system of quar-
antine laws applicable to foreign vessels and vessels
of the United States, whether engaged in the foreign
or coasting trades, and of placing the superintend-
ence of the execution of such laws exclusively under
the control of the Treasury Department.
DUTIES ON IMPORTED COPPER.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bit"
(H. R. No. 1460) regulating the duties on
imported copper and copper ores has been
taken up and is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer an amendment
which I believe is acceptable to the Senator
who has charge of the bill. It is to add :
On copper in rolled plates, called brazier's copper,
sheets, rods, pipes, and copper bottoms, eyelets, and
a!! manufactures of copper or of which copper shall
be a component of chief value, not otherwise herein
piovided for, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, which is the first of a
series I have prepared : in line nine, after the
word '• ores," to insert the words" containing
sulphur."
Mr. President, I had supposed that at the
close of the war our tariff had reached its maxi-
mum rate, and that our earliestduty aftertaking
off taxes upon the various manufactures of the
country would be to reduce the amount of the
tariff to the extent of the compensation which
we had made in the tariff for the internal taxes ;
but I am aware that there are several articles
iu any readjustment of the tariff that need per-
haps some further favor in the way of increased
duties, and among them is copper.
It is very difficult, and I am willing to ac-
knowledge my repugnance to taking up a single
subject of the tariff and fixing a satisfactory
rate of duties upon it, either by raising or
diminishing the duties, because it will be found
almost impossible in practice to do anything
in that way without inflicting as much injury
upon some other articles as good in the direc-
tion aimed at. And this measure as the bill
was reported, in my judgment, would not have
been any benefit whatever to the copper inter-
est, for the reason that while it raised the duty
on raw copper it left many of the manufactured
articles with less rates than the raw material.
Such for instance as copper plates, which in
some degree has been amended by the Senator
from Rhode Island, and such as sheathing
copper, which is a cent and a half a pound
less than the pig copper could be imported for.
It seems to me that it is much better to raise
the rates of duty upon some of those other
articles if you are going to raise the duty upon
pig copper, because it is perfectly evident that
instead of the raw copper being imported, the
manufactured article would be imported, as it
could be imported at a less rate of duty. But
for the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island many of the articles that are manufac-
tured from copper would not be made in the
country after the increase of the price upon
the raw material.
But one of the chief questions involved in
this bill is in relation to copper ores. It seems
to me the bill will be more perfect if we amend
it so that ores not containing sulphur shall be
admitted at something of a less rate than the
sulphurets. We are obtaining at the present
time, with a strong probability of an increase,
a very considerable amount of copper ores from
the British provinces, and these are all sul-
phurets. We are obtaining a much larger
amount of the carbonate ores from Cuba and
from Chili. These ores that we obtain from
Cuba and Chili are not essential to the manu-
facture of our ores containing sulphur ; but the
sulphurets are essential to the manufacture of
the carbonates. I mean to say that they are
not essential in places where fuel is plenty,
where wood for the making of charcoal can
be obtained; but the two worked together
increases the profit of both.
Therefore 1 think that there should be a
discrimination betwegn the two kinds of ores,
and that those ores'which work together eco-
nomically and^frofitably should be allowed to
come in atjromething of a less rate than the
sulphuretefof which we produce an abundance.
BesiiJ^s, Mr. President, although my own
haps, is as largely interested in these
any State in the Union—for we are pro-
a very large amount of these copper
res containing sulphur—I do think it would be
wrong to strike down the importation of all car-
bonate ores, for at the present time they afl'ord a
very valuable trade to'our shipping interestand
a large amount of capital is invested in smelting
the ores in quite a number of the Atlantic cities.
Therefore it will be seen that I propose in the
amendment I have now offered and in the sec-
ond amendment to make a discrimination be-
tween the two kinds of ores.
Then, in the third amendment which I shall
offer, I propose that the duty on sheathing cop-
per in sheets of fourteen by forty-eight inches,
weighing fourteen to thirty-four ounces per
square foot, shall be raised to six cents per
pound. It is now three and a half cents per
pound, and one cent per pound in advance of
copper in bars is reasonable. Those are not
included in the amendments proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island., Then, on sheath-
ing metal composed in part of copper and not
any part of iron ungalvanized, in sheets of four-
teen by forty-eight inches, weighing from four-
teen to thirty-four ounces per square foot, five
and a half cents. The duty upon these articles
now, upon the one is three cents and upon the
other three and a half cents. If you put the
duty on raw copper at five cents a pound and
leave these articles at three and three and a
half cents it would be a manifest impropriety,
and it would break down whatever manufac-
tures of them we may happen to have in the
country.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is covered by the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
already adopted. All manufactures of copper
ore are covered by that amendment, so that
what the Senator now suggests is totally unne-
cessary.
, Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not so
understand it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senatoris mistaken.
All manufactures of copper ore are covered by
the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Michigan is mistaken. My throat is so
sore this afternoon that I am hardly able to
speak at all, and therefore I shall not occupy
much time. The Senator is mistaken. Sheath-
ing metal is not embraced, nor is copper sheath-
ing, oecause there is now a specific duty levied
on it; and even if it is embraced. I do not like
the policy of changing a specific to an ad va-
lorem rate of dutv.
My fourth amendment is in relation to brass,
and will be offered only in case the amendment
with regard to copper should prevail. It is
manifest that brass at fifteen per cent., which
is all the duty upon it at present, would be left
entirely to be brought in from abroad, and
there would be no copper used in the manu-
facture of brass, and to make that it takes at
least one half of the weight in copper.
But, Mr. President, whether my amendment
passes in relation to copper ores or not, the
fact is that the country is now using far less of
copper than formerly, and the American pro-
ducers of copper will not derive any very great
amount of benefit from an increase of the duty
on copper. I am in favor of doing something
in relation to the subject; but I do not wish it
to be understood that we believe it to be pos-
sible to afford any great amount of benefit by
anything that can be done here. In the first
place, the country has abandoned the use of
copper in its coinage. In the next place,
whenever you place a duty upon the sheathing
metal, which, perhaps, aifords the largest
amount of consumption for copper, our ves-
sels go abroad to get copper-bottomed, and the
introduction of iron vessels has superseded the
use of copper for that purpose to a very large
extent; and now our vessels, instead of being
eoppei-buttomed at home, go abroad and have
that done upon their first foreign voyage.
Even our vessels engaged in the coasting trade,
instead of getting the work done here, go to
some of tho British provinces for a load of
plaster or of coal or of grindstones, and get
that work done there. Under these circum-
stances it is impossible that any great increase
in the consumption of copper can be had.
I understood the Senator from Michigan to
be not opposed to this amendment in the first
instance; and, I suppose, the ouly reason why
he is not in favor of it now is because I pro-
pose to make a discrimination in the ores. I
think it is just that there should be such a dis-
crimination. If any Senator here feels a lively
iuterest in tho protection of these sulphuret
ores, it ought to be myself, because they are
located in my own State and m my own county ;
but I believe that the rate I have proposed
would be satisfactory to those who are engaged
in that business, and that it is beneficial to the
country to have the business continued that we
now have with Cuba and South America in the
importation of their ores. I am willing to
raise the duties to some extent on all ores, but
not to the extent proposed in the bill. It is
at least three times the amount of the present
duty, and I submit that is too much and that less
would be far more likely to secure permanent
support hereafter.
Air. CHANDLER. I ask that the amend-
ment already adopted, which, I think, covers
a great deal of the ground, be read.
The ChiefCIjP.uk. Theamendmentalready
adopted is to insert at the end of the bill the
following clause:
On copper in rolled plates, called brazier's copper,
sheets, rods, pipes, and copper bottoms, eyelets, and
manufactuics of copper, or of which copper shall
be a component of chief value, not otherwise here-
in provided for, forty-five per cent, ad valorem..
Mr. CHANDLER. That covers the precise
case the Senator from Vermont has presented,
and I supposed he was entirely satisfied with
that amendment as offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island. It gives all the protec-
tion he asked, and a little more.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like an explana-
tion as to the forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
What is the protection which this bill gives in
other respects ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Twelve and a half per
cent, on copper in the ore, taking the home
valuation.
Mr. SUMNER. How much is that ad va-
lorem ?
Mr. CHxVNDLER. Perhaps fifteeli or six-
teen per cent., taking the foreign valuation.
Mr. SUMNER. Fifteen per cent. ?
Mr. CHANDLER. About fifteen percent.,
taking the foreign valuation ; but taking the
i whole valuation it would be about twelve and
