1370
THE OOJSTGKESSION"AL GLOBE.
February 19,
appear, so far as I can perceive, for what In-
dians or what tribe that appropriation is made.
Mr. HARLAN. It is for an aggregation of
a number of bands of the Sioux Indians—ten
or fifteen bands. They are all Sioux,^ but
many of them are known by some additional
name. They are all located in different places
within the limits of the same general reserva-
tion, and the estimates have been 'made for
them by General Harney and by the Depart-
ment in the aggregate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My difficulty is
this: The bill now provides for the Blackfeet
band, for the Lower Brul6 band, for the Min-
neconjoux band, for the Oncpapa band, the
Ogallalla band, the Sans Arcs band, the Two
Kettles band, the Upper Yanctonnais band, and
the Yanctonnais band. There are nine bands
provided for. My inquiry of the Senator is,
* whether the treaty which he relies upon covers
all those bands of Indians; whether it is a
substitute for the provisions made for these
bands in the bill ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; it is intended to
cover all the appropriations that have been
stricken out. Ifind, by referring to the treaty,
that the treaty has been executed by the dele-
gates from the Brulfo, the Ogallallas 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Brul6s are
not in this.
Mr. HARLAN. They are included in the
appropriation, and are included in this treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are not
included in what you are now striking out.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then are the
Blackfeet included in that, treaty?
Mr. HARLAN. I understand they are. I
will proceed to read them, if the Senator
wishes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What I wish to
know is if all these bands that you propose to
strike out are provided for in the treaty?
Mr. IIARLAN. All that are stricken out
are provided for in the treaty and in the amend-
ment that has been sent to the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the clause of the amendment which
has been read.
The .imeudmeHt was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may ho
necessary, to purchaso fivo thousand suits of cloth-
ing for males over fourteen yours of ago, and the
flannoi, hose, calico, and domestics roijuired for fivo
thousand females over twelve years of age, and for
such tlannol and cotton goods as may bo needed to
make Miits for fivo thousand boys and girls, as per
tenth article treaty April 29,1S68, lor tho fiscal year
ending J uue 30, 1870, $136,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
ne-eessnry, to purchase suoh articles as may be con-
sidered proper by the Secretary of the Interior for
wiyeleven thousand four hundred persons roaming,
ami tbroe thousand engaged in agriculturo, as per
tenth nrticlo treaty April 29,1868, for tho fiscal year
ending Juno 30, 1870, $180,000.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as maybe
necessary, for the purchase of beef and flour, as per
tenth article troaty April 20,1S63, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1870, $985,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
^or this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enablo the Secretary of the Inteiior to
provide for such other bands of tho Sioux nation as
may agree to the terms of the treaty with the Sioux
Indians of April 29, 1808, $250,000.
i he amendment was agreed to.
i he Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for the purchase of one American cow and
ono pair of American oxen for each lodge or family
.ha^ommences farming, say four hundred lodges.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For pay of one physician, five teachers, one car-
penter, onemiller, one engineer, one farmer, and
one blacksmith, as por thirteenth article treaty April
29,1868, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1870, $10,400,
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For this amount, to be expended in presents for the
ten persons who grow the most valuable crops, as per
eleventh article treaty April 29,1868, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1870, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for insurance, transportation, and the
necessary expenses of delivering goods, &c., to be
purchased for tho ditferent bands of Sioux Indians
under tho treaty of April 29,1868, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1870, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line thirteen hundred
and ninety-four, in the appropriations for the
Tabequaehe band of Utah Indians, I move to
strike out the word "three" and to insert
"four so that the clause will read:
For insurance, transportation, and general inci-
dental expenses of the delivery of goods, provisions,
and stock, as per same article of same treaty, $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line fourteen hundred
and five, in the appropriations for the Ump-
quas and Calapooias of Umpqua valley, Ore-
gon, I move to strike out "$15,000" and
insert " $'2,000so that the clause will read:
For last of fifteen installments for tho pay of a
physician and purchase of medicines, per sixth arti-
cle treaty 29th November, 1851, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line fourteen hundred
and nine, I move to strike out "$1,000" and
insert "$1,450;" so that the clause will read:
For fifteenth of twenty installments for the pay of
a teachor and purchase of books and stationery, per
sixth article treaty 29th November, 1854, $1,450.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIARLAN. In line fourteen hundred
and thirty one, in tho appropriations for the
Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla tribes,
I movo to strike out "$8,000" and insert
"$11,200;" so that the clause will read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the pay and
subsistoneo of one superintendent of farming opera-
tions, ono fanner, two millors, ono blacksmith, one
wagon and plow maker, one carpenter and joiner,
one physician, and two teachers, per fourth article
treaty 9th June, 1855, $11,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line fourteen hundred
and sixty eight, in the appropriations for the
Yakama nation, I move to strike out "$1,BOO "
and insert "$3,200;" so that the clause will
read :
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of ono superintendent of teaching and two
teachers, per fifth article treaty 9th June, 1855, $3,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line fourteen hundred
andseventy fourl move to strike out''$8,000"
and insert " $11,400 ; " so that the clause will
read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
mentot one superintendent of farming and two farm-
ers, two millers, two blacksmiths, ono tinner, one
gunsmith, one carpenter, and one wagon and plow
maker, per fifth article treaty 9th June, 185S, $11,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line sixteen hundred and
seventy-two I move to strike out " $50,000"
and insert " $70,000;" so that the clause will
read:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in tho Territory of Arizona, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, antl other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes,
and to sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
lite, to be oxpended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior. $70,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill con-
tains the same appropriation, I believe, that was
made last year. I think we had better not raise
that amount.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee thought it
ought to be raised, from all the information
they could get. There are thirty-five thousand
Indians in this Territory. There has been, we
believe, an excellent superintendent there, a
relative of the incoming President of the Uni-
ted States. From all the information that can
be had he has managed affairs there as well as
was possible with the small sum appropriated.
Seventy thousand dollars will be a very trivial
amount of money to provide for any consid-
erable proportion of those Indians. The white
people are encroaching in every direction, and
it did not seem possible to the committee to
make any decent provision that would proba-
bly induce them to keep the peace with a less
amount. That is all I have to say on the sub-
ject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line sixteen hundred
and seventy-nine I move to strike out "fifteen"
and insert " thirty," so as to make the appro-
priation for the general incidental expenses of
the Indian service in Idaho Territory, &c.,
$30,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine._ I think we may
get along with the appropriation as it is, unless
the Committee on Indian Affairs has more
definite information on the subject than I have.
This is the same appropriation that was made
last year; and I think if the Senator has no
special information on the subject we had bet-
ter allow it to stand.
Mr. HARLAN. The amendment of the
committee is above the estimate. The esti-
mate is for $20,000. The text of the bill is
for $15,000. The reason why the committee
recommended the increase to $30,000 is based
on facts derived from the Delegate of the Ter-
ritory, and from the Department also. Idaho
Territory is being rapidly settled up by miners,
and there are a number of strong bands of
Indians in the Territory who are unprovided
for by any treaty whatever, who, if they should
go to war with the white people, would involve
the Government in the expenditure of a very
large sum of money. It was thought by the
appropriation of this amount they might be
kept on terms of peace. If the Senator should
insist upon it, of course we shall not urge
anything above the estimates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection that the appropriation should be made
to conform to the estimates. I have a letter
here, written at the instance of the Delegate
from that Territory. I can very well under-
stand his solicitude that we should appropri-
ate as much money as possible to be expended
in the Territory. I dare say that the solicitude
on the part of the Delegate'is'a very proper
one ; but at the same iime the department, I
think, ought to be in possession perhaps of as
much information, and as reliable, as the
Delegate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move to amend the amendment?
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; I move
to make it $20,000. That conforms to the es-
timates, and I think ought to be satisfactory.
Mr. CORBETT. There is a large number
of Indians in this Territory, with whom Gen-
eral Brook was fighting, who have been treated
with, and.have been taken to Idaho City, as I
understand, many of them, and turned over to
the superintendent of Indian affairs; that is,
the Governor of the Territory; but he has been
unable to make the necessary provision for
them. That is one reason, I believe, why this
estimate has been increased.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend is
inaccurate about that. This is an appropria-
tion for incidental expenses, and has no refer-
ence to anything outside.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not state that any
of these treaties have been actually confirmed
here, but there have been treaties made that
have not been confirmed, and the Indians must
be taken care of until those treaties are form-
ally confirmed. There have been temporary
treaties made with them for peace.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My proposition
gives all that the department estimate for.
