418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
as 1845, and went on from year to year invest-
ing their whole earnings in improvements.
They have not divided three per cent., since
the mines were started, upon the capital actu-
ally invested in these works; but they have
■ gone on up to the present time investing the
product of the mines in improvements instead
of dividing the profits. Is not that as much
actual bona fide capital paid in as though they
had originally taken the money out of their
own pockets? But, sir, there has been in
assessments, in actual cash paid in, over six-
teea million dollars.
Mr. FERRY. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
- Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. FERRY. Is there not included in that
$16,000,000 the valuation of the lands which
were put in as part of the capital stock?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir. There has
been more than §16,000,000 in hard money
taken there and invested in operations upon
these mines, and they have gone on for more
than twenty years, using the earned capital to
improve and develop their works, and now,
forsooth, they are to be called pauper concerns
because with the capital earned in twenty years
they cannot make the business remunerative
under the system of tariff protection adopted
and carried out in the Senator's State in Con-
necticut, which taxes them beyond their power
to work their mines.
Sir, the Senator from Connecticut does not
surprise me in his opposition to this bill. It
is not the first time that Michigan interests
have been attacked from Connecticut. She
has attacked our lumber, our salt, our copper,
our iron, our wool, everything that we pro-
duce. She is in the situation that Jeff. Davis
was after he had organized his confederacy and
set his government in motion—he wanted to be
let alone ; and that is what Connecticut wants.
The Senator told me the other day that he was
in favor of free trade, and said that if we.would
take off the duty on wool he was prepared to
take off the duty on manufactured goods.
Well, sir, let us see where we should land, for
there is where we are coming to. The day has
gone by when they are to be let alone with
these really protective and remunerative tariffs
that exist in all the manufacturing States. If
you are going to strike down these new interests
rising in the West and Northwest rest assured
we will not let you alone, but we will take a
horizontal tariff, which will be a good protec-
tion for our copper, our iron, our lumber, our
wheat, our wool, and you may fix the amount;
I do not care what you make it, twenty, thirty,
forty, or fifty per cent.; it will be protection to
us, and then if your clocks will not run, let
them stop. [Laughter.]
Now, let me show what arc some of the
"equal" duties we now liavei If we should
take off twelve cents duty on wool the Sena-
tor says he is content to take olf the duties
on manufactures. I find that the present duty
on all flannels under thirty cents a pound is
twenty-four cents a pound specific and thirty
percent, advalorem; on all flannels over thirty
and under forty cents, twenty-four cents a
pound specific and thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem-, on carpets worth $1 25 a yard sev-
enty-five cents a yard specific; and so you may
go through the whole list. I have it here, and
.every article produced in the State of Connec-
ticut is protected overwhelmingly; and now
where we have over fifty million dollars in-
vested in works that save to this nation mil-
lions upon millions in gold that would to-day
go out for the purchase of this article if it were
not produced here, the Senator says "let us
alone; we will not give you any protection;
stop your mines; what do we care." Very
well I say in return, "wewill stop your facto-
ries, if it comes to that; the day has gone by
for protecting one interest to the injury of
another." Sir, you will find that the North-
west will be solid ami the South will be solid;
you must grant equal protection to all interests
throughout the United States, or you must
abandon .your own protection; we will treat
you as we did Jeff. Davis's government; we
will not let you alone!
Mr. President, as I have shown before, there
is not a single interest in all the United States
that is not more liberally protected than the
protection we ask upon this copper interest.
You may call copper a raw material; but, as
I said before, it is a raw material two thousand
feet under the surface of the earth, embedded
in the rock, and it costs us $400 a ton to raise
that raw material and make it into ingot cop-
per. Now, sir, will you protect your clocks,
will you protect your buttons, will you protect
your carpets and your flannels, and then cry
to us, "Let us alone ; we will slaughter your
lumber; we will slaughter your salt; we will
stop your iron mines; but let us alone!"
1 hope, Mr. President, that this amendment
of the Senator from Vermont will not be
adopted, but that you will grant us this rea-
sonable, this smaller protection than is granted
to any other interest, of twelve and a half per
cent, on the home valuation, or fifteen or six-
teen per cent, upon the foreign valuation. I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I do not know
what I have said or done that should draw
upon my little State of Connecticut the venge-
ance of the Senator from Michigan to this
extent. I have said nothing about lumber or
salt or wool. I have been arguing here for
justice to certain great interests, not one of
which has an establishment in my State; and
instead of meeting my argument the gentleman
turns upon me with a threat that all protection
shall be taken off from all fabrics manufac-
tured in Connecticut; that they will not let us
alone ; that we shall be treated as he would
have treated Jeff. Davis! Well now, sir, 1
have just this to say about my State of Con-
necticut in this connection: we ask no favors
of the Senator from Michigan; we have not
been accustomed in that little Commonwealth
to look np to the Government of the United
States to help us in developing our resources
and building up our enterprises. Sir, by the
energy, the industry, the capital of Connecti-
cut, invested anddeveloped through the indom-
itable perseverance of its people since the very
foundation of this Government, its rocky hills
have been made to blossom as the rose; its
every valley has been made to resound with the
hum of machinery.
Sir, you may strike off from your statute-
book every farthing of protection which you
give to our interests, and Connecticut will go
on as she has gone on in the past. You may
take away from us your tariffs; you cannot
take away from us the indomitable energy of
our people. You may take away from ns
your protection as you term it; but, sir, a peo-
ple whose sailors visit the remotest regions of
the Arctic and the Antarctic zones, whose mer-
chants follow the sea-birds in their flight to
the lone guano islands of the Pacific to bring
back home fertility to our rocky hill-sides ; a
people who have gone out the pioneers of civ-
! ilization all over this land, whose foot-prints
| are seen in the church and the school-house
■ from the Atlantic to the Pacific, are not to be
put down by taking away your tariff and your
protection. We ask no favors; and, sir, the
people of Connecticut, as a part i , the govern-
ing power of this great Republic I know will
be unwilling that their representatives here
shall stand silently and see this nation pledging
itself to injustice by absolutely striking down
and destroying the great interests of one section
of the land to build up a mere local interest in
a single State. It is not right, sir; and be-
cause it-is not right, not because it affects my
local interests, do I stand here to oppose this
bill unless the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont should be adopted.
Mr. WHYTE. Mr. President, I desire to
add a proviso, after the word "therein" in
the tenth line of the bill. I send it to the desk
to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That if any person, corporation, com-
pany, or partnership engaged in the business of
smelting copper ores shall import any foreign car-
bonate copper ores into theUnited States, and shall,
on making such importation, file with the collector
of the port into which such foreign copper ores were
imported, a bond, with security, to be approvod by
the collector of said port into which said ores are
imported, to use two tons of copper ore, mined in the
United States, to one ton of said imported ores in
the smelting of copper, such person, corporation,
company, or partnership shall be entitled to a draw-
back upon the foreign copper ores so imported to the
extent of the duty paid thereon: Provided, The said
person, corporation, company, or partnership shall
furnish evidence under regulations to be established
by the Secretary of the Treasury, that he, it, orthey
have, or has used the said copper ores so imported,
and also copper ores mined in the United States in
its, his, or their business, in the proportion of two
tons of copper ore mined in the United States to one
ton of imported copper ore.
Mr. WHYTE. Mr. President, I ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate for a very brief period
while I state the reasons which have impelled
me to ask the adoption of the proviso which
has just been read by the Clerk. I will state
frankly, to begin with, that I am opposed to
any change in the duty upon copper at all; but
if there is to be a change, I think it but right
and proper that an equitable and just rule
should be adopted.
By the tariff act of March 2, 1861, there is
levied upon copper ores imported into the
United States an advalorem tax or duty equiv-
alent to about three fourths of a cent per pound.
A proposition was made, I believe, during the
last session of Congress, to revise the whole
tariff act, and the subject was in the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means of the other House,
when suddenly this bill left its associates in the
general bill, came into the House with veloci-
pedal speed, almost passed at its last session—•
indeed I believe it was on its passage at the
moment when the Speaker's hammer fell and
announced the adjournment of Congress. At
this session in its very opening the same bill
shot from the House of Representatives into
the Senate like a meteor, was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and reported back
with favor almost before the ink had dried with
which its reference had been recorded. And
now, and daily almost since its report here,
we have heard and seen it pressed with an
ardor and warmth unsurpassed by anything 1
have witnessed during my short service in this
Chamber.
Now, let us see, Mr. President, what this
bill proposes. It proposes a change in the
duties on various articles; but I shall confine
myself solely to the ores, and leave to other
gentlemen more familiar wiLh the subject to
discuss the other propositions contained iu the
bill. It proposes in regard to ores to raise the
duly from three fourths of a cent a pound, or
its equivalent when imposed as an ad valorem,
to three cents a pound.
I would ask the Senators who have listened
to the discussion of this bill what reasons havo
been proposed why this change should take
place? I have looked and listened in vain for
any argument other than that it is required and
wanted by the copper miners on the southern
shore of Lake Superior. I find no argument
of a general character ; I find no reasons large
and liberal for such a policy; nothing whatever
to command the support and sanction of the
Senate but that the copper miners of Lake
Superior desire and demand it!
Sir, I am frank to say that if the issue here
was one between American laborers and foreign
laborers—I care not whether they be convicts
or not—if the issue here was simply for the
protection of American laborers against foreign
laborers, probably there would be but one side •
to the question in this Chamber. Or, again,
if it were to benefit a class of worthy men iu
our country and not to the detriment of another
and larger and quite as worthy class in other
parts of the country, it might have some pre-
text for its claim to the sympathy and to the
support of the Senate. But wo hear a protest
from the smelters and the miners throughout
the country on the Atlantic and Pacific coat.vs
against.the injustice of the passage of this bill.
We ate called upon to act on it as a Senate
legislating not for a class, not for-a locality,
