1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
410
not for two counties in a State, but legislating
for the whole country and the people of the
country.
We have heard the cry of distress from the
shores of Lake Superior, We have heard that
echoed and reechoed in this Chamber by the
distinguished Senators from the State of Mich-
igan. We have heard of the tenantless houses
and the homeless laborers. We have heard all
that, and it meets with a response of .sympathy
in every heart. But we can go into the great
city of New York and stand almost within
sound of the clinking of the gold in Wall street
and find two hundred thousand men, women,
and children out of work, raising up their hands
and asking for bread. Would to God we could
legislate for them all; but we might as well pass
laws to give work to the unemployed in New
York and Pennsylvania and Massachusetts as
to pass a bill like this, which is to benefit only
a small class in a State and to damnify a larger
and equally meritorious class in other States.
Now, what is the issue? The distinguished
Senators from Michigan tell the Senate that
they need this protection in Michigan—need it
where they have the native virgin copper, where
they have no expense of smelting, where all
that is required is to melt their copper. With
all these advantages they need protection, and
cannot live under a tariff which imposes three
fourths of a cent a pound duty! The smelters
and miners on the Atlantic coasts tell you that
if you take the tariff of 1801 and revise it by
granting a greater rate of duty than that already
imposed the duty becomes prohibitory, and
while you benefit that class in Michigan you
but rob Peter to pay Paul; you but take from
the miners and smelters on the coast and in
the interior of the country their livelihood and
their support, because the tariff you impose
becomes prohibitory in its character. They
go a step further, and they tell you that they
have no desire to prevent the enhancement of
the tariff upon sulphuret ores, which are the
competing ores with the ores of our country;
but they say to you that if you put such a duty
upon carbonates, which are absolutely an es-
sential for them in the economical smelting of
the sulphuret ores of that country, that tariff
becomes prohibitory and you destroy their
work.
Why, Mr. President, whenllooktotheopera-
tion of this bill and see tliat while it may be
beneficial to the gentleman's constituents in
Michigan it commits a most destructive assault
upon worthy people in other parts of the coun-
try, I am amazed that Senators whose voices
so often thunder in the Senate in behalf of equal
rights and equal privileges to all American citi-
zens should stand upon this door and ask pro-
tection to a class not exceeding ten thousand
in the aggregate as against a class numbering
hundreds of thousands throughout the United
States. *
No man who knows anything really of the
smelting of copper will maintain that you can-
not smelt sulphuret ores without the admixture
of carbonates. If any such statement is made
in any paper upon Senators' tables, it is a mis-
print; the word "economically" has evidently
been left out. No man who knows anything
of smelting will assert that you cannot smelt
them ; but he who knows anything of the pro-
cess of smelting will tell you that you cannot
smelt them cheaply or economically, you can-
not compete with the foreign copper unless you
can smelt cheaply your domestic ores by an
admixture of foreign carbonates.
I ask the attention of the Senate very briefly
—for I do not desire even on a subject of as
much interest as this to trespass long on the
time of the body—to that statement which I
have just made, that you cannot smelt cheaply
sulohuret ores without the admixture of car-
bonates. In the letter of Professor Piggot,
the onlv man 1 know of in America who has
ever published a book on the subject of smelt-
in", a man who stands preeminently high in his
profession, speaking of this very subject, says:
"It h difficult to define exactly the relative ex-
penses of the two processes."
That is, the smelting without carbonates and
the smelting with carbonates:
" To attempt to smeltcopper from sulphurets alone
would ruin any one who undertakes it at our pres-
ent prices of labor and coal."
And on page 12 of the same pamphlet, which
I find lying upon the tables of Senators, he
says:
" The judicious use of carbonates greatly dimin-
ishes the number of operations. The abbreviation
of smelting, in this respect, will depend upon the
skill of the workmen, in Chili they get blister cop-
per from the mixed carbonates and sulphurets in
three operations.
"X should suppose, in view of all these facts, that
the eoonomy efleeted by the use of the ores m ques-
tion would bo at least five conts a pound on the cop-
per produced."
Again:
" The smelting of sulphuret ores by themselves
would probably ruin either the miners or the smelt-
ers. If copper remains at its present price the ex-
penses of its production would be so enormously
increased that the price of ores, which are certainly
low enough already, would go down to a point at
which the miner eould not afford to raise them. The
result would be the destruction of both the mining
andsmelting interests, If, on the other hand, cop-
per should rise in value every article in which this
metal is employed would be enhanced, and the whole
public would be taxed without benefit to any one"—
except to the Lake Superior miners.
I, might refer also to the statement of Pro-
fessor Swell, which I find also upon the tables
of Senators, in which he maintains identically
the same ground; and therefore I say that Mr.
Raht or Mr. anybody else need not combat the
argument that you cannot smelt copper sul-
phuret ores at all. I do not suppose any man
of sense will make such an assertion; but in
order to smelt them without the use of carbon-
ates it requires ten or twelve processes, involv-
ing the most enormous labor and expense, while
if you use the carbonates you can reduce the
processes to from four to six or seven. There
is the point of the whole thing. It may be true
that the Tennessee Mining Company does not
use any carbonates in smelting its ores. It is
situated far from the Atlantic coast and the
expense of transporting heavy ores over rail-
roads or by navigation to their mines in order to
get carbouates might be much more expensive
than to cut down the wood all around them,
and to use charcoal for the process by which
they smelt; but that gentleman does not tell
us how cheaply he has smelted, andhedoesnot
tell us how much money he has lost by his
smelting. And if it be true, as I have heard
it alleged—and his letter bears some ear-marks
like it—that the stockholders of the Consoli-
dated Mining Company of Tennessee are more
largely interested m the mining companies upon
the shores of Lake Superior, the profit that is
to be made by the imposition of such a tariff
as this on the copper stock of Lake Superior
will counterbalance all the losses upon the Ten-
nessee stock. Wall street understands that
sort of financiering.
Another distinguished gentleman, but who,
I presume, is not an expert, Mr. Sibley, states
that it is from the carbonate that the Atlantic
smelter produces copper, and not from the na-
tive sulphuret ore. The easiest and best reply
to that is simply to ask the attention of _ the
Senate to what the cost of carbonate ores is in
South America without imposing any duty at
all, and then to look at the price of copper,
and then to inquire why it is that the smelters
of Maryland and all along the coast of New
J ersey are satisfied that the tariff should re-
main as it is, and with copper at only twenty-
three cents per pound. The cost to import
carbonate ores from South America on the 30th
of December last was as follows:
"A quintal is one hundred and one and forty-four
hundredths pounds. , „
Ore usually costs in South America three dollars per
quintal, which is, per ton of 2,240 pounds f.o() ot
Export duty about....     •••■■  1 0U
Commissions for buying and snipping, hve per
cent..       
Cost of sampling, assaying, itc  1 00
freight, £3 5s. sterling  1° 16
$87 61
"One ton of eighteen per cent. ore is four hundred
and three pounds copi-icr, making copper in ore cost
twenty-one and three quarter cents per pound m
i gold, not including any duties or exchange.
If it costs in South America twenty-one and
three fourths cents per pound without duty,
and without adding exchange, without the cost
of smelting in this country, how can it be true
when these smelting companies tell you they
are satisfied that it shall remain as it is. ana
copper only brings twenty-three cents a pound'/
If we are to depend upon facts and arguments,
it is unanswerable. If we are to be led by
feeling, if it is the desire merely to foster and
pamper one class to the damnification of another
class, facts and figures are valueless; but if
they are argument, I ask some gentleman to
tell me how can it be true that the president
of a smelting company is satisfied things shall
remain as they are with copper bringing but
twenty-three cents a pound, and carbonates
in Chili costing twenty-one and three fourths
cents per pound? The answer is that the allega-
tion of the smelters is true and not false, that
they only use a proportionate part of foreign
carbonates to work the sulphuret ores of our
own country; that they use them in the pro-
portion of one ton to two of the others. AH
that they ask is, and that is the proviso which
I have submitted to the consideration of the
Senate, that they may be permitted, for the pur-
pose of working the mines of your own country,
for the purpose of developing the wealth of
your own land, to import that which is neces-
sary to the economical smelting of the ores of
your country in the proportion of one third
foreign to two thirds native.
Now, I ask the attention of the Senate to
another proposition. As I said before, the
copper mines of Lake Superior furnish cop-
per in the mass—virgin copper. From 1845
to 1851 they turned out but five thousand tons
in the whole eight years; and now the produc-
tion is only about nine million pounds; and
yet there are consumed in this country and
exported from this countiy from twenty-four
to twenty-five million pounds each year, show-
ing that the Lake Superior mines only contrib-
ute to the amount ol' copper consumed iu and
exported from this country a proportion pf
one third ; and yet you are asked to put a tax
upon the two thirds in order to pay the one
third more than its get now. What else will
it do ? It is nothing more nor less, taking as
the basis nine million pounds a year, than this:
if they have not sold that copper you aremak-
ing them a present of $225,000. That is the
effect of this bill—a bonus to the Lake Supe-
rior mines of $225,000 this year, and next year,
and in proportion as they produce. Where
does it go? Who is to pay for it? The ship-
builders of Maine and Massachusetts; the
manufacturers of Connecticut, Massachusetts,
and New Jersey. All those have got to pay
for the copper that they roll a bonus of
$225,000 to the copper mines of Lake Supe-
rior.
But that is not all. The Government of the
United States, which it is our duty to protect
upon the floor of this Chamber, is bound to
contribute a large portion of this tax that you
are putting upon the copper of the country.
Go to the Washington navy-yard and see there
the magnificent copper-rolling mill belonging
to the Government. There you will find that
they use about one-million six hundred thou-
sand pounds a year, only one half of which
comes from Lake Superior; the other half
comes from the copper-smelting companies on
the Atlantic borders, I tell the Senate—-and
they will pardon me if I say so—for sixty odd
years my people were manufacturers of cop-
per; but never since 1868 have any of us had
any relation with the copper interests of the
country, either in the holding of a dollar's
worth of stock of any sort or description, or
in any other wa.y. But for sixty odd years we
were manufacturers of copper, and manufac-
tured the very copper that covered the dome
of your Capitol until it was displaced by the
iron structure which now adorns it- After
being personally, for ten years, interested in
the business of rolling and manufacturing
copper, and president of a copper comjj^ny, 1
assert, upon my knowledge and responsibility,
