1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
1371
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. In line seventeen hundred
and thirteen, after the word "twenty," I move
to insert " fiveso as to make th« appropria-
tion for the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada, presents of goods,
&c., $25,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The appropria-
tion in the bill is precisely the amount that was
appropriated last year, and in a foot-note to
the estimates I find this as the only reasoh for
increasing it:
The sum asked for is the amount usually appro-
priated, and has not been found too large."
I suppose that might be said of any appro-
priation that was ever made. I hope it will
stand as it is.
Mr. HARLAN. I ought to say that there
are about nine thousand Indians in the State
of Nevada. Until last year the appropriation
made was $25,000. The Government has no
treaties with these Indians. They consequently
rely exclusively on the discretion of Congress
and its generosity. ■ As there are nine thou-
sand of them, and the white population is
spreading over the country and destroying the
game, it was thought that they ought to have
the usual appropriation. Why it was cut down
below the estimates last year I do not know.
The committee know of no reason why it
should be done, nor does the department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line seventeen hundred
and twenty I move to strike out "forty " and
insert "fifty;" so as to make the appropria-
tion for the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in New Mexico, -presents of
goods, &c., $50,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I can say
about that is that $40,000 were appropriated
last year, and so far as the committee have any
evidence it was sufficient for the service, ex-
cept that there is a foot-note here in the esti-
mates which says:
"The sum asked for has been appropriated for
Fears, and it has notproved sufficient for the service
in said Territory."
That is all the information there is on the
subject.
Mr. HARLAN. There are about twenty
thousand Indians in New Mexico. The Gov-
ernment has treaties with none of them except
the Navajoes. They are in the same situation
as the Indians in the State of Nevada. They
rely on, the discretion of Congress. If in the
opinion of Congress they ought not to have it,
of course it will not be appropriated ;. but it
does seem to me that if treaties are not to be
made with these Indians we ought to obviate
the necessity for them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line seventeen hundred
and thirty-five I move to strike out " fifteen "
and to insert "twenty-five;" so as to make
the appropriation for general incidental ex-
penses of the Indian service in Utah Territory
$25,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. "What is the
reason for that ?
Mr. HARLAN. That is precisely like the
other amendment, in accordance with the esti-
mate, and the same reason exists for restoring
it to the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HARLAN. In line seventeen hundred
and forty-four I move to strike out " five " and
insert "ten,"' so as to make the appropriation
$10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me see
about that. The clause now reads:
For this amount, to carry oat tho action contem-
plated by actof Congress approved May 5,1864, enti-
tled " An act to vacate and sell the present Indian
reservations in Utah Territory, and to settle said
Indians in tho Uintah valley," $5,000.
This is said to be the usual appropriation.
How long is that going to last ? I will ask the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
whether it is understood that that is perpetual'?
It seems to have been intended as a temporary
affair.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no treaty with
these Indians, and consequently there is noth-
ing to terminate this appropriation made by
the Government but the discretion of Congress
itself. As the Senator very well knows, we are
in treaty relations with some of the Indians;;
but there is adifference of opinion on the sub-
ject of making treaties. There are some Sea;
ators and members of the other House who
think we ought" to make no treaties with the
Indians. The Government is attempting to
conform to that idea in relation to some In-
dians—those residing in New Mexico, Utah,
and Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the
committee to offer the following amendment,
to come in after line seventeen hundred and
forty-four:
Wyoming Territory:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Wyoming territory, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to loeate in permanent abodes and
sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life,
to bo expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, $20,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.' We have no such
territory.
Mr. HARLAN. We passed a law to organize
it last summer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That territory
is not organized; there is no separate Indian
department there, I take it. The territory has
never been organized, and I suppose it is in-
cluded under some other superintendence. I
think the proposition is p,remature.
Mr. HARLAN. Congress has passed a law
to organize'this territory. It is not yet organ-
ized ; but the honorable Senator will remem-
ber that this bill is for the fiscal year beginning
on the 1st of next July and terminating on the
30th of June following, and it is believed that
the territory will be fully organized long before
th'at period; and in making up the estimates
others were reduced in order to bring this
amount under this bead, to be expended by
the Governor of the territory, as is usual, as
ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it is not
allowable.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. In line seventeen hundred
and fifty-two I move to strike out "$11,000"
and to insert "$22,500;" so that the clause
will read:
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing agricultural implements and stock, pay
of necessary employes, purchasing: clothing, medi-
cine, iron and steel, maintenance of schools for In-
dians lately residing in Texas but now residing on
the Choctaw leasehold, tp be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, $22,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a pretty
big increase. I must inquire into that. What
is the authority on which it is offered?
Mr. HARLAN. These are Indians who
were living in Texas before the war and dur-
ing the continuance of the war, and have been
moved up by the Government on what has
been known heretofore as the leased lands.
The Government has no treaties with those
Indians. There are about two thousand of
them. They are Indians who are difficult to
manage. They are inclined to roam and dep-
redate on the settlements, and have destroyed"
immense amounts of property in Texas and
also on the frontiers further north. The
department think they will be unable to pro-
vide for them and keep them on that reservation
with a less amount of money. That is all I
have to say on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is so gen-
eral as hardly to justify me in drawing any con-
clusion whatever. There is a foot-note to the
estimates in these words:
"Theamountestimatedfor has been appropriated 1
for year?, and it has been found absolutely necessary i
for the Indians of said district to keep them quiet 1
and peaceable."
They had $11,000 last yenr, and there does
not seem to be any complaint that that did not
keep them peaceable. Unless there is some
experience contrary to the appropriation of
last year I hope the Senator will not insist
upon it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out.lines
seventeen hundred and eighty, seventeen hun-
dred and eighty-one, seventeen hundred and
eighty-two, and seventeen hundred and eighty-
three, in these words: :
For subsistence, clothing, and general incidental
expenses of the Sisseton, Wahpeton.Medawakautoo
and Waunakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians
at their new homes, $50,000. ■ ■
The Indians referred to are included in an
amendment heretofore adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I wish to offer an amendment
to come in at that point.  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the Senator
from Iowa through with his amendments ?
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir; but the amend-
ment of the Senator from California is appli-
cable to this part of the bill, and hence I will
allow it to be offered.
Mr. COLE. My amendment is to come in
on page 73 just after the one adopted. It is
in line seventeen hundred and sixty-eight, after
the word "reservations," to insert:
And one special agent, one physician, and two
teacheis, for the Mission Indians of California.
This makes no additional appropriation. It
comes in under the appropriation raade in the
bill. " .
Mr. MORRILL, -of Maine. Then you had
better say, "to be paid for out of this appro-
priation."
Mr. COLE. Tljat is in the provision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
has no objection to having it expressed ?
Mr. COLE. Not at all; but it is to be paid
out of that appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment does not increase the appropriation ?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; not at all. It sim-
ply enables the persons having charge of the
Indians at the Round valley and the Hoopa
valley reservations to use the money appro-
priated for the benefit of the Mission Indians,
who need it very much indeed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eighteen hundred
and four I move to strike out, " ten " and insert
"twenty."
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator why that
motion is made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read at the desk before being de-
bated.
The Chief Ci,ep.k, The amendment is in
line eighteen hundred and four, to strike out
"ten" and insert "twenty;" so that the clause
will read :
For insurance, transportation, mid necessary ex-
penses of the delivery of annuities and provisions
to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and Michigan,
$20,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no objection to that.
I thought the amendment was to strike out the
appropriation entirely.
Mr. MORRILL. ofMaine. You do not want
any reason for adding to the bill. [Laughter.]
I suppose that a proposition to add anything
is a self-evident proposition to the honorable
Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
that is quite self-evident. The clause is:
For insurance, transportation, and iiccessary ex-
penses of tho delivery of annuities and provisions to
the Indian tribes in Minnesota and Michigan,
$10,000.
1 think this is the appropriation that was
made last year, and I have heard no complaint
that the Indians did not get their annuities.
Mr. HARLAN. The explanation of that is
this: the amount was cut down last year below
the estimates ; bat the Department was able to
deliver the goods on account of having an unex-
pended balance under this sanse head of a pre-
