420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
that no company on the Atlantic coast can
roll the lake copper without the admixture of t
other copper to make their copper good. I
ask Senators to go to the copper-rolling mill
at the navy-yard, which is now presided over
by a man whom we educated and gave to the
Government, and ask him if he will roll Lake
Superior copper unless he has the Baltimore
copper to admix with it. It is too soft. In
refining the copper — I speak from personal
experience—I always, while president of a
company, found that it was absolutely neces-
sary to use one third of the Lake Superior
copper with two thirds of the Baltimore cop-
per. If you put this high tariff upon copjper,
you put the lake copper in possession entirely
of the market; and when you go down to your
own rolling mill here at the Washington navy-
yard,and see there a million and a half pounds
of copper rolled in the year, you will find that
by your vote you gave to the Lake Superior
mines $36,000 as a bonus to drive out of the
market every other class of copper in this
country.
These are facts which no man cati gainsay;
and with these facts before the Senate will the
Senate say that they will listen to the complaint
of miners in one State alone, occupying prob-
ably two counties of that State? Will they
hear their cry and turn a deaf ear to the cry
of others from all parts of the country? Is it
right to create a monopoly in copper, to build
up one class to the injury of another? Will
you strike down the miners upon the Pacific
coast who have sent thousands and thousands
of tons to Baltimore and to Swansea—nearly as
much to Baltimore as to Swansea; the miners
of Nevada, North Carolina, Maryland, Ver-
mont, and New Jersey, to benefit those of Mich-
igan alone? But, on the other hand, will you
not do even and exact justice to all, and by
adopting the proviso which I have offered for
the consideration of the Senate put your high
tariff, if you please, on siilphuret ores which
compete with our native sulphurets, but in
order to the working of our native sulphurets
allow us a drawback upon the carbonate ores
when we satisfy the proper officers of the rev-
enue department that we have used two tons
of native ore to each one ton of foreign ore
that we have imported ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
rise to speak in behalf of any interest in my
own State, or of any interest whatever ; but 1
feel bound to state very briefly the reasons
why the Committee on Finance reported this
bill 111 its present form. It was introduced
into the House of Representatives at the last
session, reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means, and finally at the present session
was passed by a vote of about two to one. It
came to the Senate and was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and there it was more
or less discussed.
The rates proposed by this bill are substan-
tially the rates agreed upon two sessions ago,
when the whole tariff question was before the
Committee on Finance. The rates then re-
ported by the Committee on Financc were :
"On regulus of copper fifteen percent.; on copper
in pigs, five cents per pound."
The same that is now provided.
"Or. old copper, fifteen per cent, advalorem."
Taking copper at the foreign valuation, at
from twenty-live to twenty-seven cents, which
Senators on all hands agree to be the present
market price, the rates fixed by this bill are a
little less than twenty per cent, on the foreign
valuation; so that they are about the same
with scarcely any variations as the rates agreed
upon two years ago in the general revision of
the tariff.
It seems to me it is not necessary to go into
a comparison of duties to show that this is a
very low rate of duty. There is no other article
even of raw production that can be produced
in this country which bears a lower rate of
duty. I believe twenty per cent, is the rate of
duty even on lumber, the process of unmanu-
factured material. So that the rate of duty
provided by this bill is as low as any rate that
can afford any protection to the Lake Superior
interests. It is less than or about as low as
any duty levied on any American production,
however raw may be the state of it.
Now, the question occurs, why separate this
subject from the general tariff bill ? Why take
up and consider this matter for the relief of
the interests of Lake Superior until we can
revise the general tariff, which cannot, prob-
ably, be done at this session ? The only answer
that can be made to that is, that the copper
interest, according to the testimony produced
before us, was in a state of utter distrust and
prostration. They did not formerly desire any
protection on copper. It appears from the
history of the discovery of the mines and work-
ing of mines of copper in Luke Superior that
until the war there was no demand on the part
of the Representatives of the State of Michi-
gan, or on the part of those interested, for any
protection whatever ; but they allege that the
taxes put upon industry in various forms during
the war, the increased price of living, the
increased cost of labor, and all the various
elements that enter into the increased price
of the manufacture of copper place them at a
disadvantage, a disadvantage created by out-
laws, and unless we can give them some pro-
tection to counteract the disadvantage thus
created against them they will lose the benefit
of the home market, and the native ores of
Lake Superior, which are dug out in a state
of almost pure metal, will be driven out of the
market and superseded by the productions
from the copper ores of Peru, Chili, and other
foreign countries. Theseconsiderationsseemed
to be sufficient to account for separating this
question from the general tariff bill and asking
the vote of the Senate upon it. The bill came
to us in this form frona the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Jlr. President, I have carefully examined
the papers submitted to us by Mr. Martin, the
president of the company referred to, and the
various papers presented against this bill, and
I must confess they have not made much im-
pression upon me. According to their state-
ment it requires about one ton of carbonate
of copper to mix with two or three tons of sul-
phuret of copper to make copper, and the
production from these ores united with the
copper of Lake Superior, which is produced by
smelting, makes the best form of copper. I
will ask my friend from Maryland if I am right
about that?
Mr. WHYTE. Yes, sir.
! Mr. SHERMAN. Now, if you pass this bill
what will be the effect of it? 'The only duty
levied upon the carbonate of copper is three
cents per pound of pure ore in that copper.
The pure ore is worth, in gold, on the foreign
valuation, at the present market price, twenty-
seven cents a pound ; so that the only tax upon
the ore will be three ccnts on twenty-seven, or
about eleven or twelve per cent. And remem-
ber that this tax does not apply to the whole
of the ore used in the production of copper in
Baltimore, but it only applies to one ton out
of three, or one ton out of four. They use
three of sulphuret for one of carbonate. So
that the Baltimoremanufacturer will only have
to pay a duty of three cents on an article that
is worth in its foreign state, in gold, twenty-
seven cents, or only about eleven or twelve
per cent., or one third of the ore used by him
in the manufacture. It seems to me this is
not so severe a burden upon him ; not so great
as to destroy his business, that we should re-
fuse to give to an interest that maintains a large
population in a remote portion of Michigan,
and which has already caused the investment
of over fifty million dollars, some immediate
relief. The duty now levied upon copper,
when distributed and added to the price, as it
will be, of the copper manufactured, will not
be any very material increase of the cost of the
manufactured article.
I think, myself, that in connection with this
increase of duty on the ore, there ought to be
sows increase p# the coarser fabrics of copper
manufacture; bat tfe&i 5fOBld open a very wide
and very difficult subject, because copper is
made the basis of an infinite variety of manu-
facture, extending to a multitude of small arti-
cles, screws and a great variety of objects, where
the great cost of the article is in the labor of
manufacture and not in the cost of copper.
Indeed, copper forms the element, the basis
of manufacture in a multitude of small articles
of household economy where the cost of the
copper forms but a very small portion of the
cost of the finished article. It seems to me,
therefore, that the increased cost of copper
made by this bill will not seriously damage any
manufacturing industry, while it will give a
reasonable relief to an interest that on all hands
is admitted to be in the sorest distress.
These are the reasons, briefly stated, why
the Committee on Finance reported this bill
without amendment. It does not, as I said
before, affect any of the interests of Ohio. We
are not interested in copper ore or the produc-
tion of copper ore. But we cannot maintain
the tariff system by any serious discrimination
between articles of American production. The
idea of exempting the raw material fronj all
taxes and putting a heavier duty on the manu-
factured article is only a question of degree.
Every article of American production is a raw
material in some state. Copper to the miner
is not a raw material; it is the product of his
labor. The copper in the mine is of no value
whatever. Thp value of that copper repre-
sents the amount of labor it costs to produce
it. When it is smelted and put into bars it has an
additional value. Whenitisrolled into sheets it
has an additional value. Then the sheet copper
becomes a raw material in the manufacture of
a great multitude of other articles, and those arti-
cles themselves become the raw material with
which the house-builder builds a house, with
which a locomotive tnay be built, and the loco-
motive completed, with copper making a part
of its cost, becomes a raw material for the
great railroad interests of the country; so that
it is impossible to discriminate and say that on
an article of manufacture a duty may be levied,
but on a raw product of the mine, or of the
farm, or of the workshop no duty should be
levied. I believe that the coarser the fabric,
the more bulky it is, the less protection is
required. It seems to me that the rule and
theory of protection would extend to every
branch of American industry. The great diffi-
culty is in apportioning and arranging and dis-
tributing the burden of protective duties. I
think that this is not an unreasonable duty,
and that the passage of thisbillwillnot oppress
any interest, while it will relieve the copper
interests of Lake Superior.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall
occupy the time of the Senate but for a few
minutes. Being entirely unable to throw any
additional light on the subject, I think my best
policy will be to make a very short speech and
let this bill be brought to a vote at the earliest
possible moment.
It is not to be denied, of course, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the great interest felt in the passage
of this bill is confined more particularly to that
class of our fellow-citizens who are interested
in mining in what is known as the upper pen-
insula of Michigan. The reason is very plain.
That region contains the richest deposits of the
ore of copper to be found anywhere upon the
continent. We have invested, honestly and
fairly, in the business of copper-miuing m that
upper peninsula more than sixty million dol-
lars, the productiveness of which investment
depends upon the productiveness and value of
the mines. This is not to be doubted. Nobody
who has given the subject proper attention will
be disposed to deny, for it cannot be truthfully
denied, that in consequence of the present low
rate of duty upon copper ores that iuteresG
has become almost prostrated, and unless those
who are interested in the business receive
something like reasonable aid and protection
at the hands of the Government they will be
compelled to discontinue their labors, to with-
draw their capital, so far as it is possible to
withdraw it, froro the present investments, and
