1372
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
vious year. The amount of goods to be deliv-
ered, I understand, is about $80,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Here is the
comment on the appropriation of last year :
"The amount estimated for is the usual appropri-
ation. When it is considered that bat few of the
appropriations for the different tribes in said States
contain termsfor insurance, transportation, &c„ and
also the distance and the necessary eostof delivering
them to the Indians, as well as paying their money
annuity, it must he seen that the sum asked for will
Be necessary for the purpose."
There is no intimation here that the sum of
$10,000 appropriated last year was not ade-
quate. Still, if the Senator who represents the
Committee on Indian Affairs has examined this
matter so as to form a personal judgment that
this is right, I withdraw any objection to it.
Otherwise, I submit that we bad better adhere
to the text of the bill.
Mr. IIAELAN. Tbe judgment formed by
the committee, including myself, was based
upon facts furnished from the Department.
When we made inquiry as to whether they wore
able to succeed in delivering these annuity
goods with the appropriation made last year
the explanation was that they were on account
ofbeingin possession of anunexpendedbalance
of an appropriation for the previous year. By
applying the unexpended balance they were
svUc to get along with $10,000. But I will not
insist on this whole amount if the Senator's
judgment would dictate a modification, if he
has given it personal attention.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no judg-
ment about it except what is formed from the
appropriation of last year, and it is rather a
presumption of law than a judgment of my own.
Mr. IIAELAN. As the Senator seems to
doubt whether the amount named may be neces-
sary, and I do not know personally that the
whole of it will be, I will consent to modify
the amendment so as to make it road $15,000
instead of .$20,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eighteen hundred
and seventeen 1 move to strike out "two " and
insert, "three;" so that the clause will road ;
To pay expenses inourrcdin tnkiiigconsus of N ortli
Carolina Oherokeo Indians, $3,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
bow many Cherokee Indians there are in North
Carolina?
Mr. HARLAN. I am informed there are
about nineteen hundred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Can it cost $3,500
to take a census of that tribe ?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 understand the census has
been taken, and this is a balaneo necessary to
pay expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does that help
it any? Is it possible that it is necessary to
incur an expenditure of $3,600 to take a census
of nineteen hundred Indians in the State of
North Carolina?
Mr. GRIMES. Under what authority was
it done ?
Mr. HARLAN. It was done under aspeeial
act of Congress directing a census to be taken.
They arc entitled to ccrtain annuities paid by
the Secretary of tbe Treasury, and they desired
to have a perfected list of the Indians who
were entitled to payment. It was taken, I be-
lieve, under a spccial act of Congress. The
Department report that the work has been done,
and there is a part of that amount to cover the
expense. That is all there is about it. If Con-
gress chooses to appropriate it, all right; if
not, let it stand so.
Mr. -MORRILL, of Maine. Do I understand
the chairman to say that an appropriation was
formerly made?
Mr. HARLAN. I think so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then this is for
8 balance. How much was there appropriated ?
Mr. HARLAN. Twenty-fivehundreddollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then this will
wake $>0,lK)0 lor taking a census of nineteen
hundred iudiaus. I think that is a little steep.
Mr. HARLAN. The whole amount in con-
troversy is only a])Out five hundred dollars. If
the Senator is particular about it I will not
press it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I begin to feel
particular on the other side. My judgment is
that it ought to be cut down ; that the appro-
priation of $2,500 in the bill is too much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has $2,500 been ap-
propriated and spent?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is an
appropriation of $2,500 in addition to $2,500
already spent.
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. I so understood.
Mr. HARLAN. There was no appropri-
ation made before. This is to cover the whole
expense.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then, let it
stand as it is in the bill. Perhaps 1 misappre-
hended the clerk from the Department. In
answer to my inquiry, I understood him to say
that $2,500 had been appropriated heretofore.
I understand now that this is the only appro-
priation that has been made for the whole ser-
vice. I hope, therefore, the chairman will
withdraw his proposition to increase it.
Mr. HARLAN. I am perfectly willing to
withdraw it or to have the Senate voteitdown.
This work has been done, and the Department
reports that it cost $3,000. The bill as it
comes to tlieSenate provides $2,500—just $500
short. If "the Senate think that $500 of this
work ought "not to be paid for, or think that the
Department contracted at a higher rate than
ought to be paid, they will reject the amend-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee have in-
structed mo to move an amendment changing
the phraseology in lino eighteen hundred ana
twenty-two. After the word "territory," in
that line?, I move to insert the words "and
southeastern portion of Oregon;" so that the
clause will read:
For this amount, or so muoli thereof (is may bo
neoessary to rccst iblisli tho Slioshones, Bannocks,
and other strolling bands of Indians in the southern
portion of Idaho Territory and southeastern portion
of Uietron on the Fort Hall reservation, on Snake
river, Idaho Territory,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eighteen hundred
and twenty-three, after the word "territory,"
1 move to insert "oron theSiletzreservation
in Oregon, as tho Secretary of the Interior may
determine."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, after the word "dollars," I
move to insert the following:
For this amount, or so much thereof as luay be
neccssary to aid in subsisting said Indians for tho
first year after their settlement on said reservation,
no part of which is to be expended until said In-
dians shall bo so established, and to bo applied -pro
rata as said settlement shall bo made, $25,000.
Mr. MOR.1ULL, of Maine. I do not think
we ought to agree to that amendment,. The
contingency may never happen that they will
move there. It is appropriating in advance.
Mr. COIiBETT. 1 hope this appropriation
will be made. I hold in my hand a report from
the superintendent of Indian affairs of Oregon,
who has traveled thirteen hundred and fifty-
five miles through all the southeastern portion
of Oregon. He reports that there are some
twenty military posts there at which Indians
are gathered, numbering from one hundred
and fifty to seven hundred at each post, in con-
sequence of their being subdued by General
Crook. He recommends that these Indians
be removed to the Siletz reservation in Oregon,
in order that they may be taken away from
these military posts and civilized. If we do
this we shall save an expense of perhaps two
million dollars, which is requisite in keeping
up these military posts. It is necessary to take
these Indians away and to establish them upon
reservations and civilize them. This appro-
priation is entirely inadequate, in my opinion,
to accomplish it satisfactorily. I think it ought
to be raised above that amount; it ought to be
nearer $50,000 ; but I do not wish to burden
the bill with an exorbitant appropriation ; and
therefore I consented to an appropriation of
$25,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
what this proposition alludes to. It is entirely
new matter of which I have had no notice, and
therefore I cannot say that I am rightin oppos-
ing it. But in the first place, it. will be seen
that here is an appropriation of $30,000 for
the specific purpose of reestablishing the Sho-
shones, Bannacks, and other strolling bands of
Indians. I do not know why that thing is being
done, or by what authority.
Mr. CORBBTT. I understand that it was
directed a year ago that these Indians be placed
upon the I'ort Hall reservation, but there was
not a sufficient reservation made for that pur-
pose. Consequently, they have been compelled
to leave these Indians until they could get a
sufficient appropriation to remove tliein. I
desire to state that the reason why 1 inserted
the Siletz reservation in Oregon was that the
superintendent of Oregon has visited this coun-
try and has examined into the matter particu-
larly and has made a report. I have read his
report. In order to save the Government the
extraordinary expenses that are now incurred
in keeping up these military posts for these
nineteen hundred and eighty Indians, he pro-
poses to remove the Bannacks and Slioshones
upon the Fort Hall reservation, or if they so
determine to remove them on the Siletz reser-
vation. If this is done I am certain it will
save the Government from five hundred thou-
sand to perhaps a million dollars in dispensing
with the troops that are now kept there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have examined this
matter, and I understand they believe it is
necessary to carry out the estimate of last year.
I do not know that I feel authorized to divide
the Senate upon it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed to offer the
following amendment to follow the amendment
just adopted, to insert after line eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-four:
To pay the expenses of two commissioners, under
tenth article treaty February 27,1867, with the I'ot-
tawatomics. $2,500.
For deficiency in the appropriation for "contin-
gencies, Indian department."caused by reason of tho
small amount appropriated for the fiscal yoarcndinK
June 30, I860, and the expenses necessarily incuirod
by the employment of extra clerks to enable tho
bureau to comply with the requirements of the third
section of tho act of March 2,1867, £11,500,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line five of section two
the committee have instructed me to move an
amendment to change the phraseology. I
move to insert after the word " package " the
words "in tho presence of the head men of
the tribe; " and in line seven, after the word
"best," to insert the words "in the presence
of the agent or superintendent; " so that the
section will read:
Thatall goods and merchandise furnished any tribo
or band of Indians under the provisions of any act,
shall be turned over by the agent or superintendent,
of such tribe or band to the chiefs of tho tribe or
band in bulk and in the original package, in the
presence of the head tnen of the tribe, to be distrib-
uted to the tribe or band by the chiefs in such man-
ner as the chiefs may deem best, in the presence oi
the agent or superintendent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed to offer an
amendment to come in at the end of the first
section, on page 75. It consists of seveial
items, and they can be acted on separately.
The Chief Clerk read the first item, as fol-
lows :
For this amount, or so much thereof as maybe necos
sary, to furnish subsistence for Kiowas.Comanche?,
Arapahoes, Apaches, and confederated bands, ;)t or
near Fort Cobb and south of the Slate of Kansas, for
the fiscal year ending June -J, 1870, §101,501.
Mr. HARLAN. This is for the .subwistonce
of the Indians who are being collected now in
the vieinityof Fort Cobb, in the Indian terri-
