196
APPENDIX TO THE OONGlfeSSI-ONAE GLOBE.
[February 8,
SSNAT®."
Buffifrdife Const,if.utiorial Amendment—Mr. Fotder.
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
dom of matter and asserted the freedom of the
individual: As a" consequence of this, Greece,
the first to recognize personal supremacy, be-
came a free government of free and independ-
ent States. ' 8he remained free so long as the
States maintained their- individuality. When
the stron^arm of the Macedonian king was laid
heavily upon them, molding them into on^
great empire, the liberties of Greece, with all
its universe of beauty, art, oratory, history,
and philosophy, passed to the domain of his-
tory. So must the increase of a central power
too great for the centrifugal force of the States
affect our Government.
The freedom of the individual depends on
the all-absorbing love and sympathy of one
individual for another. The playmates of our
boyhood hours never cease to command our
affection and our aid. Our neighbors and
associates are better calculated to protect our
rights than strangers who know us not. Hence
the right of trial by jury. It gives to the citi-
zen the right of being judged by those who best
know his character and his motives and who
feel more disposed to extend justice tempered
with mercy to him. States are divided into
counties and districts the better to guard the
rights and interests of the people. For the
same reason the Republic must be divided into
local State governments.
The national officials execute their duties
without sympathy or restraint. The citizen
of Maine cannot feel properly for the people
of Texas; and the reverse of this is also true.
Our institutions have fenced around the liber-
ties of the citizen with all possible safeguards
and barriers. Not power, but reason, interest,
and affection should govern. To send foreign
judges into a State or community, orto remove
the citizen to distant States for trial, would
contradict and overthrow all the ends of our
institutions. Governments have never fallen
from the power of the citizen in the State, but
from the centralization of power in the prince
or in a body.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. What better protection to human
liberty do you propose to give than the ballot?
Mr. FOWLER. I will endeavor to show the
honorable Senator from Nevada that I am in
favor of giving the ballot to every citizen. No
individualof matureyearsandsanemindcan be
righteously controlled without his or her con-
sent to the political force that is to govern him
or her. While I maintain the inviolability of the
individual, I do not forget that the States have
an existence and rights and a function in our
Government. They fill a place, and a very im-
portant one in our institutions. They were or-
ganized and preserved there by our fathers, and
there they must remain while civil liberty has
an advocate. When the national Government
has attracted all power to it the States will
cease^ to exist, and with them the rights and
liberties of the citizen. As long as they main-
tain their course the system will move on in
harmony. _ As I adore the rights and dignity
of the individual I would maintain the guard-
ian that preserves these rights. I would pre-
serve the jewel by preserving the casket in
which it is inclosed. Other republics have
risen and flourished, other peoples could boast
of their liberty and free institutions, their power
and all-conquering enterprise. They have all
passed from the roll of nations and are now
known only by the historian. They felt as
confident in their capacity to preserve forever
their liberties as the American. They yielded
day by day to the seductions of ambitious
demagogues and the corroding influences of
wealth and vanity until the organic structure
of their government was completely under-
mined. _ While a nation preserves a sacred
veneration for the wisdom and virtues of its
founders it is secure; when they cease to
remember these they have fallen.
The founders of the American nation were
thoroughly conversant with the art of govern-
ment. They had studied profoundly all the
writers of ancient and modern times. To their
great learning they brought a large and sad
experience in all that could instruct and qual-
ify man for a profound understanding of the
institutions necessary to protect and preserve
his liberty. Adversity, the great teacher, had
been their constant companion. It had wrung
from them all that men naturally endowed with
the highest gifts of intellect and wisdom were
capable of producing. Their works are treas-
ures of wisdom clothed in a style never excelled
for clearness, force, and elegance. The wisest
and richest statesmen of England have done
homage to their worth and talents. The great-
est men of our Republic that have succeeded
them have always turned with reverence to
their counsels. Having taken my lessons in
reference to the framework of the Republic
from the writings of those who founded it, I
am unwilling now to reject their advice or to
treat lightly their great labors. The people
of this Republic have not forgotten the labors
of their ancestors nor ceased to venerate their
great work. Having through life bowed in
humble adoration to the sacred rights of the
individual, I have always advocated his right
to the exercise of the ballot. I have advocated
the most enlarged and Christian duty of the
State to guaranty this right to the citizen. I
desire now to give some reasons why all men
should have the ballot.
The question is not withoutgrave objections,
and has not been submitted to the test of ex-
perience in any Government. The principle
has long been settled, so far as the Anglo-Saxon
race is concerned, that taxation without repre-
sentation is unjust and oppressive. After a
gradual progress in the light of republican in-
stitutions the great majority advocate the right
of the white man to the ballot. The doctrine
that the colored races should exercise the same
prerogative has not so generally been admitted.
I will endeavor to set forth the reasons that
have influenced many to oppose their enfran-
chisement and the reasons that have oper-
ated on others to favor the principle. The
chief arguments for and against it are directed
toward the negro race. I will therefore make
my argument mainly with reference to this
race.
The natural pride of race, always active and
strong, particularly in the English race, would
not readily brook the idea of equality even in
political rights. The debased condition of one
race has intensified this feeling. There are
many persons who distrust the capacity of the
individual for self-government. There are
comparatively few persons who really believe
that each individual of the higher races under-
stands best his own interests. It is not uncom-
mon to find the most profuse eulogists of
humanity insisting upon impressing their own
convictions or views upon the legislation of the
country, utterly unwilling to trust the decision
of the people.
The influence of party associations and tri-
umphs control the action of a very great num-
ber, and often retard salutary reforms in society
and government. The enfranchisement of the
colored races has acted upon this class with
the cumulative force of party and personal pre-
judice and selfishness. There are very many
influenced by what they regard as special dis-
qualifications in the negro race. His long
servitude to the white race, his barbarism in
his native country from the dawn of his exist-
ence, the fact that he has of himself made no
advancement in science, religion, or the art of
government beyond the rudest known to hu-
manity all tend to impress the white race
unfavorably.
These are substantial facts that stand forth
as almost irresistible arguments against incor-
porating the colored African faces into the
body-politic of the Republic. They are argu-
ments that only experience, education, and the
successful use of the ballot can answer. Elo-
quent homilies on the rights of men, earnest
appeals in favor of human brotherhood, will do
no good. Men long admit the truth of propo-
sition before they become a jjart of their lives.
Human philosophy and religion has advanced
none in its dogmas for two thousand years.
Plato is at present more powerful in his prin-
ciples than he was eighteen hundred years'ago.
The precepts of Christianity were just as clearly
defined and quite as well illustrated eighteen
hundred years ago as they are to-day. Since
these epochs there have been no discoveries
in the duties pertaining to humanity. It
is true that the world of mankind has made
very rapid advances in learning and reducing
to practice principles long since discovered,
but no new discoveries have been made. It
will require many generations to pass before
the race has reduced to actual life the precepts
of the past. It is now actual, living action that
benefits the world. It is not principle but con-
duct that can now benefit mankind.
Having long advocated the doctrine an-
nounced in the Declaration of Independence,
believing in its truth and obligation, I desire
to offer some reasons for the course I have taken
on the question. I do not offer them to others
who have loudly professed the doctrine as ap-
plicable to States in which they did not reside,
but wholly unsuited to their own people. The
prejudice of race and demands of party never
asserted themselves so openly and so inconsist-
ently as they have on the present question.
These feelings have been carried so far as to
place the ancient civilization of the Chinese,
marked by its centuries of conquests in arts,
science, literature, and philosophy as beneath
the intellectual and moral deserts of Africa,
more cheerless and barren than her burning
sands, in which no green plant has ever ap-
peared.
When the prejudice of race can go so far as
to obliterate the wonderful results of that peo-
ple it may not be astonishing to find men advo-
cating the suffrage of the African for South Car-
olina and spurning it for Ohio. The Chinese
have proved themselves competent, not only
to maintain civil institutions in their own land,
but to maintain them for centuries extending
far beyond the period of history known to West-
ern civilization, without a shadow of variation.
The African is without any development in his
own land, indeed without the conscious recog-
nition of himself or his relations to the uni-
verse. He is without history, the embryo of
humanity. He is still a man, and when brought
under the influence of the highest civilization
in history he has rapidly developed in that di-
rection, passing at a bound over centuries of
human struggle and human development. He
has now reached the confines of the highest civ-
ilization and madeithisown. Ifhebasattained
that place slowly and by much suffering and op-
pression he is abundantly compensated for his
sorrow. In his process of development it must be
conceded that every institution designed for his
elevation was to him a sealed book. The great
civilizing agent, the only nurse of religion,
honor, faith, and manly virtue, the family,was
forbidden to him. An inexorable public opin-
ion doomed all to a life of sensuality. It was
the boast of slavery that it produced people
without shame, because without the sentiment
of virtue. Under the "divine institution" the
higher sentiments of humanity were extin-
guished in theory. If the angel of darkness had
produced his master-piece for the extirpation
of every sentiment of good from the human
soul, he could not have excelled the matchless
device of American slavery. In its vocabulary
there was no such words as father, mother, wife,
child, brother, sister, or home. Fortunately for
them and us the love of virtue is too strongly
implanted in the soul to be ut.erly extinguished
by any form of oppression. In defiance of the
relentless system these people have proved
