1869.-]
APPENDIX m ?m CONQ-RlgSIQNAL GLOBE.
40th Cong. ...3d Sess. Suffrage Gonstitutional Amendment—Mr. Fowler.
themselves possessed of extraordinary insight
into the character of the ti mes and' the part they
were destined to take. They exhibited fidelity,
courage, and patriotism in every emergency.
Their kindness, forgiveness, and moderation
have never been excelled. Their anxiety to
educate their children and the progress they
have made in that laudable undertaking entitles
them to respect. Prom the good they will
receive it, from the wicked they may not hope.
More than two hundred years of toil, an em-
pire redeemed from the forest and filled with
wealth and luxury from the sweat of their
brows, vast cities built and innumerable rivers
made alive by the hum of commerce that cov-
ered oceans by well-loaded ships, are the evi-
dences of their labor. These facts alone enti-
tle them to the consideration and protection of
the Government. They are debased. What
of that? Are they more so than those who
have oppressed them? If their minds are
unenlightened they are not so dark as those
of the men that enslaved them, or those who
have approved of their enslavement. The most
benighted of all human beings is he who does
the greatest wrong. This institution was not
alone the expression of an African civilization.
It found in the American heart a readv home.
It is rather the exponent of English cupidity
and love of power. If the institution and its
victims are degraded that degradation has
been cherished by those who founded, main-
tained, and tolerated the institution.
But who is responsible for the unworthiness
of the humble classes of "all races? If vice
and ignorance are four.din the cottage you need
not search the palace for perfection. If crime
abounds in the ranks of the lowly you will not
find saints among the higher. If the cottage and
workshops are filled with ignorance and error
the university and the church are far from per-
fection. Nor do 1 charge those immediately in-
terested in the institution as its bestfriends and
ablest defenders. On the contrary, amongthem
often appeared the most elevated and refined of
humanity. They were but parts of the political
and social unit, and no worse than their com-
panions and their fellow-citizens elsewhere. If
the school-house, the family, and the Halls of
Congress had been free in fact, slaves would
never have cursed the rice-fields of Carolina.
It was the spirit of American society that plied
the lash in the cotton plantations of Missis-
sippi. The love of gain, so powerful in the
American mind, has not yet been extinguished
by the overthrow of slavery. It is as active
now, blocking up every avenue to a more en-
larged and purer freedom, as before. It seeks
now to bind the whole laboring element and
drive them to toil for its luxury and pleasure.
This argument is the ever changing one
that has opposed the enfranchisement of the
masses in all ages. It is human pride and
ignorance against freedom and light. Men do
not readily part with power and prerogative
when they have once gained it. The most
stolid prince pretends to treat as inferior all
who do not enjoy his rank. He does not yield
a part of his authority and place to those who
have not been so highly favored without a
struggle. It is just as true of an American cit-
izen who assumes all the airs of princes when
brought in antagonism with those they have
looked upon as their inferiors. The same arro-
gant, dark, malignant spirit works now that
has opposed the progress of the masses in
other ages and in other times. It has filled
the history of the world with all its civil wars
and persecutions. The effort of a part of hu-
manity to rise, and the determination of the
other to subject them to their wills, has orna-
mented the shores of time with the ashes of
ruiued cities and empires overthrown.
The battle has all been between the despots
and the slaves. I care not by what name you
may call the parlies, the contest has been the
same. Command and obedience have been
the spirit of the one party and liberty andwsqual
rights of the other. "Despotism is the mak-
ing of another's will bend to the fulfillment of
our own; slavery is the having of our own will
subordinated to the will of another." Do thou
as I will is the spirit of the despot. I will obey
none but God, is the freeman. He who sees in
other men the worth which he claims for him-
self, and grants as a due to his own dignity the
right of another to control his own action and
to give his own voice for the choice of the force
that is to control the State, is alone a free and
enlightened man. Who denies this worth and
right to his fellow-citizen is not ouly a despot,
but an ignorant, dark mind subjugated by pas-
sion. As the franchise has been extended our
prosperity and power have been augmented by
the interest it gave the citizen in the State.
The events of the war threw four million peo -
pie without political rights, without homes, des-
titute of education, ignorant of the useful arts,
dependent on the necessities of their former
owners for employment in the rudest forms
of labor, into the condition of citizens. The
prosperity of this Government above all others
resides in the good will and prosperity of
the laboring classes. That good will depends
here, as in all human action and motive, on the
interest they have in the Government where the
people are conscious that their families reside
in their own homes, aud cultivate their own
fields, and obey the laws made by their own
wills, they are more ready to support and defend
their Government than when they are denied
all rights and interests. This principle must
become national. If adopted by Congress for
one State it must be for all the States and for
all citizens. It will not answer to say that it
is necessary and proper for South Carolina,
but not proper for Pennsylvania. The ballot
must be supported as a human right, not as a
privilege granted. Any local application as
to race, color, or condition of servitude is a
condemnation of the principle. The defeat of
manhood suffrage in Ohio and Kansas is far
more fatal to the cause of human happiness
and the peace of the Republic than its failure
in Texas, if people may vote it must be
because of their right and their competency.
These qualifications are as strong in one section
as in another. State lines can communicate no
such qualities to the man if he does not have
them inherent.
If a proposition is made in favor of suffrage
in the Constitution of the United States, it
should be made in the name of humanity, not
of a race. Our religion knows no races, our
principle of government recognizes no races.
It recognizes humanity, the freedom and equal-
ity of the individual. Any limitations on the
principle would be unworthy of the age and a |
disgrace to the Constitution it vainly seeks to |
amend. This amendment is made wholly in j
the interests of colored races and not in the in- ,
terest of the white race. It does not even con-
descend to relieve or protect our own race.
It cannot be affirmed that the white race do
not require relief. More of them are disfran- <
chised to-day than of the colored races in the I
United States. It is not for the rights of any i
race, color, or condition that we should legis- j
late : it is for the family of man. This is the ,
life and spirit of'our institutions. It has met I
the approval of the wise and good of other ,
times and other nations. \
Before leavingthis question I desire to record
the opinions of some of the men who have
thought upon these questions earnestly without
regard to the political influences that might
affect them. I shall not rely on the opinions
of men as authority only, but for its concur-
rence with the spirit of justice that has char-
acterized the benefactors of mankind in all
ages. Sa) s Diouysius, of Hallicaruassus, Rome
raised itself from the most obscure to the most
illustrious "by the reception of those who were
destitute of homes, by a communication of the
rights of citizens to all who had been conquered t
by them, who had been manumitted among
them, and by disdaining no condition of men
from whom the Commonwealth might reap ad-
vantage." If a part of the citizens are weak
and destitute, so much the more do they need
and should they have political equality. On
this subject Cicero """" •
Si emm pecumas sequari non placet, si ingenia
omnium paria esse non possunt jura, eerte paria
debent esse eorum inter se, qui sunt cives in eadfem
republica. Quid est enim ciritas nisi juris societas? "
It is not from the masses that public virtue
receives its first wounds. Says Montesquieu :
"Virtueinarepublieisalove for the republic; itisa
sentiment and not a consequence of acquired knowl-
edge; a sentiment that may befelt by the meanest as
well as the highest person inthe State. When thecom-
monpeopleadoptgood maxims, they adhere to them
steadier than those we call gentlemen. It is very
rare that corruption commences with the former ;
nay, they frequently derive from their imperfect light
a stronger attachment to the established laws and
customs."
Herbert Spencer says :
Neither party recognizes in the other itself in a
different dress." * * * "Label men how
you please^ with titles of 'upper' and 'middle' and
'lower,' you cannot prevent their being units of the
same society, acted upon by the same spirit of the age,
molded after the same type of character."
" In whichever rank you see corruption, be assured
it equally pervades all ranks. While the virus of
depravity exists in one part of the body-politic no
other part can remain healthy."
The weight of great names might be multi-
plied indefinitely. I will content myself with
the addition of John Stewart Mill, who has so
zealously advocated the right and policy of all
to the ballot. But the argument drawn from
authority of great names has but little influence
in working out a great reformation. The light
of truth must be diffused through the masses of
men by more powerful agencies than the advice
or reasons of philosophers. When each man
carries with him the perpetual authority that
his neighbor is as well calculated to act wisely
his part in the State, and has as many impelling
demands for the proper use of the right as him-
self, he will give but little heed to the opinions
of others, however wise they may be, for he is
conscious of a higher authority. When the
period arrives for the evolution of a great re-
form the causes adequate to convince are invari-
ably provided for the inauguration of the com-
ing age. The thunders of Sinai that ushered
into regenerating institutions the sacred law of
the Jews have been heard in still louder tones
in other mountains and other valleys than those
of Arabia. God has written a new law in nobler
lines amid grander displays of power than when
he gave the tables of stone to Moses. From
the Potomac to the Bio Grande his will and
power will be traced by coming ages in brighter
lines than at the present. In this wonderful
display of power he did mean something, and
that meaning will be aud must be learned and
obeyed. I shall not pretend to write it in feeble
words. The full meaning of this lesson will
be deciphered by the future historian ; but if I
may be pardoned for expressing a conviction,
I would say that he has taught us that the in-
dividual is free and inviolable. This is sufficient
for my purpose, for he cannot be governed
without his consent. There cannot result auy
great injury to socicty from admitting all to the
exercise of the right to vote. The intellect
will, of necessity, in a government of law, con-
trol. Force, mere force, is no longer an object
of worship. That belongs to a barbarous age.
The intelligence of the wisest will impregnate
the whole mabs and determine its action as
certainly as attraction determines the course
of matter. How absurd, then, to amend the
Constitution in the interest of the uncultivated
and unenlightened alone. Would not reason,
would not policy dictate such an amendment
as will embrace the race that have framed our
institutions? The more wisdom, the higher
morality you can embrace, the better for the
State and the world.
The arguments used by most of the advo-
cates of this measure are addressed to the pre-
judice ol the people against the former owners
