APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8-,
Senate!
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Fowler.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
of the negro and the authors of the Sate rebel-
lion. I can neither commend the head nor the
heart of the man who seeks to keep alive the
memories of this unhappy conflict. It is the
nart of a patriot to forget the events- that have
occurred when the demon of passion lashed
our countrymen into fury. Wisdom and charity
will come at last, alas! toolong delayed to heal
the bleeding wounds of the nation and admin-
ister consolation to the bereaved. Happily for
the nation the vice of distrust comes not up
from the heroic men who periled life for their
country, nor is it heard from the bereaved
families of those men who sleep their last long
sleep on the many battle-fields of the war. It
comes from the demon of hate, inspired by the
love of power. It rules the conduct of him
who seeks to feed upon the passions of the
hour. No people submit more readily and
more cheerfully to the will of God when they
see it written so legibly as it has been in the
recent war than the citizens of the States lately
in insurrection. Their conduct generally will
challenge history for an example of similar
resignation to the decision of the sword. They
generally acquiesce in the right of the colored
man to equal political rights. The principle
of "equality before the law" is established,
and no man need distrust the people of the
South. Distrust is the element of weakness
as well as tyranny. It belongs not to faith,
courage, and generosity.
The argument drawn from prejudice against
the southern whites in favor of this limited
amendment of the Constitution is without any
warrant from the history of the people. The
history of the Republic is illustrated with her
great names and generous and patriotic deeds.
No portion of the country showed more devoted
attachment to the principles of liberty and hu-
manity or displayed more courage and self-
denial in their defense. They were not the men
that could see their brethren overrun by a for-
eign host without rushing to their defense.
Tl:py eagerly espoused the war of the Revolu-
lion, and hesitated not to press it to a successful
termination. Let it not be forgotten that Jef-
ferson is the apostle of liberty and humanity,
that he was the organ of the Western World
when it announced the principle upon which
free institutions should be based. Under his
mission slavery was attacked, primogeniture
and entail went down, and freedom of religion
was established. It is not yet time to estimate
his labors or his capacity. The long line of
advancing centuries will hail him as one of the
greatest benefactors of his race. His shadow
still hovers over the land of his birth and his
love.
What could I say of the devotion and wis-
dom, the love of liberty and country of the
Father of the Republic, the leader of our revo-
lutionary armies? He never neglected nor for-
got a duty ; never violated faith or confidence.
Could the people that produced so grand a
character either forget his example or abandon
the love of liberty lie illustrated by a long and
devoted life consecrated to its service? Among
the many bright examples of illustrious men he
stands without a rival for all that could dignify
and elevate human character. To the father of
his country I mightadd Madison, Henry, Mason,
Marshall, Randolph, and how many more, all
the demi-gods of the nation's glory. Then
comes the long line of the posterity of those that
fell on every battle field for liberty, honor, and
defense that has adorned the nation's history.
The people of my own State, nursed in the lap
of liberty, catching their inspirations from
their lofty mountains and fertile plains, early
entered the conflict for independence, and at
King's mountain achieved a glorious victory.
With Jackson they marched in triumph to
I'lorida, and tore the honors from the brows
oi the conquerors of Napoleon at New Orleans.
Vv ah Scott they entered the halls of the Mon-
re/.mnas. On every field they have poured
forijt their blood like wuter for their country's
honor. These men, though led astray in a sad
hour and under unpropitious auspices, have
not forgotten the principles of liberty taught
them by their fathers and defended by their
Wood. They should not be neglected nor re-
viled now that the leader of the national armies
who has conducted the war to a triumphant
peace says let us have peace. Peace, he means
not by perpetuating ihe memories of the un-
happy past, but through a glorious hope of the
future. He desires to restore the alienated citi-
zen to his former love of country, to rebuild their
burned cities and desolated homes. lie desires
to erase the vestiges of war and bury irc per-
petual oblivion angry and vindictive passions,
and resume again the reign of love and good-
fellowship.
Believing that he means what he has said
and what we all have promised from his words
to the people in every part of the Republic, I
amled tolook with brightanticipationsuponthe
future. I ardently hope to see the man whose
cup of military glory is more than full devote
himself to the love of his fellow-citizens in all
the States of this Union. As he has no more
honors to win on the field of strife and dissen-
sion, he will now embrace the Republic in his
generous hopes and beautiful promise. May
we not fondly hope, under his magnanimous,
trusting, and tranquil administration, to see
the sad and mournful remains of our country
won back to their former prosperity and patriot-
ism? Over the ashes of their ruined homes
the beautiful cottage will again arise sur-
rounded with all the delights arid comforts that
gladdened its inmates in the past. That they
will still love the cause for which their first-
born bled and mourn their loved and absent
ones will neither surprise us nor cause us to
love them less. That they still bear hearts
responsive to the voice of sympathy will not
render them unworthy of Americans or their
brave ancestors. May the long looked-for day
of peace soon arrive. Gladly shall we greet
its coming and hail him who hastens the " lag-
ging hours of its long delay." Another Pollio
shall lie be to an empire greater and more last-
ing than the Eternal City ?
"Teque artio decus hoc 38vi, te erm^ule, inibit,
Poilio: et incipient mugni proeedcre menses.
Te duce, si qua manent vestigia nostris
Irrila perpetua solvent formidine terras."
The war has long since ceased. The roar
of arms no longer terrify the wives and mothers
of the soldier. The sacred dead have been
gathered to their homes. Over their graves
the flowers of spring •' bloom and breathe their
fragrance on the air." Many a pilgrim seeks
their silent abodes to do homage to their mem-
ories. From every grave comes up a prayer
for peace and forgiveness. The rude and name-
less graves of the confederate soldiers are the
most touching and eloquent appeals to the
heart of the magnanimous patriot. Here is a
standing monument of the blasting policy of
passion and selfishness. At the voice of the
furies they offered up name, hope, country,
cause, and life to sleep forever in their name-
less and neglected tombs.
The modest patriot meant peace when he
uttered the word. It was a speech for his
country and his countrymen or it was a hollow
mockery. It was wrung from his heart by the
agony of the sad and disjointed times, by the
memories of a hundred bloody fields in which
he had seen the hands of a brother raised
against a brother in mortal conflict. Sufficient
and more than sufficient blood has flowed.
It has flowed until the " tongueless caverns
of the craggy hills cried misery!" How dif-
ferent must he feel from the hollow-hearted
imitators who cry peace and demand a new
scourge with which to lash even the children
of the rebellion with new furies. No sooner
is one rod worn out than the tireless demon
of rage cries " cede Alteram.." Passion will
not appease its own raging tempests ; it is the
voice of an all-embracing Divine love that can
say to its proud waves, peace, be still. Who
shall first show forth this Divine benevolence ?
Surely the conqueror can best afford to become
the prince and pardon. It is no personal mat-
ter ; no humble confession can be asked.
The confederate can point to his desolated
homes, his ruined fortunes, and the remnants
of his family demanding support. He can say
the flag you follow is mine. My grandfather
followed it with Washington over the blood-
stained snows of New Jersey ; at Monmouth,
Brandywine, and Yorktown, in victory and
defeat; with Shelby and Williams and Camp-
bell he ascended King's mountain; with Green
he marched in his heroic and determined strug-
gle for the Carolinas. My father followed it
in the last war with England. I myself was
at Cerro Gordo, Churubusco, and Molino del
Rev. The memories of the past are ours and
our children's. The Government you serve
was framed by our fathers ; it too is ours ; ours
by the dear purchase of blood; ours by the
glorious liberties and sacred history it guar-'
ties; ours by civilization, by language, by an
inheritance, and support; ours for peace and
war, to love and to defend. We hav -no other
country or flag but that of the Union.
Let us have peace. Let the dead past be
all forgotten over the graves of the multitudin-
ous thousands that have fallen for country and
liberty in the late unhappy storm of madness
and folly.
I have no hopes in the man who shouts
"peace, peace!" and then carries us to the
cities of the dead and exhumes the coffin and
opens up its ghastly skeletons to arouse the
demon of eternal hate. In a time like the
present, when it is thought best to make an
amendment to the Constitution, let it not be
said the American Congress has beeninfluenced
to such a step, not by the universal love of
mankind, not by an enlarged patriotism, but
from suspicion and distrust^of our own race
and fellow-citizens. Let it embrace all, not a
part. Let it protect the white man as well as
the colored. I would go slill further, and em-
brace all who are the subjects of law. I would
found it on the spiritual worth and inviola-
bility of the individual. It should embrace
women as well as men. There is no argument
in favor of the suffrage of men that will not
apply equally as well to women. She is equally
well calculated to decide what measures are
calculated to promote her own interests. If
any man were asked whose advice was the
wisest, and truest on all matters of business and
politics he would unhesitatingly answer his
wife's, his mother's, or his sister's. It is all
a delusion and a sham to talk of excluding
women from the ballot and admitting all the
civilized and uncivilized men of the world.
When men base their support of suffrage
upon the natural rights of man, upon the worth
of the individual, and then exclude woman,
they do not believe the doctrine they assert.
It is a direct contradiction of terms. When
they admit the African and the Indian, and
exclude their mothers and sisters, it is a start-
ling exhibition of prejudice and the force of
custom.
If elections are conducted improperly and
rudely it is because the refining and humani-
zing influences of woman has not been brought
to purify it. Let the husband and father go
with his wife and daughters to the polls as he
does to church, and the rudest men will be taught
self-respect and integrity of purpose. It will
make the polls as refined and solemn as the
lecture or the school.
I do not design to discuss this feature of the
question. The great body of the people, and
especially of the legislators, are not ready to
confer upon their wives and mothers and sis-
ters the exercise of a right they are ready and
willing to give to the youngest children of the
race, to the babies of civilization. The day is
coming, the light of truth is spreading, the time
is not'far distant when a step in favor of rear
