1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE" CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
m
40th Gong—3d bESS. Suffrage OonsfAtutional Amendment—Mr. Loughridge.
Ho. of Reps.
progress will be taken. The dead hours of the
night have been passed and— .
"jocund day
Stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops."
The proposition from the House to limit the
constitutional amendment by the qualifications
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude is a disgrace to the age. It -must have
been made in utter scorn of civilization and rea-
son, or from party zeal or the blindness of ven-
geance. It sets aside civilization, the true, the
beautiful, and the good, and bows in humble
submission to race, color, and previous condi-
tion of servitude. It erects a standard of wor-
ship lower than that of the most barbarous tribes
of Africa, who hold dominion over their divin-
ities and change them at pleasure. This scorns
intelligence and worth for the mere accidents
of race. The Senate amendment is the same
practically as that of the House. I do not know
who of the Judiciary Committee approved this
piece of sublime stupidity. I can only hope
that the profound and enlightened and patriotic
ehairman never gave his assent to a proposition
so abhorrent to the wisdom and magnanimity
of a statesman.
If we would second the wishes and virtues
of the coming patriotic Chief Magistnte let
us adopt an amendment that shall embrace the
disfranchised whites as well as the colored
races.
The amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Williams] is much better than
the monstrous proposition before the Senate
from the Judiciary Committee. Although it
does not meet the requirements of the times
ard appears to have been offered in as rever-
ential a devotion to the sanctity of institutions
as ever made an Egyptian bow in adoration to
his sacred cat, it is based on no immutable
and reverential principle of human worth, but
on the same devotion to habit that has marked
the course of the departing past. It has this
redeeming feature, that it does not necessarily
take from the States the right to determine the
qualification of electors, but gives to the Gen-
eral Government the power to regulate when
Congress may think it prudent.
The amendment I have had the honor to
offer is very different from any of those already
proposed. If an innovation upon the frame-
work of the Government must be made let it
be such an one as will go to the bottom of the
question. The following, in myjudgment, will
meet the question:
Strike oat section one and insert the following:
Ail tho male citizens of the United States, residents
of the several States now or hereafter compiehended
in the Union, of the age ot twenty-one years mid
upward, sh,1!! be entitled to an equal vote in nil el po-
tions in the State wherein they shall reside, thepeiiod
ot such residence as a qualification for voting- to be
decided by each State, except such citizens as shnll
engage in rebellion or insurrection or shall be duly
convicted of tieason or other infamous crime.
Having already discussed the principles in-
volved in this amendment, and especially the
danger of so amending our institutions as to
divest the States of powers they now possess
and thus destroying the equilibrium of the
Government, I will not detainthe Senate much
longer. To consummate so desirable an end
as that of restoring ail our citizens to their rights
I would be willing to vote for the amendment
I have offered.
If it were my own I should distrust my pru-
dence in proposing it. But it comes to us from
a venerated source. It is the principle con-
tained in the plan of the Constitution submitted
by the most distinguished and accomplished
statesman of the Republic to the Convention
that framed the Constitution. It is in the
original draft of the plan of Alexander Hamil-
ton, and completely refutes the charges made
against the purest, wisest, and most compre-
hensive statesman of his own or any other age.
1 allude to the charge that he was afraid to
trust the people. He was the trusted counselor
and constant companion of George Wash-
ington throughout the Revolution. When the
labor of forming a new government devolved
upon the men that had won their independence
he contributed more than any other man in
the country to devise, perfect, and establish a
permanent form of government. He was placed
by his illustrious chief at the head of the Treas-
ury, the most arduous and responsible post
in the nation. The country was then poor.
War had rolled its all-destroying waves over
its whole limits. Without commerce, without
money, overwhelmed in debt, without the prac-
tical operation of a government, he under-
took to create public credit aud money, to
evoke commerce and national enterprise, to
build up manufactures and mechanic arts. How
well he executed his great purpose only the
inspired tongue of a Webster could utter. It
was that great orator who said of Mr. Hamil-
ton :
" He smote the rock of tho national resources and
abundant streams of revenue gushed forth. He
touched the dead corpse of public credit and it
sprung upon its feet."
His commentaries upon the Constitution have
become unquestioned authority. He accom-
plished more labor in a few years than any
other of our great men did in a long life. At
an age when other minds just begin to ascend
above the horizon he had reached the zenith
of usefulness and fame. When others have
just begun to live he had completed his mission.
His mind was ever in a state of sleepless
activity and he labored by night and day to
execute its discoveries. The magnitude of his
labors, considered with reference to the short
space in which they were accomplished, is
startling to the wildest fancy. Through life
he was the idol of his country and his party.
His death was mourned in solemn grief by the
whole nation. His memory is embalmed in
the grateful remembrance of his countrymen
and grows brighter with advancing years aud
coming generations.
This amendment has in itself merits that
commend it to those who desire to place in
the Constitution the principle of male suffrage
as founded in the rights of inan to vote. The
amendment of the Judiciary Committee pro-
tects no attributes but "color, tace, and pre-
vious condition of servitude." For any other
cause the citizen may be divested of his only
peaceful aud effective defense, the ballot. One
is based on the rights of man, the other on the
contingent aud prospective advantage of party
without any more permanent foundation.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. LOUGHRIDGE,
of iowa,
Ix the House of Repkesfxtatives,
January 29. 1869,
On the joint resolution (II. It. Xo. 402) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the
proposition now before the House, and upon
which I desire to submit a few remarks, is  
joint resolution proposing to the States an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States by which the States shall be positively
prohibited from denying or abridging the right
of any citizen to vote by reason of the race,
color, or previous condition of slavery of such
citizen. I shall vote for this joint resolution,
and yet, sir, I do not desire to be understood
that by giviug such vote I admit that by the
Constitution as it now is the States have the
right or the legal power to disfranchise any
class of citizens of the United States by reason
of race or color. I do not admit this. It is a
sufficient reason for the adoption of thisamend-
ment that there exists in the minds of a large
portion of the people sorious doubts upon the
question as to whether this power exists in the
States under the Constitution of the United
States. Many believe that it does, and I do
not know but I might say that in my opinion
a majority of the people of the country so
believe.
How far the Federal judicial tribunals of the
country might go in this direction is but mat-
ter of speculation. The courts of the majority
of the States, I have no doubt, would hold that
under the Constitution Congress has no power
to regulate the right of the elective franchise
in the States. More especially would the
courts of the States where the colored citizen
is deprived of this right so hold; and such
State courts could, in their own jurisdictions,
to a great extent thwart the operation of any
remedial, legislation in this direction by Con-
gress, at least so far as the right of franchise
in State and local matters is concerned; and
I suppose it will not be denied that with the
supreme judicial tribunals of a State against
the right of congressional control in relation
to the right of franchise in the States it would
be impossible, or at least very difficult, for full
relief to be given to the injured class. The
only way in which this difficulty can be entirely
avoided is by an amendment to the Constitution
so plain and positive that there can and would
be no disagreement in relation to it, and for
this reason one who holds that by the Consti-
tution as it now stands no State can legally
deny the right of franchise on account of race
or color may nevertheless very consistently
vote for this amendment, so as to place the
proper construction of the Constitution beyond
doubt or cavil, and so that no State court,
however much it might desire to do so, could
interpose its power to deprive a class of citi-
zens of their rights by legal and technical
quibbles.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that there exists such
a state of feeling and of fact in any of the
States as to render the application of a remedy
by Federal power necessary to secure to the
colored citizens of this country their equal and
just rights. It would be much more noble,
much more magnanimous, and much more
creditable for all the people and all the States
freely and willingly to accept the situation and
adapt their laws to the changed and advanced
Older of things, the result of the war through
which we have passed, and extend to the col-
ored man the full enjoyment of all the rights
and privileges of citizenship and equality
before the law with all other citizens. A noble
example of this course has been set by the
State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent upon this floor.
The people of Iowa, at the election held last
November, adopted an amendment to their
State constitution, by a majority of over twenty-
four thousand votes, striking out the word
white from their State constitution, and abol-
ishing. so far as civil or political rights are
concerned, all discriminations on account of
race or color.
The people of Iowa are not afraid to extend
to the colored man equal rights ; they are not
afraid that'with a fair start and an equal chance
in the race of life the colored race will out-
strip the white and become the superior in
intelligence and power ; at least they are gen-
erous enough to be willing to give him a fair
chance. There are, I admit, a certain class of
people in Iowa, as there are in every State—
and they universally vote the Democratic
ticket—who are fearfully exercised over the
danger of "negro equality," and even of negro
superiority, as likely to result from the admis-
sion of the colored man to equality in civil
rights. They seem to be satisfied that with an
equal chance the negro will rise to a level with
themselves, legally, socially, and intellectually;
and, impelled by this imminent danger, this
class of people bitterly and uncompromisingly
opposed the extension of civil rights to the
negro, and the powerful organization of the
Democratic parly, sympathizing with its mem-
bers in their fears and the threatened danger
threw the weight of its influence in the scale
