1869.
THE OON"GRESSION"AL GLGBfi.
U75
many livesand a great deal of property. The
claim is only $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does it refer to
this band of Indians?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin will be
laid aside.
Mr. HOWE. I will withdraw it for the
present
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, which is before the Senate and is in
order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move the following amend
ment, to come ia after line three hundred and
twenty-four:
For the purpose of cutting out a road from Du-
lutb to the Bois6 fort Indian reservation, in Minne-
sota, there ishereby appropriated the sum of 810.000.
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War.
I will say that the Boise Fort reservation is
about eighty or ninety miles away from the
head of Lake Superior.'
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask what committee that comes from ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not particularly from any
committee, but notice was given to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that it was my inten-
tion to offer this amendment, and I think,
under the rule, I am entitled to move it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maine will state his point of order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I had a conversation with
the Senator from Maine about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes; there has
been a notice given by the Senator that he
would move such an amendment, but it is not
in order unless he has the authority of some
committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no doubt the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs would unanimously
give their consent to a motion of this kind. I
will say that the reservation of the Boise Fort
Indians is nearly a hundred miles from the
head of Lake Superior, and the country is a
perfect "jungle." It is impossible to transport
goods into their country, and the consequence
is that they are brought down to the villages
at the head of the lake, and payment is made
there, and it results in all kinds of dissipation
and drunkenness. It would be much better
on the score of economy, and for every other
reason, that the Government should make a
small appropriation to cut out a road so as to
enable the department to carry the annuity
goods aud provisions up to the reservation.
It is for the good of the Indians themselves
that they should be retained there and not
brought down to the villages on the lake, as
they are now, in order to receive their very
small stipend, probably not exceeding five or
six dollars a head.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it is
not within the rule ; it is not reported from a
committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. I cannot see why it is not
within the rule, notice of it having been given
to the Committee on Appropriations. I should
like to hear the rule read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the rule is called for. The riile relating
to amendments to appropriation bills will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the following provision
of the thirtieth rule:
"All amendments to general appropriation bills re-
ported from committees of the Senate, proposing: new
items of appropriation, shall, one day before they
are offered, bo referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations."
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I am within the rule
clearly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will read the rule again.
The Chief Clerk read:
"AH amendmentsto general appropriation bills re-
ported from committees of the Senate, proposing new
items of appropriation, shall, one day before they
are offered, be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.,
Mr. RAMSEY. I have complied with the
rule. What more can beasked of me? I noti-
fied this committee; I served written notice on
them. I am within the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No amendment
can be made appropriating money unless it
comes from a committee. That is the first
proposition. :
Mr. RAMSEY. The rule does not say so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will read the first clause of the rule.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution previ-
ously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moveobydirection of a standing or select commi ttee
of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
thetheadofsomeof the Departments; and no amend-
ment shall be received whoseobject is to provide for
a private claim, unless it be to carry pot the pro-
visions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
Mr. RAMSEY. . That is a different rule
PDtir6ly« i.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not in orster under the rule, not hav-
ing been recommended by any committed,
Mr. HOWE. I renew the amecdment which
I offered before and withdrew.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated to the heirs o£ Scott Campbell, late of
the State of Minnesota, the sum of $10,000,111 full
satisfaction of all obligations in favor of said Scott
Campbell embraced, ei ther in the treaty of 1837 or in
that of 1858, made with the Sioux Indians.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
treaty read.
Mr. HOWE. Which treaty?
Mr. SHERMAN. The treaty of 1837, I
believe it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
from Wisconsin read that clause of the treaty
on which he relies?
Mr. HOWE. It is found in the twelfth vol-
ume of the Sfeatutes-at-Large, page 1034:
"Art. IX. As the Senate struck from the treaty
with the Medawakanton band of Sioux of the 29th
day of September, 1S37, the ninth clause of the second
article and the whole of the third article of said
treaty, which provided for the payment of $450 an-
nually for twenty years to Scott Campbell, and con-
firmed to the said Scott Campbell atitle to five hun-
dred acres of land which he then occupied, said
payment aud land being deemed by said Indians to
form a part of the consideration for which they eeded
to the united States a certain tract of land in said
treaty specified, which reduction in the consideration
for said land has never been sanctioned by said In-
dians, the said Medawakantons and Wahpakoota
bands now request that provision be made for the
payment of the sum of $10,000 to A. J. Campbell> the
son of snid Scott Campbell, now deceased, in full
consideration of the money stipulated to be paid ana
land*confirmed to said Scott Campbell in the original
draft of said treaty aforesaid; whichsuoject ishereby
submitted to the Senate for its favorable considera-
tion."
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it possible the Senate
of the United States passed that part of the
treaty? If so it is the best illustration of an
Indian treaty I have ever seen.
Mr. EDMCJNDS. The treaty is being exe-
cuted now by its being submitted tor our favor-
able consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. But is it possible that the
Senate of the United States confirmed a treaty
embodying a clause containing a letter of rec-
ommendation from somebody to us? If so, it
is the most remarkable treaty I ever heard of.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know. I find this on
the next page of the statutes:
"'And whereas the said treaty havinf been submit-
ted to the Senate of the United States for its[ consti-
tutional action thereon the Senate did, oil t he iJrn
day of March, IS?, advise and consent to the ratifi-
cation of the tame by u resolution in the words and
figures following, to wit:
In Executive Session,
Sr.nite of tiii: Usitkd States, March9,lboa.
BnolveJ. (two thirds of the Senators present con-
curring,) That the Senate advise and consent to the
ratification of the articles of agreement and conven-
tion made and concluded on the 19th day of June,
1858. with the Medawakatttos aud Wabpakoota bands
of the Dakota or Sioux Gidians.
Attest: ASBUItY MCIflNS, Secretary.
"Now, therefore, be it Mown thpt I, James Bu-
chanan, President of the United States of America,
do, in pursuance of the advice and consent of the
Senate as expressed in their resolution of March the
9th, 1859, aceept, ratify, and confirm said treaty."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. . Does the Sen-
ator understand that by the treaty of ISO? the
United States were under any. obligation to
these Indians to pay Campbell?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President; the Sen-
ate refused to agree to pay what the treaty
required should be paid as part of the purchase-
money. ; ; -
Mr. SHERMAN. That is, we rofused to rat-,
ify that clause of the treaty; and yet we are
bound to pay it, because we refused to make it!
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, I should
like to put this question to the Senator from
Wisconsin : whether, if the Senate refused to
pay the claim under the treaty of 1887, ratify-
ing or acquiescing in the request of the Indians
to the treaty, of 1858, the Senator thinks itis att
obligation on the part of .the Senate to pay in
1869 what they refused to pay under the treaty
of 1837 ?
Mr. HQ WE. I think so. We bought a piece
of land in 18S7, and we agreed to pay certain
sums; this is one of them. That was the con-
tract drawn up and signed between the agents
of the Government and the Indians. Vv hen
the Senate undertook to ratify the treaty they
struck out those two provisions.
Mr. SHERMAN. What was the contract ?
Mr. HOWE. They struck out these two
provisions and kept the land. We are still in
possession of all we bought, and have paid
only a part of the price. The Indians com-
plained. They undertook to make it right in
this treaty of 1858, but instead of putting that
into the treaty of 1858 as a stipulation, they
concluded to submit it to the Senate in the
form of a request on the part of the Indians to
pay $10,000 to the representatives of Seott
Campbell, in lieu of the $9,000 which the
treaty of 1837 required should be paid and the
five hundred acres of land. It was submitted
to the Senate in the form of a request, approved
as the whole treaty was 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is approved
as a request.
Mr. HOWE. The treaty was approved just
like other treaties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not as a stip-
ulation.
Mr. HOWE, Clearly not, because it is not
in the form of a stipulation j but the Indians
say to the Senate, "We ask that this shall be
done," and the Senate ratify whatever is in
that treaty. I do not know that they could
recover in a court of law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Committee
on Indian Affairs who passed that treaty ought
to be sued.
Mr. HOWE. Thatis where the matter stands,
we have got everything the Indians ceded to
us in 1887, and we have not paid the price that
that treaty agreed should be paid. I think one
of two things ought to be done: we ought either
to give up the land or we ought to pay the price
agreed upon. -
Mr. WILLEY. I suggest to my friend, in
response to his suggestion about a suit, that I
think a suit would lie upon the part of the In-
dians for the whole of the land, because we
undertook without their consent to strike out
of the positive contract they made with us a
provision which was never submitted to them
for their consent, and did so ; and in case we
are to decide this matter according to the strict
principles of law the Indians are entitled to
their land back again. "We have violated the
contract we made; we have undertaken to,
modify it without their consent; and now when
they come and request us to make good the
provision which we struck out without their
consent, it is said that no action lies at law and
there is no obligation on us to pay money.
