1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a good thing prob-
ably, before we pay out this $10,000, it there
is that much, left in the Treasaary, to find out
exactly where we are. I do not understand,
as the Senator from West Virginia does, that
this treaty of 1837 was a treaty that the Sen-
ate made and that the Indians did not make.
I take it the United States does sot change
treaties it makes "with Indians without their
consent, and if this convention was agreed
upon in one form and ratified by the Senate
with ail- amendment, I take it we have a right
to assume in the absence of evidence, we,are
bound to presume, if there is any faith in the
Government, in the executive officers of it,
that after we have confirmed a treaty with an
amendment, that amendment is submitted to
the other party with whom, we are making a
treaty, and agreed to before it becomes a
treaty at all, before the officers of the United
States would be authorized to act upon it in
taking' possesion of the land or removing the
Indians, before the Treasury offieers would be
authorized to pay out a dollar upon its.
, This treaty of 1837 was a treaty for the pay-
ment and investment of money as well as other
things for these Indians. Does any S'enator
suppose that the Secretary of the Treasury
would advance a dollar of this money, the Sen-
ate having- ratified the treaty with an amend-
ment, until the. Executive of the-United States
had satisfied his Secretary of the Treasury that
the Indians had agreed to that amendment?
Not at all, sir. It did not become a treaty
until the Senate having approved it in a certain
form, the other party, the Indian band, assented
to it iu that form; and no offiecr of the United
States would be authorized to act upon it, be-
cause it was not a treaty until it should have
been agreed upon in its modified form.
Mr. WILLE5T. Why, then, did the subse-
quent treaty in reference to this matter, in
referring to these clauses stricken out, treatthe
original treaty as if it had not been submitted
to the Indians, and make the request for a
favorable consideration?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They did not treat it so,
Mr. President. The subsequent convention
made by '.the Indiana and the Indian agent
does not say anything of that kind. It is very
adroitly worded for the benefit of some gentle-
man who represents the estate of Mr. Scott
(Jura-pbell; but it does not come up to that
point.. It says "as the Senate struck from the
treaty" the clause "which provided foe the
payment of $-150 to Scott Campbell'1 and con-
tinued him in the possession of a certain tract
of land which he then occupied, "said pay-
ment and land being deemed by said Indians
to form a part of the consideration for which
they ceded to the United States a certain tract
of land in said treaty specified, which reduction
in the consideration for said land has never
been sanctioned by said Indians," therefore
they request the United States to pay this
money. That is to say, the Indians have not.
assented to the reduction of the consideration.
They stop short of the link which my friend
from West Virginia argues upon, touching the
fact that we had undertaken to make a treaty
in which after the Indians had agreed to one
thing we compelled them to agree to another
against their consent. ,
it is a thing worth knowing at this time,
as applied to all treaties, whether when we
make a change in the Senate of the United
Stales, by way of amendment, either to strike
out or to insert something else, it is to be pre-
sumed they do not become treaties until the
other contracting_ parties shall have assented
to them by receiving compensation, or in some
way have acted on the treaty as modified.
Here were hundreds of thousands of dollars
set apart for the benefit of these Indians; t.hey
have received the money consideration, and
now they turn around upon us, by this request,
inserted by some agent of Mr. Seott Camp
bell's estate, and say that inasmuch as they
did not get as much for their land as they ori-
ginally expected to get they wish us to pay this
§10,000. I have no objection to their wish-
ing ssor but I am decidedly opposed to comply
ing with the wish.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the order for a recess be rescinded. I wish to
finish this bill before we adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain that motion if there be no objec-
tion. The Senator from Maine moves that
the order directing a recess to be taken to-day
be rescinded.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER: The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. HO WJS called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I really hop© Senators will
explain what the difficulty- ia in this matter. I
have no-sort of interest in it and am perfectly
willing that the proposition should be voted
down, but it is a little peculiar to see it voted
down without an.y reason being assigned for
doing so. As near as I understood the Senator
from Vermont, he announced his purpose to
vote against the amendment. If I understood
his reason it was that he did not believe but
what the amendment made to the treaty of
1837 was submitted to the Indians. Why, sir,
I take it if it were submitted to the Indians
and they agreed to it evidence of that fact
would be preserved. Instead of that, we find
it in a subsequent treaty asserted that it never
was agreed to by the Indians. I do not know
how I could make the case stronger by proof.
The Senator from Vermont asks me where
the proof is that the Indians did not consent.
I cannot prove that, and I cannot prove that
he did not consent to it himself. What I ask
is, where is the evidence that they did ? There
is the treaty which they did agree to, there is
the amendment made by the Senate, and I do
not see any evidence there that the Indians
agreed to the amendment or that they were
conferred with on the subject of the amend-
ment; but in the next treaty made with them
it is solemnly recited in the ninth article that
they did not agree to it. That comes the
nearest to proving a negative that 1 ever did
come in my life after a great many trials.
Mr. DOOLITTLK. I do not now call to
mind a definite recollection of this case of
Scott Campbell, although the name is-very
familiar to me and I am quite satisfied it is- a
very old affair. On reference to the published
list of private claims I find that as long ago as
the Twenty-Seventh Congress, after t.he treaty
of 1837, in which the title to the land was con-
firmed to Scott Campbell, there was an appli-
cation in the nature of a private claim ; and
the book says that it was referred to t.he Com-
mittee on Claims; that they were discharged
and it was then referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs; that they reported adversely,
and that report was agreed to. Then the next
mention of it is of an application of the heirs
of Seott Campbell to the Thirty-Third Con-
gress. The petition was then sent to the
Committee on Indian Affairs ; they were dis-
charged, and subsequently t.he case was recom-
mitted. The treaty of ly<j8, however, is sub-
sequent to the Thirty-Third Congress. I have
no deiinite recollection of it; but I have an
idea that since lfc>58 the claim has been before
the Committee on Indian Affairs and some
action taken, but I am not quite certain what
it is. It seems that now it lias been referred
to the Committee on Claims, of which my col-
league is chairman.
I felt called upon to state this because, hav-
ing been connected with the Committee on
Indian Affairs for many years, I do not now
call to mind the facts particularly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. J ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] whether this
has been examined by his committee ?
Mr. IIOWE. Oh,yes; the amendmantwas
moved by the unanimous instructions of the-
Committee on Claims.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Frelinghuysen, Hend-
ricks, Howe, Norton; Ramsey, Spencer, and Wil-
ley—8.
KAY S—Messrs. Conkling, Davis, Drake. Ed rounds,
Ferry, Fessenden, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Kellogg,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Robertson,
Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Trumbull, Vickers, Welch; Williams, and
Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buekalew,
Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Conness, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Fowler, Henderson,
Howard, McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Bice, Saulsbury,
Tipton, Yan Winkle, Wade, Warner, Whyte, and
Y ates—30;
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART. If none of the commit-
tees have amendments to offer I have an im-
portant amendment to present, which I send to
the Chair. My amendment is to insert as ad-
ditional sections to this bill the matter which
I send to the desk.
The words proposed to be inserted were
read, as follows:
That from and after the 1st day of April, 1869, the
Secretary of War shall exercise the supervisory
and appellate powers, and possess the jurisdiction
now cxeroised and possessed by the Seoretary of the
Interior, in relation to all the acts of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and shall sign all requisi-
tions for the advance or payment of money out of
the Treasury on estimates or accounts, subject to
the same adjustment or control now exercised on
similar estimates or accounts by the Auditors and
Comptroller of the Treasury, or either of them.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted,. Xhat the Secre-
tary of War shall be authorized, whenever in his
opinion it shall promote the economy efficiency
of the Indian service, ;to establisn convenient depai t-
ments and districts for the proper administration oi
the duties now imposed by law on the superintend-
ents of Indian affairs and upon agents and sub-
agents, and to substitute tor such superintendents
and agents officers of the Array of the United State.-,
who shall be designated for that purpose, and who
shall then become charged with all the duties now
imposed bylaw upon thesupprint&ndents and agents
thus superseded, and without additional compensa-
tion therefor. The Secretary of War shall also detail
an officer, not below the rank of colonel, to Jill the
office and discharge the duties of Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. Officers of the Army designated to
perform the duties of Commissioner, suueriu tondent,
agent, orsub-agont,, shall not be required to give the
bonds now required of civil appointees, but shall be
responsible for any neglect or maladministration,
according to the itules and Articles of War.
Sue. —. And be it farther enacted. That all contracts
for transportation connected with the Indian service
shall hereafter be made in the same manner and at
the same time provided for transportation for the uso
of the Army, and the accounts of all appropriations,
expenditures, and payments of money in the man-
agement of Indian affairs, except the pay of officers
and enlisted men detailed for service under the pro-
visions of this act, shall be kept separate and ex-
hibited under the head of "expenditures on account
of tho Indians."
Sec. —. And beit frrrtlier enact thcSecrcrnry
of War shall be authorized to withhold all special
licenses from traders, and, under regulations to be by
him prescribed, to provide the times and places al.
which all traders complying therewith may present
themselves for bargain, barter, and exchange with
the several Indian tribes, according to tho laws of
the Unitid States regulating the same.
Skc.—. And be it further cnact'-d, 'I1}] at all laivsnnd
parts of laws inconsistentwith the provisionsof this
act are hereby repealed.
Mr. STEWART. This subject has been very
frequently called to the attention of Congress.
I do not propose to occupy timo with it; but I
believe this is the appropriate occasion to do
what I have proposed, and it is a very proper
tiling. The proposition which 1 offer is a bill
which has passed the House of Represent-
atives ; and there is no bill to which it may be
so properly appended as this appropriaten bill,
because it is really for carrying into effect the
appropriations made in the bill.
On the 21st of November, 1866, General
Grant having the whole subject before him,
being in possession of the views of various
Army officers, concluded lus letter of that date
thus:
"I would respectfully suggest the propriety of
transferring-the Indian Bureau fiona the Interior to
the War Department."
That is the conclusion he arrived at after a
full consideration of the case. The policy
which he recommended was not adopted, but
a peace commission was appointed. General
Sherman, a little over a year ago, wrote a letter
entirely disapproving the transfer of the Indian
Bureau to the Military Department. He then
had some faith in the experiment of a peaco
commission, but further experience has satis-
