1869.]
APPENDIX TQ Tg£ -GOEGJBESSIQNAL G-LOBE.
201
40xh Cons....3d Sebs.
Counting Electoral Vote—Mr. McOormick.
Ho. op E
colored citizen the elective franchise or tbey
have the right to deny that privilege to the
white citizen as well.
And, sir, the term "white," as used in laws
and constitutions ofsome of the States, to create
unjust and wicked distinction? among men
and to rob the colored man of his rights, is a
device of a comparatively recent period, the
growth of a spirit and feeling nourished and
strengthened during those thirty years in our
history when the Government, under the con-
trol in all its departments of the slave power,
was rapidly verging toward the recognition of
slavery as a national institution, universal as
the domain of the Republic, and protected by
the Constitution, the culmination of which
period was reached when the Supreme Court
of the United States declared that the Consti-
tution carried slavery into all the national
Territories, protected it in all the States, and
in substance that the black man in this country
had no rights under the Constitution that the
white man was bound to respect. It was dur-
ing this period, I say, that this distinction of
races and this ostracism of the colored citizen
on account of his race crept into the constitu-
tions and laws of most of the States, and it was
but the natural outgrowth of the spirit and
tendency of the times.
For three generations we had robbed the
black man of all his rights, both natural and
civil. As nearly as we could we had allied him
to the brute, had closed to him every avenue
of light and of knowledge, and clouded his in-
tellect over with darkness as thick as night.
Chains, handcuffs, and whips were his only
incentives to exertion, and his only reward;
placed on the auction-block and sold like mer-
chandise to the highest bidder, and driven like
the ox and the horse to his daily toil under the
cruel lash of the heartless task-master, so far
as human ingenuity could do it he was made
to forget that he was a man, or had any of the
rights of humanity. That he did not forget
the nobility of his origin and accept his situa-
tion by the side of the brute is convincing
proof that the soul of man is allied to immor-
tality. No wonder, sir, that in view of these
things Jefferson, ..hat profound political phi-
losopher. "trembled for his country " when he
remembered that God is just, and that His jus-
tice cannot sleep forever. His justice did not
long sleep, but brought swift deliverance to the
oppressed, and through the blood, the suffering,
and the intense anguish of the nation He
brought deliverance to the slave, broke every
fetter, and let the oppressed go free. But in
the progress of this deliverance the angel of
death passed over the entire land and shad-
owed it with his dark wings, leaving a vacant
chair in almost every home and the sables of
mourning in almost every household. And
now, strange to say, after all these generations
of oppression and wrong toward this unfortu-
nate race, after all our suffering in consequence
thereof, Pharaoh-like, we yet hesitate to do
justice.
Sir, speaking as an individual member of
this Ilouse, and speaking what I know to be
the sentiments of those 1 have the honor to
represent, so far as my voice and my vote
shall go, from this time henceforth, the col-
ored race shall have secured to them all the
protection, all the rights, and all the immuni-
ties of American citizens in every portion of
the Republic, from this Capitol to the remotest
limit j from where the cold blue waters of the
Arctic ocean dash up against the icy rocks of
Alaska to the flowery shores of the Gulf of
Mexico, and from the Alantic to the Pacific,
so that in all this vast empire all men, high
and low, rich and poor, of every clime and
race, shall stand equal befoie the law. Sir, 1
do not expect the assistance of the Democratic
party upon this floor or elsewhere in the con-
summation of this act of justice and this recog-
nition of human rights. 1 expect their oppo-
sition both here and in every State, for that
party is no longer the party of freedom or of
progress. It has been tor years the champion
of slavery and the deadly foe of human free-
dom. It resisted every step in the progress of
the nation toward emancipation and freedom.
It has opposed every measure taken by the
Government to protect, educate, raise up, and
encourage the poor freedmen. In its national
councils and in every State it has thrown all
its weight against every proposition or measure
to extend to the black man those rights of cit-
izenship of which he has so long been robbed.
The Republican party will carry this measure
through here and in the States as it has carried
through upon its stalwart shoulders every meas-
ure of progress, of justice, and of liberty, from
the commencement of the great struggle down
to the present time, and as I trust it will continue
to do fearlessly and boldly as long as injustice
exists in the Republic ; as long as one citizen,
even the poorest and the humblest in the land,
is deprived of his rights as an American cit-
izen.
The contest between slavery and liberty has
been a long and a fearful one. From the mur-
der of Broderick, the bosom friend of Doug-
las and the noble and true Democrat, who fell
with thedeclarationupon hisdyinglips, "They
have murdered me because I was opposed to
the extension of slavery," to the cruel assassin-
nation of the great Lincoln, tens of thousands
of noble rueu gave their 'lives for the sacred
cause of liberty, and died that the Govern-
ment of the people, and by the people and for
the people, might live. To perpetuate its own
wicked life the fell monster of oppression
bathed its hands in the blood of countless
patriots and brought weeping and desolation
upon the land. But the contest ended, lib-
erty triumphed, and slavery died. Yet a few
lingering relics of the great barbarism still
exist in the local ostracism of those who were
its victims, and from whose limbs its chains
have been unloosed ; but this proposed amend-
ment, if adopted, will sweep the" last of them
away forever; and it will be a glorious con-
summation. We shall then have no aristoc-
racy of race ; no privileged classes; no tax-
ation without representation ; but a just Gov-
ernment, deriving all its powers from the con-
sent of the governed.
I trust, sir, that this joint resolution may
pass: that the proposed amendment may be
ratified by three fourths of the States, and
thus become a part of the supreme law of the
Republic.
Power and Duty of Congress in Counting
the Electoral Vote.
REMARKS OF HON. J. R. McCORMICK,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1869,
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. McCORMICK. Mr. Chairman, a few
days since a resolution was adopted for the
government of the joint session of the two
Houses in dealing with the electoral vote of
Georgia, which reads as follows ;
" Resolved bythe Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That on the assembling of the two
Houses on the second Wednesday of February, 1809,
for the counting of the electoral votes for President
and Vice President, as provided by law and the joint
rules, if the counting or omitting to count the elect-
oral votes, if any, which may be presented, as of
the State of Georgia, shall not essentially change the
result, in that case they shall bo leported by the
President ot the Senate in the following manner:
were the votes presented, as of the State of Geor-
gia, to be counted, the result would be, for ——— for
President of the United States.'  votes; if not
counted, for for President of the United States,
 votes ; but in either case is elected Presi-
dent of the United States; and in the same manner
for Vice President."
The provisious of this resolution arc simply
these; if the vote of Georgia affects theelectiou
it shall not be counted, but if it does not affect
the election then it shall be eouuted. What
intelligent reason has Congress for such action
as this ? By what rule of common sense has
it been governed in this proceeding? Where
is its authority under the Constitution for such
action? Why mock the people of Georgia by
treating the electoral vote of their State in this
way? It were more frank to say that if the
vote of Georgia has been east in conformity
with the political views of Congress it may be
counted ; but if it has not, then it shall not be
counted.
But we ore told Congress has a precedent for
its action in the adoption of this resolution; that
in 1821 a similar resolution was by Congress
adopted in reference to the electoral vote of Mis-
souri, and again in 1833 the same thing was re-
peated in reference to Michigan. I deny the cor-
rectness of the proposition. The case of Missouri
and Michigan is entirely unlike that of Georgia,
which is an original State in the Union and
has never been out of the Union, unless the
heresy of secession is true. Under the Con-
stitution Georgia is entitled to choose a num-
ber of electors equal to the whole number of
her representatives in both Houses of Con-
gress, and no power under the Constitution can
deprive her of that right. At the time Missouri
and Michigan attempted to choose electors they
were Territories not in the Union, had never
been in the Union, and under the Constitution
were not entitled to choose any electors what-
ever. The resolution of courtesy then adopted
by Congress toward these Territories who had
made application to be admitted into the Union,
and who had reason to hope would be declared
States in the Union in time for them to parti-
cipate in the election for President, is now
sought to be made a precedent by which Con-
gress may reject the electoral vote of a sov-
ereign State ; and the recent action of this body
has gone far toward the establishmentof a pre-
cedent by which a partisan Congress at some
future time may overthrow the choice of the
people and involve the country in anarchy and
revolution. The action of Congress in refer-
ence to the vote of Georgia is without excuse;
it was purely partisan in its character, inflicted
a wrong upon the people of Georgia, and for
which no authority can be found in the Con-
stitution. Having given the reason for my
objection to the joint resolution of the two
Houses, I now proceed to consider the twenty-
second joint rule for the government of the
two Houses, which reads as follows:
"The two Houses shall assemble in the Hall of the
House of Representatives at the hour of one o'clock
p. m. on the second Wednesday next succeeding the
meeting of the electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, and the President of the
Sena.te shall be their Presiding Officer. One teller
shall be appointed on the part of the Senate, and two
on the part of the House of Representatives, to whom
shall be handed, as they are opened by the President
of the Senate, the certificates of the electoral votes;
and said tellers, having read theaamoin the preaeneo
and hearing of the two Houses thus assembled, shall
make a list of the votes as they shall appear from
the said certificates; and the vote having been
counted, the result of the same shall be delivered to
the President of the Senate,who shall thereupon an-
nounce the state of the vote and the names of the
persons, if any, elected, which announcement shall
be deemed a sufficient declaration of tho persons
elected President and Vice President of the United
States, and. together with a list of the votes, be en-
tered on the Journals of the two Houses. If, upon
the reading of any such certificate by the tellers, any
question shall arise in regard to counting the votes
therein certified, the samo having been stated by tne
Presiding Officer, the Senate shall thereupon with-
diaw, and said question shall be submitted to that
body for its decision ; and the Speaker ot the House
of Representatives shall in like manner submit said
question to the House of Representatives foi its de-
cision. And no question shall be decided affirm-
atively, and no vote objected to shall be counted,
except by the concurrent vote of the two Houses."
This rule provides for the settlement of
questions which under the Constitution cannot
arise. It recognizes the right of a member
of either House to object to the vote of any
State, and provides that tho vote of a State
when questioned shall not bo counted except
by the concurrence of both Houses. Suppose
