426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
railroad, and "when and to what amount; and that
such exchange shall cease till further action of the
House; and also whether any aad what banks have
rolinauished their charters as national banks, and
are doing business under State;charters, still retain-
ingtheirnational bank circulation; and whatmeans,
if any, have been taken to deprive them of such cir-
culation, together with the amount of such circula-
tion outstanding by each bank; and also whether
any banks have bean instructed that the twenty-
ninth section of the banking act, limiting the amount
of liabilities of any one person or association to one
tenth of its capital, does not apply to indorsements
on collateral securities, or to checkscertified as good,
where the money is not taken from the bank; and to
furnish a copy of said instructions on either of said
questions.
The SPEAKER. This not being an appro-
priation bill, is not a privileged report.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to present it now.
Objection was made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended for the purpose of
allowing me to present this resolution for con-
sideration at this time. And I desire to say a
few words to explain the necessity for this
resolution,
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. DELANO. Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] the floor to move
to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. He has; the Chair recog-
nized him, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburke] having withdrawn his motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of going into
the Committee of the Whole on the legislative
appropriation bill.
Mr. DELANO. I am in possession of some
information upon this subject which I think
should be given to the House before they are
called upon to vote on this resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to give that information to the House, if I can
be permitted to do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection
to debate.
Mr. DELANO. I object, unless this matter
can be open to discussion generally.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will bo
open for consideration and discussion should
the rules be suspended to allow this resolution
to be introduced at this time.
The question was upon suspending the rules;
and being taken, upon a division there were—
ayes 00, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Brooks, were ap-
pointed.
/The House again divided; and the tellers
Reported that there were—ayes 95, noes 18.
/ So (two-thirds voting in the affirmative) the
/rules were suspended, and the resolution was
/introduced.
yf The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
™ lution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I wish simply that the House may
understand exactly what is being done in refer-
ence to the matters involved in the resolution.
The resolution looks toward three things. In
the first place, the Comptroller of the Currency
allows banks that have gold-bearing bonds, six
per cent, and five per cent, bonds, pledged as
security for circulation, to exchange them and
put in their place as securities the six per cent,
currency bonds issued to the Pacific railroads,
payable both interest and principal in currency.
By law the Comptroller is permitted to issue
currency within ten per cent, of par value, or
within ten per cent, of the market value when
below par. Therefore, for six per cent, five-
twenty bonds he gives ninety per cent., the
premium of five-twenty bonds being 108. For
ten-forty bonds he gives eighty-five per cent..,
and the premium being five per cent, for the
Pacific railroad bonds, which are about on a
par with currency—one half per cent, above
pur—he gives eighty per cent. Now, I agree
that these bonds will be very good thirty years
hence if we get back to specie payments by that
time ; but they are wanted now as a security
for the circulation ; and while, with my views
of the propriety of financial action as to a specie
basis, it would not make so much difference,
yet with every gentleman who wants to see a
gold basis for the circulation it does make a
very great difference, because you have ho
foundation for the security of your circulation
but currency—not gold bonds, either by con-
struction or by the express terms of the law.
This exchange, I am informed, has already
gone on to the extent of more than fifteen mil-
lion dollars, and is therefore getting to be a
pretty serious matter.
Now, a few words as to the second proposi-
tion of the resolution. There are some banks
which, having got out all their circulation, and
that circulation being issued, never coming back
for redemption, propose to relieve themselves
from the. estrictionsof the national banking sys-
tem by winding up as national banks and carry-
ing ontheirbankingbusiness as State banks. If
they wind up as national banks they can redeem
their circulation in currency, in greenbacks,
and release their bonds pledged for the redemp-
tion of the bills. If they can do this, it is easily
seen that as soon as all the banking circulation
may be redeemed in greenbacks we lose the
extra ten per cent, on bonds with which to
force these banks back to specie payments
whenever the Government may resume such
payments, and when the Government will be
called upon to redeem this whole amount of
$650,000,000.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to know if before a
bank attempts to wind up it is not required to
deposit dollar for dollar in greenbacks for
what it has received ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In cur-
rency? Yes, sir.
Mr. PRICE. So that the moment they
wind up they put that money into the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER,_ of Massachusetts. That is
exactly what I said. Then you have the whole
banking currency of the country liable to be
forced on the Treasury for redemption in coin
whenever the country resumes specie payments,
and there will be nothing but currency in the
Treasury to redeem that circulation, and the
banks will thus escape from all the conse-
quences of a resumption. But that would be
a matter of more consequence to gentlemen
who think gold is very essential to currency
than it is to me.
There is one other thing. I have seen a
letter from the Comptroller of the Currency
to a president of a bank, instructing him that
the twenty-ninth section, which says no man
shall own more than one tenth ofthe capital of a
bank, or in other words, no one man shall be
liable to a bank for more than one tenth of the
capital—that that section does not apply to an
indorsement or any collateral liabilities. The
consequence is that a man by putting forward
a straw promissor and becoming an indorser,
by giving collateral security of stock or other-
wise to such borrowers, may actually become
liable to the bank for the whole capital. And
one bank has actually been crushed by that
operation. In other words, the present con-
struction of the Comptroller of the Currency,
as I understand it, will allow every bank to
discount or loan its whole capital to any one
man, provided he appears in the character of
an indorser and not a promissor. I desire to
get this matter of information before the House
for its action. In that regard it is only a reso-
lution of inquiry.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the gentleman to
give me an opportunity to explain what, the
Comptroller has done in regard to the first
proposition. I will not occupy five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Have I
misstated it?
Mr. DELANO. You have not stated every
part of it as he stated it to me.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I ask if
this whole matter cannot be discussed when
the answer of the Comptroller comes in ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor for an hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
yield with pleasure, but I do not like to hold
the floor and take up the time on the only day
in the week when the rules can be suspended.
I will give'three minutes to my friend.
Mr. DELANO. In regard to the first branch
of this resolution I wish to say a few words.
The fifth section of the act authorizing the
issue of bonds to the Pacific railroad declares
"that for the purpose heroin mentioned the
Secretary of the Treasury shall" "issue to
said company bonds of the United States of
$1,000 each, payable in thirty years afterdate,
bearing six per cent, per annum -interest,"
&e., interest payable in currency. These are
registered bonds.
The fourth section of the act creating na-
tional banks passed two years afterward, June
3, 1864, provides "that the term 'United
States bonds,' as used in this act, shall be con-
strued to mean all registered bonds now issued
or that may hereafter be issued on the faith
of the United States by the Secretary of the
Treasury in pursuance of law."
I do not wish now to reply to the inter-
jective arguments of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts ; but every lawyer who has exam-
amined this law knows that these are registered
bonds and are legal as a banking basis. Now,
what the Comptroller has done under the law,
briefly stated, is this: there are now held as
security for the notes of national banks the
following bonds: of the five-twenty bonds and
the bonds of 1881, $238,620,000, which have
been received at ninety per cent. Their mar-
ket value is from 107 to 109, leaving a margin
of about seventeen to eighteen per cent. There
are of ten-forty bonds $87,321,000, which have
been taken at 85. Their market value is from
105 to 100, leaving a margin of from nineteen
to twenty per cent. There are of the Pacific
railroad bonds $16,382,000, the market value
of which is from 100 to 101. They have been
taken, as the gentleman has said,..at eighty
cents. The best margin on any of these three
classes of bonds is on the Pacific railroad
bonds. There are but $16,000,000 of them
deposited with the Comptroller. They are
clearly authorized by law, and this seems to
me an unjust and needless attack upon the
Comptroller of the Currency. I have no objec-
tion to a resolution calling simply for inform-
ation, but I want these facts to go before the
country with the attack that seems to be made
on the Comptroller of the Currency.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In the
first place, I have made no attack. I have only
said that this thing is done. I do not think that
bonds which are payable in currency and under-
stood to be payable in currency, and which
were not issued for this purpose, should be
used as security, and thus antagonize United
States bonds. I want those gentlemen, in other
words, who say "let us have gold," to keep
gold in the Treasury and not put in currency.
Do not let the banks throw in bonds payable
at a discount of thirty-five per. cent currency
in place of bonds payable in gold. I am not
going to argue whether it is best for the
United States or not. If it was best for the
United States to have such bonds the bankers
would not put them there. They know what
they are about; they are quite up to their in-
terests, and the difficulty is that we have no
one at the Treasury to guard the interests of
the people against the banks.
Mr. DELANO. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the five-twenties are pay-
able in gold ? [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
said nothing upon that subject. I am talking
of the ten-forties. Oh, it is very easy to laugh
on this subject; but it is a time when in my
judgment the Treasury is being robbed and the
people are being robbed by these banks, and
we have no one to guard the Treasury against
the banks. The Treasurer and Comptroller
are both acting as if the paid and hired servants
of tho banks, in my judgment, and are doing
their business, because 1 cannot understand
why this exchange of bonds was made unless
