1869.
THl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1379
tion is oa the motion of the Senator from Indi-
ana.
Mr. WARNER. I appeal to the Senator
from Indiana to withdraw his motion in order
to enable me to present a report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw the motion
until the Senator from Alabama can present
his report.
REPORTS FROM COMMITBSES.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 841) to revive the grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Selma to
Gadsden, in the State of Alabama, and to con-
firm the same to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton
Railroad Company, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 936) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of the lateral branch
of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia," approved
February 5, 1867, reported with an amend-
ment.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on having the
question taken on the motion I made; then if
the bill is taken up I shall not object to gen-
tlemen presenting papers.
The PRESDENT pro tempore. A motion
to adjourn has been interposed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I object to papers
being received pending that motion; but I
thought that motion was withdrawn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdrew it for a par-
ticular purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me take up this bill
first.
Mr. HENDRICKS. You can take it up in
the morning. However, I will yield for the
purpose of taking up the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Indiana
withdraws his motion, I understand; and I ask
that the motion I made be put, as the motion
to adjourn is withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to take up the bill (H. R. No. 1666) to
repeal an act to regulate the tenure of certain
civil offices.
Mr. CONKLING. I am anxious to proceed
with the consideration of the bill which the
Senator from Vermont mentions; but before
we vote we had better understand the effect of
our vote. I should like to know, in the first
place, if the Chair will state, is there to be a
session this evening, as the order now stands;
and if so, for what business ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I did not
occupy the chair at the time; but I am in-
formed that the order for a recess was re-
scinded.
Mr. CONKLING. So that an adjournment
will carry the Senate over until twelve o'clock
to-morrow?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that to-
morrow at one o'clock the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysen] has as a special
order the naturalization bill. If we take up the
tenure-of-office bill now and adjourn it will be
the unfinished business. Then, 1 inquire of the
Chair, whether it would to-morrow take prece-
dence of the naturalization bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly
it, would. If it is taken up now and left un-
finished it will be the first business in order at
one o'clock to-morrow. The question ia on
taking up the bill indicated by the Senator
from Vermont.
The motion was agreed to; there being os a
division—-ayes 25, noes 15.
Mr. COLE. I now move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
['•No!" "No!"]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I agreed to make
that motion myself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 27, noes 13; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 19,1869.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. T. H. Morgan, of Birmingham,
England.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
this morning is resuming the consideration of
the unfinished business pendingatthe adjourn-
ment last night. At that time the House had
seconded the previous question on the Army
appropriation bill, as reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole with amendments, and
ordered the main question to be now put. Upon
that subject the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JULIAN. • Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
MEMPHIS, Ell PASO, AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
be permitted to report from the Committee on
the Public Lands a bill to grant the right of way
to the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad
and Telegraph Company from El Paso, Texas,
to the Pacific ocean. The bill proposes to
grant no lands and no subsidy of any kind ; but
we thought it right to grant the mere right of
way.
Mr. HOLM AN. I reserve the right to object,
until the bill has been read.
The Clerk began to read the bill, but before
concluding,
Mr. CULLOM said : I think we ought to
proceed with the regular order of business.
Mr. JULIAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] to allow this bill
to go through ; it will take but a few minutes
longer. It is simply a grant of the right of
way; it does not grant any public lands or any
subsidy.
Mr. ROSS. I think we had better get through
with the Army bill first; that is more import-
ant than anything else now.
Mr. WOODWARD. I hope the gentleman
will allow the reading of this bill to be com-
pleted : it is nearly finished.
Mr. ROSS. I cannot withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. WELKER. I have no objection to this
bill being read ; but I shall object to any action
upon it now.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] will
proceed.
EJIILIO CABADA.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me to offer a resolution.
Mr. BLAINE. I will yield.
Mr. KELLEY. I will state the object of
my resolution. Emilio Cabada, a citizen of
the United States and a resident of Philadel-
phia, was in Havana a short time since on his
way home to his family, and was arrested and
incarcerated 
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. KELLEY. Let me explain a moment.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] insists on the regular order.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed, as the regular order,
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1803)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1870.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask a parliament-
ary question with reference to the pending bill.
I wish to inquire whether an amendment to the
substitute of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Bi.aine] would be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not be, except
by unanimous consent, as the previous question
has been seconded and the main question
ordered.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] allow me to have read an
amendment which I desire to offer ?
Mr. BLAINE. I will when we reach that
portion of the bill to which the gentleman's
amendment will apply.
I presume, Mr. Speaker, there will be no
objection to concurring without a separate vote
in all the amendments reducing the appropria-
tions proper. There will then remain three
amendments on which the House will neces-
sarily divide: the amendment striking out
$200,000 for surveys for military defenses, the
amendment reducing the appropriation for the
arsenal and armory at Rock Island, Illinois,
and the amendment touching the reduction of
the Army. If it be in order, I ask that the
amendments to the appropriations proper be
concurred in without separate votes, reserving
to be voted on separately the three amend-
ments I have named.
The SPEAKER. The three amendments
indicated will he reserved to be voted on sepa-
rately. The other amendments, if there be no
objection, will be concurred in in gross.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
first amendment reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. BLAINE. Before that is done I sup-
pose all the amendments reserved are,«as well
as the bill.itself, open to discussion, and I will
yield ten minutes of my time to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, having had no
military experience, and not being a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs, I had not
proposed to participate in the discussion of
this bill, yet I feel impelled to say a few words.
First, I wish to thank the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] for the immense
amount of valuable information which he laid
before the House night before last touching
the details of the Army and the general reforms
that may be needed therein. But while thus
thanking him I feel constrained to oppose his
amendment, and to urge the adoption,.if any
amendment is to be made, of what I understand
to be the only alternative, that of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
My reasons for this are briefly these : in less
than two weeks we shall have a new President,
and in him the man who understands the affairs
of the Army and the needs of the country with
reference to Army matters better than any
other man. My faith in his integrity and ca-
pacity and purposes equals that so beautifully
expressed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts ; and I am indisposed to cast a vote or
have this House cast a vote that can be con-
strued to imply a lack of confidence in him.
To-day orders are issuing to open some recruit-
ing stations to supply the places of men now
being mustered out. There is a need of men
upon the plains ; there is a need of officers and
, men throughout the South. And those who
have confidence in General Grant's integrity,
in his desire to economize, and in the integrity
with which he will execute the control of the
Army that lies legitimately within the Presi-
dent's power, know that he can and will under
the law as it is make a reduction equal to that
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts
if it be consistent with the true interests of the
country. . .
What will be the process under his adminis-
tration? It will be that he will appoint no new
officers to the Army: no additions will be made
to the roll of officers save those graduating into
; it, and they will be added by the force of ex-
1 istinglaws. By the judgment of courts-martial
I and otherwise the worthless officers of the
• Army, to whose vices the gentleman from Mas-
; sachusetts alluded the other evening, willundsr
i his eye and his stern rule be weeded out. A'td
| I apprehend that if in his judgment the country
i can spare the number of ofljcers whose removal
1 or muster-out is provided for by the gentle-
