1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
they are. I yield now to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. According to the statement
which the gentleman from Massachusetts has
made, the laws of the United States authorize
the Comptroller to receive in exchange for
other bonds of the United States these bonds
issued to the Pacific railroad and allow cur-
rency thereon up to within ten per cent, of
their market value; and further than that, the
gentleman asserts that the value of these bonds
is now almost one hundred and one per cent.,
and that they have been received in exchange
for other bonds, allowing circulation of eighty
cents on the dollar for them. As I understand
the resolution before the House it is a House
resolution. I have been to the Clerk's desk
and read these words which attracted my atten-
tion when the resolution was read by the Clerk,
namely, "and such exchange shall cease till
further action of the House.'' Now, what
have we before us? We have a law authoriz-
ing the Comptroller, according to the gentle-
man's own statement, to do this very thing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg
your pardon ; I have not said so.
Mr. PAINE. I understood the gentleman
to say so. But I will read the law for which I
have just sent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Delako] read the law.
Mr. PAINE. Then I will simply state the
effect of the law, about which there can be no
doubt. The Comptroller, if in his opinion it may
be done without prejudice to the United States,
is at liberty to receive these bonds as the basis of
circulation from the national banks in exchange
for other bonds of the United* States. _lt
seems that he has exercised his judgment in
this matter, and now the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts comes in here, and by his House
resolution proposes to repeal that law. We
cannot do it. It may be that the Comptroller
of the Currency ha : made a mistake ; it may
be that he has judged erroneously in this mat-
ter. But if so, we must by an act of Congress
or a joint resolution render it impossible for
him to do what he has done.
But let us see whether he has been mistaken,
even taking the gentleman's own statement as
true. He says the bonds are worth to-day one
hundred and one cents on the dollar, and that
the Comptroller of the Currency allows circu-
lation upon them not at the rate of ninety
cents on the dollar as the law permits, but only
at the rate of eighty cents on the dollar,
whereas, according to his statement, he allows
ninety cents of circulation tor five-twenty bonds
and eighty-five cents for seven-forties.^ Now,
who shall say that in view of this margin which
lias been made by the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency as against these bonds his judgment has
not. been a wise one, or that it has been preju-
■ dicial to the interests of the country for him to
take this course?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I by
no means agree that the law is as has been
stated by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Del-
ano.] or by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine.] The law was passed allowing
all registered bonds to be deposited as security
for national bank circulation when there were
no Pacific railroad bonds issued.
Mr. DELANO. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr! BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
mistaken. ,
Mr. DELANO. The Pacific railroad bonds
were provided for long before the law was
^Mi^BUTLER. of Massachusetts. I did not
say anything about that. I said " when there
were 110 Pacific railroad bonds issued; and
the gentleman knows that statement is correct.
I am dealing with the question ot time. Before
a single Pacific railroad bond was issued this
law was passed : and 110 man 111 (he countiy
then thought the currency bonds—muess the
five-twenty bonds are to be regarded as
able in currency—no man thought the non-gold-
bearing bonds were to be deposited as security
for currency, which we hoped would soon or
in time come up to the gold standard.
Then there was an act passed allowing the
exchange of bonds, which exchange was to be
made when the Comptroller of the Currency
should think it best to have such an exchange
made. Then we could not hear, without a
resolution asking him to report to us, what he
has been doing. And we propose that he shall
not continue to exercise his discretion in this
matter until we have examined his report.
And when the gentleman from Wisconsin,[Mr.
Paine] speaks of this being simply a House
resolution, I want to know what he means.
Cannot the House of Representatives control
the discretion of one of the subordinate execu-
tive officers ? I think that any House would
say to any subordinate officer that if he under-
took to act after it had requested him not to
act he did it at his peril. That is ordinarily
done at every session—I might say on every
day of the session. We discussed a resolution
but the other day directing the Postmaster
General not to pay Wells, Fargo & Co. until
an investigation of their contract could be had.
Mr. Speaker, when I see the advocates of
banking on this floor coming forward so earn-
estly, with prepared arguments written out for
them, coming here with a written argument 
Mr. DELANO. The gentleman makes a
statement not warranted by the facts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
argument was written by the Comptroller ot
the Currency.
Mr. DELANO. There was no argument
written by anybody.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I take it
back; there was no "argument," it was a
written paper. It was not an argument at all.
There was no argument in it. The gentleman
is right, and I was wrong.
Mr. DELANO. I simply quoted the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The paper
was written by the Comptroller. Am I not
right in that? Well, these banking advocates
come here with a prepared statement to meet
a resolution of inquiry. That shows that the
gentlemen understood how the bank interest
is in this matter, in which the people are so
much interested. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. As no argument is to be
allowed, I ask that a portion of this resolution
be again read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. JULIAN. Let the previous question
be voted down.
Mr. PAINE. The motion to suspend the
rules was carried because the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] promised to allow
discussion. At least I so understood, and for
that reason I did not vote against suspending
til© rules. ~
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to mo? .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
I will withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion, and yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not an advocate ot
the banks, nor have I prepared arguments
upon this subject. ButI undertake to say that
this resolution is very defective in form and
matter. It calls upon the Comptroller of the
Currency to give certain information, and then
goes on to say that certain things he has been
doing shall cease. Now, whether he is to
give information whether those things areg°"
in0, to cease, or whether that is intended as
legislation by this House to compel him to
cease, is very uncertain, because the expres-
sion is very ambiguous. If it be a direction
to him to cease doing a certain thing, all I
have to say is that if he is authorized to do it
by law, with all our power we have none to
compel him to cease doing it. ihat can only
be done bv law, either by an enactment in the
form of a'law, or the passage of a joint reso-
lution by the two Houses, which has the force
of law. If he has no power by law to do it,
then that part of the resolution, does not mean
anything. I will ask the Clerk to read- the
first part of the resolution, so as to show how
ambiguous it is. And 'that ambiguity arises
from the fact that it is an interlineation after
the resolution was originally drawn,'and makes
obscure what before was plain enough.-
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Comptroller is to in-
form this House so and so, "and such ex-
change shall cease." If he has the right to
do it by law the House of Representatives
have not the power to do it by law, but must
call in the aid of the other branch of Con-
gress. If he has not the power by law, then
that part of the resolution has no effect what-
ever, and might as well not have been inter-
lined in the resolution at all.
I hope the gentleman will allow this resolu-
tion to be referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, or some other appropriate
committee, for a report of this matter in a
clearer form.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To send
the resolution to the Committee on Banking
and Currency I have already found by expe-
rience, Mr. Speaker, is to consign it to the sleep
that knows no waking. That committee has
so little to do with §300,000,000 of currency in
circulation and sixteen hundred banks that
another committee is occupying its room. I
have been here long enough to know that it is
an every day business in our legislation to give
directions lo subordinate departments of the
Government. The Comptroller is not com-
pelled by law to do this thing. _ If he were, he
would be obliged to do it in spite of our resolu-
tion ; but he is only authorized to do it,^ and
we are trying to instruct his judgment, lhts
House of Representatives having the whole
revenues of this country in its hands has the
ordinary control over the sub :dinate depart-
ments of the Government ana can direct, for
an examj^le, that no more iron-clads shall be
built by the Navy, and a thousand like things.
This resolution is to meet the case where the
the law requires it to be done ; but where the
law only pf ^mits it to be done I do not see
the objection.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so far as that portion is
concerned which directs the Comptroller to
cease this practice, I have no objection to its
being taken oat of the resolution. If it turns
out he continues after this notice, I will take
care that he shall be brought before the House
to be dealt with in quite a different way. I
will strike out so much as directs the practice
shall cease, and then ask that the resolution
shall be put on its passage. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I sug-
gest to my colleague that the resolution be
addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and not to a subordinate officer of the Treas-
ury Department.
And while I am up I will take this oppor-
tunity of saying that I am in favor of the res-
olution in all its branches, and particularly in
the latter branch, in regard to the conversion
of national banks into State banks. _ Two
weeks ago I introduced a resolution calling on
the Secretary of the Treasury for information
in regard to a particular bank, which I under-
stand originally was a State bank. It organ-
ized under the national banking law with a
capital of $850,000, deposited $360,000 in
bonds, and took out $315,000 in circulation 5
then immediately converted itself back into a
State bank and announced to the Comptroller
that it had no longer any existence as a national
bank, and refused to make any returns to him,
and when called 011 to return the circulation
replied it would do so as soon as it could.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to make a statement,
not for my own satisfaction, but when a decla-
ration goes out from the House of Representa-
tives, a part of the law-making power of _ this
land, that a national bank can organize with a
capital of §350,000, deposit that amount of
bonds with the Comptroller, receiving therefor
circulating notes, and the next day or the next
