mi
AIWEpDIX TO THE QQ¥fiSfiSSION-4L G-LOBE.
[February 18, :>..i
Ho. of Reps.
Cord est ed-JEJ lee tiori Case—Mr. Pettis.
40th Cong....3d
before the board of election upon election day;
that is, at the polls.
From the precinct of Santa .Clara, iu the
county "of Mora, 209 votes were returned—19
for the contestant and 190 for Cleyer. Colonel
Chaves contends that only 52 votes were polled
—32 for Mr. Clever and 19 or 20 for Colonel
Chaves.
Jos6 Angel Padilla testifies that he knew that
only 52 votes were polled ; that he derived his
knowledgeof that fact from seeing the poll-list
all day, and the numbers on the poll-list as the
names of the voters were taken down by the
clerks of the election, and from counting the
votes as they were polled.
Benigno Baca, one of the judges of election,
testifies that he thinks there were 209 or 219
votes, and that, though he could not read or
write, he supposed that the true number was
put down by the clerks of election, and that he
knew it because the other judges could read
and write, and he was present at the counting
of the votes.
Manuel Abieta says that he arrived at the
polls after the votes were counted, and that it
was publicly announced by the clerks and j udges
that there were over 200 votes given, and that
Chaves had received 18 votes and Clever the
"balance." The other two judges were not
called by Mr. Clever to testify, nor was the
clerk, Fernando Nolan, who was a candidate
for the Legislature on the Clever ticket. The
contestant summoned Nolan, but he refused to
attend, and was lurking around the place of
taking testimony while it was going on, show-
ingreluctance to testify. At this precinctonly
five months previous to this election for Dele-
gate 135 votes only were polled at an elec-
tion for local officers, and in 1868, the next
year after the election for Delegate, the regis-
tration list showed only 106, yet it is pretended
lliat 209 votes were polled at an election in the
intermediate year.
An examination of the poll-book discloses
beyond all question its total want of integrity.
The names of the three judges, Jesus Barreras,
, Jorge Chaves, and Benigno Baca, and the name
^ of the clerk, Fernando Nolan, as purporting to
have been subscribed to the oath, are all written
in the same handwriting, and the same name
as signed to the certificate of the result are also
written manifestly by one person, but in a hand-
writing entirely different from that in which
they are written on the first page. The name
of Jesus Barreras is spelled properly as sub-
scribed to the oath, but in the signature to the
certificate it is spelled Bareras. The Christian
name of Jorge Chaves is spelled Jiorge to the
oath and George to the certificate. The Chris-
tian name of Benigno Baca is spelled improp-
erly Benino iu both places. The name of the
justice of the peace purporting to have sworn
the officers in is written to the jurat Bernardo
Tores, the surname, which is Torres, being
spelled wrong. The name of the same man
is signed as justice of the peace, on the last
page, Bemandia Torres—the surname being
spelled wrong in the first instance and the
Christian name in the last. There can be no
doubt that two different persons wrote all of
those names except the name of the clerk,
Fernando Nolan, who doubtless wrote all the
names on the first page, and even his name was
manifestly written by another person in his pre-
tended signature to the certificate. It is very
apparent that every name on the poll-list from
No. 57 to the end was written by the person who
forged the names of the officers to the certifi-
cate. Every vote recorded after the forty-third
vote was recorded for Mr. Clever. These cir-
cumstances clearly indicate that the poll-book
of this precinct passed through a severe ordeal
of manipulation and impugn the integrity of
the entire poll. There can, at least, be no doubt
of the correctness of the testimony of Jose
Angel Padilla, for his frank and positive testi-
mony is corroborated by the appearance of
the poll-list.
•So far as the confest^jat's allegattipBS are con-
cerned touching the impropriety' and illegal-
ity of the election in precinct No. 11, known
asLaJunta precinct, Mora county, the commit-
tee found the facts to be £s alleged, and that
coarse, improper, vulgar, &nd threatening lan-
guage was used by the friends and supporters
of Mr. Clever, and that it was done to intimi-
date and prevent persons from voting for the
contestant, and yet did not recommend that the
entire vote of the county be thrown out, but
only the 100 votes that Walter Fosdyke, one
of the judges of election and a Clever man,
testifies were fraudulently added to the poll-
li&t and the certificate changed and forged so
as to correspond with the fraudulent altera-
tion or addition. The committee should have
probably gone further and thrown out the vote
of the camp-followers and lawless persons who
voted in violation of law at such precinct.
In this connection Mr. Fosdyke says that
only 543 votes were cast, and that 100 were
inserted in the poll-book after he had signed
the certificate. Mr. Fosdyke is a man in high
standing, and his statements touching this mat-
ter are corroborated by the certificate, the book,
and the alterations apparent upon inspection.
Mr. James F. Johnson testified that Mr. Fos-
dyke stands as high as any man in the Territory,
and that nothing can be said against him either
as a man of truth or honor. Mr. Fosdyke
says that after the closing of the polls he,with
the other officers of election, having signed
one of the poll-books and attested the result of
the election, turned the poll-books and ballot-
box over to Mr. Nelson, one of the clerks of
the election ; that he went to the house of a
Mr. Kronig the next morning after the elec-
tion to see Mr. Mink, and could not find him
anywhere; that about eleven o'clock Mink and
Nelson came out of a private room where they
had been closeted during the morning, Nelson
having the ballot-box under his arm. James
F. Johnson testifies that he had a conversation
with this same Mr. Mink just before the elec-
tion, in which Mink said, " We must beat
them, and even take our old books and get all
the names of the hired men and take the list
and pat their names upon the poll-books," and
that he meant that Clever must beat Chaves.
This is the Mr. Mink who was cloistered with
Mr. Nelson and the ballot-box and poll-books,
doubtless with a view of executing the fraud
suggested in his conversation with Johnson.
Mr. Nelson was subpenaed by Mr. Chaves to
testify in this case, but he failed to appear,
having left the country.
i am not at all clear that it was not the duty
of the committee to recommend the throwing
out of the whole vote of Mora county. The re-
turns were not made by the judge of probate
to the secretary as the law requires. The stat-
ute is explicit upon this subject. The returns
of each county are to be sent by "special mes-
senger to the secretary of the Territory," and
the law recognizes no other mode of transmis-
sion. The returns from Mora county were
not so forwarded, but were placed by the pro-
bate judge in the hands of one Harris, at Fort
Union, a partisan of Mr. Clever, and by him
sent through the medium of a common carrier
to B. B. Mitchell, Governor of the Territory.
Harris, to whom the judge of probate handed
the returns, states that he inclosed them in a
certain kind of paper and directed the package
as follows: "Governor Robert B. Mitchell,
Santa F6, New Mexico; value, $5,000," and
thus he sent the same by expiess. It also
appeared that the returns were covered by an
inner wrapper, which was superscribed as fol-
lows: "Election returns for Mora county,
New Mexico, 1867. His Excellency Governor
R. B. Mitchell, Santa Fe, New Mexico."
While Mr. Harris was upon the witness stand
he, was shown the inner wrapper, and he did
not rec'ognize the handwriting of the super
scription or the superscription itself as ever
having seen either before. He testified that the
inner wrapping, on which was written the ad-
dress that he did not recognize, was iu the
form of a sack or bag, such as merchants use
to put sugar and coffee in. Yincente Romero,
the judge of probate, testified that the poll- -
books, when he left them with Mr.Harris for
transmission to Santa F6, were inclosed in
common wrapping paper, such as is used in
country stores, and not in the form of a sack
or bag. By a departure from so plain a pro-
vision of the law in the forwarding of the re-
turns an opportunity was afforded for tampering
with the official returns; and in view of the fact
that the returns from precincts Nos. 11 and 12,
La Junta and Santa Clara, were altered, as I have
already shown, can any one doubt that they
were violated and tampered with ? No doubt
this unlawful transmission was adopted to facil-
itate this intermediate manipulation of the re-
turns, as they were bandied about in direct
violation of law, and the presumption is not
only violent but conclusive that these forgeries
and alterations were made while in transitu.
With reference to the vote at the thirteenth or
Moreno precinct, in the county of Mora, and ,
which the committee disallowed in their report,
the testimony of Yincente Romero, the probate
judge of the county, ought to be sufficient evi-
dence of the correctness of the report upon that
point, and he testifies that he did not at that
time consider that precinct as having any legal
existence. But the secretary of the Territory
settles the question beyond all cavil by testify-
ing that the precinct was established by the
Legislature in January, 1868. The vote of pre-
cincts Nos. 13 and 14 in the county were ex-
cluded by the committee, and rightfully, for
they were not established by law until the next
year after the election of September, 1867, and
153 votes more were returned for Mr. Clever
than Mr. Chaves. The first of such precincts
was known as Rio Bonito, the second as La
Valle de Missouri, in the county of Socoro.
The proceeding of the probate judge in the
county of Dona Anna as disclosed by the testi-
mony was extraordinary, not to say outrageous
and criminal. He was himself a candidate for
election upon the Clever ticket; and by the re-
turns from the different precincts as made by the
judges and clerks he was defeated, and Clever
169 votes behind Colonel Chaves. The vote of
his county was, by a process to which I will
presently refer, changed from a majority of 169
for Chaves to 144 for Clever, and the defeated
probate judge declared elected by the fraud-
ulent and unauthorized acts of himself and
those acting under and with him. Of 390 votes
that had been cast and returned for Mr. Chaves
168 of that number were rejected, as the mas-
ter of ceremonies would have it, for illegality
and insufficiency of the returns, and 305 stricken
from the poll-books outright.
The sitting Delegate rests the authority for
the exercise of such power by the probate
judge on a law of the Territory, which directs
him to publicly examine and count the votes
polled for each candidate. The authority so
claimed for the probate judge's action is sim-
ply monstrous. It is the first real board of
political inquisition that ever fell under my
observation. The terrible system of frauds in
the city of New York, which my colleague
[Mr. IvELLEy],charged as having been perpe-
trated there in November last, and which was
so warmly and emphatically thrown^ back by
the honorable member from New York [Mr.
Brooks] as having been originated in Philadel-
phia, whiten when compared with those dis-
closed in this case, and which have nothing,
but their coarseness and boldness to recom-:
mend them to the favor of this House. The
twenty-second section of the compiled laws of
the Territory of New Mexico, page 436, is in
these words:
" Sec. 22. Alt votes shall be by ballot, each voter
being required to deliver liis own vo'e in person.
Each ticket shull be numbered, and then umber placed
opposite the name oi the voter; said ticket shall m
no ease be examined unless the election be contested*
