1869.}
APPENDIX TO ¥ffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
205
Suffrage Constitutional, 'Amendment—Mr. Woodward.
Ho. of Reps.
but shall be delivered by the judges of the election
to the probate judge of the county, who shall retain
them until the expiration of the time allowed for
the contesting of the election, and they shall then be
destroyed."
Section seventeen of the same law only au-
thorizes the judge, as canvasser, to examine
the regularity of the returns or votes. The
authority to decide upon the legality of votes
returned for Delegate, according to law, by the
judges of election to the judge of probate,
belongs exclusively to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
i The probate judge rejected the vote of pre-
cinct No. 6, in this county, because the people
at the opening of the polls appointed a judge
of election in place of an absentee, which was
done under section fifteen of the election law
of the Territory, page 434, which is substan-
tially a copy of a provision that is to be found
upon the statutes of nearly every State, and is
in the words following :
"Sec. 15. If any probate judge should fail to ap-
point the judges provided by this act, or if irom any
cause they shall fail to attend to their respective pre-
cincts on the day of the election, it shall be lawful
for a majority of the qualified voters, in the precinct
where said vacancy occurs, to appoint judges, who
shall conduct said election in the same manner and
to the same effect as if they had been appointed by
the judge of probate as provided in this act."
The returns from precinct No. 7 were re-
jected on the ground that the clerks did not
sign the poll-books and certificate, although the
judges had, while the poll-books of precinct
No. 12, in Mora county, subject to the same
objection, were allowed, the one varying or dif-
fering with the other only in this, that the one
allowed polled a majority for Clever, and the
one rejected casta majority for Colonel Chaves.
It appears from the testimony that 23 votes
for Mr. Clever were rejected as illegal by the
judges of election at precinct No. 3 in the cit.y
of Santa F6, but that the judges were subse-
quently induced to count them, in the returns,
for Mr. Clever, under the influence of threats
and intimidation on the part of his friends, who
attended the polls armed with pistols and blud-
geons.
It is alleged by Mr. Clever that 82 alien votes
were polled for Mr. Chaves in the county of Santa
F<j. He alludes to a certain class of persons
who were citizens of the Republic of Mexico
when by the fortunes of war between the Uni-
ted States and that republic the region of coun-
try of which the Territory of New Mexico is
now a part became ceded to the United States,
and who by the stipulations of the treaty of
Guadaloupe Hidalgo were clothed with the
privilege of retaining the character of Mexican
citizens, provided the declaration of an inten-
tion to retain their allegiance to their former
sovereign should be made within a period des-
ignated by the said treaty.
For the purpose of proving that the alleged
82 alien votes were polled by persons who, in
pursuance of that treaty stipulation, had de-
clared their intention to retain the character
of Mexican citizens, the sitting Delegate took
the testimony of Donacrana Vigil, who testified
that he filled the office of acting Governor of
the Territory of New Mexico under the Harney
code; that he continued in that office until Col-
onel John M. Washington entered on the duties
of the office of civil and military governor of
New Mexico; that he was in the discharge of
the duties of secretary of the Territory when
Colonel Washington issued a proclamation
requiring the inhabitants of the Territory to
elect whether they would retain the character
of Mexican citizens; that by virtue of said proc-
lamation a book of registry was ordered to be
opened in the offices of the several precincts of
the Territory, in which the names of those who
wished to retain the character of Mexican citi-
zens should be recorded ; that he saw from the
list of names of persons residing in the county
ofSanta; F6—which seems to have been handed
to him while testifying—that those names, to
the best of his recollection, were in the book of
registry opened in the said county for the recep-
tion of the names of those who wished to retain
the character of Mexican citizens, when the
said book was returned to the secretary's office
by the judge of probate of the county of Santa
F6.
Witnesses are then introduced to prove that
persons of the same names voted for Mr. Chaves
in the election now in contest. If those persons
registered their names as evidence of their
intention to retain the character of Mexican
citizens under the provisions of the treaty, their
act became a subject of record, and that record
should have been produced, or, if the record
could not have been obtained, a certified copy
of the same should have been produced, and if
the record had been lost or destroyed, its
absence should have been accounted for. The
rule of evidence is, that the best evidence must
be produced of which the nature of the case is
susceptible. When better evidence is withheld
it is fair to presume that the party had some
sinister motive for not producing it, and that,
if offered, his design would be frustrated. Be-
sides, there was no evidence of identity to show
that the persons who were alleged to have
declared their intention to retain the character
of Mexican citizens, though they bore the same
names, were the identical persons who voted
for Mr. Chaves. Other attempts seem to have
been made by Mr. Clever to show, from the
same cause, ineligibility on the part of those
who voted for Mr. Chaves, but his testimony
has been insufficient for the purpose.
It seems, then, from the evidence that it was
before the election in 1867 resolved upon by
bad men that Colonel Chaves was to be de-
feated and Mr. Clever elected. When an
.offense against the laws, against the rights of
the people of the Territory—saying nothing of
the rights of the contestant that were to be
stricken down by the conspiiacy against the
ballot-box, was so early and coolly planned—
can anybody affect surprise at the disclosures
made in the testimony showing that after the
election had been held, and under circum-
stances unauthorized, in unusual places, illegal
voters permitted to vote, because resistance
was dangerous to life, and persons prevented
from voting by intimidation and threats of
violence; that after all this being adjudged
legal that still the contestant was elected ; that
a resort was had in the precinct Tierra Amer-
i 11a to add nearly 400 votes to Mr. Clever's
majority, and smaller majorities in several
others : and that failing still to overcome Col-
onel Chaves's majority, that bad men resolved
upon the last conceivable monstrosity in this
connection, and cap the climax of villainy by
absolutely rejecting -393 votes that had been
cast for Colonel Chaves in Donna Ana county,
without objection or challenge, with nothing
to commend such action save bold-faced im-
pudence and brazen insolence, and all in order
to falsify the records of the county, that a lie
might be put in its mouth, and it made to say
that instead of Colonel Chaves being the choice
of her people as a representative Delegate in
this House by a majority of 109, that Mr. Clever
was by a majority of 144. I may say that it
matters not whether the acts producing such
results were virtuous or vicious, it is enough
to know that they were unauthorized, for the
injury is the same in either case to the con-
testant and an outraged people.
The evil which men do live after them, and
nothing is more foolish than injustice. The
bad faith of these ballot-box staffers and elec-
tion-return manipulators, repeaters and re-
jectors, come back to pester and plague them
and theirs. Mink, Madrid, and Lemon, and
their associates will die, but their infamy in this
transaction is on record and will live after them,
reaching down through the tide of time to the
third and fourth generation, and will stick to
the ribs of their posterity, and like a chronic
infirmity will be felt at every change of weather.
And now when this nation is emerging from the
sea of trouble and error into which it had fallen
because of the wrong of her people, and when
the dry land has at last rose through the great
sea of blood and crime, I beg of you do not by
your action in this case do that which recog-
nizesin that struggling Territory that has united
her fortunes, her interests, and her honor with
our own, that force, violence, and disregard of
law—that is butanother name for rebellion—and
would have better graced a society whose chief
accomplishments were whips, chains, yokes,
thumb-screws, blood-hounds and brothels, than
the age in which we live. Every injury super-
induced by a wrong act must be repaired by
the power having control in the premises, and
this upon a principle of primary and necessary
justice j otherwise all the points of social and
political contact, instead of points of coherence,
would become points of repulsion, and society
would soon cease.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. WOODWARD,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
February 20, 1869,
On the joint resolution (S. It. No. 8) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to say a few
words to-day in behalf of the people of Penn-
sylvania. The constitution of the Stale of
Pennsylvania of 1790 was silent on the subject
of negro suffrage. A diversity of opinion and
practice to a limited extent grew up under that
constitution. In some sporadic instances col-
ored men were permitted to vote ; but at length
the question came before the highest judicial
tribunal of the State, and it was decided that
the constitution of 1790, rightly understood,
never permitted negro suffrage.
That decision was based upon this ground,
that the negro race never had become a part
of the social compact of this country, a con-
clusion that was deduced from the history of
the negro race and their introduction into this
country as slaves. It resulted very logically
out of the great principle of the Declaration
of Independence, that all just Governments
should be founded in the consent of the gov-
erned. A subject, inferior, ignorant, and idol-
atrous race, introduced into a country against
their will to be slaves, would be greatly wronged
in being treated as having consented to the
government of that country. The African race
has never consented to the government of this
country. They are exotic, they are alien, they
are strangers to the Commonwealth. They
were brought here in violation of the laws of
nature ; they were thrust upon us withonttheir
consent and without ours; and according to
Pennsylvania law they never became parties to
the social compact upon which all our polit-
ical institutions are founded.
The people of Pennsylvania, penetrated with
these truths, which their judiciary had thus
recognized, amended in 1837 their constitution
of 1790, and in defining the qualifications of
electors inserted the word " white" before the
word " freeman." This was not only agreed
to in their constitutional convention after great
deliberation, but that amendmentwas submit-
ted, with other amendments, to a vote of the
people of Pennsylvania. And, sir, it is a part
of the history of the times that those who were
opposed to the reform of the constitution were
especially opposed to this amendment, because
of the popularity which it gave to the other
amendments. I point the House to the fact
that the people of Pennsylvania thus, through
their judicial tribunals and by their own pop-
ular elections, decided as solemnly as it is pos-
sible for freemen to decide that the negro race
was no party to the social compact and should
not be admitted to the suffrage.
