1869.
THE C0NG11ESSI0NAL GLOBE.
1^1
Mr. PRICE. If you take off the estimate
§550,000, that strikes out all these buildings-—
the prison, barracks, &c., and all these tools
and the other items that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has read to the House to-day,
and that he read to them when we considered
the bill in Committee o.f the Whole. Now,
I wish gentlemen of the House would look at
this simple fact, and if it is not a fact I do not
ask for any appropriation at all. Take the cost
of the prison, and the cost of the barracks, and
the cost of the tools, and all these other items
which have been read to the House again and
again, for the purpose of creating an impres-
sion, and if when you put them all together
they amount to $550,000, then X pledge myself
to vote with the gentleman from Pennsylvania;
but if they do not, then I ask him in fairness
to yield his opposition to tiiis appropriation,
and let it go for exactly what the Secretary of
War now—this morning in his letter—states it
should go for.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question?
Mr. PRICE. Certainly; and I will answer it
if I can.
Mr. SCQPIELD. Of the $1,000,000 which
we appropriate $500,000 goes to the railroad
bridge. Now, then, what does the other
$500,000 go for?
Mr. PRICE. I will answer that question. If
the bill passes exactly as it camefrom the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, the other $500,000
will go for the completion of the buildings now
in progress and for the development of the
water-power.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, there are no build-
ings in progress except the workshops, and
they tell us in their estimate that the appro-
priation for last year is large enough to com-
plete them.
Mr. PRICE. Will my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] tell me—and I want his
answer—what, is the size of these buildings?
He says they are workshops, and I do not
object to the name; but that term conveys to
the minds of gentlemen present the idea that
they are small buildings. What is the size of
those buildings?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot tell the gentle-
man.
Mr. PRICE. Precisely. I can tell the size
of them, and I want the House to understand
it. This is an arsenal and an armory for the
whole Northwest, in which many millions of
people are interested. These buildings—there
are two of them—are one hundred and thirty
feet in length, and I think one hundred and
fifty feet; but I am safe in saying one hundred
and thirty feet, and of the proper width for
such buildings. And when I saw them last
fall—because I have been upon the ground,
and speak understanding^ upon this subject
from personal knowledge, as well as from the
letter of the Secretary of War—when I saw
them last fall they were completed two thirds
the way up the square of the buildings; and
the architect told me that the appropriation
would be expended when the iron joists had
been paid for. I have been on the ground
and all around and through^ these buildings,
and I certainly cannot be mistaken in regard
to this matter.
Mr. SCOETELD. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. There is not a dollar of the
§500,000 here appropriated which will go to
complete these shops. The estimates do not
cover them.; they do not ask for a dollar for
that purpose. On the contrary, the Depart-
ment says in its estimates that it wants $50,000
for tools for the shops that will be completed
by the appropriation made last year.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from Penn--
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] knows very .well that
the friends of this measure agreed in Commit-
tee of the Whole tha other day that a proviso
might be inserted here that not a dollar of this
appropriation shall be devoted to the construc-
tion of new buildings. The friends of this
measure would be entirely satisfied with that.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] if
the contract to which allusion has been made
fixes a specific sum to be paid for the construc-
tion of a bridge,, and if so, what was. the sum
named?
Mr. BLAINE. There was no specific suni
agreed to be paid. But I believe a limit was
made of $1,000,000, It was provided that the
expenditure for that purpose shall not exceed
$1,000,000. We contracted with the railroad
company to construct, this bridge on those
terms, and last year we appropriated $200,000
for a beginning.
Now, let me state, one other point of im-
portance. The arsenal at St. Louis the United
States desires to get rid of and the city of St.
Louis desires to get rid of. It is understood
that that property will sell for three hundred
and fifty or four hundred thousand dollars. The
very moment this arsenal at Rock Island is
completed for occupancy and use the arsenal
at St. Louis Will be sold, and the proceeds will
go to the payment of so much of the cost of
this arsenal. But until this arsenal is ready
for occupancy and use we cannot give up the
arsenal at St. Louis, the city of St. Louis can-
not be accommodated by its removal, and the
proceeds of its sale cannot be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield to
me?
Mr. BLAINE. For a question.
Mr. PHELPS. I regard the proposition now
before the House as bringing us fairly and
squarely up to a test vote whether members
who have been avowing that they are in favor
of economy and retrenchment are sincere and
earnest in what they say. I regard this as a
test question.
Mr. BLAINE. Very well; the gentleman
can regard it as he chooses. But let me say
to him—and I mean nothing personal or offen-
sive to him when I say so—that every State on
the Atlantic sea-board, and the State of Mary-
land among them, has had more Government
money laid out in it in the way of public ex-
penditures than is proposed here for twelve
millions of population.
Mr. PHELPS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; I deny his statement.
Mr. BLAINE. It is correct, nevertheless.
Mr. PHELPS. I say that so far from his
statement being correct, the fact is, as every-
body knows, that in the matter of river and
harbor improvements alone the Northwest has,
at least every year since I have been in Con-
gress, invariably carried off the lion's share of
the publie money.
Mr. BLAINE. I say that in the State of
Maryland alone, in the way of publie buildings,
fortifications, and the United States Naval
Academy located on its soil, more has been
expended in the shape of patronage from the
national Treasury four times over than what
this Rock Island will cost.
Mr. PHELPS. It is very easy to make such
a statement, but not so easy to prove it.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, it is a matter of fact.
Mr. PHELPS. It is not a matter of fact.
The Rock Island arsenal has already cost,
inclusive of the million now sought to be ap-
propriated, a larger amount of money than has
been expended upon the Naval Academy from
its foundation in 1846 until the present time.
But I do not wish to engage in any controversy
with the gentleman in reference to past appro-
priations for my State or any other State in
prosperous times; but I repeat that in the
present condition of the finances and of the
tax-paying people this proposition to expend
the enormous sum of §1,000,000 upon an
arsenal for which there is no immediate neces-
sity presents a test question whether gentle-
men are in earnest or not in earnest in their
demands for retrenchment. If we are not in
earnest 
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman will let me
say 
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to know whether the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] is going
to let1 me "have three minutes to oppose litis
proposition or not? If the gentleman yields
me three minutes let him say sq.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman may have
three minutes.
Mr. PHELPS. Now, Mr.' Speaker, the gen-
tleman brings here a letter of the Secretary of
War, and that is supposed to be conclusive on
this question. It is apparently assumed that
no gentleman dare vote in opposition to this
proposition after hearing that letter read ; and
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] took
-care to suggest that It should be sent to the
Clerk's desk and read again. Now, Mr.
Speaker, what does that letter purport to show?
Why, simply that in pursuance of contracts
made under existing law a certain amount of
money is some time or other to be expended
on that work. I do not deny it. But when
you put this appropriation on the ground of
contract, I say that there arc numerous con-
tracts express and implied, equally meritorious,
and indeed much more so than the one referred
to in the letter of tlfe Secretary of War—con-
tracts amounting to hundreds of millions of
dollars, for which Congress has, up to the pres-
ent moment, failed to make any appropriation.
I refer more particularly to those contracts
made during the prosecution of the war, by
which the Government pledged itself to make
reimbursement for real and personal property,
for which the owners have not received one
cent of compensation. If we are going upon
the ground of contract let us take these mat-
ters up in their order.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I resume the
floor. I suppose the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Phelps,] in the remarks he has just made,
alludes to the horrible loss inflicted on the loyal
citizens of Maryland by the recruiting of their
negroes into the Army. Now, I make again
the statement, and I make it with deliberation,
that, I will not say every State, but nearly
eveny S|ate on the Atlantic sea-boT.rd, and pre-
eminently the State of Maryland, which the
gentleman represents, has received in the shape
of public improvements and benefices from the
Treasury of the United States vastly more
than has ever been asked or ever will be asked
to finish this armory at Rock Island, in which
a population of from twelve to fifteen millions
of people are now interested, and in which
within the lifetime of those now living forty
millions of people will be interested, for their
defense against foreign enemies.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman put
this appropriation on the ground of favor to the
Northwest ?
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; I put it on the
ground of the right of the Northwest, of the
right of each section of the whole country to
have its legitimate share of the public patron-
age, to be used in its defense and for its pro-
tection. And I say to the gentleman from New-
Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens,] without intending
any offense, that at the door of his own State,
and on the soil of my State, the United States
G-overnment has expended vastly more in the
Portsmouth navy-yard than is asked to be ex-
pended for the Rock Island armory.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman would
give me time I could show that his statement
is incorrect.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair, questions as to appropriations for Mary-
land and appropriations for New Hampshire
and appropriations for Maine are not strictly
germane to the question pending before the
House. He thinks it proper to recall the House
to the question.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order,
whether it is just for the gentleman from Maine
to parcel out all his time to gentlemen on one
side?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Raxdall] is fully aware that that
is not a point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. Tes; but I had to get
the point to the gentleman through you, Mr.
Speaker. [Lnuffhter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
