206
'USE ■CO^G-^ESSIQNAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Suffrage. Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Woodward. -
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that decree has never
been reversed. On the contrary, all political,
parties have recognized it and submitted to it.
The Republican party, as often as they have
been charged with intending to take out of the
foundations of our State government that cor-
ner-stone, have asserted that they were slan-
dered j that they intended nothing of the sort.
They have pointed to the Chicago platform in
confirmation of their assertions. In conse-
quence of this disavowal they enjoyed in the
last election, and in all the late elections in our
State, a very large Welsh vote, which, I tell
them, they will lose from the day that they force
negro suffrage upon the people. They have
enjoyed that Welsh vote by reason of their per-
sistent and apparently consistent denial that
they were for negro suffrage. The Welsh do
not like the Irish ; there is a lack of congeni-
ality between the two classes on account of
leligion and other causes. The Republican
party, while they cannot carry the great body
of the Irish population, can carry a large pro-
portion of the Welsh so long as, and only so
long as, they cau persuade that people they are
honest in their professions against negro suf-
frage.
'i'lie effect of the proposition now before us
is to change the fundamental law of Pennsyl-
vania, to reverse the historic and traditional
policy of the State, to introduce into the
politics of that great Commonwealth this alien,
foreign, unnatural element, which down to the
present time the Republican party have told
the people never was to be a part of their pol-
icy. I ask of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts and of this House that before this change
of policy be adopted the whole people of Penn-
sylvania be allowed to pass upon the question.
What answer does the gentleman give to this
request? He has answered, sir, in your hear-
ing, that he cannot allow the offering of an
amendment looking to that end because the
Constitution forbids him. I, standing here,
asking the gentleman from Massachusetts to
do an unconstitutional thing when I beg him
to submit his amendment to a vote of the peo-
ple ! Well, sir, if the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had never done any unconstitutional
thing it would undoubtedly be a very great
sin in me to tempt him into transgression.
But, Mr. Speaker, let me tell the gentleman
from Massachusetts that I asked him to violate
no constitutional provision when I asked him
to submit this amendment to the people of
Pennsylvania. And, sir, within five minutes
alter lie refused to entertain my proposition,
he stood in his place and declared, as the
report in the Globe will show to-morrow, that
this constitutional amendment was to be sub-
mitted to the people of this country. I deny
that.
Its submission to the people, in the fair sense
of the term, is exactly what I demand. The
present Legislature of Pennsylvania was elected
last Octobcr. It was elected while the Repub-
licans were complaining that the Democrats
were slandering them in charging them with
intending to introduce negro suffrage. That
charge was declared to be a defamation upon
the fair fame of the Republican party. And
yet it is to this present Legislature the gentle-
man insists upon submitting the amendment.
A Legislature not only not elected to consider
any such subject, but elected in the midst of
profuse denials that such a subject was to come
before them. Oil this question they do not
represent the people—were never chosen to
represent them. If the gentleman will say
that this Legislature was elected to consider
this or any similar amendment I will give up
the discussion. Nay, I will give him anything
1 have to give if he will hazard that statement.
But he wilt not, and the fact must remain un-
challenged that you are about to call upon a
body of representatives to ratify your amend-
ment who do not represent the people upon
this question. The ratification might just as
well be submitted to any otljer body of men—
it might just as well not be submitted at all.
What 1 propose is, that the amendment shall
be submitted to a Legislature, the most popu-
lar branch of which shall be chosen after this
date, with this question before the eyes of the
people.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
is unconstitutional. Why? Because we can-
not select the Legislature to' which to submit
our amendments. I deny his premises. I say
that the Constitution devolves upon us the duty
of selecting the representative body to which
we shall submit amendments. When I read
the words of the Constitution you will see I am
right. It is as follows :
'' The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments
to this Constitution, or on application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the several States shall call
a convention for proposing amendments, which, in
either case shall be valid to all intents and purposes
as part of this Constitution when ratified by the
Legislatures of three fourths of the several States,
or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the
one or the other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by Congress."
There, sir. is the constitutional devolution
of the duty to exercise our discretion as between
a Legislature and a convention to pass upon
amendments. The duty involves the power.
If we must choose between a Legislature and
a convention, we may choose a Legislature or
a convention elected last year, or to be elected
this year. The Constitution does not shut us
up to Legislatures now in session. We may take
any Legislature that shall fairly and reason-
ably represent the people. And the ground
on which I maintain that our discretion should
be exercised in favor of a future instead of the
existing Legislature is, that the people may
have a chance to choose representatives with
a view to this question. What right had the
gentleman to say that the amendment was to
be submitted to the people? It cannot be sub-
mitted to the people by being submitted to the
present Legislature. Nobody knows that better
than the gentleman from Massachusetts.
When you have matured the form of your
proposition, throw it before the Legislature to
be chosen next fall, and let the people under-
stand that when we Democrats charged you
Republicans with plotting for negro suffrage we
did not slander you, but spoke only the truth.
Put your amendment before representatives
of the people chosen after you have shown your
hands, and if they ratify it I will agree never
to raise my voice again in opposition to negro
suffrage.
Having said thus much in behalf of arf
amendment which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will not let me offer, I improve the
opportunity to add a few more thoughts on the
general subject of negro suffrage. I have
shown the House what has been the fixed po-
sition of Pennsylvania in all time on this sub-
ject. For more than thirty years a'l paities
have acquiesced in the rule of white suffrage.
So far as I remember no public man in Penn-
sylvania has proposed a repeal of the rule.
Even the late Mr. Stevens, whose opinions
were extreme on all subjects, never brought
forward any measure to alter our constitution
in this regard. He would not sign the consti-
tution, as a member of the convention, and no
doubt he would have voted to his dying brealh
to expunge the word "white." So also, had he
been spared, would he have lifted up his elo-
quent voice to persuade the people of Penn-
sylvania to change their fundamental law and
give the ballot to the negro ; but, sir, I per-
suade myself that he would not have been
guilty of the insincerity and duplicity that have
characterized the conduct of the Republican
party on this question. Having denied again
and again that this issue was in last fall's elec-
tion, Mr. Stevens woul 1 have said, with charac-
teristic candor, the representatives then chosen
do not necessarily represent the people 011
this question, let it go to the next representa-
tives they may choose. Not only have all -
white men in Pennsylvania acquiesced for
thirty-two years in the rule of white suffrage,
but so also have the black men. 1 cannot re-
call a single instance in which any representa-'
tives of that class of our citizens have asked
for a change. The colored people of Pennsy I--
vania are a quiet, orderly, and respectable pop-
ulation. They enjoy full protection of all civil
rights. Pennsylvania abolished slavery in 1780
by an act whose preamble is often quoted to
attest her abhorrence of the institution, but
whose substantive provisions show that she
was no more unmindful of the rights of sister
States than she was of the rights of the negro
race. With us the negro is esteemed accord-
ing to his individual merits. If he is indus-
trious, sober, and honest he is respected and
patronized. I have many friends among them,
and cherishing only the kindest feelings for
them, I am incapable of doing anything in my
representative capacity to their prejudice.
But, sir, the ballot will be no boon to them.
The assertion that it is necessary to the protec-
tion of their civil rights is false, and, so far as
Pennsylvania is concerned, is slanderous. The
negro no more needs the ballot in Pennsylvania
for his security than the women do for theirs.
The whole history of that grand old Common-
wealth shows that the weak, the ignorant, the
poor, the dependent have been cared for by her
with a maternal solicitude. Look at her com-
mon-schools, her colleges, her asylums for the
blind, the deaf and dumb, the insane; her hos-
pitals for the sick, her houses of correction for
the erring, her prisons for the guilty, her laws
fsr the' poor, for married women, her system of
intestacy. What can Christianity or civilization
do for the lowly, the poor,and the distressed
that Pennsylvania has not done ? Who dares to
stand up and accuse her of robbing the negro
of his rights? Who has the audacity to assert
that the ballot is essential to the negro's safety
and welfare? Founded by deeds of peace,
Pennsylvania has been just to all men, whether
red or black or white, and he wrongs her
grievously who would undermine her institu-
tions upon the poor and false pretense that
her citizens of African descent are oppressed.
It is not so.
But though this amendment is uncalled for
even by the negroes of Pennsylvania, and is
subversive of our fundamental law, it is sup-
posed it will be a step toward universal suffrage
which gentlemen speak of as a great and benefi-
cent reform. I cannot help thinking, sir, that
such opinions are founded in a misapprehen-
sion of the nature of suffrage. Having on a
former occasion stated my views somewhat at
length on this head, I will not enter again into
the subject, but will content myself with say-
ing that suffrage is not a natural right any more
than any other municipal regulation which ex-
perience has shown to be expedient. It does
not belong to manhood in the sense in which
the rights of life and liberty do; but it is u
poliucul ti 'ist which the majority may bestow
where it will best subserve the general welfare.
It is a conventional as contradistinguished
from a natural right. Its bestowal, limitations,
and exercise are regulated by the law of con-
venience or expediency. The question always
ought to be, will a proposed extension of suf-
frage promote the peace and welfare of the
body-politic? When Louis Napoleon in the
coup d'etat that made him a despot decreed
universality of suffrage, he demonstrated how
this beneficent reform of which we hear so
much could be made the instrument of an in-
exorable tyranny; and the same reformer who
extended the basisof suffrage at Athens brought
in with it the odious ostracism by which the
greatestand best men of the city were banished..
These and many other examples that might be
cited ought to teach us that when suffrage is
hastened or extended by force or fraud, instead
of growing up out of the experience of the
people, it is a curse and not a blessing.
