1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
ia entitled to the floor, and can yield to whom-
ever he pleases.
Mr. BLAINE. I yield two minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
riEijx]
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is not a question
between the East and the West, and I hopeno
gentleman will endeavor to give it that turn.
Jf we are to vote upon the question as one
between the East and the West, we shall never
get at the real merits of the case. If there is
anything to be done in the West, we should do
it because the country wants it. It is all our
country. We may be western men or eastern
men years from now; the reverse of our present
position.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when I had the floor for
a minute or two I showed that •everything
except the improvement of the water-power
was entirely new work which the $500,000
of this appropriation was to cover—all new
works, sir, except the water power. The Secre-
tary of War says that he has out contracts for
old works; that is for the arsenal building.
He says in his report to us, which we had be-
fore us when we acted on this matter in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in reference to tha estimate of $50,000
for tools, machinery, &c.:
This amount is not deemed too groat to furnish the
now shop, for which appropriation has boen made
and which is now in process of erection, with its
appropriate machinery, and it is hoped that the shop
will be roady for occupancy by the time that this
machinery can be constructed, after July 1, 1869.
They have received an appropriation ample,
liberal, last year, and contracts are out for the
work. He only wants now $50,000 for tools
and machinery, and the balance of the $500,000
appropriated for Rock Island is for new works,
except the continuation of the water-power,
and that water-power for public use must be
abandoned ia a few years.
| Ilere ihe hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I nowyieldfor ten minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
not take any part in the debate, Mr. Speaker,
in relation to the appropriation of $500,000 to
complete Rook Island arsenal. There is in
(his bill an amendment in reference to which I
must now say, in the few minutes yielded tome,
my last words before tho vote upon it is taken;
and while members talk about saving one or
two or iivo hundred thousand dollars on other
propositions, my amendment for the reduction
of the Army will save to the Government the
sum of $30,000,000 yearly. This is the best
proposition of economy upon which we shall
soon be called to vote.
First let me call attention to the amendment
in tho way of a substitute offered last evening
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaikb.]
It is a mere delusion. My friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Keli.ky] says ho agrees with the
gentleman from Maine, and wishes we should
place the whole matter of reduction of tho Army
in tho bands of General Grant. On the con-
trary, this bill puts the whole matter by law,
if it is passed, in the hands of the Secretary of
War, whoever he may be. The reason for this
apparent anomaly is that the proposition was
drawn up last year, when Ganeral Grant was
Secretary of War, and this power was put in
his hands apparently to antagonize President
Johnson. Thus the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine especially does not put the
matter of reducing the Army in the hands of
General Grant. Tho trouble with it is that
it provides for consolidation as fast only as
officers are reduced in number. How reduced?
By death or court-martial alone? In no other
way. No consolidation, no reduction. Every-
thing must go on as now. There is not a sin-
gle allowance or a ration saved. There is not
a single extra servant cut off. There is not a
dollar of pay reduced. By it there is nothing
done. It leaves the enormous useless expendi-
ture of the Army as it now stands, a burden
grievous to be borne by the tax-payers of the
nation.
My friend from Pennsylvania, who is a new
recruit in behalf of the regular Army, says that
we must trust General Grant. Yet this prop-
osition does not trust General Grant. General
Grant claims to be for economy in his Admin-
istration, but by this bill he cannot muster out
a single officer or a soldier, or reform a single
abuse, and the only hope we have to get rid
of supernumerary officers is the act of God
Almighty to bring them to an end ; for they will
not resign. You cannot get any officer out of
the Army, General Grant cannot cut down a
dollar ; he cannot stop a dollar of expense
until the officer dies or resigns.
Again, the gentleman from Pennsylvania says
that we want a large Army to keep the peace.
Let me say that it is in vain to provide for sol-
diery if the moral power of his election will not
keep the peace in Texas, or to spread an army
over that wide extent of territory. There is
going to be no organized war to be met by arms
there, but stealthy murder, not in the presence
of soldiers, but behind their backs. Let me
state another thing. One fourth of the soldiers
of the Army of the United States in Texas are
ex-confederate soldiers, and in any controversy
between the United States and former rebels
they cc-ald not be relied upon as against their
former companions in war. Yet it is proposed
by this proposition to keep them in.
It is said that the Army will be reduced by
natural depletion if we stop all appointments
and promotions, and that is proposed to be
done by this bill. But will gentlemen not
remember that we have a school at West Point
that every year turns out a large number of
new officers into the Army. Officers may die,
but we fill their places by law all the time.
How, then, arc you ever going to have the
number of officers depleted ?
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. Do I understand
the gentleman to say that one fourth of the
soldiers in the Federal Army have been
recruited from the confederate army?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I said one fourth in Texas are so recruited. I
know what I said.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. We do not
always hear you on this side.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One other
matter. Gentlemen arise in their places here
and say, "We do not understand this subject
of the Army and I do not know what ought to
be done ; and, therefore, we must take the
opinion of General Grant and leave all this to
him." Let mc say with all respect to gentle-
men that this is a subject that the Constitution
makes it the duty of the Representatives of the
people to legislate upon, and any gentleman
who says he does not understand the subject
on which he is called to pass had better learn
how to do his duties or go home. He has no
business here. It is his duty to understand
the matters he passes upon. We have no busi-
ness to come here if we do not know how to do
the duties which the Constitution devolves
upon us. We are sent here to legislate, not
to take the ipse dixit of any man as to how we
shall do our duty.
Again, we are told that the Senate will not
pass the proposition. That is another reason
given why we should not act- Why, gentle-
men, this is a great measure of economy and
reform. Let the House of Representatives do
its duty, and the people of the United States
will make the Senate of the United States do
its duty if they refuse; or, at any rate, we shall
have the consciousness that we have done our
duty and our whole duty in this regard.
1 want to say a last word on this subject.
You have now this measure of economy and
reform before you. You have in your plat-
forms, Republicans and Democrats fcoth, said
that you are pledged to economy. Here i s a case
of economy. Here is a saving of $30,000,000
of taxes. Here is a case when your public
debt is increasing $10,000,000 a month where
you can save a quarter of it; and the question
is, Will you spend your time in picking out
some poor man who has a just claim of $1,000,
to refuse to pay that and call it economy, or
in overthrowing some little appropriation, stop-
ping some little public work that will cost a
few thousand dollars, and give this great ques-
tion of economy and reform the go-by ? 1 will
only add that if you keep this bill as it is it will
go to the Senate, the Senate will amend it as
it pleases, then we will concur or non-concur
as we please; then a committee of conference
will have jurisdiction over the whole subject
of reform in the pay and abuses of the Army,
and we may get something done. Any other
vote means that we shall do nothing. The
whole country ought to know whether we mean
economy or merely to—
" Keep the word of promise to the ear
And break it to the hope."
Mr. BLAINE. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois five minutes.
Mr, LOGAN. The question is, I believe,
on the motion to strike out $1,000,000 for the
bridge, arsenal, and armory at Rock Island.
We discussed this amendment very fully the
other day, and the Committee of the Whole
voted an appropriation of $50,000 for the pur-
pose of completing the arsenal at Rock Island.
Now, I hope I am not asking anything unreas-
onable when I ask that we shall appropriate
such an amount of money as will carry out in
good faith a contract, at least an implied con-
tract on the part of the Government of the
United States with a portion of the people.
It is not an extravagant expenditure for such
a work. '
An argument was made the other day to
which I replied in reference to the character
of the buildings that are to be erected there.
But I am told by members of the Committee
on Appropriations that so far from appropri-
ating any of this money for the purpose of
erectingthese stone buildings that were objected
to by the committee the other day, that appro-
priation was stricken out, so that there is not
one dollar of this appropriation for that spe-
cific purpose, as asked for by the superintend-
ent of the armory.
Now, as has been well said by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] with reference to
this armory, it is a great work. It is not
alone a western work, but it is such a work as
is necessary for the wholepeople of the United
States. It is for the purpose of making arms
and preserving them. It is proposed to nsake
this arsenal at Rock Island one of the great
armories of the country, so that this and the
Springfield armory will be the two great armo-
ries of the United States. You have already
expended a large amonnt of money for that
purpose, and I ask if there is any reason, if
there is any good judgment or statesmanship
in Congress now refusing to appropriate money
for the purpose of carrying on and completing
the work that has already been commenced ?
I say to you, and I say it candidly, that this
is a large work. It is a beautiful work. A
great deal of money has been expended upon
it. Some money may have been expended
extravagantly—I do not say that it has—but
that is no reason why all the rest should be so
expended.
Now, in reference to this bridge, you, as
members of Congress, agreed by a law with a
certain railroad company that you would ap-
propriate enough money to build one half of
a bridge across the Mississippi river provided
they would transfer the railroad to that bridge
and destroy the bridge that is now an obstruc-
tion to the navigation of the Mississippi river.
Now, it is not the people Illinois alone who
are interested in the building of this bridge.
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa_, all the States on
the line of the Mississippi river north of this
bridge at Rock Island, and in fact south of it,
are interested in the building of this bridge.
You agreed to do it. You passed a law say-
ing that -you would do it; and now when you
are asked to appropriate money to carry out
in good faith a contract that you made by a
statute on your statute-book, you refuse to do
it on the ground of economy. There is a law
upon your statute-book that requires it to be
done, and yet you refuse to doit, and say there
is no necessity for it.
