r
1. 1869.]
40th Cong....3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CO^G-BESSIOK"AL GLOBE.
207
Executive and Judicial Power—Mr.-Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
Our written constitutions are the outcrop-
pings of our national life. Until lately they were
formed, not on the wild dreams of theorists,
but to record the conclusions of experience.
What the common mass have found to be good
for themselves they have secured in iheir con-
stitutions, State and Federal. Suffrage has been
left to each State to bestow or withhold accord-
ing to its discretion. Nowhere has it been
extended to women or minors or unnaturalized
foreigners. _ Why? If a natural right, a God-
given inheritance to manhood, as it is some-
times called, why should it be withheld from
these classes? It is withheld from them on the
same reason it is in Pennsylvania withheld
from negroes—expediency. Human experience
has proved that the trust could be best executed
by excluding these classes, and, as in all other
trusts, the selection of a trustee on ground of
expediency is no affront to those who are
not selected. Everybody except those strong-
minded women who, not just representatives of
their sex and " most ignorant of what they are
most assured," clamor for " women's rights,"
would probably agree that it would be a deg-
radation to the f.-male sex to involve them in
the responsibilities of the ballot. Universal
experience attests that they are not suitable
trustees; and, therefore by an almost universal
consent, they are set aside. The reasons for
setting aside the negro are stronger and better
than those which apply to females. Between
him and the white man there is an ineradicable
distinction that must forever prevent that free,
social intercourse on which alone popular suf-
frage can be based.
This distinction, if it be not inflamed into
hostility by bad legislation, does not prevent
ihe two races from dwelling together harmo-
niously in the same community, assisting each
olher in the labors and the charities of life,
and contributing to their mutual welfare. But
when you attempt to force them into social and
political equality you inflame the passions of
both parties and destroy the harmony of their
relations. Oat of these conflicts the weaker
must inevitably come most damaged. It is
impossible to provoke si conflict between the
African and the Anglo Saxon races in which
finally the African will not be worsted. For a
while you can force a sort of equality upon
him by a'standing army and the Freedmen's
Bureau; you can oppress your own fellow-
countiymen in the hope that the African will
keep you at the public crib, but as surely as
God has made intellect superior to matter and
the white man to the black, the country in
which they dwell together must be governed by
white men. They will not, they cannot main-
tain a peaceful partnership in this matter.
Call it prejudice or what you will, philosophize
and moralize upon it as you may, the fact, re-
mains that one is black and the other is white,
and therefore they cannot cooperate in exer-
cising political trusts. I do not say that one
may enslave the other—the superior may be
compelled to respect the civil rights of the in-
ferior race—but they cannot long be co-trustees
of suffrage without riots and bloodshedding.
If the time ever comes that the political desti-
nies of this country, even for one presidential
term, are controlled by negroes, it will be the
darkest day that ever dawned upon that un-
fortunate race. May God in his mercy to
them and us avert that day!
Now, sir, it is from considerations of expe-
diency that i oppose negro suffrage. It is the
good of the negro as well as of the white man
that prompts my opposition. It is my desire
that they may live together in peace and hap-
piness, as always heretofore in Pennsylvania,
that leads me to deprecate this amendment..
And especially have we in Pennsylvania a right ;
to complain when, in violation of all prece-
dent, of all constitutional law, of your own
party platform, and of the peace of our Com-
monwealth, you repeal our constitution with-
out giving us a right to vote against, your
amendment. If such a high-handed wrong
does not wake up the people of "Pennsylvania
to the revolutionary schemes of the Republican
party ; if they can be beguiled by fair speeches
into the support of such a measure as this; if they
are ready to have the negro thrust into polit-
ical partnership in contempt of their solemnly
recorded will, why then, sir, a sad and sicken-
ing degeneracy has come upon my native State,
and, for the first time in life, I shall blush to
own myself her son. Africa never so demeaned
herself. The hardy savages of the mountain
slopes in the interior of that continent never
debased themselves to the level of the Bush-
men and Hottentots of the Cape of Good Hope.
No, no, sir, they could be torn from Idndred
and homes by the cruel slave trader and borne
away to distant lauds to be slaves, but they
never wouid, and never did, voluntarily sur-
render to an inferior tribe of their own race
much less to an inferior race. And have we,
proud Americans, so lost our ancestral tradi-
tions that we can no longer be inspired even
by African example ?
We have seen in history the proud Boman
refusing citizenship to the most illustrious
aliens ; we have seen the Goth and Hun and
Vandal trample Roman grandeur into dust; we
have glowed over the struggles between the
Norman and the Saxon, the Cavalier and the
Roundhead, the Briton and the Scot, all of
them jealous of their nationalities and ready to
shed their blood in defense of what they had
inherited from their ancestors. But now, in
this nineteenth century, we are to be held up
as the first example in the world's history of a
great people surrendering political trusts to one
of the lowest and feeblest races of the world's
population. The Anglo-Saxon of American
descent giving up the inheritance which has
made him great to the African! Not to the
African in the wild freedom of his native
jungles, but to the enfeebled, timid, ignorant
descendant of a race of slaves! And these are
to be made voters and law-givers, to be our
judges and representatives. Is there any pro-
founder depth of self-degradation than this?
If there be I have not courage to explore it.
Tile Executive and Judicial Power of the
Nation Sias Increased, is Increasing, and
mast toe Diminished.
SPHECH OF HON. J. M. ASHLEY,
OF OHIO,
Ix the House of Representatives,
February 13, 18G9.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, said:
Mr. Chairman* : At the last session I pro-
posed au amendment to the national Constitu-
tion which provided for the abolition of the
office of Vice President, and for the nomina-
tion and election of the President without the
intervention of caucuses, conventions, or pres-
idential electors. In addition to this there
was a clause which provided that the election
of a President should never devolve, as now,
on the House of Representatives.
When submitting that proposition I intended
to do no more thau suggest the practicability
of abolishing the office of Vice President and
to call the attention of the thoughtful men of
the nation to the admitted defect in our pres-
ent system of electing the President. I did
not expect to secure, either at that session or
this, the favorable action of Congress on that
proposition: nor do 1 now expect to secure
favorable action on the propositions lam about
to present. I know how reluctantly the mass
of mankind consent to reforms or changes of
any kind, especially in matters of government.
I know how accustomed they are to run in
grooves and how averse they are to agitators
and to al! ideas which disturb them or jog them
out of their old and familiar paths; nor am I
unmindful of the fact that it would probably
require years of persistent labor to bring the
.people to approve the changes in their organic
law which 1 propose. John Stuart Mill, in
speaking of governmental reform, says that
"there is a natural prejudice against every'
thing which professes much ; that its perfection
stands in its way and is the great obstacle to
its success.'5 Admitting the full force of this
statement, and realizing how thankless is the
self-imposed task which i am about to under-
take, i nevertheless feel it to be my duty, be-
fore the expiration of my term of scrvicc, to
offer for the consideration of the people, and
especially for the consideration of those who
are soon to be charged with the administration
of the Government, the propositions which f
now make for amending the national Constitu-
tion. The Clerk will please read.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I would like
to ask the gentleman from Ohio why he offers
these propositions now ; if, as he says, he has
no hope of their passage during this Congress.
Mr. ASHLEY, ofOhio. The gentleman fioin
Indiana [Mr. Williams] asks me why I intro-
duce these propositions now if I have no hope
of their passage. After the amendments a.e
read, and before submitting the observations
which I propose to make, I will answer him.
Lot the amendment providing for the modifica-
tion of the veto power be read first.
the veto power.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out clauses two and three in section seven
of the Constitution and insert the following:
Every bill which shall have passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it be-
comes a law, he presented to the President of the
United States; if he approve, he fhall sign it, but if
not, he shall return it with his objections to the House
in which it originated, wbosball enter the objections
at large on their Journal and proceed to reconsider
it. If after such reconsideration a majority of all
the members elected and qualified in that House
shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent, tosetiier
with the President's objections, to the otlun Hon e. by
which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if ap-
proved by a majority of all the meuibeis elected and
quahtied m that House itshail become a law. But
in all cases the votes ot botli Houses shall he determ-
ined by the yeas and nays, and the name of the
person voting for and against the bill shall be entered
on the Journal in each House respectively. Jf any
bill shall not bo returned by the Pi esident within ton
days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been
presented to him tbe same shall be a law m like man-
ner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by
adjournment preventity return, in which caseitshall
not be a law. Every older, resolution, or vote to
which the concurrence ot the Senate and House ot
Representatives may be necessaiy (except on a ques-
tion of adjournment) shall be presented to the Pie-si -
dent of the United States, and before the same shall
take effect shall be approved by him, or beingdisap-
proved by him shall be repassed by the Senate and
Iiouf-eot Representatives according to the rulco and
limitations prescribed m the case ot a bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I also offer the
following as anew article, which the Clerk will
please read.
The Clerk read as follows :
To Provide for the Appointment of Cabinet Ojjica v.
Article-—. There shall be an executive council
to aid the President of the United States in admin-
istering the Government; theyshall keep a record of
each meeting and of all oth-ial transactions, which
record shall at all times be subject to examination
by a joint committee of the two Houses of Congress,
The executive council shall consist of a Secrctarv
of State, a Secretary of the Treasury, a Secretary of
War and Navy, a Secretary of the Interior, an At-
torney General, and a Postmaster General; theyshall
hold their offices for six years, and be elected as fol-
lows: the Senators and Representatives shall meet
annually on the second Monday in December (unlc.*--
Congress by law appoint a different day) in the I-Jail
of the House of Representatives, in joint convention,
and procecd to elect, under such rules and regula-
tions as the Congress may by law prescribe, the mem-
bers of the executive council hereinbefore named,
each Senator and Representative having one vot-,
and a majoiity of all the votes given shall be ne;:o—
sary to the choice of a member of the executiw
council; theyshall be clected separately, nnd ibo
term of oiiice for each shall commence ou the 4th ■! <y
of March next succeeding their election. Imme-
diately after their first election the members of s,ud
executive council shall a^emble and det^rmin*' b/
lot which of their number shall go out of otlic-1 at
the expiration of each year, so that one member of
the executive council shall thereafter be clewed
annually. Congress shall provido by law for any
v&cancv which may occur in the executive council
between the periods ot each annual clectio.i.andshaU
