208
ABmiiW'fM C(MG-RE&SIONAL GrLOBE.
[February 13, :
Ho, of Reps.
jMec&ive and judicial, Powers—Mr. Ashley.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
at the time appointed for their regular joint meet;
iag elect a person for the unexpired term caused fey
such vacancy. All questions arising during the ses-.
sions of the joint convention, shall, on the demand
of one fifth of the Senators and Representatives pres-
ent, be determined byyeas and nays; and the names
of the persons votingfor and against any proposition
shall be entored on a journal to be keptfor thatpor-
pose, and the Clerk of the House of Representatives
shall be the clerk ofsilch join t convention, Any mem-
ber of the executive council may be removed from
office by a concurrent vote of the Senate and House of
Representatives, separately given. Each member of
the executive council, with the'approval of a major-
ity of said council, including the President, shall, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
point all officers for his Department which by law
may require the confirmation of the Senate. The
persons thus appointed and confirmed and all other
officers or agents in any Department may be removed
in such manner as Congress shall by law provide.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will say to my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Williams] that I
offer these amendments as I have heretofore
offered other propositions which at the time of
offering them I did not hope to see pass. I
have sometimes offered propositions for which
I had no intention of voting, in order to pro-
voke a discussion of the question presented.
For this I have been roundly abused by many,
while others have called nie the "suggesting
member." I offer the propositions which I
now submit and advocate them because con-
vinced of their necessity. As the most dis-
graceful executive Administration which has
ever cursed the country is about to die and pass
into history, I believe it an opportune moment
in which to present and discuss such proposi-
tions as I now submit, so that the people may
beapprised of the danger which threatens them
in the future.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. But you can-
not get a vote on them now.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I know that. Only
a moment ago I said that I did not offer them
with any hope of seeing them passed by this
Congress. That does not deter me, however,
from presenting and discussing them. I know
that many men would not present them unless
assured of their favorable reception by their
party. I care nothing about that. Duringmy
term of service here I have been more con-
cerned to be right than to have personal suc-
cess or to have the credit of securing the pas-
sage of any particular measure. This is well
known to my associates here, and especially to
gentlemen who for the past ten years have been
connected with the public press. I have been
more anxious that the work in which I was
engaged should be done and well done than
I have been about what would happen polit-
ically to myself. I have always acted on the
theory that politically he who would save his
own life should lose it. If in our reconstruc-
tion measures the Republican party as a body
had acted upon this theory, and gone to the root
of the matter and made our Constitution con-
form to our new condition as a nation, instead
of enacting laws and submitting constitutional
amendments which were bat patch-work, we
should not now be environed with the difficul-
ties_which surround us. I submit these prop-
ositions because I believe they involve practical
questions of the highest importance, and be-
cause I believe that to statesmen no question
affecting the welfare of the nation or the rights
of its citizens can be of secondary importance.
Mr. Chairman, I am a firm believer in the
necessity of the propositions which I make for
the abolition of the kingly prerogatives of the
President and for a modification of the veto
power, for selecting each of the officers for the
Executive Departments by a joint vote of the
two Houses of Congress, and providing the
manner of appointing and the manner in which
all appointees should be removed from office ;
for limiting the term of service of judges of the
Supreme Court, as also their jurisdiction ; for
making them after their appointment ineligible
to any office under the national Government,
except, perhaps, foreign embassadorships, and
for retiring them at the end of their term of
service on such pay as Congress may deem to
be* just and proper. No less important, it seems
to me, is the question of appointing United
States Senators bya direct vote of the qualified
electors of each State by ballot, instead of elect-
ing' them as now by the Legislatures of the
several States; and last, though not least, the
necessity of securing to the minority an equit-
able voice' in the administration of the Govern-
ment. To these several propositions ! invite
the considerate attention of all who recognize
the fact that the whole power of the Govern-
ment is gradually but surely passing into the
hands of the President and the Supreme Court.
Mr. Chairman, it is claimed by the advocates
of the veto power that under our form of gov-
ernment the. Executive represents the whole
people, and is the person in whose hands the
requisite power ought to be lodged to protect
the interests and rights of minorities and to
check hasty and inconsiderate legislation. To
this I answer that hasty and inconsiderate
legislation may be Ghecked and a careful re-
consideration had of every bill which Congress
may pass by the return of such bill by the
President with his objections', and its recon-
sideration and passage by a majority of all the
Senators and Representatives elected and quali-
fied, as I propose in the amendment which I
have submitted.
It is a fallacy to suppose that the minority
can have any security from the use of the
executive veto. The only way in which such
protection could be" obtained for them would
be for the majority in the two Houses of Con-
gress to concede to the minority the Presi-
dent, a proposition which the majority would
not entertain for a moment. All know that,
as a rule, the party strong enough to elect its
President will be strong enough to elect a
majority of Representatives of the same polit-
ical faith, so that there must always be added
to the numerical strength of the representative
majority the cooperative will of a President of
their own'selection, armed with the veto power,
and the additional power which under our
system is secured to the President by the use
ol' the entire patronage of the Government,
which, as all know, amounts to many hundred
millions.
If we can modify the executive veto and ob-
tain an equitable representation in Congress for
the minority, the future of representative gov-
ernment in this country will be secured ; with-
out it we cannot have such a negative on the
acts of the majority as will afford proper secur-
ity to the rights of minorities, and the legis
lative will of partisan majorities will by degrees
be concentrated in the hauds of the Executive.
The experience of the past quarter of a cen-
tury demonstrates the fact that the whole power
of the national Government is gradually but
surely passing under the complete control of
our Presidents. The struggle of the great
political parties for place and power strength-
ens his authority, and makes his will during
his term of office the only law known to part-
isan Representatives in Congress. Against
this violation of the representative principle
and this daugerous innovation by our Execu-
tives of the fundamental theory upon which
our Government was founded I am utterly op-
posed. All will admit that the veto power
conferred upon the Executive by the present
Constitution is a power at war with the demo-
cratic idea. There are but few men who have
given the subject any consideration who will
not concede that it is a dangerous power to
lodge in the hands of any man, and that it is
a power with which no man however able or
reputable should be intrusted in a Republic.
This power in the hands of any man who is
not, absolutely infamous or an imbecile enables
him, with the use of executive patronage, to
defeat the will of the nation so long as he re-
mains in the presidential office. No man has
ever discharged the duties of the executive
office, nor is it probable that any man ever
will, who is so far above the Representatives
of the people either in wisdom or patriotism
as to justify the lodgment of such vast power
in his hands.
I am willing, if after discussion it be thouglifc
best, to have some check against hasty and
inconsideraie legislation, that the President
shall have a modified negative such as I pro-
pose, so that the Representatives of the p<;o-~
pie may avail themselves of any suggestions
which a citizen so distinguished as our Pres-
idents ought to be might make t6 Congress
when returning a bill for their reconsideration.
I am unwilling, however, to intrust any men
with jjower sufficient to overrule the deliber-
ately formed opinions of a majority 6f all the
men who have been elected and qualified as
Senators and Representatives in the Congress
of the United States. The veto power as now
conferred by the Constitution makes the will of
the President equivalent to thatof twelveSena-
tors, where then are seventy-eight members of
that body, and equivalent to thirty-eight mem-
bers of this House, v. hen composed ot two hun-
dred and thirty-three members. Thus one man,
often a very ordinary man, is made by this anti-
democratic provision of our Constitution the
equal in legisla ive power, and the theory is
that he is equal in wisdom, to fifty Senators and
Representatives when the two Houses together
have three hundred and eleven members. For
instance,when the States are all represented in
the Senate, there are seventy-eight Senators ;
of this number forty are a majority. If the
President veto a bill it requires two thirds of
the Senate to repass it, which, in a full Senate
with seventy-eight members, requires fifty-two
votes. From this it will be seen that the veto
power makes the President equal in legislative
power to twelve Senators. In the House, with
two hundred and thirty-three members present,
it requires one hundred and seventeen votes to
pass a bill. If the President veto it, it requires
one hundred and fifty-six votes to pass it over
the veto, which makes the veto power of the
President equal to thirty-eight members of the
Mouse of Representatives and equivalent to
fifty Senators and Representatives, when both
Houses number three hundred and eleven
members. Add to this monarchical preroga-
tive the overshadowing authority which the
appointing power always confers on an exec-
utive or king, and you have at the bead of the
Government a man whose will is practically
the law of the land so long as he is able to
maintain himself in the presidential office.
The framers of the Constitution intended that
there should be three departments in this Gov-
ernment, the legislative, executive,and judicial,
and that these departments should be separate
and distinct. That was their theory. They
held, as I hold, that no free Government can
long endure which violates this fundamental
theory. If this theory be a correct one, then
the Executive of this nation ought not to be
clothed with any part of the law-making power.
It was intended that our laws should be the
embodied will of the nation, as authoritatively
expressed by Congress. To execute these laws
was to be the duty of the Executive, and I
hold that this ought to be his chief duty. To
clothe the Executive with the veto power is to
make him partof the law-making power, which
is a violation of the theory upon which the
Government was organized. I shall never
cease my war upon this kingly prerogative. I
believe it to be utterly indefensible in a demo-
cratic republic. Secure the minority an equal
personal representation in the national Con-
gress, as I propose, and there can be no neces-
sity for the veto and no pretext for maintaining
so despotic and dangerous a power in the hauds
of any man.
Examine the yea and nay vote of this House
for ten years and you will find that when a
majority of all propositions were voted upon
about one fifth of the members were absent.
If one fifth of the members of both Houses are
absent when propositions are voted upon, as
