1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole, to
strike out the following proviso :
Provided, That one-half of this amount shall be
applied to tho construction of the bridge connect-
ing Rock Island with the cities of Rock Island and
Davenport.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRICE, , I move to reconsider the two
votes last taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion -was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Before the Clerk reports
the last amendment, reserved for a separate
vote, the Chair will state that last evening the
Committee of the Whole agreed to an amend-
ment to be added at the end of the "bill, com-
bining the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Dodge] and the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The two propositions are reported from the
Committee of the Whole as one amendment.
After the bill had been reported to the House
last evening the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Blaine] moved a substitute for that amend-
ment. '-flie Clerk will first read the amendment
reported from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BOYER. I again ask for leave to offer
my amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
The question next recurred on Mr. Blaine's
substitute for the amendment of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
being the propositions agreed to 011 motion of
Mr. Dodge, and Mr. Butler of Massachusetts.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
as follows:
That after March 4,1869, the President of tho Uni-
ted States is authorized to mako tho following reduc-
tion and consolidation in the Army, as the benefit
of the service may require:
Tho consolidation of the regiments of infantry to
thirty.
The consolidation of tho artillery corps and ord-
nanco department.
Tho consolidation of the quartermasters', subsist-
onco, and pay departments, and such reduction in
the other staff departments as the reduced strength
of tho Army may rcq*uiro.
JSfo appointments shall be mado in any grade until
tho number of surplus officers in thatgrado isrcduced
tb tho number of offioora required by the consolida-
tion and reduction heroin authorized; and any offi-
cer who may resign his commission in tho Army prior
to tho 1st day ot January, 1870, shall bo ontitled to
receive six months additional pay proper.
SEC. —. And bo. it further enacted, That tho office
of General of the Army tball continue until the 4th
of March, 1809, and 110 longer.
StCO. —. And be it further enacted, That tho office
of Lieutenant Gonoral of tho Army shall continue
until a vacancy shall occur in tho same, and no
longor: and on tho occurrence of such vacancy, all
laws and parts of laws creating such oflico are re-
pealed.
Sue. —- Andbc it further enacted. That commissions
by brovct shall bo conferred only for distinguished
and morttorious conduct and important Rervieo in
the prosonce of tho enemy, and within ono year after
the samo aro rendored, and shall bear date from tho
particular action or servico for which the officer was
breveted, and all brovet rank shall be honorary only,
giving neither preeedonco in rartk or pay.
Skc. —. And be it further enacted. That aftor tho
1st day of July, 1850. thero shall bo only throe major
generals; and the President shall, withm ten days
preceding said date, select, without regard to senior-
ity, tho thrc%fciajor generals to remain in commis-
sion; and tho'others shall be mustered out of the
service of the United States on said date.
SEC. —. And he it further enacted> That after the
1st day of July, 1869, thero shall be only six briga-
diergenerals.mcludingthechief of staff of tho Army,
who is hereby retained in office; and tho President
shall, within ten days preceding said date, select,
without regard to seniority, the six brigadier gen-
erals to remain in commission, and the others shall
bo mustered out of the service of the United States
on said date.
Sec. —% And be it further enacted, That the offices
of Adjutant General, Quartermaster General. Com-
missary General of Subsistence, chief of ordnance,
chief of engineers, Paymaster Genoral, Supgcon Gen-
eral, Judge Advocate General, shall be filled by the
appointment or assignment of an officer who shall
have tho rank and pay of a colonel.
Skc.. And be it further enacted. That the present
incumbents may continue in the offices mentioned in
the foregoing sections at the rank and pay above
mentioned; and upon the passage of this not alloffi-
cers of the staff departments or corps of tho Army
Shall have tne rank, pay, and grade of infantry offi-
cers next below that hsed for such officers by the act
ontitled Ao aettomcreaseandfixthemilitarypeace
establishment of the United States," approved July
2$, 18Ci, except when actually serving in the fiold in
war, when the pay shall bo that of amounted officer.
That the whole number of officers serving in the
above-named staff departments and corps shall be
reduced one half, in each"grade, the officers retained
to be selected by the President as hereinafter pro-
vided ; and those not selected to be retained shall be
mustered out on the 1st day of July next.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the pay of
the officers of the Army shall be as follows: the pay
of Lieutenant General shall be $12,000 ayear; the
pay of major general shall be $7,500; the pay of
brigadier general shall be $5,000; the pay of colonel
shall be $3,500; the pay of lieutenant colonel shall
be $2,750; the pay Qf major shall be $2,500; tho pay
of captain, mounted, shall be $2,00©; the pay of cap-
tain, not mounted, shall be $1,800; the pay of adju-
tant shall be $1,800; the-pay o£ regimental quarter-
master shall be $1,800; the pay of first lieutenant,
mounted, shall be $1,600; the pay offir-st lieutenant,
not mounted, shall be $1,500; the pay of second lieu-
tenant, mounted, shall bo $1,500; tho pay of second
lieutenant, not mounted, shall be $1,400; the pay of
chaplain shall be $1,200: the pay of aide-de-camp
to major general shallbe$200per annum in additiou
to pay of his rank; the pay of aide-de-camp tobrig-
adior general shall be $150 per annum in addition to
pay of his rank; the pay of acting assistant commis-
sary shall be $100 in addition to pay of his rank; and
these sums shall be in full of a l commutation of
quarters, fuel,forage, servants' wages, and clothing-,
longevity rations, and all allowances of every namo
and nature whatever, and shall be paid monthly by
thepaymaster: Provided, Thatwhcnanyoffieershall
travel underorders, andshall notbefurnished trans-
portation by the quartermaster's department, or on
aconveyance belonging to or chartered by tbeUnited
States, heshall bo allowed ten cents per mile, and no
more, for each mile actually by him traveled under
such order, distances to be calculated according to the
nearest post routes; and no payment shall be made
to any ofBcor except by a paymaster of the Army.
Officers retired from active servioe not on account of
disability from wounds received in battle shall re-
ceivo forty percent, of the pay given by this act to the
highest regimontal or staff rank held by such officer
at tho time of retirement. Officers retired from ac-
tive service from disability from wounds received in
battlo shall reccivo scvonty-five per cent, of the pay
givon by this act to tho highest regimental or staff
rank held by such officer at the time such wounds
were received. Retired officers assigned to duty by
the President according to their rank shall receive
while so assigned and employed full pay of thograde
upon which ihcy have been retired; but no retirod
officcrshall bo assigned to any duty other than court-
martial while any offieor not 00 retired is unassigned
to duty according to his rank.
Skc. —And be it further enacted. That hereafter the
lino of tho Army shall consist of twenty-four regi-
ments ot infantry, three regiments of which shall be
of tho Veteran Reserve corps and four of colored
troops; six regiments of cavalry, two of which shall
bo colored troops- and three regiments of artillery;
said regiments to havothe same organization as now
provided by law.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That tho Secre-
tary ofWar shall forthwith proceed to consolidate the
rogiments now in servico in accordance with tho pro-
visions of this act. lie shall prepare lists of allregi-
niontal andstaffofficersot each grade now in service,
keeping tho thre® armsof tho service distinct aswell
as tho several staff corps; and tho President shall
select therefrom, in proportion to thenumbers in tho
several grades, tho number roquired to fill saidregi-
monts from each arm, selecting for tho command of
colorcd troops only officers who served in the war in
command of such troops, in tho manner following,
that is to say: ho shall cause to assemble at a coun-
cil of officers, composed of three general officers, ono
of whom shall beamajor general and oneofwhom
shall have entered the Army during the late war
from civil life, three officers of infantry, twoof whom
shall havo entered the Army during tho war from
civil lifo and one of whom shall havo been an officer
of colored troops; two officers of cavalry, ono of
whom shall havo entered tho Army during tho war
from civil life; two officers of the medical depart-
ment; ono officer of tho Adjutant General's depart-
ment; ono officer of tho engineer department; ©no
oflicer of tho ordnance department; 000 officer of
tho quartermaster's department; one officer of tho
subsistence department, and one officer of the pay
department, who shall have ent.orcd the Army dur-
ing tho war from civil life; all of whom shall bo
selected for high character, intelligence, discretion,
justice, patriotism, professional ability, and services
during tho war, and who being thus selected shall
be retained in thoscrvice; and it shall be the duty
of the council to inquire into and consider the
capacity, charactor, record of services, and fitness to
be continued in tho military service of every offi-
cer below tho grade of general who may be in the
Army at the time of the passage of this net And the
council shall for this purpose be furnished with all in-
formation, papess, documents, records, and evidence
they may require from the War Department; and the
council shall furnish a report of tnoir conclusions to
tho Secretary of War, with their reasons therefor,
and shall keep a record of their votes in tho case of
each officer, cxcept that the namo of the officer vot-
ingnecd not be recorded. When thoreportof araa-
jority of two thirds of the council is iu favor of any
officer ho shall thereupon bo reported and be placed
upon the list from which selections are to be made
by the President of officers to be retained in the ser-
vice; but in ease of anyofficernotsoreportedbythe
council, then ho shall be summoned before the coun-
cil, by order, for examination into his moral,mental,
,,and physical qualifications, and shall be allowed full
and reasonable opportunity for explanation and de-
fense, and may produce testimony to meet any objec-
tion orcharges, if any there bo, of which he shall bo
informed, all of which shall be submitted in writing,
and the testimony taken under oath ; and the board,
at its discretion,may summon any witness who shall
have given such testimony for further examination,
and the case shall then he again examined and re-
ported upon by the board; but when it shall appear
to the council on examination of any officer that ho
has not been employed on active duty in the field
during any part of the late war, it shall be the duty
of the council to in quire specially into the reason for
sueh officer not being so employed; and any officer
whose absence from active field service during the
war shall be found by a majority of the council to
have been on account of the wi&h or application of
such officer to be assigned to duty elsewhere than
at the front, from any cause whatever, he shall not
be reported to be put upon the list from which offi-
cers to serve in the Army shall be selected. And from
the list so reported the President shall select the
regfcnental and company officers in the regiments
hereby authorized, giving to^ those officers who en-
tered the Army from civil life during the war and
were promoted or appointed for gallantry and good
conduct an equal number with those who had served
in the Army beforo the war, so that said officers may
be selected from those who have performed active
and meritorious services in the field in the war of
tho rebellion in preference to others; and the officers
of tho staff, corps, or department shall be likewise
selected from said list, but without regard to service
in the field.
S£C.—. Andbeit further enacted, That all thebands
now in theservice organizedundertheprovisionsof
section seven of an act entitled "An act to increase
and fix the military peace establishment of the Uni-
ted States," approved July 28, 1866, except the band
at the Military Academy, shall be honorably dis-
charged without delay, and shall receive full pay and
allowanoo to the date of such discharge.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, ThatthePresident
is hereby authorized and directed, so soon as the
necessities of the servico will allow, to order the
muster-out of enlisted men until tho total number,
tho proper proportions of the different arms of the
servico being preserved, shall be reduced to twenty-
five thousand; and until such reduction is reaehed no
farther enlistments shall be mado; and thereafter
there shall be no more than twenty-five thousand
enlisted men at anyone time without specialauthor-
ity of Congress: Provided, That all men enlisted for
any special corps other than above mentioned, such
as ordnance or engineer soldiers, shall bo disbanded,
and, at the election of enlisted men, be reciuitea
into the line ofthe Army.
SfiC. —, And be it further enacted, That the organ-
ization of the Bureau of Military Justice shall here-
aftereonsist of ono Judge Advocate General, with tho
rank and pay of acolonel; ono assistant judge advo-
cate general, with tho rank and pay of a lieutenant
colonel; four assistant judge advocates general, with
tho rank and pay of a major; and all promotions and
appointments hereafter mado in said bureau shall
be in accordance with the provisions of this section.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the office
of military storekeeper is herebv abolished. The
place may be filled by a retired officer of the Army,
Skc. —. And be it further enacted. That tho medical
staff of tho Army shall not be increased by surgeons,
hired by contract or otherwise, so that the wholo
number of medical officeis sha.ll not be beyond one
for every ono hundred and fifty men.
Sec.—■ And bcit further enacted. That this act shall
take effect on tho 4th day of March. 1869; and all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this oat in any manner whatever aro hereby
repealed.
The SPEAKER stated that the first ques-
tion was on the following substitute moved by
Mr. Blaine in the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
SliC.—. And be it further enacted. That until tho
military foice is reduced to twenty regiments of in-
fantiy, five regiments of cavalry, and five regiments
of artillery, no new commission shall beissuedin any
regiment; and the Secretary of War isher^by directed
to consolidate regiments as rapidly as the require-
ments of the public service and the reduction in the
number of officers will permit, until the before-named
minimum is reached.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That until other-
wise directed bylaw there shall be no new appoint-
ments and no promotions in tho adjutant general's
department, in the inspector general's department,
in the pay department, iu the quartermaster's de-
partment, in tho commissary department, in the
ordnance department, in the engineer department,
and in iho medical department.
Mr. CHANLER demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 65, not
-voting 4G ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Archer, DelosR.
Ashley. Baldwin, Banks, Bcaman, Bingham, Black-
burn, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, B©wen, Boyer, Brem-
well, Buckland, Buckley, Cake, Callis, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cornell,
Cullom, Dawes, Dickey, Bodge, Donnelly, Priggs,
Bckley, Edwards,Eggleston,Thomas D. Eliot, James
T. Elliott, Farnsworth, iFernss. Ferry, Fields,
field. Griswold, Halsey," Hawkins, Heaton, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, fngersoll, Jomskes, Alex-
