1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1385
anderll. Jones, Judd,Kelley, Kellogg.Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketcham. Koontz.Laflin, George Y.Lawrence, Loan,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, Newaham. O'Neill, Orth,
Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, liaum, Robertson, Boots,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Stone, Stover, Taylor, Tift, John
Trimble. Trowbridge, Twichell, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Henry D. Washburn, "William B.Washburn,
Welter, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Young—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Ax tell, Baker, .Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Benton, Broomall, Burr, Benjamin I:1. Butler,
Chanler, Clift, Coburn, Corley, Deweese. Doekery,
Ela, Eldridge, Fox, French, Getz, Golladay, Goss.
Gravely, Grover, Haight, Hamilton, Higby, Holman,
Hotehkiss, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kitchen, Knott, LaBh, William Law-
rence, Logan, Marshall, Maynard, McCo*mick, Mc-
Kee, Mangen, Niblack, Paine, Phelps, Pike. Prince,
Randall, Ross. Scofield, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Steven?,
Stokes, Taber. TJpson, Van Aernam, Van Wyck,
Whittemore, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
Windom, and Woodward—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell. James M.
Ashley, Bailey, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Boles, Boy-
den, Brooks, Roderick It. Butler, Cary, Cook, Co-
vode, Delano, Dixon, Glossbrenner, Gove, Harding,
Haiigliey, Asahel W. Hubbard. Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Lincoln, Loughridge, McCar-
thy, MeCullough, MercuT, Morrissey, JSIullms, Nich-
olson, Norris, Nunn, P'ruyn, Robinson, Selye, Stew-
art, Sypher, Taffo, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
V an Auken.Van Tramp,Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne,
and Wood—46.
So Mr. Blaine's substitute was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as amended,
was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the bill be laid
on the table ; and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 135, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnum, Beck,
Benjamin, Benton, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Deweese,
Doekery, Eldridge, Fox, French, Getz, GoJJaday,
Gravely, Haight, Holman, Hotehkiss, Johnson,
T.homas L. Jones, Knott, Marshall. MeCullough,
Mungen, Niblaok,Phelps,Robinson, Stevens,Taber,
Woodward, and Young—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Baker,
Banksjieaman, Beatty, Bingham,Blackburn .Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell. Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Buckley, Roderick R.Butler. Cake. Callis, Cary,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb,
Coburn, Corley, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dickey,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs.Fckley, Edwards, Bggleston,
Tuomas D Eliot. Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Garfield, Goss, Gove, Griswold. Halsey, Hamilton,
Haughey, Hawkins, Heaton, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Ilulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Kerr, Ketcham. Kitchen. Koontz, Lanin, Lash,
Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maliory, Marvin, May-
nard, MeUorraick, McKee, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Newsham, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Petors, Pettis, Pierce, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsloy,
Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Randall, Raum, Robertson,
Roots, Ross. Sawyer, Scbenck, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves. Smith, Stokes, Stover, Sypher, Taffe,
Taylor, Tift, John Trimble, Trowhridge, Twichell,
Upson, Van Aernam. BurtVanHorn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburn,
Henry D.Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn-Walker,
Whittemore, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, JohnX. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
and Woodbridge—135.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes,
Boles, Bowen, Boyden, Benjamin F. Butler, Clift,
Cook, Dawes, Delano, Dixon. Ela, James T. Elliott.
Glossbrenner, Grover, Harding, Asahel W.Hub.bard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey. George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Logon. McCarthy, Mercur, Morrell, Morrissey,
Mullins, Myers, Newcomb. Nicholson, Norris, Pike,
Pruy n, Selye, Shanks. Spalding, Starkweather, Stew-
art, Stone. Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Au-
ken, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, Win-
dom, and Wood—51.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time,"and passed.
On motion of Mr. BLAINE, the title of the
bill was amended by adding thereto and for
Other purposes."
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
strutjian, white, and baugh.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the petition and papers in the case of
Mr. Strutman and of Messrs. Wbiteand Baugh,
without leaving copies on file, for the purpose
of refiling, the same with additional papers at
the next Congress.
i/bave or absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Nor-
ms for this evening on account of illness ; to
Mr. Ltxoot.v for one week on account of ill-
ness, and to Mr. Cornell for this evening and
Saturday.
CENSUS COMMITTEE.
Mr. Beck, by unanimous consent, was ex-
cused from service on the select Committee on
the next Census ; and the Speaker appointed
Mr. Knott in his stead.
RECUSANT WITNESSES.
Mr. BLAIR, from the committee appointed
to investigate alleged election frauds in the
State of New York, offered the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, Tbatthe Sergeant-at-Armsof this House
be, and be is hereby, ordered to arrest and bring be-
fore this House John H. Bell, of Orange county, in
the State of New York, to answer for a contempt in re-
fusing to answer questions put to him by the commit-
tee of this House; appointed to investigate alleged
fraudsin the late presidential election in the State of
New York. And the said Sergeant-at-Armsis also in
like manner ordered to arrest and bring before this
House David W. Reeve, of said Orange county, in the
State of New Y ork, to answer as for acontempt in neg-
lecting and refusing to attend before thesaid commit-
tee appointed to investigate alleged frauds in thelate
presidential election in the State of New York, he,
thesaid David W. Reeve, having been flrstdulysnb-
penaed so to attend before said committee. And that
a warrant be issued by the Speaker of this House to
the Sergeant-at-Arms commanding him or his spe-
cial messenger to arrest the said John H. Bell and
David W. Reeve, and each of them, and bring tbem
before this House accordingly, to answer, each of
them, for this his contempt, and abide the order and
judgment of this House in the premises.
Mr. EOSS. I would ask my colleague on
the committee at what place these witnesses
were subpenaed to attend ?
Mr. BLAIR. At Middletown. This occurred
when the gentleman from Illinois was not pres-
ent.
Mr. ROSS. I doubt the propriety of send-
ing for any more of these witnesses. It involves
a great deal of expense. I do not know the
circumstances of this particluar case, for the
reason that my colleague left a day sooner than
was agreed upon by the sub-committee and
took testimony before I reached there, and
consequently 1 know nothing about the case ;
but I know that when I reached there in the
evening there weie twenty or thirty witnesses
who had been subpenaed, and who had not an
opportunity to testify, because the committee
adjourned and went away. I suggest also to
my colleague whether it was proper for him to
introduce this resolution without any order of
the committee. I think the committee has
never been called together to consider the pro-
priety of this resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. Is that so ? Are you sure
of it?
Mr. ROSS. They have not, to my knowl-
edge. I have been at every meeting of the
committee in this city when I have been noti-
fied, and so far as I know this question of order-
ing these witnesses to be brought here hasnever
been brought before the committee.
Mr. BLAIR. I will simply say—not to take
up the time of the gentleman who has kindly
yielded to me—that a majority of the commit-
tee have been together upon this question, and
have instructed me to report this resolution.
Mr. ROSS. 1 think it very strange that the
committee should have held such a meeting
without notice to me.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of order,
and it .is this : if there were any meeting of
the kind referred to by my colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Blair.,] my colleague [Mr.
Boss] and myself were not notified of that
meeting, and it is therefore not in the power
of the committee to attempt any such action
as this in the House at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
"If it is disputed that the report has been ordered
to be made by the committee, the question of recep-
tion must be put to the House."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Kerr,] a member of the commit-
tee, raises the question that this is not a report
authorized by the committee, and the question,
therefore, is whether the House will receive
the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does the gentleman state
that it is not a report of the committee 1
Mr. KERR. I do so state.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is not enough that the
question shall be raised, but it must be denied
by a member of the committee that it is a re-
port of the committee.
Mr. KERR. I can only repeat what I have
already stated, that my colleague [Mr. Ross]
and myself were not notified of any such meet-
ing, and I take it that it cannot be called a
meeting of the committee unless all the mem-
bers of the committee were notified. We were
here all the lime.
Mr. BLAIR. My colleagues around me will
sanction the statement that I make, that I
was authorized by a majority of the committee
present together to make the report.
Mr. KERR. I do not deny the statement of
my colleague.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I make the point
of order that the rale does not apply unless a
member of the committee declares that it is
not the report of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read the
rule. This is a question that has very often
been decided by Speakers. The rule is that if
it is disputed that the report has been ordered
to be made by the committee 
Mr. KERR. That means, I take it, at a
lawful meeting of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Indiana to be that this report is not made by
the committee.
Mr. KERR. I do.
TheSPEAKER. Itisforthe House, having
heard both sides, to determine whether the
resolution shall be received.
Mr. ROBINSON. I demand the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YAN HORN, of Missouri. Is it in
order to call for the regular order ?
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order.
The committee have a right to report at any
time, but the gentleman from Indiana disputes
that this is a report from the committee.
The question was taken on the reception of
the resolution, audit was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 120, nays 33, not voting 69; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Baker,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin. Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Buckley. Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Reader
W. Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Cornell, Co-
vode, Cullom. Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Edwards, E^gleston, Ma, rhomasD.
ilton, Ilaughey, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kalsey, Koontz, Laflm. Lash,
Cormick. McKee, Miller. Moore, Moorhead. Myers,
Newcomb, Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pile, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Raum,
Roots, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, S&ollabarger,
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stover, Taire,
Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Henry 1>. Wash-
burn, Whittemore, Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,andStepaen
F. Wilson—120. „ _ .
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnum, Beck,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Chanler, Getz, Golladay, Grover,
Haight, Holman, Humphrey, Johnson, Ibomas L.
