1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Sitgreaves, Taber, Tift, Van Tramp, Woodward, and
Young—33. . , . „ _ , _
NOT VOTING!—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey'Baldwin, Barnes,
Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Boyden, Benjamin
3?. Butler,Cake, Cary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Delano. Dixon, Dockery, Dodge, Eldndge, Farns-
worth, Fox. Glossbrenner, Harding, Hawkins, Hea-
ton Hill, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Julian, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Lincoln, McCarthy, MoCullough, Mercur,
Morroll, Morrissey, Mullins, Norris, Nunn, Pettis,
Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Poland, Robertson, Selye,
Shanks, Spalding, Stewart, Stone, Sypher, Thomas,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, VanWyck. Vidal,
BhhuB. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wolker,
Windom, Wood, and Woodbridge—69.
So the resolution was received.
The question was upon adopting the reso-
lution.
Mr. BLAIR. Upon that question I call for
the previous question.
Mr. KERB. I call for a division of the
resolution. It calls for the arrest of two per-
sons, and I ask for a separate vote on the case
of each person.
The SPEAKER. The resolution reads—
that portion of it providing for an order of
arrest—as follows:
And that a warrant be issued by the Speaker of
this House to the Sergeant-at-Arms, commanding
liim or his special messenger to arrest the said John
H. Bell and David W. Reevo, and each of them, &c.
If no objection is made this will be regarded
as applying to each case separately, in which
case a separate vote may be taken upon order-
ing the arrest of each person.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. Then we will have to call
the yeas and nays, which otherwise we prob-
ably would not have done.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table; and upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were upon a divis-
ion—ayes 25, noes 104; not one fifth in the
aOirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ROSS called for tellers.
The question was taken on ordering tellers
ou the yeas and nays; there were twenty-seven
in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a quo-
nun) tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ross and
Mr. Blair were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were thirty ayes.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 32, nays 112, not
voting 78; as follows:
YI5AS/—Mossrs. AxteIl,Barnum, Bock, Boyer, Burr,
Cary, Chanler,Dockery. Pox.Gotz. Uolladny, Urover,
Holman, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormiok, McCullough,
Mungen, Niblank, Nicholson, Randall, liobinson,
Stone, Taber, Tift, Van Trump, Woodward, and
Young-—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Baker,
Banks, Beaman, Boniamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blamo, Blair,Boutwell,Bowen,Broinwell, Broomall,
Buckley, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift. Cobb,
field, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton, Haw-
kins, Higby. Hill, Hooper, Ilulburd, Hunter, J enckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lash, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard,
Miller, Moore, Moorchoad, Morrell, Myers, New-
sham, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pierce,
Plants,Polsley.Pomoroy,Price,Princo.Raum,Robert-
son, Sawyer, Sohenek, Selyo, Shanks, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes, Stover. Taffe,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert
J-Van Horn, Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburu, llenry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Whittemore,
Ihomas Williams, William Williams, James P. Wil-
s0?tv;T>? an(i Stephen 1'. Wilson—112.
NO I \ OlMt,—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Barnes, Beatty, Blackburn, Boles, Boyden, Brooks,
Buckland, Calhs, Churchill, Coburn, Cook, Delano,
Deweese, Dixon. Dodge. Eggleston, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, French, Glossbrenner, Haight, Halsey, Hard-
UlsrViUf?shJy^F0!it0I1,\1fcpkins. Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Riohard D.Hub-
bard, Ingersoll, Kellogg. Ketcham, Lincoln, Loan,
Loughridge. Mai lory, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur,
Morrissey. Mullins. Newcomb, Norris, Nunn, Pettis,
Phelps,Pike, Pile, Poland,Pruyn,Roots,Ross,Scofield
Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stewart, Sypher,Taylor,Thomas,
John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Welker, Windom, Wood, and Woodbridge—78.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make an inquiry
of my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Blair. ]
Mr. BLAIR. I yield for an inquiry.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
now to make a motion to refer this resolution
to the eommittee from which it purports to
come?
Mr. BLAIR. I am not willing to do that.
So much time has already been occupied with
this subject that I think we ought to dispose
of it now.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] the reason
the minority of the committee were not notified
of the meeting at which this resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. At the time the committee
met it was not convenient. The meeting was
extemporized in the cloak-room adjoining the
Hall, and it was not convenient at that time
to call in all the members of the committee.
Mr. ROSS. I will ask whether the meeting
was not called at the instance of the gentleman
from the eleventh district of New York, [Mr.
Van Wyck?]
Mr. BLAIR. I do not desire to say any-
thing in regard to any question of; that kind.
I renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. PRUYN. I make the point of order
that it is the duty of the Chair to rule this res-
olution out of order, after the statement just
made by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Blair] that no regular meeting of the com-
mittee was called. Under the circumstances
this resolution cannot be considered a report
from a committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The House of Representatives,
whose authority is superior to that of the
Speaker, has ruled that this resolution shall be
received as the report of the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. That was before the state-
ment which has just been made by the gentle-
man from Michigan.
Mr. PRUYN. It was in view of the state-
ment just made by the gentleman from Michi-
gan that I raised the point.
The SPEAKER. A point of order cannot
be renewed, as the Digest states, even upon
the suggestion of additional reasons. The
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kebr,] a mem-
ber of the committee, raised the point that this
resolution was not a report of the commit-
tee. The Chair submitted the question to the
House ; and the House decided to receive the
resolution as the report of the committee. It
is not within the power of the Speaker to over-
rule the decision of the House.
The question being taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, there were—
ayes 02, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Blair and
Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 92, noes 24.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; there be-
ing—ayes 97, noes 19.
The question was upon agreeing to the res-
olution.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 33, not vot-
ing 75 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin, Bingham, Blair, Bout-
well, Bromwcll, Broomall, Buckley, Benjamin i\
Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Callis, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Cor-
nell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes. Dickey, Dockery,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Edwards, James
T. 1011i o11, Ferriss, Perry, Fields, French, Garfield,
Goss, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hamilton, Haugbey,
Hawkins, Reafcon, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Alexander II.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey, Ketch-
am, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lash, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin, McKee, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
rell, Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pottis, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Prince,
Raum, Roots, Sawyer, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith,
Starkweather, Stokes, Stover, TafFe, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Yan
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Ward, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, and John T. Wilson—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnum. Beatty.
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Fox, Getz, Gol-
laday, Grover, Haight, Holman, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, McCormick, McCullough,
Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Pruyn, Randall, Rob-
inson, Ross, Taber, Tift, Van Trump, Woodward,
and Young—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Barnes, Beaman,
Beck, Benton, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Bowen,
Boyden, Bueklan-d, Churchill, Clift, Cook, Delano,
Deweese, Dixon, Bggleston, Ela, Eldridge, Thomas
D. Eliot, Farnsworth, Glossbrenner, Govo, Harding,
Hill, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.Hubbard, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Lincoln,
Loan, Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy,
Mercur, Morrissey, Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, Nor-
ris, Nunn, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Poland, Rob-
ertson, Schenck. Scofield, Shanks. Sitgreaves, Spald-
ing, Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Sypher, Thomas, John
Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble. Van Auken, Van
Wyck, Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Woodbridge—75.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. Blair withdrew his amendment.
leave 01' absence.
Mr. Ingersoll was granted leave of absence
for this evening and to-morrow.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
935) to provide for a term of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the
district of Vermont; when the Speaker signed
the same.
leave of absence.
Mr. POLSLEY asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence.
Mr. KNOTT asked and obtained leave of
absence from the session of this evening.
naval laws.
Mr. PIKE. I rise to a privileged question,
and call up the report of the committee of
conference on House bill No. 941, to amend
certain acts in relation to the Navy and Ma-
rine corps. *
The Clerk read as follows :
Theeommitteeof conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendments to
the bill (II. R. No. 941) to amend certain acts in rela-
tion to the Navy and Marine corps, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate recede from its first amendment
striking out thefirstsection of the bill and the enact-
ing clause of the second section, and that the House
agree to an amendment of said first section by way
of substitute in the following terms :
That from and after the passage of this act the
active list of the United States Marine corps shall
consist of the following officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, to wit:
One brigadier general commandant, one colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, three majors, one adjutant
and inspector, one paymaster, one Quartermaster,
one assistant quartermaster, seventeen captains,
twenty-four first lieutenants, twenty-four second
lieutenants, ono sergeant major, one quartermas-
ter's sergeant, one drum major, one principal musi-
cian, one hundred a,nd sixty-seven sergeants, one
hundred and sixty-five corporals, thirty musicians
for band, fifty drummers, fifty fifers, and eighteen
hundred privates: Provided, That no commission of
any officer now in the Marine corps shall be vacated
by this aot, but no appointment shall bo madein any
of the grades of said corps until the number of offi-
cers in thatgrade shall have been reduced below the
number herein authorized.
That the House agree to the second amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment as follows: striko
out the words "and no appointment of third assist-
ant engineer shall hereafter be made" and insert in
lieu thereof the words " and the grade of third assist-
ant engineer is hereby abolished, but no commission
of any officer of that grade who has been wounded
in battle while in the service shall be vacated by
the terms of this section, and any such officer now
in said grade shall, notwithstanding the disability
caused by such wound, be entitled to be examined
