210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Executive and Judicial Power—Mr. Ashley.
40th Cong....3b Sess.
to the pardon of the counterfeiters whom he has
released, I am confident that but few if any of
them would have been set at large to prey again
upon the country. At all events I am unwill-
ing to lodge the power to pardon even com-
mon criminals in the hands of any one man.
In short, I am against the one-man power in
any form, in any department of the Govern-
ment.
If the question were now submitted to me
whether to continue the executive office with
the power now lodged in the hands of the
President, or abolish the office altogether, I
would vote to abolish it. For years I have
believed that the executive power was the
rock on which as a nation we should eventually
be broken to pieces. It is the province of
true statesmanship to point out prospective,
danger and suggest the remedy, rather than
delay it until a usurper such as we now have
at the head of the Government forces a recog-
nition of the danger. The greater our confi-
dence in General Grant the more anxious we
should be to adopt an adequate remedy during
the life of his Administration. We ought not
to forget that Johnson succeeded Lincoln, and
that we may need protection from the suc-
cessor to General Grant.
APPOINTMENT OP CABINETS.
Mr. Chairman, in order that the dangerous
and irresponsible power of the Executive may
be still further reduced I have proposed that
the two Houses of Congress shall, in joint con-
vention, appoint annually one Cabinet officer;
and that each member of the Cabinet shall,
with the recommendation of a majority of the
Cabinet, including the President, appoint for
his Department all officers which by law require
the confirmation of the Senate, the persons
thus appointed and all subordinate officers for
each Department to be appointed and removed
in such manner as Congress may by law direct.
I have also provided that each Cabinet officer
maybe removed at any time by the concurrent
vote of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, separately given.
It will be observed that in providing for an
executive council I have merged the War and
Navy Departments into one. I have done so
because my observation of the practical work-
ing of these Departments during the war satis-
fied me that the two Departments could be
better managed if under the administration of
one executive head. I have therefore provided
for one Department of the Army and Navy.
If this amendment were made part of the Con-
stitution^ the President would still be Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, and
he would have all the power incident to the
command of so large and influential a body of
men as compose the Army and Navy of the
nation ; he would also have the power to nom-
inate and promote all its officers. He would
appoint, as now, all consuls and foreign em-
bassadors and judges of the Supreme and
district courts of the United States. This,
with the right to nominate officers for all the
Territories and grant pardons, is all the power
I am willing to concede to any Executive.
The adoption of these provisions will bring
the Executive Departments into harmony with
the legislative, and.destroy practically the one-
man power in the Government. It will also
give us abler and more faithful administrative
officers in the Executive Departments. I would
like to discuss these propositions at greater
length did time permit. Each proposition is
so plain, however, that they can hardly be mis-
interpreted or misunderstood.
THESE MUST BE ORGANIZED OPPOSITION TO EXECUTIVE
USURPATION.
After the important questiong growing out
of the late rebellion are permanently settled,
and the question of citizenship suffrage is dis-
posed of by the adoption of the constitutional
amendment now before us, I cannot affiliate
with any party which as an o-rganization pro-
poses to maintain the kingly and dangerous
prerogatives now conceded to the President by
custom and usage. If we are to continue the
presidential office at all, it must be simply as
an executive and as no part of the law-mak-
ing power. The duty of the President must
be strictly limited to the execution of the law.
The veto power, the appointing power, and the
power of removal at pleasure and without
cause, are all kingly prerogatives, and at war
with the theory of a republican and democratic
Government. As the national life is born of
the will of the people, so the legislative repre-
sentation of that will must be in the national
Congress. In all Governments the ultimate
power must somewhere have a lodgment. In
a republic it is safest in the hands of the peo-
ple's representatives. The nearer this ultimate
power is to the people the more directly and
easily it can be molded and controlled by them.
An absolute power in any Government which
is above and superior to the people is a des-
potism. It is a fallacy to assume that there
must be lodged in some department of the Gov-
ernment a despotic power such as the veto
power. In any light in which I am able to
view this great question I can see only danger
in the constant encroachments and usurpations
of the executive and judicial departments of
the Government, and safety and security for
the people only by the lodgment of the ultimate
power of the nation in the national Congress.
To the danger inseparable from the lodgment
of such kingly prerogatives in the hands of any
one man as are now conceded to the Presi-
dent may be added the danger of our present
system of making nominations. The caucus
and convention system and the manner of
electing the President and Vice President by
electors, or by the House of Representatives
when the electors fail to make a choice, all
tend to exclude.the people from a direct voice
in the government of the nation, and enables
a few to control the Government and adminis-
ter it, not according to the will of the people,
but as decreed by nominating conventions and
by irresponsible bodies unknown to the Con-
stitution. All attempts to maintain the dom-
ination of the Executive over the legislative
department of the Government must be de-
feated, and all efforts to clothe the Executive
with new prerogatives or an increase of his
present overshadowing power must be met by
prompt, vigorous, and organized resistance ;
and to this great work I shall in the future
devote whatever of political influence I may
have.
THE JUDICIAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. Chairman, I now submit an amendment
providing for the better organization of the
Supreme Court, which the Clerk will please
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strikeout section one of article three and insert
the following:
The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish. The judges, both of the Supreme and
district courts, shall hold their offices for twenty years:
Provided, That no judge shall act as a member of
the Supreme Court nor of any district court of the
United States after he shall have reached the age of
seventy years. After their appointment and qualifi-
cation they shall be ineligible to any office under the
national Government. They shall at stated times
receive for their services acompensation which shall
not be diminished duringtheir continuance in office.
After the expiration of the term of service of each
judge of the Supreme or of any district court of the
United States, the Congress shall, by law, provide
such annual compensation as they may deem proper
tor each retiring judge during life, which compensa-
tion shall not be diminished.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
next to the danger inseparable from the use
and abuse of executive power is the danger to
be apprehended from judicial usurpation and
judicial corruption. The history of judicial
usurpations in the United States is a history
running over many years of judicial "sapping
I and mining." The judicial power is all the
more dangerous because ever silent and insid-
ious. In all ages and countries its most dia-
bolical crimes have been committed in the
sacred name of justice and of law. Jefferson
was right when he declared that—
"The germ of dissolution of our Government was
in the Constitution of the Federal j udiuiary, an irre-
sponsible body, (forimpeachinent is scarcely a scare-
crow,) working iike gravity by night and by day,
gaining a little to-day and a little to-morrow, and
advancing itsnoiseless steps over the field of jurisdic-
tion." " The foundations are already deeply laid by
their decisions for the annihilation of constitutional
State rights and the removal of every check, every
counterpoise, to the ingulfing power of which them-
selves are to make a sovereign part." '' An opinion
is huddled up in conclave, perhaps by a majority of
one, delivered as if unanimous and with the silent
acquiescence of lazy or timid associates by a crafty
chief judge."
"It has proved that the power of declaring what
the law is ad libituzi by sapping and mining slyly and
without alarm the foundations of the Constitution
can do what open force would not dare to attempt."
I have no time at this late hour to go into a
history of the usurpations of the Supreme and
district courts of the United States. Such a
history would present a long and black cata-
logue of unjust and infamous decisions. The
first speech which I made in this House was
devoted to an exposition of its betrayal of
human rights and its shameless affirmation of
the right of slavery. I have nothing to retract
of what I then said of its indefensible subserv-
iency to the slave power and to the baneful
spirit of party; nor can I modify, as I should
be glad to do, what I then said of the undis-
guised personal and political ambition for the
Presidency of some if not a majority of its
members.
Years before the Dred Scott decision was
delivered an attempt was made to prepare the
way for that usurpation or any other which
might be deemed for the interest of slavery by
a studied and labored effort on the part of the
slave power and their northern allies to impress
the country with a greater veneration for that
"august tribunal" known as the Supreme
Court than for any other department of the
Gjjvernment.
f' Its decisions were declared to be "finalities''
from which there was to be no appeal, and
its immaculate wisdom and purity was every-
where the enthusiastic theme of a partisan
press and party leaders, who demanded that
its decisions should be accepted as unques-
tioned law. Statutes were enacted which
declared they were to be operative, provided <■
they were in subordination to the Constitution
as interpreted by a majority of this " august
tribunal" composed of nine men, of whom five
were a majority. So persistently did political
demagogues press this point upon the country
that the members of the Supreme Court began
to act as if they were in fact an "august tri-
bunal" endowed with a wisdom unknown to
the rest of mankind, and that they had an intui-
tive knowledge of the Constitution unknown to
any other body of men. )Those who knew the
court when the Dred St?ott decision was pro-
nounced will not hesitate to admit that whatever
knowledge of the Constitution a majority of
them had was probably "intuitive," and that
their legal endowments were of a character
incomprehensible to the great body of intelli-
gent men who read that decision. So thor-
oughly did a majority of this court believe in
the infallibility of their assumed power that they
consulted with and gave directions for the
guidance of their partisan friends, and were
preparing to assume to interpret without ques-
tion the Constitution for both the executive and
legislative departments of the Government-
Justice Wayne, of Georgia, than whom there
was no purer or better man on the bench iu his
day, believed, and so expressed himself to his
friends, "that if the Supreme Court could be
brought to make a unanimous decision in the
DredScottcase, [in favor of slavery, of course,]
that it would settle that question for all time to
come.'' This was the kind of immaculate
judicial wisdom to which the nation was called
upon to submit without question.
It is now well known to all that the Dred
