1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
some eighteen months ago a resolution was
passed under which this paragraph is retained,
and that unless it is retained this messenger
will not be paid at all. He is not a detailed
messenger.
Mr. SGOFIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
to strike out the clause, it was disagreed to.
Mr. JtJLIAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing in line one hundred and seven, alter the
word " dollars," the words "clerks to Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, $2,160." I appre-
hend that the appropriation for the clerk to
the Committee on the Public Lands was omitted
by inadvertence. The House will remember
that he is one of the four permanent clejks of
the committees of the House who receive an
annual salary by resolution of the House. The
ordinary appropriation for his salary should
therefore be included in this bill.
I wish to state further that every gentleman
in the House knows something about the
amount of business which is sent to that com-
mittee, and the amount of labor that devolves
upon it. That labor is constantly increasing.
In addition to the ordinary duties of clerk he
is charged with the preservation of the land
maps of the House, and the duties of draughts-
man are imposed upon him. Under a special
resolution of the House, passed some years
ago, it is made his duty to keep up a map
showing the progress of the survey sale of the
public lands of the United States. And I think
nobody will dispute it when I say^ that with
the single exception of the clerk of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, his labors are quite
equal to those devolved upon any of the other
clerks having a tixed annual salary. It there-
fore would be both invidious and unreasonable
not to continue the appropriation we have been
making for the past seven or eight years. The
House just now voted down a proposition to
strike out the appropriation for clerk of the
Committee of Claims. For very good reasons
given by the chairman of that committee the
House, by a large vote, declined to do it.
Now, there is not a solitary reason for keeping
up a permanent clerk of the Committee of
Claims with a fixed salary which does not
apply in all its force to the clerk of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands. I hope, there-
fore, this appropriation will be inserted, and
that the chairman of the Committee 011 Appro-
priations will not oppose it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that it will be possible to resist the crea-
tion of new offices about the Capitol. I know
we have gone 011 creating new offices and en-
larging the Capitol police until we have made
the Capitol police force cost between sixty and
seventy thousand dollars a year. Two hundred
dollars a day of the people's money is now be-
ing paid to guard this building.
With regard to the amendment which the
gentleman from Indiana has proposed, we went
through with this whole question at the last
session of Congress, and this clerk was voted
out in the first instance, but afterward a sub-
stitute for the whole section was offered which
included this clerk and some other clerks, and
the whole went through. I undertake to say
that as a separate measure it could not have
gone through, and my recollection is that it
was voted down once in Committee^ of the
Whole. Now, what are the facts in this case?
In the first placu, I contend thai the clerk of
the Committee 011 the Public Lands has no
more to do than the clerks of half a dozen
other committees who are paid only a per diem
allowance. He does not remain here during
the vacation, and he has no more to do than
the clerks of the Committee on Commerce, the
Committee on Naval Affairs, the Committee
on Military Affairs, and of some of the other
committees. A few years ago, when those maps
went from the land office to the Committee on
the Public Lands, a resolution—not a joint reso-
lution, as my friend perhaps understands nota
law, but a simple resolution of the House, made
this clerk a permanent clerk, and the salary was
appropriated for two or three sessions; but it
was found that there was 110 necessity for con-
tinuing the appropriation, and, as I said before,
according to my recollection the Committee
of the Whole at the last session voted it down.
And when wo camc to consider the appropria-
tion bill for this session we found that there
was 110 law authorizing the appointment of
this clerk and no law requiring us to make an
appropriation for a permanent clerk to this
committee, and hence we did not put it into
the bill. If we are going to stop anywhere let
us stop here; if our pretenses of reform amount
to anything let us commence here at home, and
when we find a useless office let us cut it off.
ThequestionwasputonMr. Jultan's amend-
ment; and there wore—ayes 10, noes 62; no
quorum voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee is dividing.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to rise is
not in order, as the committee is dividing.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Julian,
and Washburne, of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 10, noes 48; no quorum voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion with this question pending.
If it be the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee, however, that when the House next goes
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union the vote maybe takenon this amend-
ment, the Chair will entertain the motion. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. J ULIAN. I will withdraw the amend-
ment and offer it again when the House is
fuller.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that. The committee is dividing, and if we
rise now the first thing to be done when we
get into committee again will be to renew the
count. .
The CHAIRMAN. That is what the Chair
supposes.
The question was taken 011 Mr. I'AiiKS-
worth's motion ; and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; anil JIr.
Wilsox, of Iowa, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Scheno k reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the special order, being the bill (H. R. No.
1673) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1870, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
WELLS, TAItGO AKD COMPANY.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to make a personal ex-
planation of perhaps from three to five minutes.
Mr. INGIiRSOLL. I will not object, if it
is to be understood that no more business will
be done to-day.
No objection was made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will be recollected
by the House that considerable has been said
with reference to Wells, Fargo & Co., and a
proposed investigation into their contract for
carrying the overland mails. I ask the Clerk
to read some extracts from the correspond-
ence and editorials of the Chicago Tribune,
which I have marked and send to him.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Special dispatch to the Chicago Tribune.]
•"Old Economy' on Randall's Trail.—Mr. Wash-
bubn-ii, of Illinois, to-day made a statement that the
Postmaster General had appeared before the Com-
mittee on Appropiiations, after the resolution re-
garding Weils, Fargo & Oo. had been introduced,
and stated that he should not wake any iurtherpay-
inent on theii contract. To-day kandall yriote to
the committee that ho had changed his mind, ana
should at. once pay some two hundred thousand dol-
lars. Mr. Washbubjte asked the House to pass a
resolution stopping payment. Mt^Fabkswoeth, ot
Illinois, objected to its consideration, as be always
does when the Post Office is attacked and the reso-
lution was forced over, which will probably cna^o
thecontraotors to get their money. The whole affair
has a very ugly look."
Editorials.
"We do not know what occasion 34r. Farns worth
has to stand between Postmaster General Randall
and an investigation of Hie Wells, Fargo & Co. mail
contract, if the contract is a fair and honest one it
can easily be proved such, and all parties concerned
in making it ou&ht to be anxious to have an oppor-
tunity to exhibit the truth to the country. At the
present timo the public have an extremely unfavor-
able opinion of it, and this unfavorable opinion will
extend to all persona who oppose an investigation
into its true character."
" If the Wells, Fargo <fcCo.maileontraetisafraud,
and if Hon. John F. Fabnswortii is a party toit, or
is the hired agent of those perpetrating it, be is
taking exactly the proper course to convinco the
peoplo ot hisdistrictof such a state of things—voting
in the same day first against the investigation of a
questionable contract, and second, against a bill
which is intended to onablo the incoming President
to get rid of the scoundrels now in office. We barely
suggest that Mr. Farnswobth's constituents could
have dispensed with one of those votes, or would
have preferred that they had been spread over a
greater period of time."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now ask the Clerk
to read an extract from the Washington cor-
respondence of the Chicago Evening Post.
The Clerk read as follows:
The House Refuse* to Order an Investigation of the
Overl oid Mail Contract.
[Special Dispatch to the Evening Post.]
"Washington, January 11.—An effort was made
by E. B. Washbubnb and Mr. Ela in the lJouse thi.s
alternoon to suspend the rules, and get a resolution
before the Ilouse to investigate thecontrar tm-ule by
the Post Office Depaitment with Wells, Fargo Co.
and all charges against the Post Office Department.
Mr. Randall's defenders appeared in the persons of
General Farnsworth, of Illinois,and Mr. jPomkroy,
of New York, who, with the aid of a very few Kopub-
licans and the entire Democratic vote, succeedcd in
dci'eat'ng the motion to suspend the rules, a two-
thirds vote being neoebbary. The Post 095c« ling are
greatly rejoiced over the notion of the JJouso, as it
effectually shields the Post Office officials Iroui ex-
posure ot complicity with known frauds.
"A large majority of Republican members voted
for this investigation.but General Farnsworth, aided
by a few Republicans, succoededin preventing a sus-
pension of the ruled, thus virtually countenancing
the swindling operations which exist in Randall s
Department."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am pretty well sat-
isfied that the two dispatches which Ike Clerk
has just read were written by the same party
or prompted by the same brain. 1 desire to
ask ray colleague from the Galena district
[Mr. Washburne] whether he wrote or dic-
tated either of those dispatches?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league ought to know me better than to ask
me such a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
answer the question ? That will be sufficient.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
in the habit of writing or dictating dispatches
about ray colleagues. If I have any public
matters to settle with my colleagues I settle
them here on the floor of this House. 1 have
had uo written communication or conversation
in regard to my colleague [Mr. Farxsworth]
outside of the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives, excepting some casual conversa-
tion. I have made no reflection upon him of
any kind or character. 1 differ with him in
regard to this swindle.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ithasbnen intimated
to me that my colleague had something*to do
with these dispatches. I am glad to hear Inui
say that sueh was not the ease.
1 now state, not for the information ot the
House, for they know the fact, but for the in-
formation of the papers in Chicago, whicli ha\e
been assailing- me in this matter, and I shall
publish with my remarks extracts from the
Daily Globe, showing the proceedings in this
House in relation to this subject; 1 now state-
that on the first occasion that my colleague
proposed a resolution asking the Postmaster
General to suspend payments to Wells, Faigo
and Co., he did not ask for any investiga-
tion at all of the subject. I did not say one
word upon the matter. Objection to its being
considered by the House at that time was made
by another gentleman ; I did not open my
mouth upon the subject. _
Two days afterward my colleague again askeu
