212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February IB,
Ho. of Reps.
Executive and Judicial Power—Mr. Ashley.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
as in his judgment will best represent his
opinions on the leading questions of the day,
and to whose judgmentand fidelity he is willing
to intrust the disposition of all new questions
which may arise and on which, at the time of
voting, he can hare formed no opinions.
Mr. Chairman, in submitting this proposition
the object I have in view is to secure to every
-clector, no matter where he mayreside in a
State, the right to vote for any citizen in the
United States whom he may prefer to represent
him in Congress, so that the free exercise of
his individual judgment shall not be restricted
to the locality of his residence or to accepting
a candidate imposed upon him by local cau-
cuses and local conventions. Experience, I
think, has demonstrated the necessity of devis-
ing some improvement in our electoral system.
We must adopt a system, not only for electing the
President by a direct vote of the people by
ballot, withoutthe intervention of caucuses and
conventions and presidential electors, but we
must inaugurate a system for electing Senators
and Representatives in Congress, and for State
Legislatures, which will secure a more equit-
able representation and give greater protection
to the interests and rights of minorities. The
despotism and injustice of the majority has been
felt with fearful power in this nation. For more
than three quarters of a century in the name
of Christianity and of liberty the majority en-
slaved millions of men. During all that time
demagogues clamored for the right of the ma-
jority to enact villainy into law. Compromis-
ing with slavery was then regarded as the high-
est statesmanship. The right of the minority
to a voice in the Government or even to a hear-
ing was unfearlessly denied, and bars and bolts
and dungeons, mob law and social and political
ostracism was the lot of those who in the land
of Washington came pleading for the liberty
of the human race. Experience warns us of
the fatal consequences of such injustice and of
all compromisers with wrong and of all tempo-
rary and superficial legislation. Put the prop-
ositions which I have made into the Constitu-
tion, and they will beeome the crowning glory
of our fundamental law. We shall thus abol-
ish t he kingly prerogatives of the President,
and recognize the supremacy of the people by
making it the imperative duty of the Govern-
ment to see that the rights of minorities are
respected and protected. "The office of Gov-
ernment," says one of the ablest women of
America, "is to represent the rights of all, not
the will of all."
True representation is the corner-stone of
the Republic; withoutit democracy surrenders
to the minority, and a ruling minority in any
Government will always become an aristocracy.
Democracy cannot be maintained by any peo-
ple simply by declaring for a Government of the
majority, unless it recognizes the divine law,
which commands all to " do unto others as they
would that others should do unto them." The
"golden rule" is the foundation-stone of true
democracy, and the nation which builds upon
any other foundation, though by the consent of
the majority,buildsuponthe sand. Whatlwant
to secure in the administration of Government is
not the absolute dominationofthemajority, but
to have the enlightened " will of the majority,
constituted guardian of the rights of all." My
purpose is to so reorganize the Government that
it shall recognize the divine law of liberty and
justice and be administered by the consent of
all, in the interest of all, and with representa-
tion for all. This cannot be done by concen-
trating so much power in the hands of the
President or in the national judiciary; nor can
it be done by refusing to recognize the rights
of minorities to an equitable representation in
Stale Legislatures and in the national Congress.
Ilie system which I wish to see inaugurated is
based upon the fundamental idea that every
legislative body should reflect the sentiments
and convictions of the whole people which it is
chosen to represent. Adopt this plan, and every
constituency sufficiently numerous in a State to
entitle them to one or more Representatives
either in Congress or in a State Legislature can
secure such Representatives.
Under our present system the minority in
half the States are often without a voice in the
national Government. The legislative power
of Ohio to-day is in the hands of the minority
of the electors of that State. This could never
happen under the system which I hope some
day to see adopted, not only by the States,
but by the national Government. The system
so ably presented by Mr. Hare, of Great Brit-
ain,commends itself to me becauseof its admir-
able simplicity and its absolute security to the
interests and rights of minorities. It would be
mathematically impossible under that system
for the minority in any State to obtain con-
trol of its Legislature, or the minority of the
nation to obtain a majority in Congress, white
at the same time it would secure to minorities
a just representation in proportion to the num-
ber of votes which they polled at each elec-
tion.
I have not time to dwell, as I should be glad
to do, at greater length upon the inestimable
value of this most admirable system; a sys-
tem which has the approval of John Stewart
Mill and many of the ablest statemen of
Europe and America. With some modifica-
tions it could be adopted by every State. But
if custom and the ambition of local party lead-
ers render the adoption of Mr. Hare's plan
impossible, I am confident that a discussion
of the question of minority representation
which it presents will result in an amendment
to our present indefensible system. For the
sake of illustration let me state the manner in
which the voters in Ohio are clothed with
unequal political power. I do not now speak
of the entire disfranchisement of minorities,
which is done in almost every State by gerry-
mandering, but the unequal apportionment of
States into senatorial and legislative districts,
as in Maryland and Delaware.
In addition to this I refer to the great power
which in certain localities in many States is
conferred upon one voter and denied to an-
other. For instance, in Hamilton county, in my
State, each elector votes for nine representa-
tives and three senators to the Stg,t.e Legisla-
ture, making twelve members of the State
Legislature for whom one elector votes on one
ticket.
In the county in which I reside, and indeed
in a majority of the counties in the State, they
elect but one member of the house and one
senator in each district, so that each elector
outside of Hamilton county can vote for but
one representative and one senator to the State
Legislature, except in such years as a few of
the districts or counties have one additional
senator or representative, which we call a float.
Every voter, therefore, in Hamilton county has
nine times the political power of a voter in
Lucas in the choice of members of the Slate
Legislature. This inequality and injustice, all
will agree, ought not to be maintained. The
political power of the State as represented by
the number of votes cast by each party can
be fairly distributed and the minority secured
an equitable represeatation without an entire
abandonment of the district system to which
custom and the interests of local politicians so
much attach us.
To illustrate, suppose we should alter our
State constitution in Ohio so that the senate
should be composed of forty-eight members
and the house of ninety-six members, and that
in making the apportionment in the constitution
as it is now, the States hould be divided into
eleven senatorial and twenty-two representa-
tive districts, electing four senators and four
representatives in each district, each senatorial
district being divided into two representative
districts; and that the remaining four senators
and eight representatives should be elected as
we now elect floats, except that they be elected
for the State at large. This would place every
voter in the State on an equal footing as to the
number of members of the State Legislature
for whom he would be permitted to vote.
If after such an apportionment the electors
were permitted—as I think they ought to be—
to adopt the cumulative and alternate system
of voting, the minority if they numbered a
fraction above one fourth of the voters in any
district could secure one senator and repre-
sentative, or if they numbered a fraction above
one eighth of the voters in the State they could
secure one senator and two representatives for
the State at large.
If the electors in any district were dissatis-
fied, as they often are, with one or more of the
candidates nominated by their party, they
ought to be permitted to cumulate and alter-
nate their votes on any one or more candi-
dates, either for the State at large or in their
own district, designating on their ballots their
first, second, third, and fourth choice, so that
their votes should not be lost by a larger num-
ber being cast for any one candidate than would
elect him, or for a candidate who would not
receive enough to elect him. Under this system
each party would be compelled to nominate its
best and ablest men or suffer defeat. Each
elector having the right of alternate and cumu-
ulative voting, he could vote for any one or more
of the candidates presented, either for the State
at large or in his district, and would do so rather
than vote for an objectionable and unworthy
man of'his party merely because he was the
caucus nominee, if in doing so he thereby
increased the vote of his favorite candidate.
Let me illustrate this point, so that I shall
not be misunderstood. 1 would provide that
each elector should vote one ballot. On that
ballot he should name his choice for State and
county officers as now. State and county officers
being ministerial and not legislative, and each
voter being entitled to vote for but one of such
officers, the right of alternate and cumulative
voting cannot be provided for. Only where the
elector has the right to vote for two or more
candidates for the same office—like members
of the Legislature or Congress—can the system
of cumulative and alternative voting be applied.
For example, every State has but one Gov-
ernor, and every county but one clerk of the
court, and each elector must vote for but one
if he votes at all. Hence this system which I
propose recognizes the supremacy of the legis-
lative department in the Government and pro-
vides for an equitable representation of the
minority, so that that minority may have a
voice in prescribing by law the mode and man
ner in which all ministerial officers of the Gov-
ernment shall discharge the powers and duties
of their respective offices. If any system can
be devised which will give more absolute power
to tne people I am for it.
In voting under this system the ballots would
be made up substantially as follows:
Republican State Ticket.
For Governor,
For Judge Supreme Court,
For Secretary of State,
For Attorney General,
For Board Public Works,
For School Commissioner,
County Ticket.
For Auditor,
For County Clerk,
For Probate Judge,
For Sheriff,
For Commissioner,
Legislative Ticket.
For Senators—State at Large,
1.   ,
2. ,
3 . ,
4 . .
