436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
consent of the House to present the same
resolution, which lie said he was authorized
by the Commiittiu ori Appropriations to report
foi action at that time. It was precisely the
same resolution which he had asked leave to
introduce on the lirst day of the sesbion after
the holiday recess. Upon that occasion, after
my colleague had made a speech of live min-
utes, i asked permission of the House myself
tu speak for live miuutes. But I did not object
to the House considering his resolution. I
discussed the merits of the resolution, and upon
its merits I declared myself opposed to it. But
it was another member—I forget whether it was
a member from Kentucky, [Mr. McTCeeJ or a
member from California, [Mr. Johnson,J who
made objection to the consideration of tue res-
olution at that time. And it was upon that,
that this lying dispatch was sent to the Chicago
I>aper, saying that I objected to the considera-
tion of the resolution, and therefore it was forced
over. I characterize itas a "lyingdispatch,J'
because it is a lying dispatch, no matter who
wrote it or who prompted it. Considerable
debate took place upon that occasion, upon the
subject of this overland mail contract, and the
manner in which the mails were being carried
under it. As I said before, the consideration
of the resolution of my colleague was not
objected to by myself, but it was objected to
by another member.
On Monday last, a week ago to-day, as will
be recollected, the gentleman from NevrHamp-
shire [Mr. Ela] introduced a resolution. What
was his resolution? It not only proposed an
investigation, but there was incorporated in it
what my colleague had tried to get through the
House before—a provision directing the Post-
master General to suspend payment upon the
contract. On that occasion 1 declared myself
against that part of the resolution directing a
suspension of payment on the contract, bat in
favor of the proposition for an investigation.
It will be recollected, too, that notwith-
standing these newspapers constantly say that
it is_my colleague who has asked for an invest-
igation, they scarcely pay the gentleman from
New Hampshire the compliment of mention-
ing his name in regard to the matter; it
will be observed that iu all these proceedings
in the House, my colleague has never asked
for an investigation of this subject—never.
He has never once moved for the appointment
of a committee. On the other hand, these
proceedings, taken from the Daily Globe, show
that on seven different occasions I have myself
asked for an investigation of this subject; and
on three ot those occasions it was my col-
league who objected. Once when I asked him
to yield the floor to me that I might introduce
a resolution for the appuintment of a commit-
tee to investigate these charges in regard to
the contract of Wells, Fargo & Co., he said:
u_No, 1 will not yield to my colleague; if I
yield to anybody, I will yield to the gentleman
from New Hampshire." Very courteous as
well as very just! On another occasion, it
will be remembered, colleague had the
floor and was farming" it out to various
gentlemen, while I was constantly struggling
to get the eye of the Speaker that X might
obtain the floor for the purpose of offering this
resolution for the appointment of an investi-
gating committee. My colleague constantly
retusmg to yield me the floor for that purpose,
I at last interposed an objection to his u farm-
ing out" the floor to oilier gentlemen, and the
Speaker was compelled to say to him that he
must either surrender the floor unconditionally
or go on with his business. When he under-
took to make a bargain and make the Speaker
a party to that bargain, to surrender the floor
to somebody else and not to me, the Speaker
said to him that the self-respect of the Chair
required that he should not be a party to any
such bargain, and that if my colleague did not
go on with his own business the Speaker would
recognize me as entitled to thy floor. Asaoon
as my colleague discovered the purpose for
which I wanted the floor, which was to offer a
resolution for this investigation, he took up
the thread of his business and went on with it,
refusing to yield to me or anybody else. Yet
I am lashed by reporters under the eye of my
colleague and by his organ m the city of Chi-
cago, and am charged with objecting to the
proposition to investigate fraudulent contracts.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. FaPvIs'^wokth] will allow me to ask
whether he knows the reporter who has been
engaged in this business?
Mr. FARN SWOUTH. I do not,
Mr. HIGBY. I wish the gentleman could
find him out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. At last, sir, in order
to get an investigation of this whole subject, I
was compelled, as my State would not be
called for resolutions during the morning hour,
to go to a gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Co-
burx] and get him to offer a resolution which
I had myself drawn, directing the Committee
on Public Expenditures to make this investi-
gation, and authorizing them to report at any
time. The gentleman, at my request, kindly
consented to introduce the resolution which I
had prepared.
It was for the purpose of setting myself
right, not before the House, (for gentlemen of
the House have been present and have ob-
served the proceedings as they have trans-
pired,) but before my constituents, that I
obtained the floor at the present time. In
corroboration of what I have stated I submit
the following extracts from the Globe:
[From Globe January 6—-Proceedings January 5.]
" Wells, Fargo, and Company,
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I am directed by
theCominittee on Appropriations to offer the fol-
lowing preamble and resolution for consideration at
this time;
"Whereas tho House of Representatives on the
16th December, 1863, referred to tho Committee on
Appropriations the letter from tho Postmaster Gen-
eral in answer to the resolution of the House of the
7th of December, relative to the contract for carry-
ing the overland mail; and whereas it appears by a
communication from D. B. Ball, special agent of tho
Post Office Department, to Hon. G-eorge McCiellan,
Second Assistant Postmaster General, that Wells,
Fargo & Co., tho contractors for the transportation
of said mail, have not provided adequate facilities
for such transportation, and that express matter has
been carried to the exclusion of the mail, which has
been left upon the route 4 day after day and week
after week, both day and night, entirely unpro-
tected;' and that *on the loth day of November
some six thousand pounds of mail matter lay piled
up in an open stock yard at the head of Echo canon
and whereas it is reported by the said agent that
there are strong indications that the agents of
Wells, Fargo & Co. or their employ6s had a hand in
rifling tho letter mail:' Therefore,
" Beit resolved  That the Postmaster General be
directed to make no payment to said Wells, Fargo
k Co. until a full investigation can be made by the
House in regard to the character of the contract
made by said Wells, Fargo & Co. with the Post Office
Department, and the truth of the charges of the said
special agent of the PostOffice Department touching
the delinquency of said firm in carrying tho mail.
"Mr. Johnson. I object to the introduction of the
preamble and resolution at this time.
" Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man will not object to the passage of this resolu-
tion at this time. The state of facts set out in the
preamble shows that this money should not be paid.
41 Mr. Johnson. I have no objection to a resolution
of inquiry. Butlthink weshouldhave more inform-
ation before we pass such a resolution as this.
" Mr. Washrt:r\"e, of Illinois. I then give notice
that on Monday next I will move to suspend tho
rules in order to ascertain whether the House will
pass the resolution at that time." * *■ * *
" Wells, Fargo and Comyauy—Again.
"Mr. Farxsworth. In view of the charges made
in the resolution reported from the Committee on
Appropriations with reference to Wells, Fargo & Co,
and their mail contract, I desire to ask the permis-
sion of the House that a resolution may be adopted
lorthe appointmentot aspecial committee to invest-
igate those charges. 1 do not desire, however, to be
a member of the committee, if it should be appointed.
" Mr. Washburn]-;, of Illinois. The gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] who has oxainined
this subject, holds in his hand a resolution calling for
the appointment of a committee to investigate this
whole matter. The Committee on Appropriations,
who have the Question before them, desire the ap-
pointment of a special committee. I hope that the
gentleman from New Hampshire will bo permitted
to offer his resolution, and that it will be adopted by
the House.
"Mr. Ela. I aak unanimous consent to offer the
following preamble and resolution:
_ Whereas the Postmaster General, in a commu-
nication to the House, December 16, asks 'to have a
committee appointed to investigate this whole mat
ter, (of tho Wells, Fargo & Co. contract,) 'and to
examine into the great expense of this transporta-
tion through an uninhabited wilderness during the
fall and winter seasons, &o that in case an applica-
tion is made for relief Congress can act understand-
ing^ on the subject;' and whereas the regular cor-
respondent of the Boston Traveler ot December 1(3,
1868, makes the following charges:
"'Among the post routes established during the
reign of our Alexander was one two years ago in the
Territory of Arizona. At least it i& supposed the
route was established, from ttio reason that :i con-
tract was awarded to one Mr. Paston, a brother of
the Delegate from that Territory, to carry the mails
over said route for the hand&ome sum of §90,001) per
year.
"'Everything was going on smoothly, and not a
murmur oi discontent was heard about this contract,
for no one knew of it at the time it was made except
the parties directly interested. Nov? for the sequel.
The bill for the first year's service came in, and was
promptly paid by the Department. The affair now
is no longer a secret; but Governor MoConuiek, of
Arizona, learns in an indirect manner that blj0,000 a
year is being expended to carry the mails over a
route in the Territory of which he is Governor. He
examines into the matter, and in a letter to the Post
Office Department, signed in his capacity of Gov-
ernor, and with seal attached, he reports that " not
a singlo letter or an ounce of mail matter has over
been carried over the route." pronounces it a swindle
from beginning to end, and protests against the pay-
ment of any more money. Tho contractor becomes
alarmed, and hastens at once to Washington to fix
up matters. The second year's bill is presented for
payment; but the pay clerk, with Governor McCor-
mick's letter before him, refuses to pay it. An inti-
mate personal friend of Randall's appears on the
scene; has several interviews with him. On the day
following one of these interviews the pay clerk has
a note laid before him. It reads: "Pay this bill.
A.W. R., Postmaster General." The bill is paid, and
the contractor leaves in high glee.
"'But this is not all. The Postmaster General
within a yeo.r has made a contract with a line of
Baltimore steamers running to Havana and touch-
ing at Key "West, to carry the mails, two trips a month,
lor $1,000 a trip, when the regular ocean postage
by all other lines is only seven cents a letter. The
line running from New York was found amply suffi-
cient for the public needs at the regular price. Now
for the result:
During the month of October. 1868, the steamer
Maryland made two trips. All told shecarried borh
to and from Havana, including newspapers, mails
whien, estimated at rate paid for "sea service" would,
amount to $169 01; but instead of this amount the
received the sum of $2,000.
"'The steamer Cuba also made two trips, carry-
ing mails which would have entitled her to $73 48,
but instead of this a check is sent by the Post Office
Department for $2,000.
" 'Again I say, let a committee be appointed which
will investigate the inner workings of Mr. Randall's
Department and not seek to cover up, and evidence
will be found which will startle the whole country.
Give me such a committee and the evidence will be
forthcoming/
" Mr. Farnsworth. I must object to that pream-
ble which embraces simply extracts from newspaper
reports.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. Let the resolution
be adopted, then, without the preamble.
"Mr. Farnsworth. I am willing that a resolu-
tion should beadoptedfor the apointmentofaspecial
committee to investigate these charges.
"Mr. Ela. I ask consent, then, to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
" Jte&olved, That a special committee of five be
appointed to investigate the matters and charges
called for and above set forth, and also the manner
in which the mail service has been performed; and
whether any ru4il service has been increased which
was not warranted; and if so, to what extent and at
what cost; and whether any money has been paid to
contractors without certificate of service performed;
and if so to whom, and by whose order and to what
extent; with power to send for persons and papers,
and to employ a clerk and stenographer, and report
at any time.
"Mr. McKee. I object.
"Mr. Washburne, of Illinois. I ho*>e, then, the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. ElaJ will on
Monday move to suspend the rules, that his resolu-
tion may be offered and adopted."
[From Globe of January 8—Proceedings January 7.]
" Mr. Farnsworth. Isupposeitis known to all the
members of tins House that contracts are made by
the Postmaster General with parties for the convey-
ance of the mails in pursuance of law, and that
tho law authorizes the Postmaster General when the
mails are not carried in accordance with the con-
tract to fine the parties or to withhold sucli propor-
tion of the contract price as it may seem to him
proper to do. But a contract, while it is in existence
between the contractor and the Post Office Depart-
ment of the Government, has the force of law, and
the Postmaster General cannot violate that contract
by refusing to pay unless he has some authority to
do so, and a mere resolution ot the House of Rein e-
sentatives is not sufficient authority to the Post-
master General to refuse to perform his duty. Cer-
tainly a resolution ot the House of Representatives
instructing the_Postmaster General so to do, when
that resolution is based upon newspaper iMia^raphn
or upon the outside statements of individual*, is not
sufficient.
" It will probably be recollected by membeis of the
Hcmse who were here at the last session ot Congress
that Congress amended the law with reference to tho
transmission of the newspaper and document mails
across the continent, opening tho mailsfor the trang-
