1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Executive and Judicial Power—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
For Representatives—State at Large.
1. 
4 . ,
5 . ,
6 . ,
7 . ,
8 . .
For Senators Tenth District, composed of the Counties
of .
1. ,
2. ,
3 . 
4 . .
For Representatives Twentieth District composed of
the Counties of .
1. ,
2. ,
3. .
Congressional Ticket—For Representatives in Congress,
State at Large.
1. ,
2. ,
3. .
For Representatives in Congress, Fourth District, com-
posed of the Counties of .
1. ,
2. ,
3.-
4.-
In electing Representatives to Congress I
have provided that the same system should be
adopted which I have suggested for electing
members of State Legislatures. Every State
entitled to less than eight Representatives in
Congress should elect them on one ticket for
the State at large. In each State entitled to
eight members and over, the number to which
they are entitled should be divided by four,
and the State apportioned into as many dis-
tricts as there are products of such division,
the additional number of members to which
they are entitled if there be any, to be elected
for the State at large as General Loqan is now
elected by the State of Illinois. Thus in Ohio
we should have, until a new apportionment
was made, four congressional districts, in each
ofwhichfour Representatives to Congress would
be elected and the remaining three members
would be elected by the State at large. Under
this system every voter in Ohio would vote for
seven Representatives to Congress; or, if he
preferred to do so, he could, by alternative and
cumulative voting, give his seven votes to any
one candidate. Thus a minority in Ohio, if
they numbered a fraction above one seventh
of the voters of a State, by uniting on one can-
didate, could secure one Representative in
Congress, and in no event could they elect a
greater number of Representatives than they
would be entitled to by the number of votes
which they were able to cast.
If it be suggested that the electors in States
having but one or two Representatives would not
have equal political power with electors in the
larger States, I answer that they are more than
compensated by the two Senators which repre-
sent a small population in the Senate. It
requires no argument to show that this system
would do much to destroy the baneful effects
of party spirit; that it would check the use of
money at elections and prevent the great frauds
which are yearly becoming more and more
alarming. In addition to tliis it would tend to
secure the services of the ablest men in Con-
gress and in State Legislatures. The men who
were nominated and elected to the senate and
house for a State at large, as a rule, would be
the ablest men each party could select in the
State. So also of Representatives to Congress ;
the people of the whole State having a right to
vote for one, or two, or three Representatives
to Congress for the State at large would be care-
ful to select gentlemen of well-known ability
and fidelity. In this way able and faithful and
experienced men would be retained in public
life, because local factions and the local am-
bitions of aspirants could not be so successfully
used as now to defeat them. More would be
expected of a man who was nominated and
elected to the Legislature for the State at large
than of a local candidate from almost any
county, and so of a man nominated and elected
by a State at large as a Representative to the
Congress of the nation.
This plan is so just and fair that it must
sooner or later commend itself to the great
body of thinking men in the country. Each
voter should have the right to say on his ballot,
"J desire to be represented by the candidate
whose name I have placed opposite No. 1. I
therefore cast all my votes for him. If he should
obtain more than the quota of votes necessary
to elect him% or if he should fail to obtain a
sufficient number and thus cannot become my
Representative, I direct that my vote be trans-
ferred to the candidate which I have designated
as No. 2, he being my second choice;"' and so
on, under the same conditions, to the number
of candidates for whom each elector is entitled
to vote.
If the system of electing the President and
Vice President by the appointment of elect-
oral colleges is to be maintained, then they
ought to be elected by districts and States as
I suggest in case of Congressmen, and not in
single districts as proposed by the constitu-
tional amendment which has just passed the
Senate and is now on our table. One of the
amendments which I have suggested to that
amendment is in my opinion far preferable,
and yet I do not intend to vote for it, even if
adopted as an amendment to the Senate prop-
osition; Iineanthe amendment which I offered
a day or two ago, which provides for the ap-
pointment of electors of President and Vice
President by the Legislatures to represent the
will of the voters as expressed by them at the
general election. I would be very glad, how-
ever, to have the opportunity of voting for the
proposition which I made at the last session
and again at this, which provides for the nom-
ination and election of the President by a
direct vote of the people by ballot. If we are
to have a President at all, I want him elected
directly by the qualified voters of the nation.
I am opposed to the single district plan be-
cause it does not secure an equitable repre-
sentation to the voters of the nation. Under
that system a minority of the whole people
have elected a President and would be able to
do so again. It is true, as my friend [Mr.
Williams, of Indiana] suggests, that the mi-
nority have and may again elect the President
under our present system. I prefer, however,
to retain that system, imperfect as all admit
it to be, until we can adopt abetter one. The
scene which transpired in this House on Wed-
nesday, when counting the electoral vote,
ought to be a warning to the statesmen of the
nation. It developed in a practical manner
the weak and dangerous point in our system
of electing the President. If the rejection of
the vote of a State by Congress should at any
time happen to change the result of a presi-
dential election the consequences would be
fearful.
Suppose, when counting the vote the other
day, there had been three or more candidates for
President, (as there have been several times,)
and that each candidate had received a number
of electoral votes, and the friends of the defeated
candidates had united and thrown out the vote
of one or more States, so that it would defeat
the person having a majority of all the certified
votes returned, and thus have defeated an
election by the Electoral College and brought
the election into this House. Can any man con-
template such a contingency without alarm ?
In a full House of two hundred and thirty-three
members thirty-eight men from the small
States by uniting could elect the President,
and if they saw fit to do so they could select of
the three candidates before the House the per-
son having the smallest number of electoral
votes. Do gentlemen suppose the people of
the country would submit to such injustice with-
out a fearful struggle? Of course no sane man
pretends to defend a system which invites such
conspiracies, and which makes such scenes as
we witnessed last Wednesday possible when
counting the electoral vote. Let any Congress
assume to throw out votes enough to change
the result of a presidential election and they
will inaugurate revolution.
I am asked by gentlemen around me if I
would sit here and count the vote of a State if
the certificate was a forgery, or if the election
in the State had been carried by force or fraud.
I answer certainly not. If compelled to vote
I must vote for what I believe to be right and
let consequences take care of themselves ; but
if I voted to reject one or more States and
their rejection changed the result of the elec-
tion I would be voting for that which would
inaugurate revolution. And I will say, in
passing, that no question of contest as to the
validity of a presidential election should ever
be permitted to come before Congress. If
frauds are committed or force is employed in
any State the question should be settled either
in the district courts of the United States for
the district in which the fraud or force was
alleged to have been practiced, or in the courts
of the county in which the fraud or force is
charged. These are the courts before which
such questions should be determined, and the
parties contesting the validity of such election
should be permitted to elect before which of
these courts they would bring the case. The
question of the validity of any election being
thus adjudicated and passed upon by a judicial
tribunal in the locality where the alleged frauds
were charged, Congress would have no other
duty to perform than to count the vote as re-
turned and officially proclaim the result.
But, Mr. Chairman, all this is a digression
into which I have been drawn by the suggestions
and questions of gentlemen around me. Let
me now go back to the question of representa-
tion which I was discussing. I was speaking
of the unfairness of the plan of electing presi-
dential electors in a single congressional or
electoral distriet. There is hardly a State in the
Union which elects four or more Representa-
tives to Congress in which the minority party
could not, if they had a majority in their State
Legislatures, (as the Democratic party have to-
day in Ohio, and the Republican party in New
York.) so gerrymander the State into electoral
districts as to secure a majority of presidential
electors in the State to the candidate of their
party. If electors should be appointed as I
propose Representatives in Congress shall be
elected, an equitable representation would be
secured to the minority in each State in exact
proportion to the number of votes cast by each
party and all motive for gerrymandering would
be removed. If the single district system
should prevail the Republican party having a
majority in the Legislature of New York could
and probably would so district the State as to
secure a majority of the electors of President
and Vice President to their party candidates,
although the State should go largely D emo cratic.
The Democratic party in Ohio could so district
the State as to secure a majority of the presi-
dential electors to the candidate of their party,
although the State might be carried largely by
the Republican party.
Of course, such a plan is entirely indefensi-
ble. The fact that Mr. Lincoln and General
Grant received a larger number of electoral
votes than the Republican party carried con-
gressional districts, including the senatorial
electors, is no argument iu favor of the district
system. No system is defensible which defeats
the will of the majority, or which fads to se-
cure to the electors of the entire nation an
equitable representation. No man who lias
given this subject proper reflection will claim
that the electors of the nation have ever had an
equitable representation in the Electoral Col-
lege for the choice of President and Vice Pres-
ident, from the organization of the Government
to this hour. The Republican representation
in this House for the past eight years Juts been
out of all proportion to the vote east lor that
