214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Beps.
Executive and Judicial Power—Mr. Ashley.
40th Cons. ... 3d Sess.
party, as everybody admits. In the Senate the
inequality and injustice to the minority has been
far greater. In 1824 Jackson had a larger pop-
ular vote than Adams and Crawford combined,
yet they secured 26 more electoral votes than
Jackson, which carried the election into the
House of Representatives, where Jackson was
defeated. At that election Jackson had a
larger popular vote than both Adams and Craw-
ford and agreater number ofelectors than either,
and yet was defeated. Jackson's vote was 99,
Adams's was 84, and Crawford's was 41. Of
courseall remember that Mr. Adams was elected
by the House of Representatives.
In 1832 Jackson was elected over Clay, hav-
ing a majority of the popular vote, as also a
majority of the Electoral College. But if any
one will divide the total vote by. the number of
electors, he will find that Clay, who only
secured 49 electors, ought to have had 119,
making a difference of 70 votes, and double
that number as between Jackson and Clay, as
the 70 were taken from Clay and given to Jack-
son. In 1852 the candidates were Pierce,
Scott, and Hale, and the popular vote and the
number of electors which each received were as
follows, (this statement also shows the ratio for
each elector chosen:)
Presidential election, 1852.
Popular vote. Electors. Ratios.
Pierce  1,585,545 254 8,242
Scott  1.383,537 42 32,846
Hale  157,296
3,1-6,378 296
Pierce had 254 votes, Scott 42 votes, and
Hale none. Theinjustice of this must be very
apparent to every one. Divide the whole vote,
3,126,378, by 296, the whole number of elect-
ors, and the ratio necessary to elect one elector
at that election was 10,562 votes, and yet the
Pierce electors were elected by a ratio not
exceeding 6,242, while the ratio for the Scott
electors was 32,846, or more than six times the
number required to elect the Pierce electors,
while Hale, with 157,296 votes, did not secure
one electoral vote. If the vote had been equit-
ably divided, as I propose, Pierce would have
had 150 votes, Scott 131, and Hale 15 votes.
Pierce having a majority of the popular vote
over both Scottand Sale would, of course, have
a majority over both of the electoral vote, and
would have been the President. The inequal-
ity and injustice to the electors in 1860 is so
glaring that I desire to call special attention
to it:
Presidential election, 1860.
Popular vote. Electors. Ratios.
Lincoln 1,866,452 180 10,369
Douglas 1,375,157 12 114,596
Breckinridge  817,953 72 11,777
Bell  590,631 39 15,144
4,680,193 303
Mr. Lincoln did not receive a majority of
the popular vote, yet he had a large majority
of the electoral vote. Douglas had but 12 elect-
oral votes, with 1,375,157 votes, while Breckin-
ridge and Bell together had 111 electoral votes,
although their combined popular vote was less
than 64,000 more than the popular vote for
Douglas. Each of Douglas's electors had
114,596 votes, while each of Mr. Lincoln's
electors had but 10,369 votes. If the electors
had been apportioned according te the popular
vote Lincoln would have had 121 electors,
Douglas 89, Breckinridge 55, and Bell 38.
At the election for 1864 the vote was for—
Popular vote. Electors. Ratios.
Lincoln  2,223,035 213 10,436
McOlellan  1,811,754 21 86,274
_lhe mean ratio is 17,224 for an electorj
Lincoln therefore ought to have had but 129
electoral votes, and General McClellan should
have had 105 electoral votes.
Election for President in 186S.
r. ,, Electors. Ratios.
«rant  3,016,353 214 14,090
Seymour  2,706.631 80 33,832
The mean ratio at this election is 19,499.
This would have given General Grant 155
electors, Seymour 139 electors.
With these facts before us, the injustice and
danger of our present system must be apparent
to all. Under it the minority have and may
again elect the President. The same inequal-
ity and injustice will be seen if the returns for
the election of members of this House are ex-
amined. If the electors who voted for Grant
and Seymour were equitably represented in the
next House the Republican majority would be
far less than it will be. For these reasons I
oppose the proposition to elect the President
by appointing presidential electors in each
State by single districts. If this system should
prevail the motive for gerrymandering would
increase, and the Legislatures of the several
States mightprovide, as was done in Maryland,
I believe, in 1284, when they provided that
the senatorial electors for that State should be
elected in the third and fourth congressional
districts. The Legislature of Ohio, if Demo-
cratic as now, could,provide that the two sen-
atorial electors should be elected in the two
strongest Democratic districts in the State;
and the Republican Legislature of New York
could provide that her senatorial electors should
be elected in the congressional districts in
which her Senators actually resided. Any sys-
tem which encourages the perpetration of such
frauds upon electors must be met with prompt
and unyielding opposition. If, as I have said,
the Electoral College system is to be main-
tained, then I feel warranted in saying that the
statesmen of the country will prefer the adop-
tion of some plan which will secure to the
electors of each State an equitable representa-
tion in the Electoral College. This cannot be
done by electing them in single districts, nor
as now by the State at large.
It is not necessary for me to repeat what I
have heretofore said in this House and else-
where, that I am utterly opposed to the present
mode of electing the President, either by elect-
oral colleges or by the House of Represent-
atives. The honest and fair way is the one
which is easiest and freest from complications,
and that is to nominate the several candidates
for President under the safeguards and protec-
tion of law, and elect by a direct vote of the
qualified electors of the entire nation by ballot.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to see Mr. Hare's
system adopted in this country., because I be-
lieve it to be the most philosophical ever pre-
sented for securing an equitable division of
political powerin a republican Commonwealth.
John Stuart Mill, in his work on representative
government.
" Of all modes in which the national representation
can possibly be constituted, this one affords the best
security for the intellectual qualifications desirable
in a representative. At present, by universal admis-
sion, it is becoming more and more difficult for any
one who has only talents and character to gain admis-
sion to the House of Commons. The only persons
who can get elected are those who possess local in-
fluence or make their way by lavish expenditure.
"In no other way which it seems possible to suggest
would Parliament be so certain of containing the
very elite of the country. Not solely through the
votes of minorities would this system raise the intel-
lectual standard of the House of Commons. Major-
ities woMd be compelled to look out for members of
much higher caliber. When the individuals com-
posing the majorities would no longer be reduced to
Hobson'schoiceofeithervotingfor the person brought
forward by the local leaders or not voting at all,
when the nominee of the leaders would have to en-
counter not only the candidate of the minority but
of all the men of established reputations in the
country who were willing to serve, it would be im-
possible any longer to foist upon the doctors the first
person who presents himself with thecatchwords of
the party in his mouth and three or four thousand
pounds in his pocket."
Mr. Chairman, nothing has been more suc-
cessfully used in this country by small dema-
gogues to defeat able representative men than
the clamor of the spoils hunter for "available
candidates" and for "rotation in office." These
men demand party success at whatever cost of
manhood or consistency. With this cry party
discipline has been successfully invoked and
constituencies have voted to place men in office
who were known by them to be intellectually
and morally unfit for any honorable public posi-
tion.
Is the candidate "available," asks the timo-
server. If so, that is enough. No spoils hun-
ter is so indiscreet as to inquire about the
character or ability of his candidate. Every
person of experience knows that as a rule the
"available man" has no individuality, and that
political availability is everywhere a synonym
for political mediocrity and that nothing so
delights the heart of respectable conservatism
as stupid mediocrity.
Let any man make careful inquiry into the
character of all the men who for the past quar-
ter of a century have been members of this
House and he will find, to speak within bounds,
that more than one third of the entire number
have been, as Mr. Benton says, "mere birds
of passage," whose entrance here was often as
great an astonishment to themselves as it was
to the statesmen of the nation. He will also
find that a large proportion of these "birds ot
passage" came here by theforce and power oS
party machinery and the cooperation of the
Executive, who desired the presence of such
men that they might do his bidding, after
which, by common consent, they were to be
" rotated out," and receive as a reward for their
fidelity to the "powers that be" some petty
office; or he will find that they were nominated
and elected because they were the representa-
tives of money-bags rather than the represent-
atives of ideas, or that they were political non-
descripts, without intellectual ability enough to
form or express one distinct political idea, bui
with low cunning enough to follow the pro-
gramme prescribed for them by wiley party
managers.'
I am sure no man who has looked into our
political history will say that I overdraw the
picture. Of course all know that as a class
these are the men who have always deceived
or betrayed constituencies ; and yet in every
congressional district in the United States
where the party majority is small and the dis-
trict doubtful stupidity with money can win
the day at the next election against brains
with ideas. In Great Britain at the late elec-
tion John Stewart Mill, one of the ablest and
most philosophical statesmen of that country,
was defeated by a mere popinjay, whose only
recommendation for a seat in Parliament was
his money-bags. Mill was known and respected
in all parts of the civilized world, while the
man who defeated him was not known beyond
the circle of the clique which nominated him,
and undoubtedly never would have been but
for his money.
In this country money is being successfully
employed more and more every year to elect
" political noodles " to Congress. The system
I propose will, if adopted, secure the election
of the ablest men in the nation and banish the
baneful spirit of partisan bigotry. It will also do
much to destroy the political power of the Judge
Noodles with money-bags ; the Captain Kid-
Glove Owls of codfish brigades, and the Major
Blowhards, with neither brains nor money,
unless, on the new theory attempted to be in-
augurated here, "brass" should be substituted
for that " relic of ancient barbarism."
Mr. Chairman, defective as our represent-
ative system is admitted to be, and faithless
as have been many of the people's chosen ser-
vants, I can testify to the fact that, though this
is called a money-loving and a money-wor-
shiping age, I have been associated here in the
past ten years with men in the administration
of Government who believed in something
higher than the god of Mammon.
Since the war of the rebellion I have been as-
sociated with a party a majority of whose mem-
bers have been free from all schemes of public
plunder orpeculation, a majority of whom have
also been as true as the needle to the pole in
their defense of human rights. Beset as they
