1869.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
40th Conu....3d Sess.
National Currency—Mr. Deiveese.
Ho. of Reps.
were on every hand by apostacy and treason,
by temptation and the allurements of power,
they have kept the faith and made a record
which will grow bright with time.
A great battle has been fought and a com-
plete victory won for the establishment of a real
Republic. In this grand battle soldier and
civilian alike have participated and are entitled
to equal honor. The one was a necessity to
the other. Without the unselfish heroism of the
soldier and the fidelity of Abraham Lincoln and
bis.faithful coworkers in the national Con-
gress, defeat would have been inevitable.
During these memorable years I count it a
great honor to have been intimately associated
with some of the grandest men who ever repre-
sented any people. To their fidelity and the
heroism of the soldier we owe our redemption
as a nation. To this same class of men we
shall owe in the future our progressive de-
velopment in moral power and material gran-
deur. Much has been accomplished; much
also remains to be accomplished. The history
of the past is not without its encouragements.
There is a place for all and labor for all. Let
no effort be relaxed, and let no man grow weary
or turn back in despair. He who battles un-
selfishly for the right, ever and always grows
stronger and stronger. To-day the nation be-
gins to realize that the divine command em-
bodied in the " golden rule," and coming to
us down the centuries, is breathing its spirit
into the hearts of millions, quickening the faith
and strengthening the heroic purpose of every
noble man and woman. With this quickening
faith the old anti-slavery guard went forth,
strong in heart and brave in purpose, to battle
for the rights of mankind. In that great con-
flict. they were as true as the law of gravita-
tion, and labored long and faithfully for the re-
organization of the Government on the basis
of complete justice. Free from selfishness,
without concealment and without compromise,
inspired with this great purpose, they patiently
endured mob violence and the persecutions of
maddened men. Though often assailed they
assailed not again. In their lives they were as
beautiful as the morning, tolerant as charity,
and gentle as the spirit of peace. I can never
tire in my praises of these grand men and wo-
man. In our anti-slavery triumph and national
regeneration behold the fruits of their labor,
which transcends even the hopes and expecta-
tions of enthusiastic poets and philosophers. To
them we owe a country redeemed, regenerated,
and disinthralled from the despotism of slavery,
a country which to-day is presided over by the
genius of universal liberty and universal peace.
National Currency.
REMARKS OF HON. J. T. DEWEESE,
of north carolina,
In the House of Representatives,
February 22, 1863,
On the bill to authorize the issue of a national cur-
rency, te assure its stability and elasticity, lessen
the interest on the public debt, and reduce the
rate of interest.
Mr. DEWEESE. Mr. Speaker, in address-
ing the House in favor of the bill "to author-
ize the issue of a national currency, to assure
its stability and elasticity, lessen the inter-
est on the public debt, and reduce the rate
of interest," introduced by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, Mr. Butler, 1 may with
propriety begin by quoting the language used
by Sir Robert Peel, who, in introducing the
bank act of 1844, said:
"There is no contract, public or private, no en-
gagements national or individual, which is unaf-
fected by it. The enterpvisesof commerce, the profits
of trade, therelations of society, tbo wages of labor,
pecuniary transactions of the highest amount and
the lowest, the payment of the national debt, the
provision for the national expenditure, tho com-
mand which the coin of the smallest value has over
all the necessaries of life are all affected by the de-
cision to which we may come on that great question
which I am now about to submit to the considera-
tion of the committee."
I regard the passage of this bill as a measure
of importance second to none that has been
brought before this House since the creation
of this Government; it is, in my opinion, the
best, as it is the only feasible plan of relief from
the excessive evils under which we are now suf-
fering. The remedies offered so freely in both
Houses will in my view serve only to aggra-
vate, not cure the disease. I earnestly hope
the gentlemen of this House have given or will
now give to this bill the careful consideration
it deserves. I know the apathy prevailing upon
this subject. I know the difficulty of obtaining
a hearing upon it, but it is a matter of too vital
and universal importance to be dropped into
oblivion. Strong convictions on this difficult
question are not to be pnt down by authority ;
and when they happen to be right, as I feel
sure mine are, I can only hope for their vindi-
cation by oft-repeated efforts to impress the
reason of the people, that tribunal of last resort
which tests all we do or say. Progress of opin-
ion upon this subject is, always has been, and
always will be slow; and although I cannot
hope to add any weight to the argument of the
gentleman who introduced this bill, I will do
what I may to answer some of the objections
that have been made to it. I will try to in-
fluence the opinions of the people by stating
the reasons which have operated to convince
me of its propriety and lead me to urge its
passage.
I have been long convinced that the evil
most grievous to be borne, and which is and
has been making in this country, as in all
others, the rich richer, the poor poorer, central-
izing the wealth of the country into the hands
of the few at the expense of the many, rob-
bing the laborer to enrich the capitalist, is our
unjust and unequal laws relating to money.
The laboring classes of all civilized nations
have always been and now are as a class poor,
although wealth is the production of labor.
Had there not been something then interven-
ing to prevent the natural results the laborers
would have possessed the wealth.
In our own country, where land is compar-
atively cheap and where labor commands a
greater reward than in any other, some cause
is operating with continual and continually-in-
creasing effect to separate the production from
the producer, to take the wealth from those
who create it and give it to others. The wrong
has for a long time been evident, and many are
the schemes that have been devised to remedy
it, but its true source has been but recently
discovered, is now but little understood. Hence
it is only recently that a plan has been pro-
posed competent to prevent the wrong. There
is a remedy, simple and effectual. It is to be
found in part in theprovisions of this bill. I say
in part, for I think that the limitation of the
issue of the currency proposed, to the payments
made by the Government and to such persons as
may choose to deposit therefor United States
bonds bearing six per cent, coin interest, will
soon have to be modified so as to permit the
issue of the currency upon other securities : but
with this defect, which may at any time be
remedied, it is a long way m advance of any
proposition relating to the currency I have yet
examined, unless 1 may except the bill intro-
duced last winter by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cary.]
Believing, as I do, that this bill when made
a law will possess great and beneficent power, I
urge its passage, that we may speedily put it
into operation and save the laborers, the pro-
ducers of this country, from the oppression,
degradation, and misery which have befallen
the laboring classes of all other countries, and
which is rapidly approaching them in our own.
I affirm that the monetary systems of the world
are a disgrace to the civilization of the nine-
i teenth century, placing, as they do by enact-
ment of law, power in the hands of a few cap-
italists to trample in the dust the rights of the
laborer, on whom we depend for the food we
eat, the clothes we wear, the houses we live
in, and, in fact, for every comfort and luxury
of life. The wealth of the United States is
estimated at $20,000,000,000, and the popu-
lation at thirty-seven million, and yet one half
of this great wealthis owned by one hundred and
eighty-three thousand men. Estimating five
persons to each family these wealthy men and
their families would number nine hundred and
fifteen thousand persons ; two and a half per
cent, of the population of the United States
own as much wealth as the remaining ninety-
seven and a half per cent. I think that this
estimate is rather under the actual figures than
above them ; that in fact one half of the wealth
of the country is owned by less than two and a
half per cent, of the population.
If there be any who doubt that this small
percentage of the population own half the
wealth of the country let them single out the
wealthiest men of their own neighborhood and
see if half of the wealth is not owned by two
and a half per cent, of its population. Now,
unless this two and a half per cent, of the pop-
ulation have contributed as much labor physic-
ally, intellectually, or morally for the com-
mon benefit as the remaining ninety-seven
and a half per cent, have, some wrong is done
to this large majority. It is quite clear that
they have not contributed an equal amount,
and a grievous wrong is committed in divert-
ing to the few the products of the many. The
wrong is that a national standard of value like
money, forming as it does the foundation of
contracts, regulating the award of property,
limiting all minor rights of freedom of con-
tract, location, and occupation, and which a
whole nation is compelled to use, must, if it
be variable and uncertain, as that of every coun-
try of which I have any knowledge now is,
affect injuriously the interests of every indi-
vidual, except the great capitalists, as far as
the money circulates. Our money has thus
operated to the prejudice of the laboring man
and the advantage of the capitalist; and now
when, as an example of our prosperity, I am
requested to observe the palaces of the wealthy, -
filled as they are with every luxury that art can
create, I reply that a luxurious upper class,
however elegant, if enriched at the cost of the
poor laborer, is not an evidence of national
prosperity; on the contrary, it is the surest
evidence of national decay.
The present rates of interest on money en-
able theo'vners of property to demand an undue
proportion of the products of labor for the use
of property, and laborers are compelled to
make agreements under these circumstances,
and a very large proportion of the people are
really wronged out of the earnings of their
labor by the unjust operation of the laws. The
laborers who produce present products should
receive a large proportion of them ; capital-
ists who do not labor, who produce nothing,
should receive only a small proportion of re-
ward. The reverse of this is now true, and
the unfair distribution is caused by an unjust
legal standard of distribution. Distribution is
regulated by the standard of value, the me-
dium of exchange, which is money.
The Special Commissioner of the Revenue,
for whose industry and abilities I have due
respect, tells us that among the agencies now
operating adverse to our national development
is an irredeemable paper currency. If by an
irredeemable paper currency the Special Com-
missioner means a currency not convertible
into gold or silver at the pleasure of the holder,
then must I differ from the gentleman, for I
stand here an advocate of an inconvertible
paper currency, believing that it will, if fixed
upon the basis provided for in this bill, prove a
stimulus and not a binderance to our natjonal
development and progress.
I hear but I do not heed the clamor of those
