1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
things work together I cannot quite Bee. He
certainly cannot reduce both the appropria-
tions very well* If he cuts off the lettcr~car-
riers and the boxes he must provide for clerks
to take their places and to deliver the letters
at the post offices. If they are not to be deliv-
ered by messengers you must appropriate
money to pay for clerks at higher salaries to
wait upon the customers at the post office and
deliver the letters there. The Committee on
Appropriations propose to cut down both, to
reduce the appropriation for clerks $500,000,
and to reduce the appropriation for messen-
gers a like amount. The result will be that a
universal protest will come up from all the
cities of less than one hundred thousand inhab-
itants where the system has gone into opera-
tion ; and besides that you will have a large
deficiency bill at the next session of Congress.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting $700,000. I make that
motion for the purpose of ascertaining a little
more with reference to this letter-carrier sys-
tem. Do I understand the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Fahkswohtu,] the chairman of
the Post Office Committee, to say that in his
district there are cities that have the letter-car-
rier system ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir ; I did not
say that. I said there are some cities in my
district that are entitled to have the letter-car-
rier system, although I believe they have not
got it.
Mr. ALLISON. There ought to be some uni-
formity with reference to this letter-carrier
system. The gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Ueaman,] who has charge of this bill, now pro-
poses to enlarge the present provision of the
law, as I understand it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no ; to limit it.
Mr. BEAMAN. The proposition is to limit
it.
Mr. ALLISON. To enlarge it in the sense
I am about to speak of; that is, as I under-
stand it, to extend it to cities having a popu-
lation of one hundred thousand or more. The
gentleman from Michigan reads us a list to
show that this is a losing business in every city
where it is now used. Now, I do not believe
that cities of the smaller class that now have
this system will consent to give it up, or that
cities smaller still will fail to ask the Post Office
Department to extend thisletter-carriersystem
to them.
Now, this is either a good thing or it is a bad
thing. It should be abolished altogether, and a
system of penny postage in place of it estab-
lished in largo cities, or it should be extended
to all cities of twenty-five thousand inhabit-
ants or more. In my own district there are one
or two cities that feel that they should have this
letter-carrier system, because it is a con venience
to people to have their letters left at their own
doors instead of being compelled to go to the
city post office on the arrival of each mail and
stand there in a crowd until they can obtain
their letters.
Now, it may be an expensive system, and
carried on in ail expensive way; but I do not
believe that the small pittance paid the letter-
carriers in these cities is an extravagant ex-
penditure ; therefore I would extend the priv-
ilege, and will modify my amendment so as to
have this system extended to cities of twenty-
five thousand inhabitants, or more, instead of
one hundred thousand, as moved by the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Beamax.] I believe
it' it is a good system it should be extended to
cities of twenty-five thousand or more inhab-
itants.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. It seems to me that
the question before the Committee of the Whole
is a very simple one. Ithasalready been shown
here that this letter-carrier system is not self-
sustaining.
Mr. FA ENS WO RTH. Yvhat does the gen-
tleman mean by saying that this system is not
self-sustaining?
Mr. Bli/AMAN. I will tell the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSW O il'J II. It is a tree delivery.
Mr. BEAMAN. It is a free delivery, so far
as the recipient of the letter is concerned. But
there is a charge upon the people of this country
of $1,000,000 annually. It pays nowhere; it
pays in no city in this Union.
In a city like New York or Philadelphia there
may, perhaps, be some sort of excuse for main-
taining this system, because, among other rea-
sons which may be assigned, there is great dif-
ficulty in the clerks remembering such a large
number of boxes as they would be required to
keep in their minda in order to be able to dis-
tribute the letters correctly. But, except in
the large cities, I see no excuse for keeping
up this letter-carrier system. _
On what principle can this House excuse
itself for voting $1,000,000 from the people for
the purpose of accommodating a few cities,
leaving the remainder of the country to pay its
share of the entire expense? It is said to be
a great convenience. I submit it would be a
great convenience to every farmer in the coun-
try to have his mail brought to his door.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. BEAMAN. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. Is there any recommenda-
tion from the Postmaster General in regard to
the change he proposes?
Mr. BEAMAN. No; not that I am aware of.
Mr. LYNCH. Let me ask another ques-
tion.
Mr. BEAMAN. Very well.
Mr. LYNCH. Does the gentleman know
of any reason that applies to the free delivery
of letters by carriers in the city of New York,
or in all large cities having a population of
more than one hundred thousand that does not
apply to cities with a population of one hun-
dred thousand or less?
Mr. BEAMAN. I have already said that
there is some reason for it. But I am not
standing up here to insist that this system shall
exist in any city.
Mr. LYNCH. Then why not strike out this
item altogether?
Mr. BEAMAN. The Committee on Appro-
priations cannot strike it out altogether.
Mr. LYNCH. Why not?
Mr. BEAMAN. Becauso there is a law
requiring it to be made. But I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman moving to strike out the
entire paragraph.
Mr. STOVER. Will the gentleman yield to
me to make that motion?
Mr. BEAMAN. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to make that motion after this
amendment has been disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I do so, with the under-
standing that the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, if the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Bkamax] has proved anything, he
ntas proved that the letter-carrier system ought
to bo taken away from all the cities. It is
rather invidious to propose to take away this
convenience from the smaller cities and reserve
it to those where, as the gentleman shows, it
is a loss ; for the figures he has produced have
related entirely to those largo cities. But, sir,
I am not for taking it away from any of them ;
I would rather extend the system.
I hold that in the motion made by the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. BeaMan] we have
one of the strikinginstances occasionally mani-
fested here of an effort to take a step backward
in civilization. If there is anything that ought
to be so far as possible free it is the carrying
of information. We should endeavor to dis-
seminate knowledge in the cheapest way pos-
sible in all parts of the country and throughout
every locality. The argument advanced in
favor of the present proposition is an old argu-
ment. I heard it here in Congress some years
agovwhen some of us were contending for low
postage. It was then argued that a reduction
of postal charges could not possibly be made ;
that with reduced rates the Post Office Depart-
ment could not sustain itself; and figures were
produced to support that position, just as fig-
ures are now produced to establish the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Michigan. Sir,
the gentleman's figures are, in my estimation,
good for nothing, because they omit the prin-
cipal element that ought to be embraced in the
calculation. Suppose you pay more for letter
carriers in a city than you derive from the local
postage, what does that prove? Nothing. Let
it be understood by the citizen of a large town
or city that a letter carrier will come twice a
day to his residence to leave any letters that
may be sent to him, and he will write four let-
ters, upon which he pays the postage, while
otherwise he would write but one letter. Take
the post office away from any locality, and not
one letter wi 11 be written there, while ten would
be written if the people enjoyed the conven-
ience of a post office. Convert your daily mails
into weekly mails, and you will find that you
will carry no more in your weekly mail than
you .carried before in each of you daily mails.
Shakspeare has said—
"How oft the sight of means to do ill deeds
Makes deeds ill done."
And so it is with the doing of goods deeds.
In everything opportunity provokes perform-
ance. And just as you afford facility, ease,
convenience to the people of the country to
send and receive their correspondence they
will write more letters. The gentleman from
Michigan has not adverted at all to these indi-
rect advantages arising from the letter-carrier
system; he has spoken only of the direct ad-
vantages. I hope we shall take no such action
as that proposed in the gentleman's amend-
ment. If we make any change we should
extend the present letter-carrier system to
towns of five or ten thousand inhabitants, or
else make it obligatory upon the Postmaster
General to employ these mail carriers in every
one of the larger places instead of continuing
his present discretionary power as to cities
having less population than sixty thousand.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STOVER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and if it were in order I would move to
strike out the whole appropriation for letter
carriers. Why should we not go to the root
of this matter at once ? We are told that neces-
sity requires that this letter-carrier system
should be kept in operation in the great com-
mercial centers. Is not that an argument that
the Government of the United States shall pay
for additional facilities to advance the con-
venience of gentlemen in these large cities?
We are told that this letter-carrier system is a
great convenience. I know that it is a great
convenience; and, sir, it would be a still greater
convenience if every business man were pro-
vided, at the expense of the Government, with
a little boy to receive the letter at the front
door, take it to the desk, open it, and place it
ready for perusal. But, sir, most of my con-
stituents have to travel many miles to obtain
their letters ; the majority of them receive a
mail only semi-weekly, and a large portion of
them not onee in two weeks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Who pays for car-
rying the mails to those little offices?
Mr. STOVER. Who pays for carrying the
mails to these little offices! Why, sir, the
men who assist in carrying the mails to the big
offices.
Mr. jFARNSWORTH. It is the people of
tjjg cities.
Mr. STOVER. The people of the country
have to pay their share. My constituents, who
receive a mail once in two weeks, and have to
travel twenty miles to get it, have to help to
keep up this convenience for the people who
live in large cities. I say that the whole sys-
tem is wrong, and this paragraph ought to be
stricken out. If it is a convenience for the
commercial centers and they require it, then
let them pay for the luxury.
