1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
40th Gong—2d Sess, Destruction of Territorial Governments—Mr. Burleigh.
Ho. of Reps.
interest is worth twice as much as one that can
be loaned for but six per cent, just as stock
that yields annually a revenue of twelve per
cent, is worth twice as much as one that yields
a dividend of but six per cent. The value of
money as much depends upon its legal power
to be loaned for an income as the value of a
farm upon its natural power to produce or as
the value of a horse upon his ability to perform
useful labor for his possessor. Another power
of money is to exchange value; it is made by
law the public representative of value, and
when the interest is fixed at a just rate it is
fitted to perform the duty of money; that is,
the equitable exchange of property. Money
is not merchandise, and it differs in this:
articles of value are designed to be actually
used or consumed; money, the medium of
exchange, is designed to be continually ex-
changed for articles for use and consumption.
If the material of money is used as a commod-
ity, if coins be converted into spoons, the
owner must keep them to make them useful;
they no longer represent value, measure value,
accumulate value by interest, nor are they ca-
pable of exchanging value. Having now con-
sidered what money is, and having, as I hope,
clearly shown that it is but a combination of
legal powers expressed upon metal, paper, or
any other substance; that its value is the stand-
dard determining the value of all other things,
while it serves as a medium of exchange for
land, labor, and all merchandise, I hope 1 have
at the same time made it plain that the natural
powers or intrinsic value of any material do
not make it money; that be the material what
it may its powers as money are all legal and
delegated. Some material is necessarj' to
which shall be delegated by law the powers I
have named as belonging to money. Gold and
silver were early selected, because they were,
in proportion to their bulk, possessed of great
intrinsic value by reason of the quantity being
small. I object to the use of these metals as
the material of money, because the quantity is
so limited and because it is so expensive. The
material of money should be plenty, cheap,
and easily portable. All these requisites are
found in paper.
The claims made for gold and silver, as the
materials formoney, that their value isinherent
and that it always remains the same, have no
foundation in fact. Gold fell in value about
seventy-five per cent, upon the discovery of
America ; it has fallen nearly twenty-five per
cent,, since the discovery of the rich mines of
California and Australia, and as these mines
are more fully developed and more econom-
ically worked it must continue to fall; but if
it should become as cheap as iron it would not
then be so valuable as paper for the purposes
of money, paper being so much more portable
and so much more cheaply made into money.
The quantity of gold and silver being limited
and made the agent of these legal powers, it
becomes necessary to acquire its possession to
discharge debts and to make purchases; hence,
its owners are enabled to extort from the neces-
sitous a.very high price for its use. If gold
were not used as money it would fiud its level
as a commodity; its abundance would not
cause an inflation of business, or its scarcity
produce distress. Should we continue to use
gold as a currency its increased quantity would
only render more bulky and abundant an
instrument of exchange the chief merit of
which has always been thought to consist in
its scarcity and its portability.
The Governments of the world have endeav-
ored to fix by law the rate of interest as well
as the nominal value of the dollar, but their
measures have always been but half measures
and have accomplished little or nothing. The
Government has fixed a value upon coins, pre-
scribed their weight and fineness, denounced
severe penalties upon those who should coin
money even of the same weight and fineness.
If money bo not the creation of law, if it be
but a commodity as many contend that it is,
why have Governments taken so much care to
reserve the right to make it, and why is it that
it can be at all times exchanged for all other
products and property, and that all other more
necessary commodities are at certain times
esteemed almost worthless compared with it?
It is answered that it is because it is made by
law the legal tender for debts that it has this
superiority over every other commodity. The
answer proves that it is not a commodity, for a
legal tender is a creation by law of certain
properties which do not belong to any sub-
stance, but which are made to represent all
substances. Human reason is useless, given
to man only to juggle and confuse him, or the
proposition that money is the creation of law,
its value not depending upon the material of
which itis made, is true. Resumption of specie
payment, even were it possible to-day, would
not take the power out of the hands of the
moneyed despots. A low rate of interest, one
that corresponds to the accumulation of value
of other property, is the only means to prevent
the tyranny of the moneyed men of the coun-
try. I will not say more upon the various
schemes for changing the value of our present
currency to put it upon a specie basis than that
in my opinion none of them are possible, and
an attempt to enforce either or any of them
would create such wide-spread ruin as to speed-
ily convince the members of this House that
they had attempted to force upon the people a
measure more disastrous in its consequences
than would be an attempt to reeuslave the col-
ored people of this country.
To secure a low and uniform rate of interest
we must provide for the funding of the cur-
rency in bonds bearing a low rate of interest,
which are again exchangeable for currency at
a slightly increased rate of interest. Let us
pass this bill, provide a cheap currency, reduce
at once the rate of interest we are paying the
public creditors, and so take a weight off the
shoulders of the tax-payers. Let us reduce the
public expenditure wherever it is economical
so to do. If the Army and Navy are superflu-
ously large, as I think they are, let us reduce
them, for every dollar unnecessarily spentupon
either is dissipated, destroyed, and wasted.
So far as it is necessary for the peace and pros-
perity of the nation I favor the support of
armed men and ships, but every dollar spent
beyond that necessity is stolen from the labor-
ing men of the country, and it shall not be
done with my consent. We must take care
that what we get in the way of security is worth
all it costs. We have no right to spend the
people's money except it be clearly for the
good of the whole people. Reduce the Army
and Navy, providing liberally for our wounded
and disabled officers and soldiers ; cut down
the civil list to the lowest limit consistent with
the proper discharge of the public business,
and with the prosperity of the laborers we shall
see a true prosperity of the whole people.
Destruction of Territorial Governments.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. BURLEIGH,
OF DAKOTA,
ix the House of Representatives,
February 22, 1869,
In opposition to the bill (II. K. No. 1623) providing
for tlie destruction of the territorial governments
of Dakota and Utah.
Mr. BURLBIGII. Mr. Speaker, in present-
ing the memorials and remonstrances of the
citizens of Dakota against the passage of the bill
reported to this House by the chairman of the
Committee on the Territories, which provides
for the immediate destruction of the territorial
government of Dakota and contemplates the
annihilation of Utah at an early day, I will say
that, in my judgment, it is one of the most
unjust and impolitic measures thathas ever been
reported by a committee for the consideration
of Congress. Unwise in its inception, as it will
be found crucl and oppressive in its operation
toward the people of the Territories, I think this
House cannot fail to see—what I know to be
true—that its inevitable tendency will be the
destruction of all confidence in the future action
of Congress, by rendering insecure the rights
and privileges of our citizens after having been
guarantied by organic laws.
None of the rights and immunities which
Congress guarantied to the people of Dakota
when it gave to them a territorial organization,
none of the privileges which they acquired
under their organic law, or which have been
conferred upon them by local legislation had
in conformity to that law, are by this bill re-
spected in the slightest degree; on the contrary,
they are utterly ignored, while the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Territories,
for himself and his colleagues, in the blandest
and most deliberate manner proposes to re-
duce to a state of vassalage the whole popula-
tion of a great Territory, in extent four times
as large as the State of Ohio, by this most
extraordinary and despotic act. Has it really
come to this, that Congress will allow any one
man to arrogate to himself and exercise the
high prerogative of devising schemes for chang-
ing the boundaries of sovereign States and anni-
hilating thegreat territorial organizations of the
country at his own imperious will and pleas-
ure? When before in the history of our national
legislation has anything of this character been
undertaken or thought of even? Never. So
far from it, the boast of the American citizen
has ever been that the safeguards of liberty are
the common inheritance of all; the weak as
well as the strong, the poor as well as the rich.
In 1861 the Territory of Dakota was organ-
ized by a solemn act of Congress. Emigration
was invited there by that act. From almost
every State of the Union people flocked to that
new Territory, settled upon its fertile lands,
established their homes, and became law-abid-
ing citizens. The Government guarantied
them protection, they in return rendered to the
Government a loyal obedience. Owing to the
distractedcondiiion of the country and to the
almost continuous Indian wars which raged
within our borders our growth was slow, but
steady and permanent. Our Legislature met,
and in strict conformity with the organic law
which Congress gave us we established our
courts of justice, located our capital, and
erected our public buildings by private enter-
prise, for Congress refused to build them for
us. as had been done for other Territories, we
believing that the plighted faith of this Gov-
ernment was a reality, and not a mere myth.
But, sir, how great is our disappointment.
We are met here to-day, after having removed
to these Territories with our families and prop-
erty, after having spent years of toil there and
suffered privation and want, and are stunned by
the heartless proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, which proposes nothing less than the utter
annihilation of our territorial organizations,
the bankruptcy of our most enterprising citi-
zens, and the blasting of all our bright hopes
of the future. These, sir, will be the inevit-
able consequences of the passage of this bill so
far as Dakota is concerned.
By the organic act of March 2,1861, creating
the territorial government of Dakota, (see
Statutes-at-Large, volume 12, pp. 239 to 244,)
Congress provided for a republican form ot
government, having all of the guarantees ol the
E'ederal Constitution and of said organic act.
(See section sixteen, page 244.)
The Legislative Assembly had power under
the twelfth section of said act " to locate and
establish the .seat of government for said Ten i-
tory,1' and it was located and established at
Yancton in the autumn of 1861—a point most
eligible for such purpose. The government for
the Territory thus authorized became fully
