218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
40tii Gong....2d Sess. Destruction of- Territorial Governments—Mr. Burleigh.
Ho. op Reps.
organized in the year 1861. and the citizens of
other States emigrated to the new Territory in
large numbers upon the faith of the organic
act. Then they purchased lands and erected
buildings, imported flocks and herds, put up
large and valuable improvements at Yancton,
the capital, for the use of the Federal officers
and the Legislative Assembly. The people who
cameinto the Territory established their homes
and mude improvements with especial refer-
ence to the location of the capital, the estab-
lishment of the territorial roads and highways,
and the location of a railroad from Yancton to
Sioux City, connecting with all of the lines
north of the Ohio river leading to the Atlantic
and the Pacific oceans. The population of
Dakota has now reached more than twenty
thousand souls, and the value of their improve-
ments and property of all kinds amounts to
many millions of dollars. The value of the
buildings and much of the real estate depends
upon the continuance and preservation of the
territorial government under its organic act
until the people shall apply to become a State;
and all the improvements in the Territory were
made upon the faith of the express declaration
and promise on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment that the people should be guarantied a
republican form of government, with a fixed
capital, established roads, highways, schools,
and other advantages arising from a govern-
ment of the people under said organic act and
the Constitution and laws of the United States.
Whether it be considered by this House good
law or not, I accept as good common sense the
principle that this organic act, connected with
the settlement of a considerable portion of the
Territory and the full organization of the gov-
ernment under it, creates a solemn compact
between the United States and the people of
Dakota, that they shall be protected in the
peaceful enjoyment of that government so
established until Dakota becomes a State of
this Union. To destroy that government and
annihilate Dakota by attaching a portion of
its lands and people to Nebraska, and another
portion ot its lands and people to Minnesota,
would be as great a political outrage as was
the partition of Poland.
Pass this bill, and at one blow fifty percent,
in value of all their improvements would be
lost, and the people would be subjected to State
taxation by two States for debts which they had
no voice in contracting. To what end had
these pioneers on the outposts of civilization
fought the savages, the wild beasts, and en-
dured all the hardships of such a life, if the
plighted faith of the Government is to be
broken, as this bill proposes, and they are to
be transferred as vassals or serfs to other State
governments without their consent?
When Congress passed that organic act and
opened up Dakota's broad prairies to settle-
ment it extended a free and general invita-
tion to the people of all the States and Terri-
tories " to go in and possess the land." With
that invitation the Federal Government guar-
antied lull and ample protection of life, liberty,
and property to every law-abiding citizen who
should go there. There was an implied and an
express contract entered into on the part of
the United States with the citizens of Dakota
that they should be protected in the enjoyment
of every privilege, in the free exercise of every
civil and political right, among the chief of
which was the form of government created by
the organic law. The people of Dakota have
performed and fulfilled all the duties and con-
ditions imposed upon them by this organic act;
their rights have become vested and perfected
under the common assent of all departments
of the Government; and ever since the crea-
tion of the Federal Constitution there is not
to be found a single instance of .the destruc-
tion of an organized territorial government by
act of Congress. From these territorial gov-
ernments all of our States, except the original
thirteen, have sprung and the assent of all
administrations for eighty-five years past, and
of every Congress since the adoption of the
Federal Constitution, in this uniform process
of creating territorial governments, that after-
ward became States, is conclusive against the
nefarious object and design of this bill, to
inaugurate a plan for the destruction of govern-
ments without the consent of the people, who
are the only true source of political power.
What necessity is there for this assault upon
the people of Dakota? Who asks for it ? No
one except the Committee on the Territories in
this House. No one is to be benefited by it.
Why, then, is the national faith to be broken,
this Congress to be dishonored, and the people
of that Territory to be beggared, as will be the
case if this bill becomes a law ?
The people of the Territories which this bill
seeks to destroy do not ask for this unprece-
dented legislation; nor do the States to which
the dissevered and mutilated fragments are to
be attached ask for it. It comes in here upon
the sole motion of the honorable chairman of
the Committee on the Territories, who insists
that the sins of the inhabitants of Utah, like
the blood of murdered Abel, '' crieth unto him
fromtheground" for vengeance; andthatUtah
must be wiped out from the map of the nation
on account of the sinful practices of its people
and the anti-republican teachings of its pro-
phets. But, sir, the destruction of Utah is not a
sufficient sacrifice ; it is too small a sin-offering
for the cause and the occasion. The close of the
gentleman's term of most valuable and merit-
orious service in this House is too important an
event to be allowed to pass unnoticed and un-
chronicled. With Utah, Dakota also is marked
for destruction, for annihilation.' This great
Territory, of more than one hundred and sev-
enty thousand square miles, is to be blotted from
the map of the nation. Not, however, for sins
committed or sins conceived; not for anti-
republican teachings or anti-republican tend-
encies, but for the all-important and vital
purpose of making a prettier national map, just
to please the scholars, and perhaps for the fur-
ther purpose of turning over to Nebraska that
portion of the Territory lying south of the Mis-
souri river which has recently been set apart
for the use of the Sioux Indians, whose pres-
ence will require large supplies and heavy dis-
bursements of money. It is not to be suspected
that the remote prospect of a seat in the United
States Senate from an adjacent Territory has
had anything to do with this plan to destroy
Dakota and enlarge the boundaries of Montana
and Wyoming.
But wherein is the beauty of the national
map improved even ? Look at it and you will
find its boundary lines extended, with all the an-
gles, triangles, and distortions that the science
of geometry can devise. The sutures of a
monkey's cranium are symmetrical when com-
pared with them, while its improvement is as
difficult to comprehend as is the wisdom or jus-
tice of the measure here proposed. What a
luminous idea! How pregnant with every prin-
ciple of profound statesmanship is this wonder-
ful conception of territorial reform ! Doesany
person regard the necessity of a pretty map with
beautiful lines and multitudinous angles as
paramount to the maintenance of national faith
in standing by the guarantees of protection to
life, liberty, and property which this Govern-
ment has pledged to its citizens, or for a mo-
ment suppose that by congressional action vice
can be eradicated from the nation, or from a
State or a Territory even ? As well might you
attempt to legislate the sun from the heavens
or banish from the hearts of men by legislative
power their natural fondness for the fair sex—■
a slight excess of which appears to be the sole
cause of Utah's present discomfiture. There
must be some^ other cause for this extraor-
dinary proceeding, although I am compelled to
admit that I have failed to discover it. It can-
not be supposed that political combinations are
being made by which new capitals are to super-
sede old ones, regardless of the interests and
without a word of consultation with tho parties
to whom Congress has already conceded this
right.
But if my conclusions have been at fault,
if the honorable chairman of the Committee on
the Territories be sincere, and is really weeping
over the sins of Utah and is struggling with
more than prophetic zeal to purify the moral
condition of its people and protect the fair
daughters of that Territory from the practices
of the patriarchal age, I mean no disrespect
when I say, in my judgment, he has displayed
less than his usual legislative acumen on this
occasion by failing to intrust the management
of this bill to some older and more infirm mem-
ber of the House, whose silvery locks, attenu-
ated form, and furrowed cheeks—in striking
contradistinction to his own—requires no spe-
cial plea to convince this body beyond all
question of his sincerity, and that the contem-
plation even of polygamy is abhorrent to every
feeling of his virtuous nature.
However much we may desire moral reform-
ation, both individual and national, we cannot
forget the fact that the only power by which it is
to be effected is a moral power, and that for some
wise and inscrutable purpose the Almighty has
withheld it in a great degree from legislative
bodies, while He has reserved it as His own
special prerogative, to be exercised in His own
time and at His own good will and pleasure.
But, sir, if the reasons which have been
urged by the gentleman for the dismember-
ment of Dakota are valid and worthy the con-
sideration of this Congress, why, I ask, have
they been allowed to slumber so long ? Why
were they not urged at the time of its territo-
rial organization ? If they really exist now,
with our rapidly increasing population, accu-
mulating wealth, and multitudiuous interests,
how much more did they exist then ; with how
much more force and propriety might they
have been pressed before the Congress of the
nation breathed into its organization the breath
of political life. Why this strange and unpar-
alleled neglect in the discharge of this great
public duty, by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on the Territories ? Has it not been
his especial province for many years past
rather to care for the feeble, uphold the weak,
and wait upon the great mother of Territories
and States ; to sit by her bedside during the
tedious hours of travail and administer to her
his own favorite "maternal relief" as she
brought forth these children of promise, two
of whom the venerable accoucheur now desires
Congress to slaughter, cut up, and throw their
mutilated remains to two elder and two younger
members of the same family? Is there any
good reason for the extraordinary action here
proposed ? Is there anything unnatural, is
there any deformity in the case of these two
offspring of one common parent, both of whom
have grown up under the scrutinizing eye and
nursing care of the gentleman from Ohio?
Does their vigorous youth in any way
threaten the safety of our national family, its
prosperity, or the extension of its power?
Nothing of the kind is pretended, and I en-
treat him to exercise those parental virtues,
patience, forbearance, and nursing care, which
will do much toward removing the evils com-'
plained of, to abandon his rash design, to stay
his "uplifted hand and outstretched arm,"
and not strike the murderous blow which he
has so deliberately aimed at these two children
of the great mother of States, both of whom
were conceived and born in lawful wedlock,
beneath the Dome of the nation's Capitol and
the "star spangled banner," and were bap-
tized in the creed of our national faith in the
presence of both Houses of Congress, every
department of the Government acting as spon-
sors, and received the certificate of birth and
baptism under the great seal of the Republic.
But, sir, if the inhabitants of Utah have
sinned by adopting the patriarchal custom of
