1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
which gentlemen have spoken. I do not un-
derstand it to be any proposition of that kind.
No one is proposing to withhold mail facilities
from the people or to curtail the mail service.
What does the amendment now under consid-
eration contemplate? As I understand it, its
object is simply to reduce from $1,000,000 to
$500,000 the appropriaxion for carrying letters
from the post offices to the doors of the people
residing in the large cities. Am I not correct
ia this?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is both ways.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is it not for carrying the
mails from their doors to the post office?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. From the mail-boxes
to the post office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the proposition;
to carry the mail in Washington city across F
street, perhaps a hundred yards. Let me tell
the gentleman that some of my constituents
have to travel ten miles to get their mail.
When we go to the Post Office Department and
ask for increased mail facilities we are met
with the statement, that they cannot be afforded
because there is a deficit of six to eight million
dollars. When our people petition for a new
post office, or for placing mail service upon a
particular route, so that they may not be com-
pelled to go fifteen or twenty miles for their
mails, they are told that the Post Office De-
partment cannot help them because of the
deficiency in the revenues of that Department.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman unite
with us in asking that no district shall have a
mail which is not self-sustaining?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No; that is a different
matter. If that were adopted we would never
get a mail to or from Montana; and the people
of other remote places would be deprived of
mail facilities.
Mr. SCHENCK. Missouri, too.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The people who build
up a country, who penetrate into the wilder-
ness and make settlements there, are as much
entitled to mail facilities as those who live in
large cities. I say the men who go out to pen-
etrate the wilderness, who level the forests,
who brekk up the land for cultivation, and who
go into the mining districts for tbe purpose of
producing the means by which the national
debt can be paid, are entitled to mail facilities,
and I will not unite with the gentleman or any
othergentlemento withhold mail facilities from
them. The question is whether we shall bring
the mail to the doors of the people in the large
cities. If they cannot get along with $500,000,
then let them do as we do, and walk five or ten
miles to get their mail.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing the debate on
this paragraph.
Mr. GETZ. The best way to close debate
is for the gentleman to close debate.
Mr. BEAMAN. I will ask, by unanimous
consent, that debate be closed on the pending
paragraph.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. STOVER. I move to strike out the
whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will first
recur on the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Beaman.]
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 23, noes 51: no quorum voting.
Mr. BEAMAN. I propose we let the amend-
mentpass, with the understanding that we shall
have a vote in the House.
Mr. HIGB5T. I object.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rules, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Beaman and Mr.
Schexck.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ay es 04, noes 53 ; no quorum voting.
The Clerk then proceeded, under the rule, to
call the roll; and the following members failed
tD answer to their names:
Messrs. Adam?, Anderson. Arnell. Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Baldwin. Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Bout-
well, Bowen, Bovden. Boyer, Brooks, Buckley, Gaka,
Gary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Clift, Cook, Cor-
nell, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Bockery, Dodge. Don-
nelly. Driggg, Edwards,-James T. Elliott, Fields, Fox,
French,G-sirfield, Golladay.'G-ovc. Gravely, Griswold,
Haight, Halsey, Harding, Hill, Holman, JElolchkiss,
A«ahel W. Hubbard, Richard !). HubbardrHulburd,
Hunter, Iasersoll, Kellogg, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott,
Lash, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan.
Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy. MoCormiek,
McCullough, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell. Hor-
rissey. Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Jtewsham. Nichol-
son, Norris, Nunn, Ortb, Perham. Pettis, Pike. Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Pruyn. Randall, Robinson,
Roots, Selye, Slieliabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith,Spald-
ing, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Tnffe,
Thomas, Tift, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Van
Auken, Burt van Horn, Robert T. Yan Horn, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Vidal, "Ward, Cadwalader 0.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry B. "Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen
P. Wilson, and Wood.
The committee rose; and Mr. Boutweli,
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Poland reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the post office appropri-
ation hill under consideration, and finding
itself without a quorum had caused the roll to
be called, and had directed him to report the
names of the absentees to the House.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn—ayes 29,
noes 54.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is there a quorum pres-
ent?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No quorum
has answered as yet.
Mr. KELSEY. We shall be under tbe neces-
sity of having a quorum during the evening ses-
sions, and for the purpose ot determining it I
now move a call of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. By unanimous consent I
would like to make a suggestion, which is that
it is within the power of the House to agree to
consider this bill with a minority in Committee
of the Whole.
IJr. STEVENS and Mr. ELDRIDGE called
for the regular vote.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Kelsey fora call of the House ; and it was
agreed to—yeas 52, noes 30.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll,
when the following members failed to answer
to their names :
Messrs. Adams. Anderson, Arnell. DelosR. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Benton,Bingham,Blackburn,Boles, Bowen,Boyden,
Boyer, Brooks, Buckley. Cake, Cary, Chanler, Header
W. Clarke, Clift. Cook. Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, Del-
ano, Dixon, Doeker.v, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Ed-
wards, Eggleston, James T. Elliott, Fields, Fox,
French, Garfield, Golladay, Gove, Grarely, Griswold,
Haight, Halsey, Harding. Hill, Hotchkiss. Asahel W.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Ingersoll. Kelloffg, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Lash, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan. Logan, M ! 1 ory, M ar-
shnll, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, McCullough,
McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Morrissey,
Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Nicholson, Norris, Nunn,
Orth, Perhum, Pettis, Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pom-
eroy, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Roots, Selye, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, Taffe, Tift, Lawrence S, Trimble, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,Rob-
ert T. Van Born, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Vidal,
Ward, Cadwalader C, Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burnc, Henry 1). Washburn. William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, John T.Wilson,Stephen F.Wilson,
and Wood.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FERRISS moved that the further call
be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not iu
order, as a quorum has not yet answered.
The roll-call having been concluded,
TheSPEAKERpro tempore said: The Door-
keeper will now close the door.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I ask that my colleague [Mr.
Logan] be excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore._ The Clerk
will proceed with the calling of the roll for
excuses.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that Schuyler
Colfax be excused.
The SPEAKE R pro tempore. That motion
is not in order, inasmuch as it is never a rule
of the House to call the name of the Speaker
if he happens not to be in the chair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. His is the first name oil
thelist, I believe. .
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll of
absentees for excuses.
George -M. Adams. No excuse offered.
George W. Anderson. No excuse offered.
Samuel M. Arnell.
Mr. BROOM ALL. Mr. Arnell is absent
on leave.
The SPBAKERpro tempore. He is excused.
Delos R. Ashley. No excuse offered.
Alexander H. Bailey. No excuse offerod.
Jehu Baker. No excuse offered.
John D. Balbwin. No excuse offered.
Nathaniel P. Banes. No excuse offered.
Demas Barnes. No excuse offered.
William H. Barnum. No excuse offered.
Jacob Benton.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to excuse Mr.
Benton on account of ill health. He has been
suffering for some days.
The motion was agreed to ; and Mr. Bentou
was accordingly excused.
John A. Bingham.
Mr. BUCKLAN D. My colleague, Mr. BlSTG-
ham, is quite unwell and has been so for sev-
eral days. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Bing-
ham was accordingly excused.
W. Jasper Blackburn.
Mr. SYPHER. He is absent on account
of ill health.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that Mr. Blackburn has leave of
absence. He is therefore excused.
Mr. JOHNSON. As no member from Mas-
sachusetts will do it, I move to excuse Mr.
Baldwin on account of his age and size.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from California whether he intends
to say to the House that the gentleman whose
excuse he now moves is too old to be a mem-
ber of this House?
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all; not at all.
Mr. DICKEY. The proposition is to excuse
him on account of his age and size.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. "Would it be in order to
allow the gentleman from California to state
his age and size? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not
be in order.
The question was put on the motion to
excuse Mr. Baldwin : and there were—ayes
39, noes 42.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr, TABER. Mr. Barnum is absent on
account of illness in his family. I move that
he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to appeal to my friend from California
[Mr. HlGBr] to withdraw his demand for a
count and let us go on with business. I want
to say to the House that the business of tlw
country is pressing us very strongly.
Mr. "ELDRIDGE. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask my
friend to hear me out.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts does a great deal of talking
here, and we never get a chance to talk on this
side. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRISS. I move to dispense with
further proceedings in the call. 1 do it in-
tending immediately to renew the motiou for a
call of the House to ascertain what persona
have left the Hall since they answere.d to their
names.
The motion was disagreed to.
Thomas Boles.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Boles is confined
to his room by serious illness. I mova that
he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
C. C. Botven. No excuse offered.
Nathaniel Boydex.
Mr. HEATON. My colleague, Mr. Boydek,
is undoubtedly absent this evening <>n account
