1869;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
ator objects to affording us that little protec-
tion. Slate and slate-pencils, a large manu-
facture of Connecticut, are protected by forty
per cent.; common castile, and all like soaps,
thirty per cent.
So you may go through with the list. As I
said before, there is not a button or a jews-
harp, not a clock or an article that is produced
in Connecticut that is not, on an average, in
my judgment—1 have not looked it over accu-
rately—protected by forty or fifty per cent, ad
valorem,.
Then you may take other articles. Take
back-saws not over ten inches in length, on
which the duty is seventy-live cents per dozen
and thirty per cent, ad valorem; over ten inches
in length, one dollar per dozen and thirty per
cent, ad valorem', files, rasps, and floats not
over ten inchcs in length, ten cents per pound
and thirty per cent, ad, valorem,. So you may
go through with every article produced in Con-
necticut, and you will find the protection about
in that ratio. And yet the Senator says he can
run his factories if you abolish all duties ; he
asks no odds. I presume it is because the Sen-
ator knew nothing at all about the tariff or its
application to the manufactures^ Connecti-
cut. While this enormous protection is granted
to everything that Connecticut produces, when
we come in and ask for a protection amount-
ing to twelve and a half per cent., or there-
abouts, upon a product in which $50,000,000
is invested, he is unwilling to grant it.
Mr. President, there is not a single article
produced in the United States that lam aware
of on which the protection is so small as that
which we ask for this copper interest. This
copper interest is not confined to the State of
Michigan. Tennessee, Vermont, West Virginia,
California, and other States are interested as
well as Michigan ; and let me say that the Cali-
fornia mines, the richest mines in the United
States, are stopped to-day, are not raising a
single pound, because yon do not grant them
this little protection. They could mine copper
enough there, for aught I know, to supply the
world, but they cannot raise it in competition
with the Brazilian ores.
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. "VViiyte]
was likewise mistaken in his figures, and very
greatly mistaken. He says that the whole pro-
duct of the Lake Superior mines is nine million
pounds a year. Sir, the product of the Lake
Superior mines has amounted to more than
seventeen million pounds a year for the past
four years. Then, again, he says that the con-
sumption is about twenty-five thousand tons.
The consumption of copper amounts to only
aliout twelve thousand live hundred tons, or
twenty-five million pounds a year. That is the
whole consumption.
Mr. WHYTE. The Senator will permit me
to correct him. I said twenty-five million
pounds.
* Mr. CHANDLER. Then I misunderstood
the Senator. I stand corrected. Michigan alone
furnishes seventeen million pounds of that
twenty-five million pounds, and has done so for
the last four years on an average. _ Other parts
of the United States have supplied so as to
make up over twenty out of the twenty-five
millions. So the product, instead of being one
third of the consumption of the United States,
is four fifths of the consumption to-day, and
with this little protection we can supply the
whole consumption within one year. Why, sir,
the amount of copper produced last year would
amount to $5,000,000 in gold. That would
have gone out of the United States in gold for
the purchase of that copper but for the pro-
duct of these mines. Are you prepared to say
that these mines shall be shut up and your gold
<ro abroad for the purchase ot copper, when
the earth is filled with the mineral that you
require? , ,,
But, sir, tho Senator was mistaken m another
respect. The Senator is not conversant with
the facts, 1 presume, and has been deceived
by those who were either interested or inten-
tionally deceived him. I wish to call his at-
tention, and the attention of the Senate, to a
few statements of facts made by him, that they
may be corrected. The Se nator says :
"A quintal is one hundred and one and forty-four
hundredths pounds.
Ore usually costs in South America three dollars per
quintal, which is, per ton of 2,240 pounds $66 54
Export duty about    1 00
Commissions for buying and shipping, five per
cent ..  3 34
Cost of sampling, assaying, &c  1 nu
Freight, £3i>s. sterling  15 lA
Total $87 61
" One ton of eighteen per cent, ore is four hundred
and three pounds copper, molting copper in ore cost
twenty-one and three quarter cents per pound in
gold, not including any duties or exchange."
Now, Mr. President, I hold in my hand a
price current, printed in Valparaiso, Chili, on
the 9th day of December, 1868, wherein these
ores are named, and I presume this is as late
advice as the Senator has from Valparaiso. If
he has any later, I shall be very happy to stand
corrected. This was the public advertisement
of the prices on that day, in the most influen-
tial paper in Valparaiso:
"Fourteen thousand quintals of ore, yielding
twelve and one third per cent., at 85 10-100 cents
per quintal; fourteen thousand quintals, yielding
twenty-five per cent,, $2 81 25-100 cents, free on
board."
That is under three dollars a hundred for ore
yielding twenty-five, not eighteen, per cent.
The Senator has been mistaken in his figures.
They do not, import ores yielding eighteen per
cent. They import ores yielding twenty-five
per cent., and rarely do they go below that, and
never if they can help it. Now, sir, ores yield-
ing twenty-five per cent, were sold on the 9th
of December last at $2 81J free on board.
Then I find quotations of six thousand quin-
tals at $2 75, and again at $2 81} free on board.
So you see, Mr. President, that instead of
being three dollars per quintal, as^ he states,
for ores yielding eighteen per cent., it is $2 81^
per quintal for ores yielding twenty-five per
cent., or nearly one third more. So it makes
a very material difference in the cost of the
article. I have here the estimate, reckoning
twenty-five per cent, ores, mark you, at three
dollars per quintal, which is eighteen and three
quarter cents more thanjfle price current of
those ores was on th#$th day of December.
Theestimate is eighteen and three quarter cents
above the cost:
"The published statement of Mr. Martin that
* c opper ore costs in South America (Chili) ordinarily
three dollars per quintal/ is not true of eighteen per
cent, oi es, and his figures in this connection are a
gross perversion of facts.
"The following figures show the approximate cost
of copper in Chili ores landed in the United States,
(^** It^may be remarked that three dollars per unit is
above the average price paid in 1868 for eighteen per
cent, ores in Chili on shipboard, and that freights
have varied from twelve to fifteen dollars to the
U v'aufaraiso, October S, 1808, copper ores of
twenty-five per cent, purity were costing S2 iO Per
' unit.' delivered on board ship at the ports ot dull.
"But suppose we take a higher price, say three
dollars pei unit, the cost.of copper m the ores, deliv-
ered at New York or Baltimore, would be as iollows:
Twenty-five per cent, ores at three dollars per "unit"
of one per cent, per ton of ore  Uu gold
Freight to United States at fifteen dollars
per ton of ore     15 00 gold
Duty five per cent, on seventy-five ciol-
   " <^goid
Cost in United States per ton of twenty-
two hundred and forty pounds, duty
paid:
UUUUIOU. v -vV
*  $93 7o gold
"A ton of twenty-five per cent, oreswould yield in
fine copper five hundred and sixty-two pounds, which
would cost, landed in New York or Baltimore, as
above, §93 15, or sixteen and three quarter cents per
pound gold."
Sixteen and three quarter cents a pound, in-
stead of, as the Senator's informant stated,
twenty-one and three quarter cents, ana this
duty paid. It makes a great difference whether
these ores yield twenty-five per cent, or eight-
een per cent., and it is some difference whether
* The difference in exchange at Valparaiso in favor
of shippers, usually from seven to nine per cent.,
would cover the coat of commission, msuranee, ana
potty charges.
they cost two dollars and seventy-five ceuts or
three dollars a unit.
Eighteen per cent, ores at three dollars per unit
would cost per ton on board ship   00
Freight, to United States  15 00
Duty, five per conk  2 id
Cost per ton landed in the United States, duty
paid*   $71 79
" Eighteen per cent, ores would yield four hundred
and three pounds of fine copper per ton of ore; cost-
ing in New York or Baltimore in the ore $71 70, or
seventeen and seven tenths cents per pound gold.
" But the Atlantic coast smelters would, of-course,
import ores of twenty-fivo percent., and thus savein
freight.
"Mr. Martin's published assertion thatthccopper
in Chilian ores costs twenty-one and three quarter
cents per pound gold, not including duty, (and not
counting tho cost of smelting,) is an amazing un-
truth."
Mr. Martin, it seems, is the man who fur-
nished these figures. Now, Mr. President, I
have no doubt that whoever furnished them
has deceived my friend from Maryland, and
that he has stated them without any knowledge
as to the actual facts. I hold in my hand the
Valparaiso West Coast Mail of December 9,
1868, which shows the exact cost of these
ores free on board at that date. The figures
that I have now presented here may be relied
upon ; and J trust, with this explanation, that
this bill will be allowed to pass without further
amendment, and as it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to correct
a statement that I made to the Senate yester-
day, on the authority of a distinguished mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, in which
I think we were both in error. I stated that
the gold price of copper was twenty-five cents
a pound. I am now satisfied that that must, be
erroneous. I was partially misled into making
the statement by the statement of Henry Mar-
tin, president of the Baltimore Copper Com-
pany, who says that the net cost of a ton of
fine'eopper, not the fluxed ore, is, when landed
in the United States, twenty two and a half
cents per pound in gold. Making a proper
allowance for fluxing it, I suppose the states
ment made to me by a member of the House
of twenty-five cents was not unreasonable ; but
I am satisfied now from examining the prices-
current shown to me by the Senator from Con-
necticut and the Senator from Vermont that
probably the currency price of copper is about
twenty-five cents a pound, so that the rate of
duty on copper ore, according to the terms of
this bill, will be something in the neighborhood
of from fifteen or sixteen to seventeen per
cent., counting the gold price of copper ^ at
about eighteen or nineteen cents apound, which
1 think is about the price of copper delivered
here. It may be quoted a little less in foreign
markets by the foreign valuation.
I desired to make this statement merely be-
cause on questions of precise facts I prefer to
be accurate rather than loose. I made the
statement I did yesterday on the authority of
a member of the House and a member of the
committee who reported this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Ohio desires to be strictly accurate. The
foreign valuation is the valuation on which an
ad valorem would be levied if we had an ad
valorem duty. This being a specific duty it
amounts to a larger sum than even that now
named by the Senator. As the foreign cost of
copper is not quite sixteen cents, varying from
fifteen to sixteen cents, a duty of five cents a
pound on copper would be something like thirty
or thirty-three per cent., and on the ores the
duty here proposed would amount to something
like twenty or twenty-one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated the cost here m
gold.
Mr. CHANDLER. The rate of duty fixed
by this bill does not amount to over fifteen or
fifteen and a half per cent, on the ores.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It amounts
'The difference in exchange at Valparaiso in favor
of shippers, usually from seven to nine per' cent.,
would cover the cost of commission, msuranee, ana
petty charges.
