444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
to precisely three cents a pound on all the cop-
per contained in the ore.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is very easy to figure.
Ores are worth to-day twenty-four cents, and a
duty of three cents in currency would be twelve
and a half per cent. Any man can figure that
out without any difficulty. Then there is to be
added simply the premium or difference be-
tween gold and currency. *
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the Sen-
ator makes a mistake. Our duties are not
levied on the currency value nor on the home
value; they are levied on the gold value
abroad.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I gave notice
yesterday that I had one or two amendments
to move to this bill; and to the one with which
I begin I think there can be no objection by the
Senators from Michigan. I propose to intro-
duce, after the word "enumerated" in the
fourteenth line, the words "including sulphate
of copper or blue vitriol," the object being
to give that article, blue vitriol, the same pro-
tection with copper. On that I shall content
myself with reading a precise statement which
I have received from a business firm.
Mr. CHANDLER. Allow me to ask the
. Senator whether he can tell what proportion
of copper is contained in blue vitriol?
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is something
about that in what I am going to read now.
Mr. CHANDLER. My impression is that
there is a very large proportion of copper in
it, and therefore it is included in the amend-
ment already adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I took noticeofthatamend-
ment, and 1 think it does not cover it.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the chief component
part is copper, as I am informed, it is covered ;
but I shall not object to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not suppose the
Senator would object to it. With his permis-
sion I will read the statement to which I have
referred, so that it may be of record. These
writers Say:
"The copper interest no doubt needs protection;
but it would be ruinous for us if the bill as passed
the Ilouse should become a law unless a correspond-
ing increase was made to the duty on blue vitriol,
every additional cent a pound oncopper being equal
to one quarter of a cent on blue vitriol, and unless
tins is done, by assisting the copper interest in the
way proposed, you would close every blue vitriol
establishment in the country. You will readily see
the great importance of this question, and we beg
that you will immediately take such steps as will
prevent the bill from passing the Senate unless an
amendment of the above import accompanies it."
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no objection
to this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand there is no
objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have another amend-
ment, which I propose to come in as a proviso
at the end of the bill:
Provided, That all sheet copper or yellow metal
imported in any American ship or vessel, to bo used
and actually used for her own sheathing, may be
imported duty free.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Let my friend from Michi-
gan hear the explanation. I know he is full
of justice, and I think I shall have the support
of my excellent friend if he will only listen to
a statement of one minute.
He is aware that the commerce of our coun-
try has suffered much during these latter years ;
and I know that, as the head of the Committee
on Commerce, he certainly will not be against
anything for its relief. What I propose is very
small; but it is in the nature of relief, and in
this way: the excellent ships of our country
that are built in Maine and Massachusetts and
generally on our coast go abroad on their first
voyage without being sheathed, and they get
their copper and are sheathed in a foreign
port. Why is that? It is for economy, because ,
under existing tariffs if they were sheathed at i
home they would be obliged to pay the duly |
on the cupper used in the sheathing. It is to i
save that additional expense that they go '
abroad u usheathed and get their sheathing in !
oieign yards. Now, I simply propose that !
these ships shall have the privilege of bringing
their sheathing-copper home and employing it
in our own yards.. The Government will lose
nothing by this proposition, because these very
vessels, if you do not allow them to bring their
sheathing-copper home, will find it abroad and
have it put on there. Why shall they not be
allowed to bring it home with them and have
it put on in our own ship-yards, and thus give
employment to our own mechanics and give to
the owners of the ships the satisfaction of com-
pleting the vessels in our own yards?
I can see no objection in principle to this
proposition ; and further, I do not see how in
any way the revenue can be affected, because,
as I have already said, these very ships will be
sheathed while they are abroad if you do not
allow them to bring the copper home. Now,
I hope I have convinced my friend.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do not
wish to go into a discussion of this question.
It has been thoroughly discussed and tried, I
believe, at every session of the last four or five
years—the question of giving a drawback.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; it was tried
by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessehden]
last winter and winter before last. It is the
same old question. I do not wish to go into
an argument on it. It will take a great deal
of time if we open up that question. Our lake
vessels have not the facilities for going abroad,
and by this proposition you would discriminate
iu favor of ocean vessels against lake and river
vessels. It is opening up the whole subject of
a drawback on everything that goes into the
manufacture of ships, which would lead to a
long discussion ; and I hope the Senate will vote
down the amendment promptly.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it opens no
question of drawback. It opens the simple
question that I have proposed. Tt cannot be
extended to any other case. Of course it can-
not be extended to the navigation of the lakes;
they are not in the predicament which will
allow it; and the practical question is whether
when ships that sail from our coast are in the
predicament to allow this favor they shall not
have it. Already that commerce has suffered
inconceivably. 0«r ships are almost driven
from the sea. Ship-diners wish for assistance
of some kind. Now, I propose one way of
giving them very slight assistance, but still
something that may be so called. I hope there
will be no objection to it. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment. I should like to
see how the Senate stands on the question of
aiding in some way our shipping.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that by any
vote I shall give on this subject I do not pro-
pose to commit myself in regard to any theory
relative to drawbacks on articles used in the
manufacture of ships or to protection for ship-
ping.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be a
great deal better to postpone the passage of this
bill than to complicate it by throwing off duties
on manufactured articles. Copper is a manu-
factured article now, subject to a duty of forty-
five per cent. There will be disputes as to this
copper when it is brought in. There will be
questions of fact as to whether the copper was
used upon the vessel. Various questions of
that kind will arise. I think it will be better
at once, rather than load down this bill with
amendments which would raise the question of
drawbacks on manufactured copper, to let the
bill go over. I never felt any great solicitude
about this bill, and I only agreed to report it
because it will give a small relief1—not so much
as the Senator from Michigan seems to think—
to an interest now very severely depressed ;
and unless the Senate is willing to take it as a
simple proposition by itself for that sole pur-
pose I do not think it will be wise to pass it.
if it is to be loaded down with amendments
providing for a system of drawbacks, providing
for increased duties on manufactured articles,
you will complicate the subject so much that
I shall feel it much better not to pass the bill
until we make a general revision of the tariff.
I shall therefore vote against this amendment
or any other amendment that will sacrifice
revenue.
Mr. SUMNER. I will meet the Senator on
his last two points. And first, as to loading
down the bill, I do not propose to load down
the bill. There is no load in my proposition.
It is light, because it is just. Then, in the sec-
ond place, the Senator insists that this propo-
sition should go into some more general bill.
Why so? It is a proposition which has in it
so much of essential justice that the Senate
cannot err in adopting it on any bill.
The Senator also says that he is unwilling
that the revenue should suffer; but by this
amendment of mine the revenue cannot suffer.
If the Senator had listened to the proposition
I think he would have seen that he is mistaken.
The revenue cannot suffer at all by this prop-
osition, and our commerce will be helped.
Now, the practical question for the Senate is,
whether upon a case where the revenue will not
suffer a dollar you will refuse a proposed relief
to the commerce of the country.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis. Dixon, Edmunds.
Ferry, Fessenden, MeCreery, McDonald, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Spencer,
Sumner, Warner, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Doolittle, Fowler, Frelinebuysen, Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Morgan,
Morton, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Fomeroy,
Kice, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer,
Trumbull. Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Whytc, Wil-
ley, and Williams—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew.Cattell, Con-
ness. Oorbett, Cragin, Drake, Harlan, Hondricks,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Osborn, Pool, Ramsey,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sprague, Tipton, Welch, and
Yates—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I have still another amend-
ment. I have made an effort in behalf of
commerce ; I now make an effort in behalf of
another article which at this moment has not
adequate protection under the existing tariff.
I offer the following amendment, to come iu at
the end of the bill:
On hair-cloth of the description known as hair-
seating, forty-five cents per square yard.
On hair-cloth known as crinoline cloth or padding
or similar goods however designated, forty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On this proposition I have to say that it is
identical with one which has already passed
the Senate during the second session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, which has already
passed the House of Representatives in an-
other bill which has been recommended by the
Ways and Means Committee at the last ses-
sion of Congress, both in the general bill and
in what is known as the Moorhead tariff, and
is also approved by Commissioner Wells in his
report; and I am not aware that anybody has
ever presented any objection to the proposition.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is it not cov-
ered by the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island?
Mr. SUMNER. No ; I beg pardon, it is not.
This is hair-cloth.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has nothing to do
with this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michi-
gan says it has nothing to do with this bill. I
beg the Senator's pardon ; it has something to
do with the manufactures of the country and
with the public interests, and therefore it is
germane to this bill. The specific duty which
is proposed in the amendment I have moved
is ecpial to about forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Now, I do not wish to go into any minute
discussion on this question. I shall content
myself by reminding the Senate that this article
is one which has only comparatively recently
taken a considerable place in commerce. Down
to a late period hair-cloth was made by hand-
looms moved by the cheap labor of the old
world. Latterly in our own country it is made
by machinery. There are certain persons who
have invested a great deal in this machinery
who have produced excellent work. It is used
extensively, as we all know, throughout the
