220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Resumption of Specie Payment—Mr. Pruyn.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
ments of the Secretary of the Treasury and of
all the Government officials and agents that
these bonds, principal and interest, were pay-
able in coin?
Mr. PRUYN. My friend from Vermont
states his facts, I think, too broadly ; but I am
well aware that there is some foundation for
the questions which he has propounded to me
and I am prepared to meet them, and while
advertisements of the kind referred to were put
forth in many quarters it must be recollected
that the act of Congress referred to was pub-
lished in every considerable newspaper of the
country, I may almost say of the world, and
that a publicity was given to it almost before
unknown in our history. The gentleman from
Vermont is too good a lawyer and a statesman
to claim that any official of the Government,
high or low, can undertake to give a construc-
tion to an act of Congress in the extra-judicial,
unauthorized manner he has stated, or to give
it any construction by which he can override
the clear language of the statute. If so, our
statutes amount to nothing. I am aware that
the Secretary of the Treasury wrote a letter to
a gentleman in answer to an inquiry which he
propounded stating that the principal of the
five-twenty bonds was payable in gold. I ob-
serve that the gentleman from Vermont wishes
to make some additional remarks. Has he any
other point to present?
Mr. POLAND. I desire to put another
question to my friend from New York. I be-
lieve I am lawyer enough to know this princi-
ple that every man is bound to know the law.
But when the Government of the United States
has allowed all its officials to put forth to the
people in every possible form that these bonds
were to be paid, principal and interest, in
coin, and when the people of the United States
generally never saw the law and had no means
of seeing it, I would like to ask my friend
whether he would have the Government shel-
ter itself under this principle that every man,
woman, and child who took one of these
bonds was bound to know the law, and that all
the Government officials had misinterpreted it?
Mr. PRUYN. As to the point of publicity
of the law, I have already met it. The gen-
tleman, however, clearly yields the legal ques-
tion, and I will meet my friend's criticism and
the view which he suggests. The gentleman
is not only enough of a lawyer to know just
what this statute means, but he is so good a
lawyer that I am sure when he comes to look
at it thoroughly he will not misconstrue it. I
am dealing with the statute. I am not dealing
with what the Secretary of the Treasury or any
one else chose to say.
Mr. POLAND. I am not, in the inquiries
I make of my friend, questioning that he may
be right in the technical construction of the
statute. I think I could prove he is wrong.
But conceding that he is right, when the Gov-
ernment in every form put forth to the people
and induced everybody throughout the country
to take the bonds on the pledge of all their
officers that they were payable principal and
interest in coin, would he have the Govern-
ment shelter itself behind the plea that every-
body is bound to know the law ?
Mr. PR G i N. I must again say that the
gentleman states his case too strongly. But
passing this by-1 hope to show, or shall try to
show, that the Government, although as the
gentleman admits it may have the legal right
to pay by new obligations, need not, if it be
wisely administered, take any such course.
Now, in regard to the consideration which the
gentleman has made so prominent in his in-
quiries, I will remind him of a fact of very
great significance in regard to this matter which
occurred in the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
It was said on the floor of the House, in sub-
stance, that the Secretary of the Treasury had
stated that the principal of the five-twenty
bonds was by the act of February, 1862, made
payable in gold, and a letter from him to that
effect was then read.
The late Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, who
was then the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, the leader of this House
and the exponent of the Government, from
whose hands in fact the statute camej at once
most warmly denied that any such statement
by the Secretary of the Treasury was in any
way authorized, and maintained that there was
no engagement whatever to pay the debt in
coin. He went quite beyond the views I have
expressed as to the character and effect of the
act. This denial went at once to all parts of
the country from the person best authorized to
speak upon the subject, utterly contradicting
the position taken by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
This construction of the law derives strength
from the fact that subsequently the ten-forty
act expressly declared that not only the inter-
est, but the principal also of that loan should
be paid in gold; and the gentleman from Ver-
mont and others will recollect that very special
prominence was given to this fact throughout
the country as well by Government officials as
by the public press.
There is a clause of the act of 1862, pro-
viding among other things for a sinking fund,
which it is a great misfortune was not com-
plied with. It was enacted that the duties on
imported goods should be paid in coin, and
such coin be set apart as a special fund and
applied, first, to the payment in coin of the
interest on the bonds and notes of the United
States; and secondly, to the purchase and pay-
ment of one per cent, of the entire debt of
the United States, to be made within each
fiscal year after the 1st day of July, 1862,
which was to be set apart as a sinking fund,
the interest of which should in like manner
be applied to the purchase or payment of the
public debt as the Secretary of the Treasury
should from time to time direct.
The advantages and benefits resulting from
a sinking fund, fairly and honestly applied for
a series of years toward the payment of a
great debt, has been so thoroughly proved in
the financial history of some of our States,
municipalities, and large corporations that it
cannot be questioned. I know of nothing
which will give greater confidence to the pub-
lic as to the eventual redemption of the public
debt than to find that year after year the Gov-
ernment has actually and in good faith laid
aside something toward its payment. Had
this sinking fund been instituted at the time
the act directed and faithfully accumulated
and applied, it would now probably have held
§250,000,000 of the public debt. The effect of
this upon our credit would have been most
beneficial and decided.
This subject came up in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, when it was proposed to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell the coin in
the Treasury vaults. I then called the atten-
tion of this House to the sinking fund provision,
for the reason that if that fund had been prop-
erly kept up, or if the coin then due to the sink-
ing fund had been taken from the coin on hand,
there would, after reserving a proper margin,
have been very little or none left for sale. The
answer suggested to that was that if the sinking
fund had been created the Government debt
would simply have been so much larger, and
therefore it was useless to create it.
To a person who reflects carefully on the sub-
ject that answer, although plausible, is to a very
great extent unsound. We all understand the
effect upon every community, upon every family
of the obligation to lay aside a certain amount
of money for a certain purpose during a month,
a year, or any fixed period of time. It leads
to care, to thrift, to economy; and I will ven-
ture to say^ that had this sinking fund been
kept up as it should have been in good faith
to the public creditor we would not have bor-
rowed one half the sum to which it would now
amount.
I have no time within the limits allowed to
me to go into a detailed discussion of the vari-
ous and conflicting views which have been
placed before.the community in reference to
the act of 1862. The only plausible ground
which I have heard in favor of construing it as
promising the payment of the principal of the
bonds in coin is that to which the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] alluded; that is,
that the Secretary of the Treasury and his agents
stated publicly that such was its meaning: and
this, it is argued, created an obligation upon the
part of the country to pay it accordingly. After
what I have already said I do not propose any
further discussion on this point, nor in the con-
clusions to which I have come do I consider it
to be material. The question is how is the
debt to be paid ? And I aver that with a wise
system of finance, with judicious taxation on
the one side and proper economy in public
expenditures on the other, it will all in due time
be paid in coin and the most punctilious public
creditor be most amply satisfied in his expecta-
tions.
Itwas saidlong since that "there is no royal
road to learning'' and 1' no new way to pay
old debts." Our national debt must be paid by
the labor and the industry of the country.
There is no other way to pay it. You cannot
extinguish it by any mysterious financial pro-
cess. The duty stares us ill the face, and must
be met boldly. How is it to be discharged ?
My time will only allow me to present a few
considerations on the subject.
In the first place it is asked what can Con-
gress do with reference to what is called the
financial question; that is, the resumption of
specie payments? The moment we resume,
the bond question is at once disposed of. I
agree with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Broomall] that it can do very little about
the matter—certainly not directly, but it may
do much indirectly. We cannot by any act of
Congress fixing a day for the resumption of
specie payments bring about that event unless
the country is in a proper condition for the pur-
pose. The idea that the fiat of Congress can
compel resumption is somewhat like the propo-
sition made in England to abolish original sin
by act of Parliament. No; Congress cannot do
it. Congress can help in the work, butthe burden
of it must continue to rest where it now rests,
upon the shoulders of the people ; their labor,
their industry, must accomplish it. Legislation
can do much to help along and still more to
embarrass it. And in considering what it can
do one of the first things that presents itself is
the matter of the currency.
Now, I do not agree with many persons that
there is a very great excess in the currency.
I cannot go into the reasons for this belief
further than to say that since the opening of
the war in 1861 the country has largely in-
creased in population, in business, in wealth ;
that much more money is carried in the pockets
of the p- ople than formerly, and that to a cer-
tain exteat every man has now become his,
own banker. Formerly every person' having
money beyond his immediate wants would at
once carry it to his bank of deposit for the
purpose of getting rid of the responsibility of
taking care of it. The bank would immedi-
ately use the money, and in that way the cir-
culation of the country, looking at its amount,
was formerly very much more active than at
present. But now we find that almost every
business man in every quarter of the country
has his own strong-box in which he will accu-
mulate his funds for the purpose of meeting
his obligations. Sothatof $700,000,000, which
is about the total of the circulation at this time,
I think it may be safely estimated that fully
§150,000,000 are actually locked up in the way
I have mentioned.
Before the war we had about four times as
