446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
enormous debt. It is appalling in its contem-
plation. When we approach it and look at it
in all its parts and dimensions it is appalling
to the human mind. The people are now taxed
to the utmost o#their ability to pay. They are
heavily taxed. The taxes are becoming op-
pressive, and there is a discontent growing up
in the public mind in reference to this taxation.
Let us, then, hold out to the people some hope
that the taxes shall be diminished, or at all
events not increased, and that there is some
period in the future, perhaps not far distant,
when they shall be to a certain extent relieved
of taxation and hope to see this debt paid.
But., sir, there is another reason why we
should not interfere with the tariff as it now
stands. Stability in legislation on such subjects
is one of the most important elements in polit-
ical economy. If we are fluctuating every year
in our legislation in matters of revenue, and
especially in our tariff, capital will not be in-
vested, laborwill not be employed. We should
be firm and stable in our legislation on such
subjects, and not be changing it from year to
year, selecting now and then a single article for
protection and encouragement.
The copper mines in Michigan have grown
up within ac jmparatively recent period, and,
if I understood the Senator from Connecticut
correctly yesterday, the receipts from those
mines during the past year were greater than
they had been in any previous year. And, sir,
we are now called upon to do—what? We are
called upon to tax the labor and the capital
and the interests of one section of our country
to benefit another section, and to remunerate
the labor of that other section. It is not a
tarifF against foreign labor and foreign capital,
but it is against our own capital and our own
labor. If this bill passes we prejudice to a very
material extent the capital and the labor of our
own country, particularly of the section upon
the Atlantic sea-board and some of the interior
portions of the country; and we do this not
against foreign labor, but we do it against ore
extracte I from the mines of foreign countries,
and we do this when our own labor is to manu-
facture that ore and make fine copper out of
it. I read, sir, from a communication of Dr.
Piggot, a distinguished chemist, who says:
"It is diflioult to define exactly the relative ex-
penses of the two processes. To attempt to smelt
copper from sulphurots alone would ruin any one
who undertakes it at our present prices of labor and
coal, lie would bo compelled to subject his ore to
ton or twelve operations before he could get pig-
copper from it." 1- * '* "The smelting
of sulphurot ores by themselveswould probably ruin
either the minors or the smelters."
That is the opinion of a distinguished chem-
ist. But now it is proposed that you shall tax
the very ore that contains the principle by
which you are to cheapen the production of
copper here and make it profitable to our own
people. He further says that the carbonate
ores are not produced in this country. If they
are not produced in this country, and they can
only be had by importation, is it right to tax
that article which we can only get from abroad,
when it enters so largely into the manufacture
of copper in this section of the country ?
I understand that the tariff bill of 1866 pro-
posed to impose a duty of six cents per pound
upon imported wool. Imported wool enters
into the manufacture of woolen goods in this
country, and the duty was a small one ; but
upon imported woolen goods manufactured
abroad by foreign capital and labor the duty
was twenty-five cents per pound and forty per
cent, ad valorem. Now, here we are to have
this duty on ore raised from three quarters of
a cent to three cents per pound. The duty by
this bill is four times as large as it is by the
existing law. If the Senator would make it
one half, reducing it to a cent and a half per
pound, and see what effect that would have
upon the mines of his own section of the coun-
try, and by the next session of Congress we
should ascertain what effect it had upon com-
merce and upon the imported ores, it seems
to me we should legislate with more inform-
ation and with better practical results.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The qrnes-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say a word or two in relation to this proposed
duty upon hair-cloth. In relation to this article
I have no question but that it needs some addi-
tional protection more than it now has, but
mainly for the reason of the difference in the
valuations of the parties abroad who sell it to our
merchants, the price vaTying upon an article
twenty-seven inches wide from different manu-
facturers thus : one sells at sixty-eight ccrits a
yard, another at seventy-five cents, another at
fifty cents, another at sixty-seven and a half
cents, another at fifty-six cents, another at fifty-
four cents, and another at sixty cents. An ad
valorem duty upon such a basis as that, of
course, is no protection whatever. But I think
in relation to this article as I do in relation to
copper ores, that the amount asked is too
much. Forty cents a yard would give a little
addition in the amount and would prevent this
fraud of undervaluation. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will propose forty cents per
square yard I shall be quite ready to vote for
his proposition; and forty cents per square yard
is enough, and for the reason that the parties
who manufacture this article have their raw
material either in a cleansed or uncleansed state
free of duty ; but the manufacturers of silks and
of the other textile fabrics of which the Sen-
ator spoke, which have large amounts of duty
placed upon them, pay a large percentage upon
the raw material. Singles, tram, organzine—
any silk in that advanced state—has a very
considerable duty on it; and then when you
come to place it m the form of velvets or dress
silks or ribbons, of course it should have an
increased rate. That is the reason why these
articles have so high a rate of duty, and it is
not mainly for protection cither ; it is mainly
for purposes of revenue that these high duties
are placed upon silks.  
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to make a suggestion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest that
the Senator should lower the rate of duty he
proposes upon hair-cloth to forty cents per
square yard, which will be a slight increase
and will be a fixed fact against an undervalua-
tion, which is the principal evil under which
these manufacturers labor.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask my friend if he
has looked into this precise case, so that he
can say that forty cents is sufficient?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have.
Mr. SUMNER. My own impression, from
the papers I have examined, is that more than
that is needed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Why, sir, one
of the best manufacturers in New England at
the time of the establishment of the tariff of
1861 told me that if they could have their raw
materials free all the duty they would ask was
fifteen per cent. Here is a duty of thiily per
cent, already upon this article. Now we pro-
pose to put a specific duty that shall raise the
rate.
Mr. ANTHONY. What per cent, will it
make it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Forty cents
per square yard will make it at least equal to
forty per cent, on any honest valuation. It is
enough.
Mr. SUMNER. I modify my amendment in
conformity with the recommendation of the
Senator from Vermont. I do it with hesita-
tion ; I fear he is mistaken, but I will defer
to him and say forty cents instead of forty-five
cents
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was read as
follows:
On hair-cloth of the description known as hair-
seating, forty cents per square yard.
On hair-cloth knows as crinoline cloth, or padding,
or similar goods, however designated, forty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. It will kill the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. • How can the "-Senator
from Michigan say that it is going to defeat the
bill to put upon it an amendment that the Sen-
ate have already agreed to, that the House have
already agreed to, and that every organ of the
Senate and of the House and of the Grovern-
ment that wo listen to on matters of finance
recommend?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not put on a
whole tariff bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is a whole tariff
bill that both Houses have agreed to why not
put it on? To put on a whole tariff bill that
has not been considered by either House of
Congress, and that would give rise to fresh dis-
cussion, would be manifestly improper. But I
say that if you can take out of the Mookhead
tariff bill, or any other tarifF bill, any proposi-
tion that has recently received the assent of
both Houses of Congress, it is proper to put it
on this bill or any other bill. I appeal to the
justice of the Senate, now that we are legis-
lating for one interest, not to neglect this inter-
est, which has equal claims upon us, and which
has already been adjudicated upon by us.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Mich-
igan makes no objection to this proposition on
its merits ; but he says that if we put it on this
bill it will kill the bill. He is mistaken; it
will make the bill stronger, if the bill needed
any additional strength. It will go back to the
House of Representatives with an additional
support, because it will contain a proposition
which has already twice over received the votes
of the House and also once before received
the votes of the Senate. What can be the
objection? Let the Senator from Michigan
make an objection on the merits ; he has not
ventured upon it, but he ejaculates, in an orac-
ular style, '' It will kill the bill." Now, I say
it will not kill the bill. I take issue with my
friend on that proposition.
Then, again, on the merits, as the Senator
from Rhode Island has so closely put it, why
should we not take on this bill any proposition
that has already received the support of both
Houses? We do not wish to take on this bill
a debatable proposition, a proposition that will
kill the bill possibly when it goes back to the
other House ; but why should you not take a
proposition that has already had the sanction
of both Houses and which cannot hurt the bill?
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Crngin, Dixon,
Edmunds,'Ferry, Morrill ot Vermont, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeroy. Pool, Sawyer. Sumner,
Viekers, Vv'arner, Wiiyr.e, Williams, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Doolittle, Brake, Fessenden,
Fowler, Fielmghaysen, Grimes, flailaii, Harris, Hen-
derson, Howard, MeOrecry, Morgan, Nye, Oaborn,
Patterson of Tennessee, It ice. Robertson, Itoss, brew-
art, Thayer, Trumbull, Yan Winkle, Wade, and Wil-
ley—30.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard. Buckalew, Cattell,
Conness, Hendricks, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Ramsey, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Spencer, Spraguat Tipton, Weleli, and
Yates-19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, in addressing
the Senate yesterday I confined my remarks,
as I stated at the time, to the proposition of
the Senator from Vermont, being an amend-
ment relating to so much of this bill as levies
a duly upon copper in the ore. I indicated at
that time that I should take an opportunity
before the conclusion of the debate to submit
some general remarks upon the bill itself. I
am aware that the Senate, perhaps, is already
weary with this protracted discussion; but I
feel that the bill as it now stands is so unjust
in itself and so dangerous as a precedent that
I cannot remain silent until the vote is taken.
In the first place, this bill is objectionable
as being special legislation. It is admitted on
all hands, by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, who reported the bill, that it must
require extraordinary circumstances to justify
the taking out of one single special interest
from the general range of interests in the coun-
try to legislate for that alone without reference
to the bearing of such legislation, upon other
