1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
44T
and coordinate interests. Of all legislation in
which Congress engages there is none to which
this objection more forcibly applies than legis-
lation upon our tariff system. Interwoven as
the interests of the country which are affected
by such legislation are in all their details, and
exceedingly difficult as it is to understand
without great labor and study the effect of
legislation upon one branch of business on
other branches, it is, if in any instance, abso-
lutely essential to safe legislation that the laws
which we enact upon the subject of our tariff
should be enacted upon a general revision of
the whole system and after a careful elabora-
tion.
In this case we are proceeding, according to
the precedent set in the ease of the wool tariff
two years ago, to select a special interest, only
one among hundreds of interests which are
said to be equally depressed with this; and the
reason given for bestowing special favor upon
this interest at the present time is that it is so
depressed as to be in danger of absolute ruin
unless the Legislature of the nation shall inter-
fere in its behalf.
Well, sir, in this debate reference has been
had to prior discussions of what is, I admit,
this very measure. It is said that the bill
passed the House of Representatives two years
ago and was there fully discussed ; that it came
into the Senate and was here fully discussed ;
and it is true. And two years ago when this
bill was before the House of Representatives
the same argument was made, the same appeal
to the sympathies of the Legislature, because
the interest of the Lake Superior copper mines
was in 1867 so greatly depressed that without
legislation their utter ruin must inevitably en-
sue. The legislation was not obtained; and
what was the result? The production of the
Lake Superior copper-mining interest has in-
creased every hour from that day to this, and
the records which I read here yesterday dem-
onstrate it. The pretense that was set up
here two years ago, identical with that which
is set up here now for special legislation, that
ruin impended over this great interest, has been
falsified by the events of the last two years.
And so when at a later period the measure
was pressed upon the attention of the Senate
the same arguments were used: the bill failed
to receive the sanction of Congress; and month
after month during the year 1868, so far as the
official reports have reached us up to (July, the
production from these mines has steadily in-
creased. These facts in the past lead me to
suspect that there is something unreliable, at
least, iu this claim .of impending destruction
to the copper interest.
Now, sir, there is an immense pressure upon
us from some source for the passage of a meas-
ure of this kind. Is there no way in which we
can explain that pressure other than the danger
really apprehended by the true mining inter-
ests V Sir, I referred yesterday to the fact that
the copper regions of Lake Superior are owned
by a great number of corporations whose capi-
tal stock has not been paid in ; and I insisted
that the want of working capital growing out
of the neglect of the shareholders to pay up the
capital which they had pledged themselves to
pay was the real difficulty with that mining
interest, and not the want of legislation. I have
obtained the last number of the Wall Street
Journal, containing the names of all these cop-
per-mining companies, the number of shares,
the nominal amount of their capital stock, and
the amount actually paid in. I find of them
twenty-seven with nominal shares of twenty
thousand each at twenty-five dollars per share
on which less than two dollars per share has
been actually paid in ; and I find fifty-six of
them of twenty thousand shares each at a par
value of twenty-live dollars, of which less than !
five dollars lias been actually paid in. Sir,
they have sunk themselves in the mire of min-
ing stock speculations, and instead of putting
their own shareholders to the wheel for their
extrication they call upon the Hercules of
Government to help them. That is the truth
abopt it. . - . .
But, sir, perhaps it is immaterial to this argu-
ment out ol what speculation or otherwise the
pressure upon us here arises. I want to call
the attention of the Senate to the bill itself as
it originally stood in the first place before the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
was put upon it. The bill came in here with a
report from the Committee on Finance,and was
urged also by the Senator from Michigan, in-
forming us that the ad valorem rates of this bill
upon copper in the ore were between eleven and
twelve per cent., and that the ad valorem upon
pig-copper was from fifteen to sixteen per cent.
Now, sir, I hold in tny hand the American
Mining Journal, containing the last London
metal circular, and from that the last quotations
of the dutiable valuation of copper can be ascer-
tained by any one. The last quotation of cop-
per in the ore is fourteen shillings one and
a halfpence per unit, which produces the result
of an ad valorem duty by this bill of between
twenty and twenty-one per cent., and it is im-
possible, ifany gentleman will take the actual
quotations, to avoid this result. Taking the
same London quotations, the latest quotations,
I find that the advalorem duties on pig-copper
laid by this bill are a little over thirty-one per
cent.
Astonished at a result like this, after the
statement which had been made to us by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance yes-
terday, I showed him this morning the author-
ity, and the result at which I had arrived.
Hence the chairman of the Committee on
Finance has to-day risen in his place and in-
formed the Senate that the estimates upon
which that committee finally agreed to report
this bill are all wrong. The Committee ou
Finance, to whom every one of us must look for
correct information in regard to measures of
this kind when they are brought before us,
have themselves been led by a false light, have
come into theSenate, and yesterday the amend-
mentof the Senator from Vermont was rejected
upon the statement proceeding from the Finance
Committee, while to-day we know out of their
own lips that the ad valorem, duties jiroposed
even by the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont would be greater than those stated
to us yesterday, as in this bill, by the Senator
from Michigan and the chairman of the Finance
Committee.
Nor is that all, sir. We were also informed
that this bill had been before the House of
Representatives and before the Senate, and
that the duties imposed by it are substantially
the same as those imposed by the bill which
formerly received the sanction of the Senate.
I have taken the trouble to compare the details
of that bill with the provisions of this bill, and
I affirm, and it is incapable of successful con-
tradiction, that the duties levied by this bill
are double the duties levied by the bill which
formerly received the sanction of the Senate.
The present tariff levies a duty of five per cent,
on ores j that bill as it passed theSenate, Jan-
uary 81, 18G7, levied a duty of ten per cent.,
and the present bill levies a duty of between
twenty and twenty-one per cent. The same
proportion will be found to be carried out on
regulus of copper, old copper, and copper in
pigs.
Now, sir, with this exceeding uncertainty
necessarily resting on the mind of the Senate
in regard to the details of the bill, is it right
and proper that we should proceed to pass it
now and in hot haste without some further
examination by the committee ?
But, sir, that is not all. The Senator from
Rhode Island has offered to this bill a sweep-
ing amendment, which the Senator from Michi-
gan has accepted in order to secure the pas-
sage of his bill. That amendment as now
incorporated into the bill is as follows:
On copper in rolled plates called brazier's copper,
sheets, loiis pipes, and copper bottom;, eyelets, and
alt manuinetnres of copper or of which coppcrshiill
be a component part ot chief value, ®ot here1 n other-
wise provided for, iorty-five per cent, ad valorem.
What man in the Senate knows the effect of
that amendment? Suppose that at the moment
the Senator from BKode Island yesterday in-
troduced thatamendment, instead of introduc-
ing^ thus he had risen in his seat and offered
a, bill for a public act ill the very language of
that amendment, and then insisted that we
should pass that bill without even letting it go
to a committee, is there a Senator svho would
have assented to such legislation as that? And
yet we have nowabill doubling, and more than
doubling the expense of all the great copper-
consumed articles in this country, with a sweep-
ing section embracing all possible manufac-
tures of copper, the former of which the Fi-
nance Committee has been induced to report
under utterly mistaken impressions as its chair-
man admits, and the second of which has not
received a single inquiry from a committee.
Can we tell what will be the effect of such legis-
lation as this? Is it safe? Is it wise? Iam
sorry that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance is not hero, for I would appeal to him,
and I appeal to such members of the commit-
tee as are here to let this bill go back to the
committee, that they may inform us correctly
what are the rates of duty which are imposed
by the original bill, and what is to be the effect
upon the great interests of the country of the
sweeping amendment which has been offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island and accepted
by the Senator from Michigan. The chairman
of the Committee on Finance occupies too re-
sponsible a position before this country ; repre-
senting a majority of this body especially, does
he occupy too responsible aposition before the
•ountry to permit such legislation as this upon
information laid before the committee when
the bill was under their consideration, which
lie now admits to be false ; and we as a Senate
ought not to permit such legislation, guided by
false lights or groping in the dark, or sweeping,
as the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island does, over the whole range of one great
interest in this country, without an inquiry from
a committee what effect it is to have.
Now, sir, I do not wish to go any further at
length into this discussion; but I do think if
Senators will guide themselves by the ordinary
rules of a wise legislation the motion which I
am about to make will—it certainly ought to—
prevail. I move that the bill and amendments
be recommitted to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Con-
necticut is mistaken as to the bill we passed in
1867. It was verbatim the same as this.
Mr. FERRY. No, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was three cents per
pound on the copper in the ore, four cents on
regulus, and five cents on bar copper.
Mr. FERRY. I know it was four cents on
the regulus and five cents on bar copper.
Mr. CHANDLER. And three cents on cop-
per in the ore, the same as this bill now stands;
and it was agreed to after thorough discussion.
One word as to the continuation of mining
operations in the Lake Superior region. They
have carried on their operations in the hope
of relief from Congress. When that bill, to
which the Senator alludes, passed the Senate,
but failed between the two Houses, the mining
interest believed that at the next session they
would receive that relief. During the war they
sent abroad for miners at a cost of over one
hundred thousand dollars, and every man went
into the Army and not into the mines. They
cannot afford to dismiss their miners so long
as they run without a loss. The whole capital
invested there in the past year has not paid
one and one third per cent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Fbriiy,] to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FERRY. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
'L'lie yeas and nays wore ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 82; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Davis, Dixon,
Ferry, Fessendon, Grimes, Henderson. McCreery.
Norton, Sumner, Van Wiiikie, Viekers, Whyte, and
Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Coali-
ling, Conness, Corbett, Doolittlo, Drake, Fowler, Fre-
Unghuj'seu, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe. Kellogg.
