1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13 m
Mr. SCHENCK. Would an appeal from
the decision of the Chair be debatable?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not
be.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the Speaker hear
one suggestion?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Constitution declares
very distinctly that—
" A majority of each House shall constitute a quo-
rum to do business; but a"smaller number may
adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to
compel the attendance of absent members."
In pursuance of this clause of thp Constitu-
tion we have in our rules made provision for
all that relates to compelling the attendance
of absent members tinder a call of the House,
and have provided that anything having refer-
ence to the call shall be in order. I hold,
therefore, that, inasmuch as less than a quo-
rum may be authorized to compel the attend-
ance of absent members, less than a quorum
can do any of those things which may be re-
quired in relation to tbat .subject. Less than
a quorum can make any order that has refer-
ence to the call.
Mr. BURR. Can less than a quorum decide
the gentleman's appeal?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to put an
inquiry to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] The Constitution having invested
the House with the power to make rules for its
proceedings, and the House having established
the rule upon which the Chair has based his
present decision, can less than a majority of
the House change that rule ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I hold that no matter what
decisions may have been made denying the
power for which I am contending, they are not
in conformity to the Constitution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
requests the gentleman from Ohio to suspend
his remarks while a report is received from the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
The Sergeant-at>-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, he had arrested, and had at the bar of
the House, Mr. Baker, and Mr. Ashley of
Ohio.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Baker,
you have been absent from the sittings of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer to the House for your absence?
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, I have perhaps
no sufficient excuse for being absent without
the actual leave of the House. At the time of
the commencement of this evening's session I
felt considerably unwell; afterward upon com-
' ing here I found tlie doors closed. Notbeing
clearly satisfied that I ought to be excused I
do not ask it.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Baker] be excused. I think
he has given us a very good excuse.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Ashley,
you have been absent from the sittings of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer for your absence?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have been for
some time past in my committee-room writing
letters. When I left the Hall this evening I
gave directions that I should be called if there
shouid be a vote by yeas and nays on any ques-
tion. I supposed that was sufficient. I have
not been out of the Capitol since leaving the
Hall. I have looked in here twice, but saw no
demonstrationsthatwarranted mein comingin.
Mr. PETERS. . I move that the gentleman
be impeached. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Thatmotion
is not in order.
Mr. WpODWARD. I beg leave to inquire
how the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
got out of the House after he had answered
this evening on the first roll-call ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, I am in the
habit of going down to my committee-room
when I want to write letters and when there is
so much noise here that I cannot do so. I
went down for that purpose; and I can say to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] that I came back without any arrest.
Mr. WOODWARD. Were not the doors
closed before the gentleman disappeared ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Oh, no. When I
left I supposed there would be no call. I
expected that the House would soon adjonrn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is, Shall the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ash-
ley] be excused ?
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move that the
gentleman be excused on payment of costs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What costs? Xt ought to
be the cost of the impeachment which he was
instrumental in getting up. [Laughter.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, he had arrested, and had at the bar of
the House, Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Taffe.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Baldwin",
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. BALDWIN. On account of the condi-
tion of my throat I am compelled, out of regard
for my health, to abstain from coming out in
the night air and attending the evening ses-
sions.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the gentleman
be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Taffe,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer?
Mr. TAFFE. I was here until about nine
o'clock, and then went to the Speaker's recep-
tion. I have no further excuse to offer than
the mere statement of this fact.
M'r. PETERS. It is the best excuse I have
heard to-night, and I move that the gentleman
be excused. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend by
adding, " on the payment of the usual fees."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The motion was then agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, he had arrested, and had at the bar of
the House, Mr. McCormick.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. McCor-
mick, you have been absent from the session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer ?
Mr. McCORMICK. I have no other excuse
to offer than this: I deemed it to be my duty
to call upon our accomplished Speaker, and
accordingly did so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I movethat my colleague
be fined SI.000. [Laughter.]
Mr. STOVER. I move that my colleague
be excused.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend by
adding " on the payment of costs."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
costs be paid by the member moving the fine.
Mr. Parks worth's amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Stoyek's motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, he had arrested, and had at the bar of
the House, Mr. Banks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Banks,
you have absented yourself from the session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. BANKS. I thought it to be my duty to
attend the reeeption of the Speaker once at least
during the session, and not having been able to
attend before, I felt I could postpone it no
longer, and therefore went there this evening.
I was here until nine o'clock, and when I left
the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, was speaking
with such effect that I thought he would detain
the House for the rest of the eveuing. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TW1CHELL. I move that jtij colleague
be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that all who have
been excused on payment of costs be relieved
entirely.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Gentlemen come here and say they have no
excuse, and yet are excused.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a question of privilege
which I think the Chair will sustain. My col-
league from the ninth congressional district,
■who was here and answered to his name, has
disappeared, and I move that his name be
again called.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. He is in the gal-
lery. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURR. Call him!
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order after the
doors are closed for a gentleman to retire to
the galleries?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from the ninth congressional district of
Illinois left the floor of the House by leave of
the Chair.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to know
■whether that leave was indefinite.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was not.
Mr. BURR. Has not his furlough nearly
expired ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has not.
Mr. Shanks' s motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I raise the ques-
tion of order whether a quorum has answered.
If not, no motion of that kind is in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that it is always customary to pass
upon these questions as they rise, without re-
gard to a quorum.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I still insist that
a quorum must be present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gen-
tleman presses it the Chair will sustain his
point of order that it is not in order to dispose
of this question until it is ascertained that there
is a quorum present.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it in order to renew
my motion to dispense with all further pro-
ceedings under the call?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make the motion, and
as I called for a division before and it was not
heard I now call for a division.
The motion being put, there were—ayes 25,
nays 60.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Ashley] has not been excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He has been
excused.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has he paid the costs?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has no information of the fact whether costs
have been paid.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 34, nays
61.
Mr. BROOMALL. Has the Chair informa-
tion that there is a quorum ?
. The SPEAKER pro tempore. None of the
votes have disclosed it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Chair interrupted me
•when I was making my remarks. Can I have
leave now to go on ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the granting of
leave give the gentleman an hour?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want an hour.
I will give way for your wit after awhile.
