224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Mail,road from, Washington to New York—Mr. Haight.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
and security to those residing in the late rebel-
lious States, and add to the permanency of our
Government. The labors of Congress during
the last four years will not soon be forgotten,
especially by its members, having been kept
in almost constant session, owing to the refrac-
tory course of the President. It will be an
epoch in our national history. Though some
of our body differed in regard to important
measures, and excited debates ensued, yet our
associations in many respects were pleasant,
and will ever be remembered with kind feelings.
In a few days a new Administration will be
inaugurated and another Congress assembled,
in whose hands our governmental affairs will
be placed. It is fortunate for the American
people that General Ulysses S. Grant has been
chosen to fill the presidential chair. His strict
integrity and orthodox views of the great na-
tional questions of the day give confidence,
both at home and abroad, that the affairs of the
Government will, in his hands, be judiciously
administered, and that he will " take care that
the laws be faithfully executed." And in
Schxjyler Colfax, our Vice President, the na-
tion has also implicit confidence. The financial
question, so far as relates to our Government
bonds, which caused so much excitement during
the last presidential campaign, and led many to
doubt- as to their ultimate payment in good
faith, may now be considered as settled, and
confidence restored not only in this country but
also in Europe, where not less than six hundred
millions of United States bonds are held, and
an attempt from any quarter to bring them into
disrepute will be rebuked at the ballot-box.
We have, Mr. Chairman, a country that we
call well be proud of, containing art area of
about four million square miles, with a variety
of climate suitable to the various productions
that add to a nation's wealth and comfort, and
interspersed with great lakes and navigable riv-
ers on which extensive commerce flows, and
checkered over with railroads aiding in expe-
diting travel and transportation of commerce;
and, besides, we have telegraph lines extend-
ing in every direction conveying intelligence
with the rapidity of thought; and we are in-
creasing rapidly in all that makes a nation great
and powerful.
The emigration to the United States from
various foreign countries is estimated at about
fourhundred thousand annually, who are adopt-
ing this as their future home and augmenting
our population rapidly.
We have added to our Constitution two im-
portant amendments, one abolishing slavery
and the other regulating citizenship. Neither
slavery nor internal war any longer exists in
any part of our Republic, and we to-day stand
before the world without a blemish resting upon
us. Though as a Republic young, yet we are
a great nation. Our commerce whitens every
sea and ocean and our flag is respected by all
nations. Here the oppressed of all countries
can find a home, and if true to our Government
will receive its protection. Here education is
extended to all classes and our institutions of
learning are of the highest order. May God
grant that this Republic, founded upon truth
and^ justice, may continue to prosper and its
benign influence be felt throughout the entire
world, and that other nations may be induced
to adopt our form of government, where man-
hood alone is the test.
Military ana Postal Railroad from Wash-
ington to _\ew York.
SPEECH OP HON. C. IIAIGIIT,
of new jersey,
In the House of Representatives,
February 9, 1869,
On the bill (II. E. No. 621) to authorize the building
of a military and postal railway from Washington.
District of Columbia,, to the city of New York.
Mr. HAIGHT. Mr. Speaker, the remarkable
character and provisions of the bill now under
consideration by this House and its probable
effect in case it becomes a law upon the inter-
ests of the State of New Jersey, which I have
the honor in part to represent upon this floor,
seem to require that I should ask the attention
and indulgence of the House for a short time,
which I propose' to devote to the discussion and
examination of the legislation proposed by this
bill. It must be apparent to the mind of every
one whose attention has been directed to the
object and purposes of this bill that there are
principles involved in it of the most vital im-
portance to all of the States of this Union, be-
cause it is declared that certain powers belong
to and are invested in Congress which may be
exercised in every State, subject only to such
rules and regulations as Congress may prescribe.
If this bill becomes a law.it will be referred
to as a precedent for future legislation of this
kind and urged as being conclusive in regard
to the principles upon which it is predicated.
It is true the theater of its immediate opera-
tions is confined to three or four States, but
the principles involved are applicable to all
the States. Among the States to be affected
by the operation and provisions of this bill is
the State, of New Jersey; and ever since the
right or power of Congress under the Consti-
tution to invade the territory of a State without
her consent for such purposes as are claimed
in this bill has been pending before or been agi-
tated in Congress the people of New Jersey have
manifested a great deal of anxiety and interest
in the final action of Congress upon the sub-
ject. The geographical position of the State
of New Jersey, lying between the two great
cities of New York and Philadelphia, renders
her more liable to be affected by legislation of
this kind than probably any other State, and
consequently enhances the interest her people
feel in the rights and powers that belonged to
her as a sovereign State and which she did
not surrender upon the adoption of the Con-
stitution ; and her people will not willingly and
without protest surrender the reserved rights
retained by them when the State entered into
the original compact, for such relinquishment
would involve the practical surrender of all
her powers of government.
I have no doubt, and never have had any in
regard to the passage of this bill by the House.
I have been in Congress long enougli to be pre-
pared for the passage of any bill, however
doubtful its character or questionable its pro-
visions, if it can be shown that it will advance
the interests of the party in power or confer
privileges upon thosewho contribute to its suc-
cess. The objection to the exercise of power
not conferred upon Congress by the Constitu-
tion was sufficient in the early and better days
of the Republic to prevent legislation of even
a doubtful character; but those days are past.
A sufficient warrant by modern construction-
ists can be found in the Constitution for the
exercise of any and all power if it is necessary
in order to accomplish any cherished or fixed
purpose. If the end to be attained is desirable
the means are always at hand ; and unless this
idea of the omnipotence of Congress which
has taken possession of gentlemen on the other
side of the House is repudiated by the people
of this country the destruction of the Republic
seems to me to be inevitable.
The history of the legislation of Congress for
the past few years must satisfy every reason-
able mind that we have been rapidly advanc-
ing toward the consolidation of alj power in
the General Government, contrary to the ex-
press provisions of the Constitution as inter-
preted and understood by the framers of that
matchless instrument, and in violation of the
reserved rights of the States. It is surprising
to me that the people of this country have not
oecome alarmed at the wonderful strides that
have been and are every day being made to-
ward centralization. It certainly should give
rise to the most serious apprehensions. Yet
Congress proceeds from one step to another,
while the people seem indifferent or careless
of the result. This bill is another step in that
direction, for if Congress has the right under
the Constitution to pass a bill of this kind it is
difficult to conceive what limits there can be
to its power. The effect of snch legislation
will be to render the States mere dependencies
upon Congress, without any sovereign rights
which cannot be invaded by Federal authority
at its pleasure.
It is to be regretted that the powers con-
ferred upon the General Government by the
framers of the Constitution are no longer the
limits of congressional action, although they
are few, well-defined, and easy to be understood.
And it onght to be remembered in the consid-
eration of this measure what are the bounda-
ries between the General Government and the
State governments, for the preservation of the
public liberty requires that these boundaries
should be observed. The powers of the Gen-
eral Government are principally confined to
peace and war, negotiation, foreign commerce,
taxation, and the disposition of the public
lands. _ The powers reserved to the States are
indefinite and extend to all objects "which
in the ordinary course of affairs concern the
lives, liberty, and prosperities of the people,
and the internal order, improvement, and pros-
perity of the State. The operations of the
Federal Government will be most extensive
and important in times of war and danger:
those of the State governments in times of peace
and security.
But, Mr. Speaker, before examining the
question whether Congress has the right or
power under the Constitution to enter upon the
soil of the different States for the purpose of
constructing railroads, or can create corpora-
tions or take control and possession of those
already created and in successful operation
through State legislation, and by enlarging and
increasing the privileges and franchises already
conferred upon such corporations virtually de-
stroy the domestic policy of the States, as is
proposed by the bill now under consideration,
I desire to call the attention of the House to
some questions of fact which have been stren-
uously urged as reasons why this bill should
become a law. It is alleged that upon examin-
ation it will be found that the facts relied upon
by the friends of this measure do not exist ex-
cept in the imagination of gentlemen who are
anxious to seize upon every circumstance and
magnify it in order to fortify themselves as
well as they can against this great assumption
of power. We are told by the chairman of the
Committee on Roads and Canals, who reported
this bill to the House, that additional railroad
communication is required between New York
and Washington to accommodate the travel-
ing public, and that is one of the reasons why
this bill should be passed ; but on the contrary
it is claimed that this statement is not true in
point of fact.
The fact is known by every one that a double
track of railway has been constructed and is
now in use from Jersey City to Washington.
It is claimed that any number of trains can
pass over the roads forming this line every day,
affording ample accommodations for the trans-
portation of passengers, freight, and merchan-
dise ; that by the expenditure of large sums of
money the existing companies are prepared to
do all and a great deal more than they are
called upon to do; that they make the time
between New York and Washington as quick
as' it is wise or prudent for them to do; and
that their cars and accommodations will com-
pare favorably with any railroads in the conn-
try. But it is urged that if they do now they
did not during the war answer all the purposes
for which they were needed. When the war
broke out a sudden and unusual demand was
made upon them, yet at that time the existing
companies were sufficient to carry regiments
of soldiers from some ten States, which were
compelled to pass and repass almost every day
during the war ; butsince that time itis claimed
that they have increased their facilities and
