1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
40th Cong—3d Sess. Railroad from Washington to New York—Mr. Haight.
Ho. of Reps.
are now prepared to meet any emergency that
can possibly arise.
But admitting the fact that daring the war the
communication between New York and Wash-
ington was not adequate to the demands of the
Government and the public, the force of an
argument at that time for additional facilities
would not apply in the present condition of the
country. We are not now at war, and the exer-
cise of this power cannot be sustained upon the
plea of military necessity. Whatever reasons
existed at that time, if any, do not exist now,
and in all human probability never will again. I
do not understand that this additional line is
asked for or desired to accommodate the citizens
of the States of Maryland, Delaware, Pennsyl-
vania, or New Jersey,whose interests are mai nly
affected by the legislation contemplated in this
bill. I will not stop to inquire into the fact con-
tended for by some of the advocates and sup-
porters of this measure that the companies form-
ing the line between New York and Washington
have not been faithful servants of the people.
This may or may not be the case; their interest
would seem to require that they should be, and
my observation and experience has confirmed
the belief that corporations like individuals in
matters of business generally consult their in-
terests ; but there is one fact in this connection
that will not be denied or disputed, that these
companies, or at least some of them, incurred
risks when it required courage to create these
conveniences. Such facts require that we
should at least deal fairly with them. But, Mr.
Speaker, it looks to me as if this bill and this
proposed legislation was an effort to break
down and absorb the present railroad com-
panies between Washington and New York to
advance the interest of other parties for private
gain, and to make the States of New Jersey,
Maryland, and Delaware tributary to the gold
kings of Wall street and eastern stock-job-
bers.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mc-
Carthy,] in speaking of the State of New
Jersey, used the following language :
" The State of New Jersey, in which tho Camden
and Amboy incorporation and railroad exist, lays
across the great highway running from the commer-
cial and financial center of the country to many
States and millions of people; layingas an obstruc-
tion to an immense foreign and inland commerce,
and which is soon to flow in increased volume from
ocean to ocean, from India to Europe, across our vast
domain; standing in the way of easy, cheap, and
time-saving channels for the vast travel and traffic
between the metropolis of trade, of commerce, and
of finance and that of other States and cities and
this capital, the centerof the political power of our
country,"
Now, sir, I do not propose nor do I deem
it necessary to defend the State of New Jersey.
The wisdom of her policy in regard to inter-
nal improvements is a question for her people
to settle in their own way without the inter-
ference of Congress. But I do deny that the
State has been or is now an obstruction to for-
eign or inland commerce. Thegentleman prob-
ably does not know that the State of New Jer-
sey was the pioneer in the railroad system of
this country. The first rail of iron for railroad
purposes was laid in the State of New Jersey
by one of her citizens. I am fully aware of
the fact that the State of New Jersey possesses
advantages over many of the other States of
this Union, and that her geographical position
confers upon hercitizens privileges which few,
if any, of the citizens of other States enjoy.
I am also ajpare of the fact that she has
always fulfilled her obligations to the General
Government, and that now a great wrong will
be committed if a railroad is constructed across
her territory without the consent of the State.
I am satisfied the cause of much that has been
urged against the railroad policy of the State
has come from a misconception of the system
adopted by her, and from the fact that her
legislation could not be influenced by stock-
jobbers in their interests. I would not be
understood as saying that 1 approve altogether
of the policy that has been pursued, for I would
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 15.
have had it different in some respects if it had
been under my control.
But again, the same gentleman in referring
to the Camden and Amboy railroad says:
"A monopoly of the carrying trade, conferred upon
a corporation and road by that State, thus prevent-
ing that healthy competition which insures to the
public safety, speed, comfort, and cheap fare, all of
which the advocates of special privileges and powers,
yes, technical interpretaters of the Constitution,
forbid to the people at large."
Mr. Speaker, I know very little about rail-
roads ; I am not here in the interest of any rail-
road corporation; 1 am not a railroad man and
never have been one; but I am surprised at
the language of thegentleman from New York
which I have just quoted. If I correctly under-
stand it, it would seem to convey the idea that
there is but one railroad across the State of
New Jersey, and in fact but one railroad cor-
poration in the State, and that corporation the
Camden and Amboy railroad. Why, sir. he
cannot be advised of the fact that there are to-
day some six or seven railroads across the
State, and that a great portion of the State itself
is belted with railroads. According to her pop-
ulation and territory I believe her enterprise in
railroads is behind no State in this Union. I
have not the actual figures before me, but if
my recollection is correct, and I know I cannot
be far out of the way, the amount that has been
expended in the construction of railroads in the
State of New Jersey will reach in theaggregate
the sum of $70,000,000, and the number of
miles of railroad already built and in success-
ful operation cannot fall far short of a thou-
sand miles. There is nothing now to prevent
the construction of competing roads; the special
privileges that were granted have expired, and
there is no restriction whatever upon the peo-
ple, for the Legislature can charter as many
railroads across the State as they see fit or
proper.
It is stated that the object of this bill is to
authorize the construction of a military and
postal railroad from Washington, through the
States of Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania,
and New Jersey, to the city of New York. It
does seem to me that the very title of the bill
is intended to deceive and mislead, for the con-
dition of the country at the present time is
such as to show conclusively that there is no
need whatever for a military road between
Washington and New York nor anywhere else ;
and I cannot believe that the committee are
serious when they give it that title any more
than they are when they designate it as an " air-
line road," for I do not understand that any
one favoring the bill contends that it will be an
" air line," because from the very nature ofthe
country between Washington and New York
that would be impossible; besides, it clearly
appears from the express provisions of the bill
that such is not the purpose or intention of the
parties who are interested in this measure. It
has been said on the floor during this debate,
and not contradicted, that—
"The road, if built, will be an'air-line' running
in a zig-zag, and will avoid the great centers of trade
between Washington and New York. Itisajob. It
is a provision for the incorporation of a number of
unprofitable roads into one and a sacrifice of the
interests and rights of all save the stockholders of
these roads; and it is to be enacted just when the
great want which we have always felt is being sup-
plied."
But it is claimed that the present route be-
tween New York and Washington is monopo-
lized. Suppose we admit that to be the case
and that it is as bad as it is alleged by those
who are hostile to the existing companies,
what do we gain by exchanging a lesser for a
greater monopoly, for it does seem to-me that
no corporation was ever created or attempted
to be created with greater or even so great
powers as are conferred by this bill. Why,
sir, by a careful examination of the provisions
of the bill it will be seen that there is no lim-
itation to the powers of this corporation ; it
proposes to run through New Jersey, Penn-
sylvania, Delaware, and Maryland, or any of
them, and is in fact absolute over them; its
route through the different States is not de-
fined, but it can be located anywhere within
the States named. The second section of the
bill provides for the construction of a railway
between the cities of Washington and New
York, upon a route to be surveyed and desig-
nated by a competent engineer appointed by
them and approved by the Secretary of the
Interior, commencing at some point in the
city of Washington, in tho District of Colum-
bia, and running thence through the States of
Maryland, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New
Jersey, or any of them, to the Hudson river;
and shall have power to construct a railway,
which shall have a double track, from a point
in the city of Washington to the Hudson river,
opposite the city of New York, and to cross
the Hudson river by ferry from such point in
the State of New Jersey into the city of New
York.
The fifth section of the bill provides that the
National New York and Washington Kailway
Company shall have power to connect with and
use, as a part of their said line or lines, any
railroad or railroads now constructed leading
in the general direction of the line specified in
this act, by consolidation or transfer of the
stock of said railroad or railroads with or to
the said National New York and Washington
Railway Company or otherwise, as may be
mutually agreed upon ; and thereupon the said
railway hereby authorized shall be empowered
to so change the grade, curvature, and location
of such railroad or railroads as to conform to
the requirements of the seventh section of this
act.
This section confers great powers of consoli-
dation, and it is the first step in tile history of
this country by congressional action to place
under the jurisdiction of Congress the vast rail-
road interest of the country which has hereto-
fore been under the control of the States as
subjects of internal improvement. This assump-
tion of power becomes the more alarming when
we call to mind the fact that there are already
constructed in this country over forty-two thou-
sandmiles of railroad, with manymore thousand
miles under process of construction at a cost
of over three million dollars.
Mr. Speaker, suppose we admit that all the
facts are true as stated by those who are favor-
able to and are urging the passage of this bill
in regard to the necessity for additional railroad
facilities between Washington and New York,
and for the creation of this corporation &s the
means and instrument to effect it, still there
remains a question of paramount importance
to be decided, and that is: has Congress the
power, without a violation ofthe Constitution,
to pass a measure of this kind ? There should
exist no doubt upon this question, for this is
not a time nor is this a subject which will justify
the exercise of doubtful powers. It is proposed
by an act of Congress to create a corporation
for the purpose of constructing a railroad in
some three or four States without the consent
of those States. It cannot be claimed that any
such power is expressly conferred upon Con-
gress by the Constitution. The history of the
formation of the Constitution furnishes abun-
dant evidence that such is not the case.
The proceedings of the Convention that
framed the Constitution are a matter of record,
and the interpretations placed upon the differ-
ent provisions of the Constitution, both at the
time of its formation and since by the most
eminent men this country has ever produced,
are preserved to us; yet, in the face of the
evidence thus furnished, we do find defenders
of principles and constitutional interpretations
that inflict the deadliest stab upon the whole
State-rights doctrine. But after the clear
views of Monroe, Madison, and Jackson upon
the powers of Congress in reference to this mat-
ter it is no longer a disputed or doubtful ques-
tion. We not only have the opinions of the
ablest statesmen of this country that no such
