1869."
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%mi
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And they are under
arfest until they are excused.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The presence of a
majority authorizes the excuse.
' The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Iowa make a point of ordfer
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
Blaine, [Mr. Peters?]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order; being of opinion
that under the usage of the House and from
the necessity of the case it is competent for
those who are present, though not a quorum,
to excuse members brought in by the Sergeant-
at-Arms. The question is on the motion of
the gentleman from Maine, that the gentleman
fron* Alabama [Mr. Buckley] be excused.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the motion by adding " on paymentof costs."
Mr. PETERS. I accept that amendment
as a modification of my motion.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, he had arrested and had at the bar of
the House Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, and Mr. Law-
rence, of Ohio.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Wilson,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer'/
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I was quite indis-
posed this evening, and after spending some
time in reading and writing I found that nature
was giving way, and I retired to my couch. I
was nearly asleep when some one knocked at
my door, came in, and directed me to get up
and find my way to the House. I am here iu
obedienceto the orders of the House as exe-
cuted by the Sergeant-at-Arms. My only ex-
cuse is indisposition, not, however, of a very
serious nature. I could have come here, yet
I was by no means well, nor am I now well.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I desire to inquire whether
the gentleman's "indisposition" was indispo-
sition to attend the session to-night ?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I answer that I was
and am physically indisposed, though not to a
very serious or alarming extent.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
feels compelled to rule that it is not in order for
members to put questions to those who are
arraigned at the bar of the House.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. The practice has always
been the other way.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move that the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Wilson] be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Law-
rence, you have been absent from the session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer to the House for vourabsence?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. *Mr. Speaker,
for two weeks I have been engaged at night in
the preparation of a report on the New York
election frauds. I have attended every daily
session; but it has been a matter of indispens-
able necessity that I should occupy the evenings
in the preparation of this report. I have gen-
erally asked one of my colleagues to have me
notified if any vote by y eas and nays was to be
taken, the House having generally been in
Committee of the Whole at the evening ses-
sions. If I had supposed my presence here
to be essential this evening I would have come.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire through the Chair whether the gentleman
from Ohio was engagsd in preparing his report
when the Sergeant-at-Arms notified him to
attend?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I was.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move that the gen-
tleman be excused.
Mr. PETERS. Ofrthe payment of costs.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Oh, no.
Mr. PETERS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. Churchill's motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. What has become of my
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio takes an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair in reference to the motion
of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make the point of
order that it is too late to take an appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The gentleman
from Ohio took his appeal in time, and it has
only been interrupted by the reports from the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. BURR. I make the point that less than
a quorum cannot decide the question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order, as less than a
quorum can decide all questions incidental to
a call of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, and Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 15, noes 61.
So (one fifth not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Farnsworth1 s
motion to lay the appeal on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved that the House
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
46, noes 52.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in obedience to the order of the
House, he had taken into custody and brought
to the bar Mr. Van Horn, of Missouri, and
Mr. Gravely.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Van
Horn, you have absented yourself from the
session of the House without its leave ; what
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I was in
attendance on the session of the House until
a short time ago, when I retired from the Hall
for sanitary reasons. [Laughter.] I expected
to be absent only for a few moments. It was
an accidental absence. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the gentle-
man be excused on the payment of costs.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Gravely,
you have absented yourself' from the session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. GRAVELY. I have long intended to
call on the Speaker at his Friday evening re-
ceptions, and I left the House this evening
with the intention of doing so. When noti-
fied by the Sergeant-at-Arms that my presence
was required, I came at once to the House.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the gentleman
be exeused.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On the payment of
costs.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. Peters's motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in obedience to the order of the
House, he had taken into custody and brought
to the bar Mr. Van Aernam.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Van
Aernam, you have absented yourself from the
session of the House without its leave;. what
excuse have you to offer 1
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I have no other ex-
cuse than this: I went with my daughter to
pay my respects to theSpeaker of the House.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the gentleman
be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOUGrHRID€rB moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 54.
Mr. PAINE demanded the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn;
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Mr. Speaker, in
pursuance of the order of the House, I now
have at the bar Hon. Mr. Dawes, of Mass'a-
cbusctts
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Dawes,
you have been absent from the session of this
House without leave of the House. What
excuse have you to make ?
Mr. DAWES. I was here till nine o'clock.
At the time I left the House there was no indi-
cation that a quorum was necessary; hut as
soon as I was notified I reappeared. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TWICHELL. I move that he he
cxcuscd.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think he ought to be.
He is candidate for Speaker, and was attend-
ing to his interests. [Laughter. ]
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Dawes
was accordingly exeused.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
adjourn; and on that I demand the yeas and
Mr. NEWSHAM. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. [Laughter. J
. On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 18, noes 74.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Tellers
on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
So the motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I move to recon-
sider the vote whereby my colleague [Mr.
Buckley] was excused upon payment of costs.
Mr. ROSS. I move to reconsider the vote
whereby all were exeused.
Mr. NEWSHAM. I cannot understand how
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Buckley]
can be the colleague of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Whitiemore.] Laugh-
ter.]
The motion of Mr. Whittemore was agreed to.
The question recurred on excusing Mr. Buck-
ley on payment of costs.
Mr. J ODD. I move to amend by striking
out " on payment of costs."
The amendment was agreed to; and Mr.
Buckley was accordingly excused without the
payment of costs.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I rise to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Does the vote to excuse
a member carry with it the payment of costs ?
The SPEAKER^ro tempore. The practice
has been, as the Chair is informed, when mem-
bers are excused they are not charged with
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. The rule expressly
says the House shall afterward decide whether
they shall pay costs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The construc-
tion has been when they were excused they
were excused without the payment of costs.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
Mr. HIGBY. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman was brought here under
&rr6st
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has been excused.
The motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, was
disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to report
the other absentees he Has arrested at one
o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
would be compelled, under the rulings hereto-
fore made, to rule that that motion is not in
order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I thought
the vote might show a quorum.
