1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4ft9
sage, and all vessels that arrive after that time
pay the duty, and all fortunate enough to get
m before that day are exempt. You have got
to fix some time. Any time that you fix will
operate injuriously to somebody. If you put
off the tariff for sixty days it will induce spec-
ulation and increase importation in order to
evade the new duty. On the whole, therefore,
Ithinkit better that the tariff should take effect
on the day of its passage. Everybody is then
treated alike.
Mr. WHYTE. I desire to correct the Sen-
ator from Ohio. The very last tariff act of
1861 did not take effect from and after its pas-
Mr. SHERMAN. I was speaking of the
last tariff act which, 1 think, was passed the
session before last.
Mr, WHYTE. The act of 1SG1 is the act
which fixes the rate of. duty on copper.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like the Senator
from Ohio to state whether the last act was
not the wool act?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and that took
effect on the date of its passage.
Mr. GRIMES. Was there not a subsequent
law introduced in regard to it?
Mr. SHERMAN. There was a bill intro-
duced, but no action was ever had upon it. A
great many haid cases occurred under that law
where the importation was not completed. In
fact, before the taking effect of the act cases
of reclamation were made.
Mr. WHYTE. The tariff act relating to
ores of copper and so on, was passed in March,
1801, and it did not take effect until a future
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland.
Mr. ERE LING HOT SEN. I should like
to have it reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows :
And provided aho. That the increased duty im-
posed by this net shall not apply to any of the arti-
eleiitheiein enumerated which shall have been in
course ot transit to theUmted States bctore the pas-
sage of this act.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on tlie amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, ot Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Maryland to insert the words
" and actually on shipboard," in his amend-
ment.
Mr. WHYTE. I have no objection to that.
It is to cover just such a case.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me state to the Sen-
ate some facts on this question. This bill must
go back to the House, as it has been amended.
It is difficult to tell exactly when it will take
effect. Probably it will pass some time before
the -lth of March. I am not aware whether
the telegraph has extended to Chili or whether
telegrams can be sent there ; but at any rate
persons who are fortunate enough to hurry
forward and get this ore on shipboard by the
4th of March next or whenever this law takes
effect will have the advantage of evading a duty
of some ten or twenty per cent. It seems to
me that the better way is to let all take their
chances and fix the time for the taking effect
of the act either on the passage of the bill or
the 1st day of April or on some other fixed
day, so that all parties may act in view of it.
I do not think it is a correct rule to allow ex-
ceptions for cargoes on shipboard. There have
been many such exceptions in tariff hills, but,
according to my observation, they have not j
always worked well. In many cases they have
led to excessive importations in order to evade j
the duty. Therefore if a future day is to be 1
fixed it would be a great deal better to fix the '
1st of Apiil next, or some specific day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, there
are millions of tons of these ores on store at
all times in the immense warehouses of Lon-
don. The telegraph is in communication with
Cuba and Loudon, and before the middle of
next week all the ores that are mined to-day
iu the great marts of the world could be placed
P>r- Se?5.—No. S-L
on shipboard. I hope that the bill will take
effect from and after its passage, for it you leave
this opportunity to telegraph over the world
you will have all the copper ores of the world
afloat before this bill takes effect.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest to th-
Senator from Maryland to modify his amend-
ment so as to provide that all copper ore on
shipboard on the 19th of January be exempt.
I look upon copper that is on shipboard now
coming to this country the same as if it had
landed here.
Mr. WHI'TE. As every proposition I make
in the Senate is' made iu good faith and with
no tricks about it, I accept the modification
suggested by the Senator from New Jersey.
Sir. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
will not pass in any form, for I cannot see why
we should invite importers to bring in large
quantities of this article to glut the American
market, thus injuring the interest which we ore
endeavoring to protect. I cannot see why the
article on shipboard and bound to the United
States, if you please, ought to bo exempted
from the additional duty, while the same arti-
cle ready to be shipped in a foieign port and
actually shipped the day after is to be subjected
to the additional duty. It seems to me to be
unequal and unjust. We are seeking revenue
primarily by tho imposition of this impost, and
incidentally protection to our own domestic
product. Why should we make fish of one and
flesh of another?
Mr. WHY TE. I will state to the Senator
from Michigan thai that is just what we com-
plain of, that he is making lisli of one and ilesh
of another.
The PRESIDENT pro The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. How docs tho amend-
ment stand now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read once more
as it stands.
The Chief Clerk read as fellows;
Provided, That the increased duty imposed by this
act shall not apply to ;:ny of the niUcle.s (herein
enumerated which shall hove been in cnul'Je of tran-
sit to the United States and actually on shipboaid
on the iUtli ot January, lstjO.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2ij, nays 2-i; as follows :
YEAH—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, I>avis, Dixon,
Edmunds. Perry, Fe.-.scuden, l^owter, lo'ohnglniy-en,
(innies, Hondeison, Howe, MeCreery, .Mor.ean, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, P it terson ot Kcw
ilauipshn c, Sumner, Van Winkle, Vickies, Warner,
Wliyto. Willey, Willium-., mid Wilson—:;S.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron. Chandler, Cole,
Conncss, Drake, ilarlan, Karris, Howard, Keltoft^,
McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomcroy, Itiee, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman,
Stewart. Tha>or, Trumbull, and Wadf—2i.
ABSiONT—Mc.-srs. Bayard, Buekalcw, CatMl, Cor-
bett, Oi ason, Dor, lit tie. Jlendi ieks, Moirill ot Maine,
Pool, Rairwey, Saulsbury, Spencer, Spraguo, Tipton,
Welch, and Yates—It).
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, inteuding to vote for this bill, I yetdcsiie
to say a word or two to justify my efforts to
improve it. Here is a bill that at one blow
strikes out of existence all the commerce that
we have in copper ores, employing a very con-
siderable number of vessels. W'e raise the
duty at least three hundred per cent. If the
Senator from Ohio was right yesterday in his
estimate of the proper amount of protection
upon Ores, when he is corrected to day he
ought to go for the amendment that I proposed
yesterday ; for yesterday we took the vote upon
his statement that the value of copper was
twenty-four or twenty-five ceuts per pound in
gold, when to-day it is conceded on ail hands
that that is only the value of it in currency,
which makes at least one third difference, and
that is all the difference that I proposed in my
amendment
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question 0
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I tune a good deal of cnii-
osity to hear the Senator from Vermont explain
the reason why he is for this bill if the passage
of it is going to destroy all the commerce that wo
have with the countries that produce this ore.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the rea-
son that I understand that the people who are
engaged in the business of mining at Lake
Superior are starving for bread.
Sir. GRIMES. Is that the reason why the
Senator proposes to tax every article of do-
mestic and household economy that is made
of copper forty-live per cent.
Mr. .MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to go into the general discussion. I
desire only to occupy three or four minutes in
order to justify the efforts which I have made
to improve this bill.
Again, I am not at all certain that the bene-
fits of this bill are going to accrue entirely to
the State of Michigan. 1 know, indeed, that
three fourths of ail the stock of these mining
companies is owned in the city of Boston and
its vicinity. It is to benefit speculators in fancy
stocks, as well as the hard-working men of
Lake Superior, and to a much larger extent.
Then, again, this bill raises the duty upon
every spike and bolt that is put into our ships
two and a half cents. The present duty is two
and a half cents per pound, and now we raise
the duty to five cents a pound, thus adding to
the burdens on our commerce. Under such
circumstances, I did suppose that the Senate
of tho United States would listen to some
moderation, but 1 see they will not, and tiiete-
1'ore I propose to vote for the bill ill its raw and
ragged shape, with the intention, whenever 1
ha\e the opportunity, to vote to improve it.
Mr. SHERMAN'."' Mr. President, I shall
vote for this bill simply to carry out the de-
liberate purpose of both commit tees tv/o years
ago. The Senator from Vermont was then
chairman of the Committee of Wuj a and
Means of the House of Representatives, lie
sent us a bill which imposed upon copper oro
substantially the duty imposed by this bill. It
was fully eousidcied in tiie Senate and we
somewhat, reduced it. Rut the IIousc Com-
mittee of Ways and Means sent us tho old
taiiff bill, as it was called, with these rates of
duty prescribed:
"On copper ore. tiftcen pci eent. ad vnlon.,n ; on
reyutu.. of eoppet, twenty per cent. 6.1 valurt-M ; on
eoppei in pi.es, ingots, or bais, fe'e cents per pound."
That was the recommendation made two
years ago. We have substuniiaily car: ied this
out in specific duties. The duty of three cents
a pound on copper ore is just about equivalent
to fifteen percent. According to the state-
ment ot Mr. Martin the gold \alue of the cop-
per iu the ore when it arrives here, before it
is smelted, is twenty-two and a half cents per
pound : and according to any statement I can
find it, cannot, be less than twenty cents a
pound in gold ; so that even at twenty cents a
pound in gold the rate ot three cents a pound
is equivalent to fifteen per eent. The bill ot
two years ago prescribed on regains of cop-
per twenty per cent., a higher rate ot' duty
than is proposed by this bill. R seems to me,
therefore, that Senators are, making a great
deal more out of this increase than one would
think for. The Senator from Vermont says
this is an increase of three hundred per cent.
So it is. Why? Because there was no duty
on coppcr ore before except five, per cent.
Nuw, when you increase it to ten per cent.,
the lowest rate of duty that is prescribed by
our tui iff, it is an increase id'one hundred per
eent. It sounds very large]} stated in that
way, but if you take tho ease of copper in
bais, manulacturod copper, it is about forty-
five per cent Yon might increase that fifteen
per eent. and it would only be ail increase of
some forty percent, on the old rate, and it. would
sound very differently. The way in which my
friend states the operations of this bill makes
it appear a irveat deal larger than it is.
llr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Tho Senator
f.om Oiiio 'undoubtedly intends to be accurate,
and this matter admits of mathematical dem-
olish arion. When he says that tin- duly im-
posed here is but ten per cent. I cuimot tii'mlx
! he understands it.
