1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. GRAVELY. I aslc leave of absence
for my colleague, [Mr. Newcomb,] who is sick.
He lias been here all the evening.
Leave of absence was granted accordingly.
Mr. TAFFE. Do I understand the Chair
to rule that it is not proper for the Sergeant-
at Arms to report to the House those he has
returned or arrested? The reason I wished to
make the motion was that a number of mem-
bers were at the same place I was, and were
either notified or arrested, as the ease may be;
but they do not appear here, and I want to
know if that is not contempt of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that that motion is in order.. The
Sergeant-at-Arms will of course make his re-
port to the House if it so desires.
Mr. TAFFE. I move that it be made now.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it sufficient for the
Sergeant-at-Arms to discharge his duty just by
sending a messenger to notify members? Is
he not commanded to bring them here? I
understand he has sent a boy or somebody
around to notify a great many gentlemen, who
have paid no attention to his summons, and he
pays no attention to that, but keeps us waiting
here while members are at home sleeping.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to offera
resolution which I think will settle the question,
so that we can suspend the call of the House
and adjourn. I oner the following resolution :
Reaolved, That all such members of the Houso as
have not appeared in pursuance of the Cft.ll of the
Houso and given satisfactory excuses shall be fined
the amount of the fees of the Sorgoant-at- Arms, sub-
ject to be released from tho payment of the same on
appearing hereafter and makinjr such oxcuses as shall
bo deemed satisfactory to the House.
If we adopt that resolution we can suspend
the call and adjourn. I ask the Clerk to read
a precedent from tho Journal of the Twenty-
Seventh Congress, which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Xaniufi? W.Andrews submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Remitted, That alUuch members of the House as
have not appeared in pursuance of tho call of the
House and given satisfactory excuse shall bo fined
the amount of tho fees of the Sergeant-at-Arms, sub-
ject to bo released from tho payment of the same on
appearing heronl'ter and making such excuses as shall
bo deemed satisfactory to tho House.'
•' A motion was made by Mr. Arrinoton to amend
this resolution by adding tho following: 'and that
the Clerk bo required to publish, with the proceed-
ings of this call of the Ilouso, the names of such
members as have failed to vote on the call of tho yeas
and nays which havo been mado during tho last
month from this day.'
_ " A motion was made at four o'clock and twenty-
iivo minutes that the House do adjourn; which was
passed in the negative.
"Amotion was mado by Mr.Barnard that tho
resolution done on tho table; which was decided in
tho negative.
"Tho previous question was then demanded and
put, namely: ' Shall tho main question bo uowput?'
and passed in tho affirmative.
" The main Question was put; first, on tho amend-
ment moved by Mr. Akkington, and passed in the
negative; secondly, on tho resolution, and passed in
tho nfnrmativo: and so the resolution moved by Mr.
Lanoakf \V. Andrews was agreed to.
"lurtlier proceedings in tho call were then dis-
pensed with, the doors wcro opened, and tho llouse
(at four o clock and forty minutes) adjourned."
Mr. KELSEY. Is there a resolution now
pending before the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Kentucky proposes the resolution
which has been read.
Mr. BROOMALL. Imake thepointof order
that it is not competent for less than a. quorum
to pass that resolution. The Chair cannot
entertain it while the proceedings show that a
quorum is not present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order under the rulings
already made this evening.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I beg leave to
read to the Chair the rule as found in the
Digest:
Bv an adjournment pending a call all proceed-
ings m the call are terminated; butwhere tho House
oTherwise"^ passe<* an ordor specially directing
Such as my resolution—
"such special direction should doubtless bo exe-
cuted.
I contend that that is precisely a case in
point, and that we can now adopt this resolu-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN". In the precedent cited
by the gentleman the resolution was adopted
when there was a quorum present.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. A quorum is not
necessary. It is precisely a case in point. We
can suspend the call until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, and then adjourn. I beg the Speaker
to examine the precedent I have sent up.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Post Office
appropriation bill; and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that that motion is not in order.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand that there is
a quorum present.
Tho SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has no information that there is a quorum
present; indeed his information is that there
is not a quorum.
Mr. WOODWARD. I submit that even if
there is a quorum present, while we are execut-
ing the order of calling the House no other
business can be interposed.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. What has be-
come of my resolution?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustained the point of order on the resolution
of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the appeal is too late.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, he hud arrested, and had at the bar of
the House, Mr. Hill and Mr. Sitgreaves.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Hill,
you have been absent from the sessions of the
House without its leave; what excuse havo you
to offer for such absence?
Mr. HILL. I have no excuse except that
some of my constituents who are hero in the
city desired me to accompany them to the
Speaker's reception this evening. I consid-
ered it my duty to do so, and went with them
there.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the gentleman be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Sit-
greaves, you have been absent from the ses-
sions of the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer for your absence?
Mr. SITGREAVES. Sickness.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I move that the gen-
tleman be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Sitgreaves] be allowed
leave of absence for the remainder of to-night's
session, on account of sickness.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRAVELY. I desire to move, for the
purpose of ascertaining whether there is a
quorum present, that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER ■pro tempore. The Chair
will state that there are one hundred and
eleven members present; one hundred and
twelve are required for a quorum.
The motion of Mr. Gravely was disagreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD (at five minutes before
midnight) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; upon a
division—ayes 83, noes 68.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be called upon to notify the
House of the names of the members whom he
has notified of the order of the House to ap-
pear here, and who have not responded to that
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Can a minority of the
House make such an order as that?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is a
motion in reference to the call of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a point
of order, that the only way in which the Ser-
geant-at-Arms can make his announcements
to the House is by his returns on the warrant
of the House.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I move that
the rules be suspended. I believe that motion
is now in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A motion to
suspend the rules is not now in order.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. It is now
past twelve o'clock at night. That brings us
to Saturday, and within the last ten days of
this session.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is still the
session of Friday.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire if the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House can use harsh
means to compel the attendance of members
when he is a candidate for reelection ? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is upon the motion of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. elt>ridge.]
Mr. ALLISON. I move that that motion
be laid on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I insist upon my
point of order, that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the point of order is not well
taken. It is undoubtedly true that, under the
rules of the House, the proper way for the
Sergeant-at-Arms to make a return would be
upon the warrant of the House. But as the
Sergeant-at-Arms is an officer of the Houser
it seems to the Chair that it is competent for
the House to order him to make a return in
any way that the House may deem proper.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then 1 make an-
other point of order, that under the rules of
the House it is the duty of the Sergeant-at-
Arms to make a return on the warrant of the
House. It is therefore not in order for less
than a quorum of the House to change the rule
which requires him to make tho return in the
manner I have indicated.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of the same opinion, that that rule must be
observed by the Sergeant-at-Arms. But under
the power given to the members present to
compel the attendance of absent members it
is competent for the House to direct the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to make a return forthwith.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to any
other return being made than that which the
rule requires.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not ask for any other
return to be made by the Sergeant-at-Arms than
the rules require. But I apprehend that the
Sergeant-at-Arms is- not able to bring these
absent members here of his own authority, and
I want to give him the assistance of the able
chairman of the Judiciary Committee to bring
them here.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that a motion that the Sergeant-at-
Arms bo directed to make a return in any other
form than that required by the rules is not in
order.
Mr. MOORHEAD (at twelye o'clock and
live minutes a. m.) moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. YOUNG. I call for tellers on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were thirteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. YOUNG. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were
eleven in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Would it not be in
order at this time to move to go into Committee
of the Whole for the consideration of the tariff
bill? [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorbead] is justas
