226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Railroad from Washington to New YorTc—Mr. Haigld.
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
powers were given to the Federal Government,
Dufc, on the contrary, were expressly denied to
it. All the decisions of the courts have been
to the same effect. The best judicial minds
of the country have always held that Con-
gress could not create corporations, except iri
those cases in which they became necessary
instruments for-carrying into effect some ex-
pressly granted powers. But I do not propose
to go any further in this question, for I do not
see how there can very well be any doubt about
it, except to refer in this connection to the
opinion of Chief Justice Marshall in the case
of Osborncs. United States Bank, (9Wheatonj
p. 860.) In reference to the creation of corpora-
tions by Congress he said:
" It has-never been supposed that Congress could
create such corporations. The whole opinion of the
court in the case of McCulloch vs. The State of Mary-
land is founded on and sustained by the idea that the
bank is an instrument which is necessary and proper
for carrying into effect the powers vested in the Gov-
ernment of the United States."
The power claimed by Congress under the
provisions contained in this bill will not stand
the test of the rule laid down by the same
jurist in a celebrated case, when he said:
" Let the end be legitimate; let it be within the
scope of the Constitution; and all means which are
appropriate, which are plainly adapted to that end,
and which are not prohibited, but oonsist with the
letter and spirit of the Constitution, are constitu-
tional."—McCulloch vs. Maryland. 4 Wheaton, 421.
Mr. Speaker, Congress certainly has not the
power to enter upon the soil of the States and
create private corporations or take control of
those already created by State legislation. That
would be an assumption of power which would
extend to the claim of eminent domain over
the soil of every State, and the appropriation
of the land and property of the citizens of the
State deemed necessary for the construction of
lines of communication between differentpoints
of the country. This should not be attempted
by Congress for the purpose of constructing
railroads or for any other purpose. Corpora-
tions have been created bythe States under their
constitutions and laws with such restrictions
and limitations as were considered necessary to
promote their domestic policy. But Congress,
by this assumption of power, proposes to annul
and destroy the solemn compacts entered into
between the citizens and the State, impairs the
obligation of contracts, and, in short, tramples
upon the lawful enactments of a sovereign
State. But it does even more than this ; it
takes from the States the right to control their
internal affairs, for the corporations created by
Congress will be under its control and subject
to its jurisdiction ; and the vast interests of the
States, built up by their local care and local
superintendence, will be absorbed by the Gen-
eral Government, and the people will feel the
effects of these extraordinary powers in the
increase of taxation to raise revenue to support
and provide for the expenses of their govern-
ments which are now in a great measure sup-
ported by the income received from the privi-
leges and franchises conferred upon corpora-
tions chartered by the States. A writer lately,
referring to the fascination of the internal
improvement system, has well said:
"The objects of the General Government and the
naturo or its powers are calculated to give it a pre-
ponderating influence over those of the States. It
is our shield in war; its offices have more attraction
for talent and ambition than those of the States, and
its public expenditures embrace a wider range and
aio more diffusive in their benefits. The character
of the public expenditures facilitates the transition
from legitimate objects to such as are of a more
doubtful charac ter. It adds to the means of the citi-
zens; it relieves their burdens: it multiplies their
accommodations; it facilitates their means of inter-
course; it stimulates their industry and enterprise,
and enhances tile value of their property. Tts influ-
ence is seductive, its beneficent character silences
inquiry, paralyzes resistance, and obliterates the
memory ot State rights and State obligations.
".Roads, bridges, canals, and telegraph lines are
the subjects of internal improvement. Their use is
to facilitate intercourse and transportation from one
place to another. If any subjects whatever require
simpio municipal regulation more than others these
are those subjects. Roads and bridges are a part of
the ' truwdm iteectititi,' to which every citizen was
bound to contribute by the ancient laws. They a're
altogether of a local nature. They require local
taxation, local superintendence, and local protection.
Internal improvements were not among the pur-
poses for which the General Government was insti-
tuted, nor is it the object of any one of its enumer-
ated powers. If the General Government has any
power over the subject, pray what are the limits?
"It appears to us thegeneralsubject dearly belongs
to the States, and that the cases in which it may pos-
sibly become necessary to the execution of the enu-
merated powers of the General Government are ex-
ceptions to the rule and in confirmation of it. Yet
such is the fascinating influence of the power that it
is much to be apprehended that now it has gone so far
that it is likely to obtain as common an operation as
if it was among the enumerated powers of the Con-
stitution. Look at the legislation in Congress to-day.
"It becomes those who still value State rights,
and yet advocate the extension of the powers of the
General Government to the subject of internal im-
provement, to review the subject and inquire whether
they have not mistaken the exception for the rule,
and whether the beneficent character of the power or
the magnificence of a system of national improve-
ment may not have beguiled^ them of their political
vigilance and influenced their conclusions."
It is stated in the title of the bill that one of
its objects is to authorize the construction of
a postal railroad between "Washington and New
York. Congress by an express provision of
the Constitution has the power "to establish
post offices and post roads,'' and it is contended
that the construction of this railroad for the
transmission of the mails is an incident of that
express power conferred upon Congress by the
Constitution. I am not aware that any author-
ity has been produced in this discussion to sup-
port that position, nor do I believe that it has
or can be successfully maintained. It was not
so understood at the time the provision was
incorporated in the Constitution, and the whole
practice of the Government from its foundation
up to this hour is a complete refutation of this
implied power. The preservation of the insti-
tutions of this country and the liberties of the
people forbid the exercise of implied power
except to aid in the execution of expressly
granted powers. The practice has always been
to carry the mails over the railroads constructed
under State auspices; they have proved amply
sufficient; but it has been urged in this discus-
sion that it is in the power of one of the corpora-
tions between Washington and New York to cut
off all railroad postal communication between
Washington and New York. This strikes me
as an argument, if an argument at all, with very
little force.' The railroad companies of the
country have always been willing and anxious
to carry the mails, and itis natural they should
be, for it adds to their receipts and emoluments.
It is hardly within the range of probability to
suppose such a thing will ever occur ; it is very
certain that presumptions or probabilities of
that kind will not justify Congress to enter the
territory of any State and create mammoth
corporations, or take control of those already
in operation under State legislation, in order
to insure the pretended "interest of the postal
service. It is well settled that the meaning of
the provision of the Constitution " to establish
roads" confers the power to select the roads
over which the mails shall be carried, but ex-
tends no further. Justice McLean says :
" If Congress can construct a bridge over a naviga-
ble water under the power to regulate commerce or
to establish post roads, on the same principle it may
make turnpikes or railroads throughout the country.
The latter power has generally been considered as
exhausted in the designation of roads on which the
mails are to be transported, and the former by the
regulation of commerce upon the high seas and upon
our rivers and lakes. If these limitations are to be
departed from there can be no others except at the
discretion of Congress."
The practice having always been to carry the
mails over the highways of the States I have
failed to see any good reason why the policy
should be changed now.
Mr. Speaker, when the Constitution of the
United States was adopted the States surren-
dered to the General Government the power to
regulate commerce, for the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution declares—
" That Congress shall have the power to regulate
commerce among the several States."
And under this provision of the Constitution
it is contended that Congress has the power to
authorize the construction of railroads, turn-
pikes, and telegraph lines. If Congress has
the power under this provision of the Consti-
tution to enact the legislation contemplated by
this bill I can see no limits to its power. The
constitutional power to regulate river and ocean
commerce is very different from the power here
assumed. Does the power to regulate com-
merce among the States extend to the creation
of instruments of commerce ? I am satisfied
that it does not, and was never so intended.
The power to regulate refers to the control of
what already exists. The creation of corpora-
tions by Congress in the States and without
their consent, as instruments of commerce,
was never dreamed of by the framers of the
Constitution. It is true that railroads were un-
known at the time the Constitution was formed,
but the legitimate power to regulate commerce
has no connection with the construction of rail-
roads as instruments of commerce.
I know it has been contended that the power
to regulate also confers the power to create,
and, when necessary, to execute. When that
necessity exists, I suppose, depends altogether
upon the will of Congress. But it is not my
purpose to occupy any time upon this question,
for it has been so often the subject of judicial
decision, and the distinction between the proper
regulation of commerce and the attempt to
create, construct, and exercise jurisdiction over
the means and instruments by which commerce
is carried on has been so clearly shown that I
only refer to it forthepurpose of calling atten-
tion to the opinion of the Supreme Court of
the United States in reference to the power of
Congress to regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several States. Thecourt
delivered the following unanimous opinion :
"The phrase can never be applied to transactions
wholly internal, between citizens of the same com-
munity, or to a polity and laws whose ends and pur-
poses and operations are restricted to the territory
and soil and jurisdiction of such community. Nor can
it be properly concluded that because the products
of domestic enterprise in agriculture or manufac-
tures, or in the arts, may ultimately become the sub-
jects of foreign commerce the control of the means
or the encouragements by which enterprise is fostered
and protected is legitimately within the import of the
phrase foreign commerce, or fairly implied in any
investiture of the power to regulate such commerce.
A pretension as far reaching as this would extend to
contracts between citizen and citizen of the same
State, would control the pursuits of the planter, the
grazier, the manufacturer, the mechanic,_ the im-
mense operations of the collieries and mines and
furnaces of the country; for there is not one of these
avocations the results of which may not become the
subjects of foreign commerce, and be borne either by
turnpikes, canals, or railroads from point to point
within the several States, toward an ultimate desti-
nation, like the one above mentioned. Such a pre-
tension would effectually prevent or paralyze every
effortafc internal improvement bythe several States;
for it cannot be supposed that the States wouid ex-
haust their capital and their credit in the construc-
tion of turnpikes, canals, and railroads, the remun-
eration derivable from which, and all control over
which, might be immediately wrested from them,
because such public works would be facilities for a
commerce which, while availing itself of these facil-
ities, was unquestionably internal, although inter-
mediately or ultimately it might become foreign.
"The rule here given with respect to the regula-
tion of foreign commcrcc equally excludes from the
regulation of commerce between the States and the
Indian tribes the con trol over turnpikes, canals, rail-
roads, or the clearing and deepening of water-courses,
exclusively within the States, or the management of
the transportation upon and by means of such im-
provements. The design and object of that power,
as evinced in the history of the Constitution, was to
establish a perfect equality among the several States
as to commercial rights, and to prevent unjust and
invidious distinctions which local jealousies or local
and partial interests might be disposed to introduce
and maintain. These were the views pressed upon
the public attention by the advocates tor the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and in accordance there-
with have been the expositions of this instrument
propounded by this court."
The effect of this legislation upon the States
must be evident, for if Congress has the power
to create corporations it has the power to con-
trol and manage them when created, and there-
fore all jurisdiction and control, including the
right to tax these corporations and their prop-
erty, is wrongfully taken from the States. It
has been settled by the courts that—
"All subjects over which the sovereign power of a
