1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
sincere now as he ever was in regard to that
tariff bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldeidse] insist
on his motion ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do.
Mr. ALLISON. I insist on my motion to
lay on the table the motion of the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, My motion, as I desire
to have it submitted to the House, is that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be required to state to the
House the names of the members he has noti-
fied to appear, and those who have neglected
to appear.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the motion in that form is not
in order.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. I desire to sub-
mita motion for the purpose of dispensing with
farther proceedings under the call ; but before
making the motion I -wish to read an extract
from the rules as given in the Digest:
" By an adjournment pending a caii all proceedings
in the ca.il are terminated; but where the House has
previously passed an order specially directing other-
wise, such special direction should doubtless be ex-
ecuted!"
Now, Mr. Speaker, I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock m. ; and if
this motion be adopted, I propose to move an
adjournment until that hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In accord-
ance with the ruling already made, the Chair
is compelled to rule that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is not in order.
Mr. WOODBRIDG-E. I move that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be instructed to make the re-
turn of his writ to the House so far as the
same has been executed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I make the point of
order that the return which the Sergeant at-
Arms has already made, by the presentation of
the delinquent members at the bar, is his return
so far as executed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will state my rea-
son for making this motion. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldbidge] moved a few
moments ago that the Sergeant-at-Arms be
directed to return the names of those whom he
bad notified to appear. That motion was very
properly ruled out of order. But it has been
stated here that many of the absent members
have been notified by the Sergeant-at-Arms
under his warrant and have not obeyed the
summons. For the purpose of ascertaining
officially the facts upon this point, I now move
that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to make
a return of bis writ so far as executed.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word on
that motion. The Sergeant-at-Arms has in-
formed me that when he observed that a call
of the House was impending, but before it had
actually been ordered, he sent out messengers
to notify absent members that a call of the
House would probably be made, and to request
them to come here. Some members have not
regarded that request; but in every instance
where the warrant of the Speaker has been
issued the Sergeant-at-Arms, as soon as he has
found the absent members, has arrested them
and brought them to the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER^wo tempore. Business will
be suspended to receive a further report from
the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The Sergeant-at-Arms reported that, in pur-
suance of the order of the House, he had now
in attendance at its bar Mr. Starkweather.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Stare-
weather. you have been absent from the sit-
tings of the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have no spe-
cial excuse to offer.
Mr. TW1CHELL. I move that the gentle-
man be excused.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have not heard the
gentleman's excuse.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I say again that !
I have no special excuse to offer. I have been j
here every evening that the House has beeu in 1
session until this evening, when I was unavoid-
ably detained at my room for some time. As
soon as I learned that the House was ia ses-
sion and wanted a quorum I came here. I
have no excuse. I am willing to pay-the fine
or suffer whatever other penalty may be satis-
factory to the House.
Mr. PETERS. Does the gentleman really
feel penitent? [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he has no excuse?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have no excuse
at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then, I think, if we are
to be consistent with our action in other cases
this evening, the gentleman ought to be ex-
cused. Let us furnish him with an excuse.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hold that it is
the business of every member to attend the
sessions of the House whenever he is able to
do so. I have not been absent heretofore;
but I have no excuse for not being in attend-
ance this evening.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
has no excuse, I move that the House give him
one.
Mr. MAYNARD. If we excuse the gentle-
man without the payment of costs, who then
has to pay the costs ?
Several Members. The Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. As this appears in the
record, perhaps the gentleman would not like
to have this charged up against the Govern-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that he be per-
mitted to pay if he pleases to do so.
' Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the gentle-
man from Tennessee be permitted to pay all
the costs, so they shall not be counted up
against the United States. [Laughter.]
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. As the gen-
tleman has given the best excuse of any to-night
but myself, I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I wish to ascertain
whether there is a quorum present, and that
can be done by tellers. I move for that pur-
pose that all further proceedings under the
call be dispersed with, and on that motion I
demand tellers.
Mr. JOHNSON. It can be ascertained in
another and better way whether a quorum is
present or not. I move to adjourn, and on
that motion demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BLAINE. That is the only way to get
at it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PERRY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. JoHXsojr and
Mr. Bkoomall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48, noes 60.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that, in obedience to the order of
the House, be had taken into custody and
brought to the bar Mr. Elliott, of Arkansas,
and Mr. Roots.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Roots,
you have absented yourself from the session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have you to offer?
Mr. ROOTS. I think my attenuated form
is sufficient evidence of my feeble health.
[Laughter.] In addition, I was kept at home
by some of my constituents who were advising
me how I might better serve my country.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I move that
he be excused.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. On the payment
of costs.
Mr.. PAINE. I should like to know whether
the gentleman from Arkansas did not pass
through the tellers on the last vote, although
he was iu custody ?
Mr. ELDRID GE. My colleague had better
stand back or he will be suspected of being a
recusant, [Laughter. 1
Mr. RANDALL. What are the easts ?
Mr. BURR. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is not here yet, as the Sergeaot-at Arms
has not produced him at the bar. [Laughter. J
Mr. RANDALL. He came, without being
sent for.
The amendment was rejected.
The motion of Mr. Vax Rous,, of Missouri^
was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Gentlemen under arrest
have no place except at the bar of the House
until they are excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Gentlemen
who are in the custody of tbe Sergeant-at-Arms
will remain at the bar until they are excused.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. They have ho right ia
their seats until excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Elliott,
of Arkansas, you have absented yourself from
the session of the House without its leave.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Arkansas. I can only
state that I was attending to home duties ancl
the spirit of the Arkansas press.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I move that
the gentleman be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House and reported that, as he was
bringing in absentees, Mr. Haioht and Mr.
Raxdall came up i  a hack voluntarily; that
he had promised to state the fact, and they
'were now at the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Haight,
you have absented yourself from the session
of the House without its leave. What excuse
have yon to offer ?
Mr. HAIGHT. I had an engagement to-
night which was imperative and impossible for
me to avoid. As soon as I could fulfill the
engagement I had entered into I came to the
House without being under arrest.
Mr. ROSS. I move thatthe gentleman from
New Jersey be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Randall,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without leave of the House. What ex-
cuse have you to offer?
Mr. RANDALL. I meant do disrespect to
the House. I was away by natural disposition.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that he be
excused.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend that he
be sentenced to pay a fine of $200,000 in green-
backs. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. And that the gentlemao
be allowed to collect it out of the nationaJ
banks. [Laughter.]
The motion to excuse Mr. Randall was
to.
Mr. ROSS. I move that Florence Scanneil,
of New York, be now excused. [Laughter.]
The Sergeaxt-at-Arms. In pursuance of
the order of the House I now have at the bar
Hon. Mr. Boxer, of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Boyer,
you have been absent from the sessiou of the
House without leave of the House. What ex-
cuse have you to offer?
Mr. BOYBR. No further excuse than that
having a slight cold I thought it imprudent to
be out late at night.; and as I had been rather
regular in my attendance I though 11 might avail
myself of this one occasion of the example set
me by so many gentlemen of remaining away ;
but I came when I heard that there was a call
of the House.
Mr. FERRISS.. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to ; and Mr. Boxer
was accordingly excused.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is the Chair informed
that there is a quorum now present?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tbe Chair
has no knowledge on the subject.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will, then, make a
motion which will disclose tbe fact in the short-
