1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
40th Cong....3dSess.
Public Credit—Mr. Burr and Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Reps.
State extends are objects of taxation; butthoseover
which it does not extend are upon the soundest prin-
ciples exempt from taxation. This proposition may
almost be pronounced self-evident." * * *
' "The sovereignty of a State extends to every-
thing which exists by its own authority or is introduced
by its permission; but does it extend to those means
which are employed by Congress to carry into execu-
tion powers conferred on that body by the peoplo of
the United Slates? We think it demonstrable that
it does not.
It is not only claimed that Congress has the
power to create corporations, but also to en-
large and increase and confer new privileges
on those already created by the States. This
certainly would be conceding to Congress a
power unauthorized by the Constitution, for
any attempt to take from the States the reserved
right to regulate their own internal affairs is a
flagrant usurpation. Suppose we take for ex-
ample the State of New Jersey; how will, her
interests be affected? It will utterly destroy
the large income now derived from the rail-
roads already incorporated and leave the tax-
payers to foot up a heavy deficiency.
I find by reference to the report of the comp-
troller of the State of New Jersey that the
railroad revenues of the State during the past
year were as follows;
Camden and Amboy Railroad and Transportation
Company  $140,985 91
Delaware and Raritan Canal and Trans-
portation Company  78,185
New Jersey Railroad and Transportation
Company.  50.350 88
Belvidere Delaware Railroad Company...
Freehold and Jamesburg Railroad Com-
pany 
269,613 46
In 1867 these duties, including a receipt of
$26,724 41, which belonged to the year
1866, were  268,269 96
79 06
11 81
Excess of 1868   $1,353 50
The tax on capital was paid by the corpora-
tions mentioned below and in the amounts
there given, to wit;
Central Railroad Company  $38,540 50
Morris and Essex Railroad Company  34,869 66
New Jersey Railroad and Transportation
Company  28,437 50
Paterson and llamapo Railroad Com-
pany  1,240 00
Vi arren Railroad Company  10,295 25
113,382 81
In 1S67  99,971 15
Excess of 1863   $13,411 66
If to these amounts be added $20,410 9o
paid in by the Morris Canal and Banking Com-
pany as rent, the gross sum received from
these corporations during the past year was
$404,407 22, which is a fraction beyond four
fifths or eighty per cent, of the entire receipts
of the State fund.
I do not believe the people of that State
belonging to any political party are willing to
give up the right so long maintained by the
government of the State to control, regulate,
and tax the railroad and other corporations
within her limits.
The growing power and influence of the cor-
porations in the States is dangerous enough,
but it will be a great deal worse to have these
institutions wielding millions of money as na-
tional centers of influence, cofitrolling Congress
by their power and exerting an influence not
bounded by the limits of the State.
Public Credit.
REMARKS OF HOIS1. A. G. BURR,
OP ILLINOIS,
Ix tiie House of Representatives,
February 24, 1869,
On tho bill (II. r. No. 1744) to strengthen the public
credit and relating to contracts for the payment of
Coin.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, in the brief mo-
ment allowed me I can only indicate my dis-
sent from the bill in question and denounce the
spirit urging its passage. In this bill it is spe-
cially declared that " the faith of the United
States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
coin or its equivalent of all the interest-bearing
obligations of the United States, except in
cases where the law authorizing the issue of any
such obligation has expressly provided that the
same may be paid in lawful money or other
currency than gold or silver."
Sir, there is no equivocation in this language.
It is plain, direct, and positive. It is intended
to "remove any doubt as to the purpo&eof the
Government" on the public debt question.
How very different this language from that in
the Chicago platform of last fall which declared
that the bonds should be paid " according to
their letter and spirit!" There is no "letter
and spirit" here; it is plain language, "gold
or its equivalent." Why this difference? Be-
cause, sir, a grand conspiracy between parties
holding Government bonds forced the Radical
party to assume the position of servitude to
bankers and bondholders during the canvass of
last fall.
To secure public support loyalty was the
battle cry, and to allay public suspicion by
those who held that the five-twenty bonds were
payable to the banker just as the pension was
payable to the crippled soldier it was agreed
that the platform should not specifically pledge
gold payment lest it should be repudiated.
Therefore the "letter and spirit" dodge was
invented, and during the canvass "the letter
and spirit'' meant gold in one region and green-
backs in another. But so soon as a victory is
won by the party on the loyalty line this bill
defines what is meant by letter and spirit, and
says to the tax-payers, "You thoughtyou would
be allowed to pay these bonds as you do other
debts, in greenbacks, which constitute the
'lawful money of the United States;' but we
now declare that you shall pay the same in
coin orits equivalent!" Allwillagreethatthese
bonds will not be paid in coin, for the whole
civilized world does not contain coin equal in
amount to the bonds of our Government now
outstanding and constituting part of our in-
debtedness. Then it follows that the promised
payment will be in the "equivalent" of coin.
What will that "equivalent" be in lawful
money?
Assuming as a safe estimate that gold is
worth thirty-three per cent, more than paper,
it adds one third to the amount of our public
debt represented by the bonds in question.
The result of this increase is to add one third
to the taxation of the country, one third more
to the burdens now resting upon labor, and as
a result depress correspondingly the industrial
interests of all our people. And for what?
To convince bondholders that the Radical
party will perform its undertakings toward
them at all hazard, or in other words to re-
move all doitbts from the minds of those who
own the labor of the country by controlling its
capital. And it is said, sir, that this bill is
necessary to repel the implied charge of repu-
diation. That assertion assumes that a prop-
osition to pay the bonds outstanding in the
same money which pays for labor and produce
is repudiation.
Sir, those who perform labor and raise pro-
duce and pay taxes have been and still are in
favor of just such repudiation as will bring
labor up to its proper level and make the rights
of the producer equal to the rights of the capi-
talist. But it is charged that we who favor
what is popularly termed "greenback pay-
ments" propose to violate the implied terms
of a contract. That charge has been often
refuted, both here and before the people ; both
in the canvass and by the press. But suppose
for the moment that we were liable to that
charge, it is urged against us with poor grace
by those who propose to reduce the interest on
the bonds from six to four per cent., when by
the express stipulations of the law as well as
by the plain recitals of the bonds the holder
is entitled to demand and receive six per cent,
interest, payable semi-annually in gold. They
repudiate one third of a gold debt which we
would pay, and charge us with repudiation
because we will not pay an ordinary debt in
an extraordinary manner.
Bat, sir, I have no time now to argue. The
period for argument, has gone by. The same
party which carried a canvass by asserting that
the States should regulate suffrage, and then
construed its victory into a demand for uni-
versal suffrage by act of Congress, can only be
consistent in now construing the letter and
spirit of their own laws to mean gold for bond-
holders, bankers, and capitalists, and paper for
mechanics, farmers, laborers, and producers of
substantial wealth. Will the followers of that
party continue to be blinded and led captive by
eastern capitalists who use in turn the cry of
loyalty and the charge of repudiation as argu-
ments to induce western laborers to submit to
legalized robbery and plunder ? If so, they are
worthy only of the slavery which they invite.
But, sir, we are told that all kinds of pro-
duce commands a good price, and that the peo-
ple are in good condition to pay taxation.
Still, sir, it is true now as when uttered by
Mr. Lincoln, "A large debt is easier paid than
a larger one;" and before our laborers will
have paid our bonds in "coin or its equiva-
lent" they will find taxation no joke, and sla-
very to capital no mere party luxury. Even
now, v,-ith heavy taxes and scarcity of money,
if all national, State, and local taxes were due
in one day the money of the whole Union
would not be sufficient to pay the taxes. Let
but one failure of the staple products of the
great West occur and those who have sup-
ported the Radical ticket and laughed at pre-
dictions of hard times because their pockets
were filled with greenbacks will find that with
small crops and heavy taxes, with greenbacks
outlawed and capitalists demanding gold, pov-
erty will stare them in the face and grim want
invade the threshold over which for years
gone by have passed only the velvet-slippered
guests of luxury.
Then, sir, labor will scarcely bring enough
to sustain life. Then staple articles of manu-
facture will be without profitable markets.
Then capital, having overreached itself by
crushing industry, will itself lack profitable
return. Then repudiation will be more than an
idle term—it will become a fixed fact; a stern,
unavoidable necessity. When it comes, let it
be known that radicalism produced it by its
lack of candor in dealing with the people. The
owner of the goose which daily laid a golden
egg, moved by avarice, slayed the fowl to ob-
tain all its wealth at once"; and by his folly lost
all his income. So, too, capitalists now real-
izing golden treasures from the labor of the
country may, by trying to obtain all the coveted
wealth at once, overreach themselves and de-
stroy the source of all their gains.
I, sir, am in favor of paying our debt just as
we agreed to; but before I will consent to
crush the laboring masses for the benefit, of
bondholders may my tongue cleave to the roof
of my mouth and my right hand forget its cun-
ning.
Public Credit.
REMARKS OF HON. G. F. MILLER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA, %
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1s69,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1714) to strengthen the public
credit and relating to contracts for the payment of
coin.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, this bill may
properly be deemed one of importance. It
embraces two sections. The first provides—
" That in order to remove any doubt as to the pur-
pose of tho Government to discharge all just obliga-
tions to the public creditors, and to settle conflicting
