3404
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
February 19,
est possible time. I move that the further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with3 and
I ask for tellers on the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas and
nays. You cannot ascertain whether there is
a quorum without the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 62, not voting
110 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Blaine, Boyer, Bromwell, Buckland, Clift, Co-
burn, Dawes, Eckley, Thomas D. Eliot, James T.
Elliott, ITarnsworth, Gravely, Hamilton, Haughey,
Hawkins, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Ketoham, Koontz,
George V. Lawrence. William Lawrence, Lynch, Mc-
Cormick, Niblack, O'Neill, Phelps, Roots, Ross, Saw-
yer, Schenok, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Stover,
John Trimble, Twichcll, Van Acrnam, Robert T. Yan
Horn, Welker, William Williams, John T. Wilson,
Windom, Woodward, and Young—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker* Banks,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Blair, Boutwell,
Broomall, Buckley, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick .R. Butler, Callis, Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Deweesc, Dickey, Driggs, Egglesfcon, Eldridge,
Iferriss, Perry, Getz, Glossbrenner, Grover, Haight,
Higby, Hill, Hunter, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian,Kelley,Kelsey,Laflin,Loughridge, Maynard,
Paine, Peters, Pierce, Poland, Price, Prince, Ran-
dall, Raum, Robertson, Scofield, Shanks, Stevens,
Sypher, Taber, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Whittemore, James j\ Wilson, and Woodbridge—-62.
NOT VOTINGh-Mossrs. Adams, Anderson.Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Barnes, Barnum,
Benton, Bingham, Blackburn, Boles, Bowen, Boy-
den, Brooks, Cake, Gary, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Cook, Corley, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, De-
lano, Dixon, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Edwards,
Ela, Fields, Fox, French, Garfiold, Golladay, Goss,
Gove, Griswoid, Halsey, Harding, Heaton, Holman,
Hotch kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard 1). Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kellogg, Kerr,
Kitchen, Knott, Lash, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Mal-
lory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough,
McKeo, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morroll,
Morrissoy,Mulhns, Mungen, Myers, Ncwcomb, New-
sham, Nicholson, Norris,Nunn,Ortn,Perham, Pettis,
Piko, Pile, Plants, Polslcy, Pomoroy, Pruyn, Robin-
eon, Sclye, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Stewart,
btokes,Stone.Tift,Lawrenco S.Trimble, Upson, Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
VidaL Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Waihburue, Henry D.Washburn, WilliamB. Wash-
burn. Thomas Williams. Stephon F. Wilson, and
Wood—110.
So the House refused to dispense with further
proceedings under the call.
Mr. BANKS. I send to the Chair the fol-
lowing resolution, and on it I demand the
previous question :
Jiesolvcd, That further proceedings under the call
be suspended, and that tile House now proceed to
draw for seats.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
rnan from Massachusetts yield to mo to offer
the following amendment:
Provided, That members present shall be permitted
to retain their proscnt soats if they so desire.
Mr. BANKS. ^ I accept that amendment,
and call the previous question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the House that the latter part of
the resolution relates to a matter not connected
with the call in which the House is now en-
gaged. Bytlieorderof the House no busiuess
can be entertained at this evening's session
except business relating to the appropriation
bills, unless byunanimous consent. If, there-
fore, there is objection to the resolution it
cannot be entertained.
Mr. FERRY. 1 call for a division of the
resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts may offer the resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL, Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio,
and others objected.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The last vote
taken by the House was upon the same ques-
tion as_ that contained in the first part of the
resolution, and therefore that part of it is out
of order.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, (at twelve o'clock and
fifty minutes a. m.) I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is there ariy question
before the House?
Mr. BOYER. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. [Shouts of "Order!"]
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order is to wait for a further return" from the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
_ Mr. BOYER. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion. I desire to ask whether it would be in
order to take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair in reference to the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts? [Cries of
Too late I" J
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that it is too late to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair in reference to
that resolution. The Chair asks that business
may be suspended to receive a further return
from the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared, and an-
nounced that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, he had arrested and now had at the bar
of the House Mr. Driggs and Mr. Clift.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Dkiggs,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have you
to make therefor ?
Mr. DRIGGS. It is the first time, I believe,
that this has occurred during the six years I
have been a member of this House. I re-
mained in my seat until nine o'clock, when I
saw you were doing business without a quorum,
and having a great deal of writing to do I
retired to my room and remained there until I
was woke up in my bed, to which I had just
retired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was the gentleman writ-
ing when he was woke up? [Laughter.]
Mr. DRIGGS. I now make an apology to
the House, and I think somebody ought to
apologize to me for waking me. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRY. I move that my colleague be
excused.
Mr. ROOTS. I move to amend by adding
"on paying the fine in copper currency."
[Laughter. ]
The question was put on Mr. Ferry's mo-
tion ; and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Clift,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without the leave of the House. What
excuse have you to make therefor?
Mr. CLIPT. I have no plausible excuse
to make. I left the House at nine o'clock,
seeing that you were doing business without a
quorum, and have been at my room since.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentle-
man be excused.
Mr. BURR. It seems very strange that we
were without a quorum at nine o'clock, when
more than a quorum appear to have left us at
that time. They all say that they left at nine
o'clock and that we had no quorum then.
The motion of Mr. Broomall was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I now move to dispense
with all further proceedings under the call with
a view of offering a resolution, which I send to
the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the resolu-
tion, I do not care what it is.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will report the resolution, and the Chair will
then rule upon any question of order that may
be raised in regard to it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to bring the members now absent without leave be-
fore the bar of tho House at one o'clock to-morrow,
Saturday, February 20,1869, or as soon thereafter as
possible, and that they then be required to show
cause why they should not be declared in contempt
of the House, and abide the further order of the
House.
Mr. BROOMALL. My motion is that fur-
ther proceedings under the call be now dis-
pensed with, after which I propose to offer the
resolution which has been read.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall] to modify his
motion so as to postpone all farther proceed-
ings under tbe call until one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BROOMALL^ Under the ruling of the
Chair that cannot be done. We must make
the order I have indicated before we adjourn
to-night.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will hear the inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall]
be agreed to, will not that prevent him from
offering the resolution which has been read ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
will still be in session.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But having dispensed
with all further proceedings under the call,
will the House then have power to order the
Sergeant-at-Arms to bring to the bar of the
House to-morrow the members who are now
absent without the leave of the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] that
if all further proceedings under the call be
now dispensed with the resolution of which tbe
gentleman^ from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broom-
all] has given notice will not be in order.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then I withdraw the
motion to dispense with further proceedings
under the call, and move the following resolu-
tion :
Remlved, That tho Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to bring tho members now absent without leave be-
fore the bar of the House at one o'clock to-morrow,
(Saturday,) February 20, 1869, or as soon thereafter
as possible, and that they then be required to show
cause why they should not be declared in contempt
of the House, and abide the further order of the
House.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table, as the easiest way of
getting out of this difficulty.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion, so that I may move an
amendment to the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. I will hear it read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose that the reso-
lution be amended so as to make it read as
follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be censured
for disturbing honest gentlemen in their beds for no
reasonable purpose.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROMWELL. I move that the amend-
ment be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I raise the point of order
on the amendment that it is not germane to the
resolution I have offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I now move that the reso-
lution be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 21, noes 96.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon adopting the
resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes seventy-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that when this
House adjourns its present session it be to
meet on Monday next at twelve o'clock.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 34, noes 81.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I offer the following resolu-
tion, in substance the same that was offered a
short time since by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I offer it in order
to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, should it be again ruled out of order.
I offer the following resolution :
llesohed, That further proceeding!! under the call
no suspended, and that the House now proceed to
draw for seats, provided that gentlemen fiow present
