1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of my assertions, and before doing so let me
say that if die conclusions of this report are '
true—and I ask gentlemen from the southern ;
States to give me their ear on this point—if
the conclusions of the Commissioner as set
forth in this report are true, good conscience j
requires the American Congress to notify the :
laboring people of the world that they cannot |
improve their condition by coming to this coun- j
try. if this report be true in its deductions ;
it is a fraud upon individual immigrants and a
wrong upon humanity to invite working people
to leave their homes in other lands and come
to dwell among us.
The thesis of the report is that we liave since
1860 so legislated that while wealth is accumu-
lating more rapidly than it ever accumulated
in any other land or age the poor are steadily
growing poorer and the rich richer; that the
yawumg gulf between poverty and wealth is
ever widening in this country, and that the
laboring man and his family cannot live as
well upon their earnings as they could in 1800.
The report—and it is volumiuous—devotes
five or six pages only to the progress of wealth
and productive power in this country, butthey
suffice to show that it is with constantly in-
creasing velocity and momentum. If it be
true in that respect, and the laboring people
are really becoming poorer daily, we are on
the eve of an aristocracy more potent than any
that has preceded it, and of a social condition
such as the world has never seen. I propose
to inquire whether this startling proposition be
true. The Commissioner, assuming that his
array of facts have established it, says on
page 21:
"It has been well said that there can be no true
theoretic conclusion which will not be proved by
the facts whenever the theory can be applied. W*e
have given the theory of the effects of inconvertible
paper money, anil we find that the facts prove it.
The licU bccorac richer and the poor poorer."
Not satisfied with this, he says:
"The aggregate wealth of the country is increas-
ing, probably, as rapidly as at any former period;
yet it does not follow that there is the same increase
in general prosperity. The laborer, especially he who
has a large family to support, is not us prosperous a,s
he was m 1860. His wages have not increased in pro-
portion to the increase in the cost of his living. There
is, theretore, an inequality in the distribution ot our
annual product, which we must, in no stnall degree,
refer to artificial causes. This inequality exists even
among the working classcs themselves. Thesiuylo
man or woman, workingfor his or hersupportalono,
is in the receipt of arateofwages from which savings
may be made equal orgreater than everbefore, espe-
cially in tile manufacturing towns, where the price
of board is, to a certain extent, regulated artificially
by the employer."
And again, I ask gentlemen to listen lo the
Commissioner's statement of the condition to
which their legislation has reduced our coun-
trymen :
"Unmarried operatives, therefore, gain; while
those who are obliged to support their own families
in hired tenements lose, lleuee, deposits m saving-
banks increase, while marriage is di-couraged; and
the forced employment of young children is made
almost a necessity in order that the family may
live."
If this be the condition of our country, do
we not, as 1 have said, perpetrate afrau 1 when
we ask the laboring immigrant to come and
dwell among us? In order to illustrate this
point, I, too, have looked up some facts. I
have not had official station and clerks and
agents to enable me to collect them : but as a
citizen with my eyes open I have seen enough
to enable me to detect the deception perpe-
trated in this report, although the ligures by
by which they are perpetrated may perhaps
be true in themselves. Pages are filled with
tabular statements of the wages of laboring
people in 1860 and the cost of living at that
time, as compared with the wages ana prices
in 1867-08. Sir, 1860-01, and from 1857 to
the autumn of the latter year, was one of the
darkest periods ever seen by the laboring peo-
ple of America. Not one out of five of the
skilled workmen of the country was steadily
employed. In Philadelphia, when they wanted
lo build a street railroad they advertised for
two hundred and fifty hands at sixty cents a
day, and more than five thousand offered, a
majority of whom were skilled artizans who
could find no other employment. In the neigh-
borhood of one of the establishments, the sta-
tistics of which go into this report, a rolling-
mill, the number of unemployed men was so
great that the county authorities, to save its
skilled workmen from open pauperism, de-
termined to build a turnpike, and experienced
hands from rolling-mills were employed at
breaking stone and road-making at fifty cents
a day rather than become paupers. For the
comparatively few who had employment the
wages are, 1 assume, honestly given in the
report; but of the many who were picking up a
precarious living by getting an occasional day's
work at naif wages or quarter wages no account
is taken; and thus factsthat may be truein them-
selves, by being separated from those which
would have explained and interpreted them
are made to libel our country and the Congress
that carried it through the war. Let mo in this
connection bring the attention of gentlemen
to some facts.
Look at the palatial buildings erected in this
city during the last year and the comfortable
dwellings for mechanics and laborers. IIow
many of them there are ypu have all seen.
Tliey are built by squares and blocks. 1 have
endeavored to ascertain how many were built
in 1800, aud can hear of but four dwelling-
houses built in Washington in that year, lu
1801, so far as I have been able to leain, but
one dwelling house and one public school-
house, the contract price for which was $£1,500,
were erected. Leaving Washington, I go to
my own city, aud by turning to the report of
thebmldiug inspectors find that in 18GO twenty-
four hundred and seventy-two houses were
built. The decline had commenced, and in
1S01 but sixteen hundred aud seventy three
were built. In 1800 we enlarged five hundred
and eighty-eight buildings; in 1801 but two
hundred and four were enlarged. But in 1S68,
when the Commissioner tells us labor was not
as prosperous as in 1800, we erected forty-
seven hundred and ninety-six buildings and
enlarged twelve hundred and fifteen. In 1808
there was an active demand for labor, and labor
was high. It could determine its own wages.
In 1800 labor was begging employment and
wages wore low. As a general thing mechanics
had to accept whatever wages were ottered,
though in a few instances favored establish-
ments were able to run continuously and pay
fair wages. These exceptional cases have fur-
nished the Commissioner data for what he
announces as a general law.
The low rate of wages that ruled in 18G0
would have led a proficient in political econ-
omy Lo look for the facts I am now about to
lay before you. It is a law of social science
that when employment is scarce labor must
accept low wages and loses time ; but when
employment is quick and active labor regnlatt s
its own wages and is constantly employed. The
tables presented by the Commissioner ignores
this law, and is consequently a fraud upon Con-
gress and a slander ujionour country, the work-
ing people of which were never so prosperous
as now.
Let me also exhibit some comparisons be-
tween 1860 aud 180S, which bear upon tiie
question at issue. In that biessed year, 1800,
which the Commissioner eulogizes, the sheriff
of Philadelphia received seventeen hundred
and forty writs for the sale of real estate,
while in 1808, the year of congressional wrong
and pecuniary depression, the sheriff of that
city received but seven hundred and six writs
forthesale of real estate, a falling off of largely
more than fifty per cent., though in the inter-
val there has been an increase of forty per cent,
in the population and more than that in the
wealth of the city.
I turn now to savings-banks. The Com-
missioner refers to them, and should have
known that their records would be to his sta-
tistics wdiat the governor is to the steam-engine;
they would have pointed him to the fallacy or
confirmed the correctness of his conclusions.
Saving institutions are not favorites in Phila-
delphia. Our.workmen prefer to take up land
on ground rents and build their little homes.
To ascertain the savings of the working people
of Philadelphia we must obtain the figures
from building associations, which I have not
had time to do. We have, however, one sav-
ing institution that has stood for nearly half a
centuiy and is a representative institution. It
had in 1800 twenty-one thousand two hundred
and sixty-live depositors. When theyear 1861
closed it had but twelve thousand six hun-
dred and sixty-two depositors. The year 1860
found it with $4,083,450 of deposits, and tile
year 1861 left it with but $2,251,046. This is
the depository of the laboring people of Phila-
delphia, while they gather their first $300
toward building their homes, and its records
prove that nearly nine thousand of them were
stripped of their accumulated savings l>y the
lack of employment in the year which the
Conimissionerof Hevenue tells us was so favor-
able to them and their class, and two millions
of their hoarded dollars were withdrawn from
deposit and expended for the necessaries of
life in two years of that happy condition to
which he would restore the country. But in
1808, for which he says we have legislated so
eiudely and unwisely, the numberof depositors
had grown to be twenty-four thousand eight
! hundred and eighty-eight, and the deposits
had swollen to the sum of $0.003,879.
But let me pass beyond the capital of our
country and my own city, aud ask how it
has been and is with the people of other parts
of the country? I find by oiiici.il reports that
in Maine there were in 1860 on deposit in the
savings banks the sum of $1,400,457, but that
in 1807, when Congress had ruined the work-
ing classes, the less than one million and a
half dollars to their credit had swollen to
$5,598,000, in that sparsely populated sea-
board Slate.
If we go to Now Hampshire, we find that the
savings deposits there in 1800 were $4,800,000,
while in I860 they were $7,857,001. And I
am assured they have increased steadily in both
the succeeding years, although I have notbeen
able to gel the precise figures.
In Massachusetts in 1860 there were two
hundred and thirty thousand depositors, with
the sum of $45,05 1,2.50 on deposit.. But the
effect of the exemplar year of the Commis-
sioner was such as to reduce the number of
depositors five thousand and ten, aud the de-
posits $268,707, as they stood at the close of the
bank year of 1801.
In every State the record shows that there
was either a positive reduction of the number
of depositors and amount of deposits in those
two years, or that the increase of the volume
ot'deposits was arrested by the pressure upon
the laboring classes in the happy years between
1857 aud 1800, for the return of which the
Commissioner sighs so pileously.
But to return to the statistics of Massachu-
setts. Although in 1801 a drain had been
made upon the $4-5,000,000 on deposit in 1860,
in 18G6 the deposits in the savings banks of
that, little State reached the enormous sum of
$07,782,204. And since 18b0, in two years
of congressional wrong upon the laboring
classes, they have swollen from $07,782,204
to 804,838,000 54. In spite of the wrongs
inflicted upon them by our legislation the labor-
ing people of Massachusetts have in those two
years deposited more money in the savings
banks, have added to their deposits more
money than they had accumulated in nine
years preceding and including 1800. In those
two years, iti which, according to the report
of the Commissioner, their wages were so low
that they could not marry for fear of the ex-
pense of supporting families, they have added
to their accumulated deposits an amount equiv-
alent to nearly sixty per cent, of the entire
amount of deposits in the savings banks of the
State in 1S00.
1 have made this examination as broad as I
could make it in tiie limited time that has
elapsed since I received a copy of the Com-
missioner's report. Had not the report of the
Committee on Printing come in at this time I
