1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Public Credit—Mr. Gary.
Ho. op Reps.
mediately reselling it at whatever premium in
paper money the lender may see fit to give.
Renewals will be managed in a similar way,
and all efforts under this bill to prevent the
substitution of gold in the renewal of currency
contracts will be futile.
The proposed law will practically force all
the evils of immediate resumption upon those
who have no specie and give to those who have
coin all the advantages of a depreciated cur-
rency. It will stamp as "uucurrent" the
money of the people, and make gold the ap-
parent as well as the real standard. It will
open up a thousand and one ways for sharpers
to fleece the unsuspecting or the distressed in
the little transactions of every-day life. Men
will be forced or wheedled into making gold
contracts and be ultimately compelled to ad-
just the same on the basis of the value of a
metal which they never see, estimated at a price
far beyond its worth.
Who demands either the first or second sec-
tion of this bill ? Certainly not the farmers,
not the mechanics, not the laborers, not the
great body of the people. No petitions have
come up from them ; they are contentedly and
wisely adjusting their business affairs to the
present condition of the currency, and desire
simply that it be let alone. The cry for the
payment of the five-twenties in gold and for the
legalizing of gold contracts proceeds only from
the capitalists, the value of whose bonds will
be increased fifty per cent, by the one, and
whose opportunities to fleece the people fifty
per cent, by the other.
Public Credit.
REMARKS OF HON. S. E. CARY,
of ohio,
Is the House of Representatives,
February 25, 1869,
On the bill (H. E. No. 1744) declaring that all the bonds
of the United States shall be paid in coin.
Mr. CARY. Mr. Speaker, in my opinion
the title of this bill is a misnomer. _ Instead of
a measure to strengthen the public credit, it
should be termed a bill to render repudiation
of the public debt a necessity. There is a pos-
sibility and even a strong probability that our
national debt, large as ft is, can be paid accord-
ing to the letter and spirit of the laws under
which it was created. While the tax-payers of
the country will make any reasonable sacrifices
to meet in good faith the obligations of the Gov-
ernment they will not so readily consentto have
their burden made heavier to gratify the rapa-
city of bondholders.
The introduction of this bill by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is a tacit acknowledg-
ment on their part that the laws providing for
the issue of five-twenty bonds, and the bonds
themselves, do not positively provide for coin
payment. If by a fair construction of the law
coin payment is required, then this bill is a sim-
ple declaration on the part of this Congress that
the public debt shall not be repudiated. If, on
the other hand, it is clear that the five-twenty
bonds are payable in the money of the people,
then this is a proposition to disregard the law
creating these bonds, repudiation in behalf of
bondholders, and impose new and additional
burdens upon the productive industries of the
country. .
But it is said that the mode of payment or
the five-twenties is a mooted question, and the
passage of this bill will settle it and give as-
surance to the holders of Government secur-
ities that they will be paid in coin. _ If doubts
exist on this subject, then I maintain that
these doubts should be resolved in favor of the
debtor and not the creditor class. This con-
struction should be given for the additional
reason that the bonds were purchased at a dis-
count of fiftv per cent, in coin, and have been
yielding a gold interest of twelve per cent, on
cost price. Upon what principle of law, jus-
tice, morality, or fair dealing should the pro-
ducers of wealth, now staggering under a load
of debt, have one third more added to the
burden solely for the benefit of a privileged,
non-tax-paying, moneyed aristocracy? This
outrage assumes a greater magnitude when we
remember that the very class of men who must
pay the bonds is the only class who made sac-
rifices during the war. We are told that this
measure will strengthen the public credit and
inspire the holders of our securities with con-
fidence that they will get their pay. Much is
said of the sacredness of our obligations and
the imperative duty resting upon us to pay the
war debt in such manner that no taint or stain
of dishonor shall attach. I believe, sir, in the
full payment of the nation's debt according to
the fair construction of the law and the bond;
but there are obligations more sacred, there
are duties more imperative resting upon this
people than even the payment of Government
bonds. The people owe it to themselves first
to support their families and see that their
earnings are first appropriated to secure food,
shelter, and education to those dependent upon
them. The right to possess and enjoy the
fruits of one's labor is a divine right older
than civil government and paramount to all
other claims. Government may exact from
the poor man such share of his daily earnings
as will enable it to give him and his full and
adequate protection. When Government de-
mands more than this, when it leaves him only
rags and an empty cupboard, taking all else to
fill the coffers of an untaxed, moneyed aristoc-
racy, it becomes a robber rather than a pro-
tector. That Government which beggars me
by its exactions and takes the bread from the
mouths of my children to give it to the bond-
holder I am under no moral obligation to
maintain.
When Congress assumes to bind the people
to a money contract, the payment of which
would result in degradation, bankruptcy, and
ruin, and make the producers of all wealth, the
laboring classes, the mere vassals of a privi-
leged class, they have a right by the^ laws of
God and man to repudiate it. If this or any
other Congress shall attempt to subject the
laboring whites and the enfranchised blacks to
a common slavery in order to keep faith with the
public creditor, and pay bonds in a money not
known to the people, the power behind the
throne will make bare its almighty arm. Chief
Justice Marshall said:
" That every man has a natural right to the fruits
of his own labor is generally admitted; and that no
other person can rightfully deprive nun of these
fruits and appropriate them against.his will seems
to be the necessary result of this admission.
Another distinguished authority says that
every man's earnings belong to hiinselt exclu-
sively as against the whole world; and that the
taking away of any portion of them on any
pretense whatever, except a small share for
the use of the Government which protects
him, is robbery.
It will be said that the people have a right
to do what they please with their earnings;
that we are the Representatives of the people,
and are here to do their bidding. Admitting
this proposition ill its full force, I deny that
they have given us any instructions, either
express or implied, to pass this bill. Onthe
contrary, its passage would be an imposition,
a fraud, and a deception. The Republican
national convention at Chicago declared that
the public debt should be paid according to the
letter and spirit of the laws under which it was
contracted; but it did not and dared not say
that the letter and spirit of the law required
pavmentof the five-twenty bonds in coin ; nor
did the leaders of that party in their discus-
sions before the people intimate that these
bonds were to be thus paid. The Republican
city council of my own city with great «na_
nimity passed a resolution, and the Republican
State conventions of Ohio and Indiana by their
platforms declared that these bonds were pay-
able and should be paid in greenbacks. Hun-
dreds of thousands of voters in the West were
misled and deceived by these pretenses. They
may quietly submit to the frauds practiced
upon them, but I do Hot believe they will. The
same great convention of the dominant party
solemnly declared that the question of suffrage
in all loyal States properly and rightfully be-
longed to those States respectively. Here,
again, the people have been deceived; for the
very men on this floor who received their votes
on this assurance now propose that negro suf-
frage shall be forced upon a loyal State against
the will of its people. I rejoice, sir, that neither
of these flagrant abuses of public confidence
are without remedy.
The passage of this bill may temporarily
enhance the price of Government securities
and give the "bulls" an advantage over the
"bearsbut it does not follow that the bonds
will be paid in coin. This law can be repealed
by a subsequent, Congress without in the slight-
est measure affecting the good faith of the
nation. The laws under which the debt was
contracted are to be interpreted according to
their own terms without regard to the opinion
of a majority of this Congress. Our constitu-
ents will have something to say about the proper
interpretation of these laws and of these bonds
before the bondholder gets his gold. I warn
gentlemen not to presume too much upon the
forbearance of a betrayed, an overtaxed, and
an unequally taxed people. The maintenance
of the public faith, the sacredness of the nation's
honor, are patriotio themes and will induce
the producers of wealth, the tax-payers, to
endure much and suffer long, but endurance
and long suffering have their limits; and I
mistake the charaet-er of the American people
if there will not be a limit to the taxing power
of this Government-.
The people have been, and they are still,
patriotic. They cheerfully poured out their
blood to preserve the integrity of the Union,
and there is no reasonable sacrifice which they
will not make to preserve the public faith and
pay the debts of the war. But such a war debt
never was paid in coin by any Government
under heaven. With our immense resources
we can pay this debt according to the fair con-
struction of the law, be magnanimous to the
bondholder and just to the tax-payer. The
Shylocks took every advantage of the Govern-
ment's extremity when it was struggling for
life. They demanded exorbitant rates of inter-
est for their money, and now ask the payment
of currency bonds in gold at more than twice
their cost price. To make this swindle upon
the people effective every effort has been made
by the Secretary of the Treasury and bankers
and bondholders to contract the circulation,
call in and cancel the legal tenders, that there
might be no lawful money except gold and
silver. There has been a studied, persistent,
and combined effort ta deprive the people of
the only means they had of making exchanges
and payments. They have been insulted by the
miserable pretense that there was a plethora
of money when they have scarcely had enough
to satisfy the inexorable demands of the tax-
gatherer, much less to supply the necessary
wants of their families. I concede that the
money-lender, when he gave fifty per cent, in
gold for his bond, believed that at its maturity
he would receive one hundred per cent, in g°|d ;
that then there would be no lawful money but
coin. It was with him (with honorable excep-
tions) a matter of pure speculation, and this
bill proposes that his hopes shall be realized.
Greenbacks are still the money of the people,
and although insufficient in quantity to answer
the legitimate requirements of business they
are satisfied with them as a safe and reliable
measure of value. The people comprehend
the situation. They perfectly understand that
if gold payment of bonds is assured the com-
mercial value of all other property depreciates,
