THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
should have been more elaborately prepared
and exhibited fuller figures. I will give you
snob as I hare collected, and believe that they
will, imperfect as they are, prove a sufficient
offset to the fallacies of the Commissioner.
. In Rhode Island in I860 the deposits in sav-
ings banks were $7,765,771 ; in 1866 they were
$17,751,713, an increase of one hundred and
fifty percent, in spite of greenbacks and a pro
tective tariff. In Connecticut, from 1860 to
1866 they rose from eighteen to thirty-one
millions. And so it is all over the country. If
the Commissioner of Revenue is to be believed
the unmarried mea who, by reason of the
unwise legislation of Congress, dare not marry,
have annually added hundreds per cent, more
to the savings-banks deposits than all the
laborers of the country could when they were
wisely cared for by free trade legislators ! I
do not believe it; and if there be any great-
hearted girl and her lover on the other side of
the Atlantic who want to come to a country
in which they may prosper, I tell them that the
warning of the Special Commissioner of Rev-
enue is false and fraudulent; and that they
may come to the United States with the cer-
tainty of finding a country in which the morals
of the working people are good, because their
condition is prosperous enough to guaranty to
each sober and indastrious family a home.
Sir, let me tell you more than this: while
these deposits have been accumulating thou-
sands and tens of thousands of our laboring
people have been making provision for the
future by insuring their lives. In Massachu-
setts alone, the amount of life insurance on
January 1, 1868, on maintained policies was
$1,234,630,478. When people in addition to
laying up money at interest are insuring their
lives, they are living well; but when, as in 1860,
past accumulations in savings banks are run-
ring down, and they are wasting their time in
enforced idleness, they cannot live well and
contribute freely to the support of the Govern-
ment. Accept the recommendations of the
Commissioner and you will paralyze industry,
reduce wages, throw the producingclassesupon
their deposits for support and deprive them of
the power to keep up the insurance on their
lives. Such facts as I have presented are suf-
ficient to refute a thousand fine-spun theories.
It may with the ingenuity that fashioned this
report be said that the policies to which I have
referred are on the lives of wealthy people.
But such is not the case; two hundred and
sixty-five out of each thousand of them are for
$1,000 or less; five hundred and forty out of
each thousand are for $2,000 or less: seven
hundred out of each thousand for $3,000 or
less. Only three hundred out of each thou-
sand are for amounts over §3,000. These
policies are the precautions taken by well-paid
industry to provide for widowhood and orphan-
age after the head of the family shall have
paid mortality's last debt.
I am admonished by gentlemen near me
that my time is nearly out, I may, therefore,
have to return to this report. I ask gentlemen
from West Virginia, Kansas, Michigan, New
York, and Alabama to look at its statements
relating to salt. It dwells upon the Island of
Carmen, in Lower California; it tells how
cheaply salt could be furnished from that is-
land were it not for the duties imposed bv the
tariff; but it does not breathe a word of Ver-
milion bay or Avery's Island or Petit Anse, the
world-famed salt island in Louisiana, where all
you have to do is to use the crowbar, the pick-
ax, and rollers to produce and prepare salt
finer and purer than that of Carmen's island or
than the world elsewhere yields—a deposit of
salt that was deemed sufficient to justify Jeffer-
son in the acquisition of Louisiana even if it
had been the only advantage ; a deposit of salt
that has never been resorted to except by the
confederacy, (and it drew its whole supply of
salt from it.) because the southern leaders,
holding to the revenue-tariff doctrines of the
Special Commissioner of Revenue, preferred
having their ships and their workshops on the
other side of the Atlantic—preferred prevent-
ing the development of the mineral resources
of the South especially, and of the whole coun-
try. The island near the head of the Atcha-
felaya, in Vermilion bay, but ninety miles from
New Orleans, is within our own limits ; and' I
apprehend the Commissioner is not ignorant
of the fact that northern enterprise and capital
have purchased it, and under the protection
given by our tariff to such a preliminary outlay
of money, are about employing freedmen to pre-
pare a cheap way to market by water carriage,
by which they hope to afford a cheap and full
supply of that superior salt to the markets of
the Atlantic slope of the continent.
The Commissioner also dwells at length upon
the subject of pig-iron, and tells us that a profit
almost equal to that on general merchandise
has for a short time been made on the manu-
facture of pig-iron. But, he does not tell us
how completely the want of that iron has
enslaved us to England, or how the report of
these profits is stimulating the erection of fur-
naces not only in Pennsylvania and Ohio, but
in Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, West Virginia,
Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia,
Alabama, Oregon,, and other States. I may
ask the gentleman to yield me two or three
minutes more, that I may complete this state-
ment. The rapidity with which furnaces are
being built in new fields gives us the prom-
ise of a supply of native pig-iron. Nothing
will do more than that to promote a return to
specie payments. I hold in my hand a circu-
lar which reads thus: "Fifty-eight, Old Broad
street,,' London, November 30, 1868, from S.
W. Hopkins & Co., exporters of railway iron.
Monthly Report of Exports of Railsfrom Great
Britain, extracted from the Government Re-
turns." By this report it appears that in the
ten months ending October 31, 1808, Great
Britain exported five hundred and nine thou-
sand nine hundred and sixty-eight tons of rails
Gentlemen probably think that England's colo-
nial dependencies took most of this iron ; that
British India, British North America, and
Australia took it. No, gentlemen ; we are her
chief commercial dependency. She is onr
mistress, and we maintain her throne and aris-
tocracy. No; the British dependencies took
but eighty-four thousand tons, and her Ameri-
can dependency, the United States, took two
hundred and twenty-eight thousand tons. Of
the five hundred and nine thousand nine hun-
dred and sixty-eight tons of rails we took
twenty-one thousand tons more than British
India, Russia, British North America, Swe-
den, Prussia, France, Spain and Canaries,
Cuba, Brazil, Chili, and Australia.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to yield
for five minutes longer.
Mr. ELA. I cannot yield any further.
Mr. KELLEY. Very well; 1 will then have
to recur to the subject hereafter, fori mean to
show up the fallacies of this report more fully
than I have been able to do in half an hour.
Mr. ELA. I -yield fifteen minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio.
ilr. GARFIELD. I confess my great sur-
prise at the opposition of the gentletoan from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kblley] to the printing of
this report of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue. I think, if the gentleman is really in
earnest about it, he lias made a most damaging
admission. We have an officer appointed to
examine and report to us facts and recom-
mendations in regard to our financial condi-
tion. His annual report is before us, and the
gentleman does not wish it printed. He ad-
mits, in the first place, that the facts stated are
generally correct; that the statistics collected
and arranged in tables are true and correctly
slated; but declares that the marshaling of the
facts is dangerous; that they are put together
in such a way and such an inference is drawn
from them that the report is dangerous to Con-
gress and to the enlightened people of the
country. The gentleman asks this House to
make a humiliating confession, in which I, for
one, am not ready to join. If any theories or
opinions of mine can be damaged by facts so
much the worse for my theories. It seems to
me that the gentleman gives away his case,
abandons his ground of attack, when he starts
out by admitting the general correctness of the
figures.
What, then, is the fault he finds with the Com-
missioner? If the things stated are facts what
is the matter? Why, the gentleman's griev-
ance is contained in a single paragraph of the
report on page 15. As the result of the
tables collected from a very wide range of ob-
servation, the Commissioner concludes that the
cost of living, the food, clothing, shelter, light
and fuel of families in this country was about
seventy eight per cent, higher in 1868 than it
was in 1860-61, the year before the war; while
the average wages of the unskilled laborer is
but fifty per cent higher, and of the skilled
laborer but sixty per cent, higher than in 1860-
61. Those are the two deductions drawn by
the Special Commissioner from the great mass
of facts and figures brought under his observa-
tion, and from these it appears to the Com-
missioner that the laboring man can lay up
less of his earnings at the end of the year than
he could in 1860. The Commissioner had also
shown that the wealth in the hands of the cap-
italists of the country is rapidly increasing.
This did not provoke an attack from the gen-
tleman. He either does not deny it or is glad
to have it proved ; but he is unwilling to have
it shown that labor is not reaping its full share
of the increasing wealth. Has the gentleman
impeached the correctness of the Commission-
er's facts? Not at all. He even admits them.
It must be then that he refuses to print this
report because its facts and deductions do not
square with his theories and notions. I call
the gentleman's attention to the tables. Here
are twenty five pages of the appendix to the
report, just from the press, wholly devoted to
the very subject of the gentleman's complaint.
Appendix D is a series of tables exhibiting
the comparative cost of provisions, clothing,
rent, and all that make up the cost of living
in the years 1860 and 1868. These prices were
taken from the cities and rural districts of
every State, beginning with Maine and reach-
ing to Ohio. I wish the tables included the
West also. Now it becomes gentlemen who
discredit the report of the Commissioner to
answer the facts set forth in these tables.
Appendix E shows the average wages of labor,
and these tables are made up from an equally
wide range of observation. The various classes
of trades and labor are exhibited in the dif-
ferent States named, and if the statements are
incorrect let them be met and exploded. I do
notquarrel with these facts. I only regret that
the tables do not include statistics from Ohio
and the States further west.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the Commissioner is at fault in omit-
ting the western States?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not. I only say I
regret that these States were not included.
Now, sir, this result reached by the Commis-
sioner is no new thing. In 1866 the Commis-
sioner reported that from 1860 to I860 wages
had risen sixty per cent, and the cost of living
ninety per cent. Why was not that fact chal-
lenged at that time? The statement has been
long enough before the country to have been
refuted long ago if it is not true.
Let me ask attention for a moment to some
facts I have lately obtiiued. Hearing that
this attack was to be made I have asked in-
formation from two sources, in order to test the
correctness of the Commissioner's position.
In the first place, we have in the Army a very
good mode of testing the cost of living by the
price of rations. The fullest competition is
allowed to bidders, and the price of the ration
is the result of this competition for supplying
the Army. I have examined the records of
the commissary department, and find that the
price of rations during the war confirms in a
remarkable manner the conclusions of the
Commissioner in regard to the cost of living.
In the'next place, I hold in my hand a table
that shows what we have been paying to labor-
