1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
ers employed on our public works; and the
price, which is adjusted to the general market,
proves fully the report of the Commissioner on
that subject. In 1861, here in Washington,
we paid unskilled laborers $1 25 per day ; we
now pay them $1 75—an increase of about fifty
per cent. For skilled labor the increase ranged
from fifty-five to seventy-five per cent.
The following is an official statement of daily
wages paid in this city:
Increase
1861. 1868. per cent.
Carpenters &2 00 $3 50 75
Laborers  1 25 1 75 40
Stono masons  2 50 4 00 60
Brick masons  2 50 4 00 60
Machinists  2 00 3 00 50
Plumbers  2 25 3 50 55
Blacksmiths  2 00 3 00 50
We are building custom-houses and post
offices and improving our rivers and harbors
all over the United States, and our own official
records, which were not carried into the Com-
missioner's table, so far as I have been able to
examine them, all verify the statistics of the
Commissioner. I hold in my hand also one of
the leading papers published in New York only
a few days ago, in which the editor says :
" There are few men in this tax-ridden country who
are more familiar with the cause or who more clearly
see the unfortunate tendency of the unnatural style
of livinK which prevails at the present day than Mr.
David Wells, the Special Commissioner at Washing-
ton, from whose report we have previously taken
much that was interesting and instructive. In his
opinion these are unhealthy times for individuals,
and many of us can heartily indorse that opinion.
We are, to be sure,getting on an average better pay
than in other days, but how about our expenses?
Look at houses, coal, flour, butter, milk, eggs, wood,
cloth, and-leather: they are no better than they were
ten years ago nor less plentiful, but their cost is vastly
greater; so much greater, in fact,that rents areposi-
tively extortionate, and the absolute necessaries of
lite beyond the reach of thousands in this very city."
This is the opinion of a journalist who is
speaking of affairs in his own city and speaks
of his own knowledge.
But the gentleman from Philadelphia has
given us a new and remarkable revelation about
the year 1860. It is the first time I have ever
heard it said by a responsible gentleman that
the j'ear 1860 was a disastrous one for the
American people.
The gentleman stated—I wrote down his
words—that 1860-61 was the darkest period
ever seen in this country; and he went on to
exhibit how hard it was for laboring men to
find employment. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 differ
widely from the honorable gentleman. I re-
member very well that the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Mokiull] some three years ago referred
to the year 1860 as the most prosperous year
which this Republic ever saw; aid he gave his
reasons for the statement. It was a year of
plenty, of great increase. I remember, more-
over, that it was a year of light taxes. Therzj
was but one great people on the face of
globe so lightly taxed as the American people
in 18G0. Now we are the most heavily taxed
people except one, perhaps, on the face of the
globe ; and the weight of nearly all our taxes
falls at last on the laboring man. This is an
element which the gentleman seems to have
omitted from his calculation altogether.
The gentleman says that at the present time
laborers are doing better than in 1860. I ask
him how many strikes there wereamonglabor-
ers in 1860-61 ? Were there any at all ? And
how many were there in 1868? Will the gen-
tleman deny that strikes exhibit the unsettled
and unsatisfactory condition of labor in its re-
lations to capital? In our mines, in our mills
and furnaces, in our manufacturing establish-
ments, are not the laborers every day joining
in strikes for higher wages, and saying that
they need them on account of the high price of
provisions or that the capitalists get too large
a share of the profits? I want to say, in this
connection, that I believe the condition of the
laboring man in the West is better than in the
East. The element of transportation does not
enter so largely into his cost of living. I con-
fess that I was somewhat surprised at these
statistics of the Commissioner, for if I had been
ssked I should have said that the laboring men
of my district were doing nearly as well and
perhaps in some cases better than they were
doing in 1860; but still I cannot impeach the
array of facts he has exhibited. They refer to
the eastern poition of the country, however,
and the local conditions may be different there.
But let me advert for a moment to another
point in the statement of the gentleman. He
speaks with great triumph of the amount that is
deposited in savings banks by laboringmennow
as compared with 1860. Why, Mr. Speaker,
it seems to me that the facts lead to exactly
the opposite conclusion from that which the
gentleman draws. What does it mean? It
means that in this country, and especially in
the East, in the unsettled state of our com-
merce and of oar currency men dare not in-
vest their little earnings in business, and they,
therefore, put them into savings banks, where
they are lightly taxed, to await solid values
and steady times. In the West it is not gen-
erally so. A man can buy land and improve
it, and thus can work for himself and have his
profits as well as his keep while he is laboring.
" I think that will explain the reason why sav-
ings banks are more patronized in the East
than in the West.
The gentleman has referred to railroad iron
and the vast amount recently brought into
this country. Sir, that is the most natural
thing in the world. During the war the build-
ing of railroads was almost wholly suspended.
The work has revived and greatly increased
since the war, and in 1868 the new roads were
ready for their iron. Hence the unusual de-
mand and the large importation of the rails to
which the gentleman refers. The gentleman
must remember that railroad iron has the least
protection of any form of iron. It bears a tariff
duty of but seventy per cent., while the next
higher grade of iron bears a tariff duty of one
hundred and twenty-live per cent.
Anotherfact: whilespeakingofrollmg-mills
in this country I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] and my friend
from the Johnstown district [Mr. Mourell]
if they know of any railroad-iron mill in this
country that has not all the business itcan do ?
Does he know such a mill in this country that
this day has not more orders than it can fill?
I say this to show that even the heavy import-
ation of English rails have not broken down
our manufacturers.
Mr. COVODE. Wi lithe gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. GARFIELD. I must decline to yield.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman asked a
question of "the gentleman from the Johns-
town district," and I desire to answer it.
vi Mr. GARFIELD. One word more. This
ts not the first time we have heard a clamor
against the Commissioner of the Revenue. 1
must advert for a moment to something that oc-
curred about two years ago. At that time the
Commissioner recommended a reduction of the
tax on whisky, and gave it as his opinion that
thereby the amount of revenue from that source
would be increased. In certain quarters a
great clamor was raised against him, and I
remember very well that a circular was laid
before the members of this House charging the
Commissioner with being in the interest of the
whisky men. Now, what was the fact? After
wasting the revenues of this country in a fruit-
less and vain attempt to collect the tax of two
dollars per gallon the tax was reduced. And
with what result? Everything promises that
the revenue from the tax on whisky will this
year reach $40,000,000, while it never before
has reached the sum of $30,000,000 a year,
even with the tax at two dollars.
I have in my hand a record of the collections
in the Chicago district in a few months of this
year, showing that during the corresponding
months in 1807 and in 1888 the amount of rev-
enue from the present rate of tax upon whisky
is greater than when the rate of tax was higher.
It shows the amounts of tax paid on whisky
under the sixty-five-cent tax and under the two-
dollar tax for the same months of 1867 and
1868:
1867. 1808.
July  $4,934 #105,552
August  6.821 214,726
September  11,654 84,772
October  54,825 216,910
November  33,291 304,4<)5
Beoember  87,755 326,369
Total §200,279 $1,303,140
The tax in 1867 was three times as large per
gallon as in 1868, and yet look at the respec-
tive receipts from each rate. On a sixty-five-
cent tax the receipts are nearly seven times as
great as on the two-dollar tax 1
An officer who has served the country so
ably and faithfully deserves well of Congress
and the country. I trust the motion to print
will prevail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. I now yield five minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jbnckes.]
Mr. JBNCKES. I hope the resolution from
the Committee on Printing will be adopted.
The report of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue, it seems to me, contains something
more important than the estimates of the cost
of pig-iron, or a discussion of the question of
reducing the salt duties, or even the estimates
of the cost of living in 1860 and 1868. This
Commissioner was appointed for a special
purpose, and has explained the whole subject
of our finances and the financial condition of
the country. He has added to the testimony
already laid before this House by the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Commissioner of Customs, and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The Special Commissioner says that a large
portion of the money to which this Govern-
ment is entitled as the proceeds of internal
revenue and of the customs is not received
because of the positive dishonesty and gross
inefficiency of great numbers of subordinate
officials intrusted with this branch of the pub-
lic service. And he goes on to give an esti-
mate of the amount, so lost to the Government.
He says that fiom the internal revenue alone,
assuming as a basis the revenue of last year—
$175,000,000—the sum of $75,000,000, as a
minimum under existing laws, could be added
to this branch of the reveuue alone. And he
further adds:
"But allowing for all these contingencies it seems
possible for the Treasury to have at its command at
the closc of the next fiscal year an available surplus
of from one hundred million to mio hundred and
twenty-five million dollars, and with such elements
of strength there is not a single fiscal problem of our
immediate future which will not be greatly aided m
its solution. The Commissioner furthermore main-
tains that the realization of sucn a surplus involves
nothing impractical, and nothing which partakes of
the nature of an experiment."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish the House and the
country to understand just the cause and the
measure of this deficiency. It results from the
gross dishonesty or total inefficiency of the sub-
ordinate officers in the revenue department
alone; and the amount of the deficiency thus
created is sufficient to pay every dollar of the
national debt within the time that it becomes
due, assuming the whole at $2,500,000,000.
We have here the means pointed out to ns of
putting into the Treasury from one hundred
to one and twenty-five million dollars in each
year, without altering or amending the law
upon our statute-book, without entertaining^ or
passing any of the schemes of finance which
are now pending in both branches of Congress.
The evil is before us, and the remedy is plain
and clear. The Commissioner adds :
"It requires, however, thatthero should he unity of
purpose on the part of the Executive, of Congress,
and of the people, and a full realization of the tact
that the work to be accomplished is of such paramount
importance that nothing else should be allowed to
interferewith it. Jt requires that the agents who aro
to be intrusted with the collection and disbursement
of the revenue shall be appointed on some other
grounds than thedevotion to party service, the lengtn
and number of their campaign speeches,ofthe amount
of money contributed to aid in olections.
