1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
take up Senate bill No. 882. It is a very small
bill—to grant a register to a vessel.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Does any Senator object?
Mr. GRIMES. What is the title of the bill?
Mr. CORBETT. A bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an American
register or enrollment and license to the ship
Agra, of Boston.
By unanimous consent the bill was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. Who owns this vessel?
Mr. CORBETT. I have the names of the
fentlemen here, a firm by the name of Thomas
>. Wales & Co., of Boston. The ship was in
Liverpool during the rebellion, and the cap-
tain transferred the vessel without the consent
of the owners and against the express instruc-
tions of the owners in a letter written to him in
answer to a letter from him about the transfer.
He transferred her, as he thought, for the
safety of the vessel, but it was against the wishes
of the owners. This case comes under a rule
laid down by the Committee on Commerce, the
same rule under which a register was granted
to the Golden Fleece ; and they instructed me
to report favorably upon it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. NYE. Upon principle I object to this
kind of legislation ; and I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Oregon what
evidence he has before him that this ship was
transferred against the ovpress orders of the
owners, as he says ?
Mr. C9RBETT. I have all the papers and
copies of the letters, and also a letter from the
collector of customs in Boston, to the effect that
these parties were very loyal during the whole
war, and gave large sums of money to carry on
the war. I think they lost three vessele in con-
sequence of the fact that they would not transfer
them and put them under ioreign flags.
Mr. NYE. What right had the captain to
transfer this vessel in express disobedience of
the orders of the owners? lie could not make
a legal transfer in that way.
Mr. CORBETT. He was authorized to sell
this vessel provided he could get a certain
price for her in England ; but the price of ves-
sels declined. Jt seems that while lie was there
he received news that ho would bo likely to lose
this vessel unless he transferred her to some
one ; and he took the responsibility of transfer-
ring the vessel to other parties and placed her
under a foreigu flag, but against the express
wishes of the owners and against their instruc-
tions contained 111 letters, which letters did not
reach the captain until after he had transferred
her. We have examined the ease very partic-
ularly, and find that it is a meritorious one. I
can read the letters at length if the gentleman
desires it. We have them here.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have them all in my
hands, and also an affidavit showing that it was
done without the authority of the owners.
Mr. NYE. It is a well-known fact that a
great many of the American ship-owners at
the time of the rebellion truusfbired their ves-
sels, and authorized the huUting of foreign
flags upon them. I am opposed most rigidly
to any person who did that having again the
benefit of the American flag for such a ship.
It seems to me, with all due deference to the
honorableSeuator from Oregon, that the power
is not inherent in the commander of a ship to
transfer her to anybody without special author-
ity ; that by virtue of his being captain he could
obtain no authority to dispose of the vessel.
Mr. CORBETT. He had a right to sell the
vessel.
Mr. NYE. But he had no right to transfer
her to a foreign flag.
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. Very well; that transfer is void
m fact and in law, and it needs no legislation
at all for these ship-owners to recover their
vessel and put upon her the flag of their coun-
try which was displaced without authority from
them. If the facts are as the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon states them to be, no legis-
lation is required and we need not commit
ourselves to that line of policy ; but the owners
can take her, wherever she may be found, at
any moment.
Mr. CO RBETT. This is a case that requires
a detailed statement to show to the Senator
that we are correct.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask tho Clerk to read
the statement in this case.
The Chief Clerk read the following memorial:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of liepresenta-
tines of the United States in Congress assembled:
The memorial of Thomas B. Wales & Co., mer-
chants of the city of Boston, in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, respectfully shows :
That they are citizens of the United States, oarry-
ing on business in the said city of Boston for many
years past, and during all the time have been, and
still are, largely interested in commerce and owners
of many ships and vessels; that they are, and have
been ever since tho breaking out of tho late rebel-
lion, loyal citizens and supporters of tho Government
in its successful efforts to put down the rebellion;
that they have been unwilling to resort to the trans-
fer of their vessels to foreigners for tho purpose of
scouring them against capture by the rebel cruisers,
and have suffered much loss by the destruction of
their ship Thomas B. Wales and the capture of their
ships Morning Star and Punjaub, which vessels were
released under bonds, after being plundered of many
articles and used by the captors as a cartel for pris-
oners. That in the year 1863 theship Agra, of Boston,
owned by your memorialist and other citizens of the
United States, and duly registered at said Boston, was
at Liverpool, England, and tho following letters were
addressed by your memorialists to Mr. N. H. Em-
mons, jr., who was then in London in chargo, as per
copies numbered one, two, and three. That notwith-
standing the wishes of your memorialists there ex-
pressed, and in fact before Mr. Emmons received the
letter of the 25th August, 1863, ho had adopted tho
expedient of placing the said ship Agra under the
English flag, by an ostensible sale to one T.P. Hearne,
of London. That tho proceeding was contrary to the
wishes of your memorialists, but inasmuch as Mr.
In.H. Emmons Jr., had competent authority to make
tho arrangement it was beyond the power of your
memorialists to rescind it. And now your memo-
rialists would further ropresont, that tho said ship
Agra, now under the British flag, and now called tho
Agra, is shortly expected to arrive home from a voyage
to the East Indies. Your memorialists now desire, and
very respectfully ask, that the register of said ship
Agra may be restored to them, so that she may hence-
lorth bo known and recognized as the ship Agra, or
other, of Boston, and entitled to all tho privileges and
immunities of vessels bolonging to the mercantile
rnarino of thoUnited States; and as your memorialists
aro informed that the power to grant this request
does not exist in tho executive department, they pray
that an act of Congress may bo passed for their re-
lief, as in like oasos has been done for the reliof of
other citizens similarly situated.
And you memorialists will ever pray.
THOMAS B. WALES & CO.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now, 1" ask the Clerk
to road tho affidavit accompanying that petition.
The Chief Clerk read the following affidavit:
United States of America, Suffolk, ss.
On this 18th d:iy of Doccmber, 1868, personally ap-
peared beloro mo, John S. Tyler, a notary public duly
commissioned and sworn, Thomas Ji. Wales, of the
cityoi Boston, morchant, to me well known as senior
partner in the house of Thomas B. Wales & Co., and
mndooaththat theforegoingmemorial byhimsigned
with themwneof his said firm is trueaccordmgto the
best of his knowledgo and belief.
In testimony whereof I hereto set my hand and
rT „-] affix my notarial seal the day of the date above
*",J written.
riTi. JOHNS. TYLER,
Notary Public and Ju slice of v<> Peace.
Mr. CAMERON. I think this bill had bet-
ter lie over.^ It is evident, from the sworn
statement ol that person, that they have been
making money under the British flag, and there-
fore they can afford to rest now for awhile.
It looks to mo very much like a trick. They
made money out of that vessel during the whole
rebellion, allowed it lo be occupied as a cartel,
I believe they say, for the benefit of the rebels,
and now they come here expecting us to give
them all the legitimacy to which people are
entitled who have never done any wrong. I
may be mistaken on this subject, but I should
like to think a little of it. There ought to be
a general bill on this subject. If our vessels
have gone abroadwith no bad intentions, and
served under a different flag, it may be very
well to restore them; but if they have gone
there only for the purpose of making money
in a manner that a patriotic citizen would not
do, under such circumstances i think they
ought to be punished. At all events, let them
rest a little while.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, says " Let them rest a little
while ; " but he forgets that these gentlemen
have been resting a good while. He proposes
also a general bill. There I am with him. I
think it would be expedient to have such a
bill; but in the absence of such a bill it seems
to me proper and according to justice that we
should proceed with individual cases on their
merits; and if a case occurs which is excep-
tional in its character so as to justify the inter-
vention of Congress that intervention should not
fail.
My friend in proposing that this should lie
over, and that he should have an opportunity
to think of it, actually kills the bill. He sees
that that is so ; and the practical question is
whether you are ready at the suggestion of my
honorable friend, and to enable him to relieve
his doubts, to kill this bill of just relief for a
patriotic and worthy firm. The committee has
reported in its favor after careful consideration,
and therefore I do not go into the facts.
Mr. CAMERON. There are other reasons
why this bill should not pass now. It is
brought up in an entirely irregular manner,
occupying the morning hour, which ought to
be devoted and is devoted by the rule to other
things. I have twenty or thirty petitions which
I wish to present.
Then, again, this is a part of that class of
bills for which we assigned last night; we gave
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
last night, and we gave him a night last week
for his bills in order to get them through at
the time stated. He will be asking presently
for another day for his bills ; but now, in place
of that, he starts another member of his com-
mittee on the other side of the House, who hap-
pens to be near the President, to bring up this
bill now to the exclusion of other business
which is more pressing. I move that it be
postponed.
Mr. NYE. A single moment. This petition
sets forth—
" That tho proceeding was contrary to the wishes
of your memorialists; but inasmuch as Mr. N. H.
Emmons, jr., had corapotent authority to make tho
arrangement, it was beyond the power of your me-
morialists to rescind it."
Therefore they transferred their ship by that
authority; it was their act. When they gave
that man authority to transfer this ship, which
they say here they did, it became their act, and
their voluntary act, and it was done no doubt
to save the ship from being seized by the Eng-
lish pirates. Therefore, sir, what they did by
their man Emmons in Liverpool they did by
themselves ; it was their own act; and as
nothing appears in these papers to take it out
of that class of cases where I understood the
judgment of the Senate to settle that vessels
should not be again reinstated to the flag of
the United States after they had transferred
their ships for such a purpose, I must object
to the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. The papers have not been
read entire, nor have the letters been pre-
sented.
Mr. NYE. The memorialists understood
probably what they prayed for.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is going to occupy
the morning hour. I move that it be laid on
the table.
Mr. CORBETT and Mr. SUMNER. I hope
not.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
_ Mr. NYE. _ All I have to say is that if this
bill passes it is a precedent, and will be con-
sidered such.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. It is an excep-
tion.
Mr. NYE. I undertake to say that there is
no exceptional feature about it. They set forth
themselves in their petition that the transfer
was made by a person having competent au-
thority to do it, but that it was against their
wishes. Their wishes were all merged in this
authority that they gave to transfer it. There-
fore I hope the bill will not pass. I will pro-
