1869.
tfik GQ n(trevssio'nal glofil.
wm
pos« ftn fcfnehdmettt that Wilt make short work
of it: " that all vessels which were transferred
to foreign flags during the rebellion are hereby
entitled again to hoist the American flag." ,
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to inquirewhether
the petitioners set forth in their petition the
fact that they gave this authority, in view of
tlie vessel being transferred, merely to avoid
sailing it under the American flag?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at ali.
Mr. NYE. I take it there never was a cap-
fain who went forth clothed with that authority
till the'rebellion.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, yes.
Mr. CHANDLER. They constantly go with
that authority.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose there isnota ship
built in the State of Maine that the shipowners
do not give to her captain on her first voyage
the power to sell her in the port to which she
goes.
Mr. NYE. I have not gainsayed that au-
thority at all; but I undertake to say that the
honorable Senator from Iowa cannot up to the
time ofthis rebellion, sinee the war Of 1812, if
it existed theft even, cite an instance where the
captain was clothed with authority to transfer
the vessel to another nationality and to hoist
upon her another flag. That is the point I
make. This man, then, went out clothed with
this authority for this case.
Mr. SUMNER. It is common.
Mr. NYE. The authority to sell is common,
I understand ; but here was authority to trans-
fer the vessel to another nationality, and, as
the owners state in their petition, he made a
pretended sale with a view of putting another
tlag on her to save her. I undertake to say
that up to that time no such authority was ever
given to a ship captain in the merchant service.
Mr. Chandler rose.
Mr. NY15. The Senator from Michigan
looks very uneasy. If he will sit down for a
few moments I shall be through.
Mr. CHANDLER. Can I not stand just as
well?
Mr. NYE. The Senator excites me by look-
ing so fierce about this bill. If this rule is to
be established I move the amendment which
I have suggested.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is not in order at this time. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was it a real or a sham
sale ?
Mr. NYE. A sham ;ale.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; the petition says so.
Jt was a sham sale, and the petition so sets it
forth.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from Ne-
vada will pardon me one moment, I will say
that of all the ships destroyed by the English
pirates during our war there were just two in
this situation. One is the bark Golden Fleece
and the other the ship Agra, both of which were
transferred withoutthe consent and against the
protest of their owners. The Committee on
Commerce has rejected such applications in
every case except these two. and in these cases
the testimony was clear and positive that the
transfer was not only against the wishes but
against the protest of the owners. The Golden
Fleece we have already taken back, and the
Agra is the only other one which can come in
the same category.
Mr. NYE. The memorial States :
"In tho year 1863 tho ship Agra,of Boston, owned
by your memorialists and othereituens of the United
States, and duly registered at said Boston, was at
Liverpool, England, and tbo following letters were
addressed by your memorialists to Mr. N. H Em-
mons, jr., who was then in Loudon in oharge, as per
copiesNos. 1, 2, and3.
"That notwithstanding tho wishes of your memo-
rialists there expressed, in before Mr. Emmons
received tho letter of the 2oth Ausrust, 1863, he had
adopted tho expedient of placing the said ship Aara
under tho English flat? by an ostensible salo to ono
T. P. Ilearno, of London."
Mr. CORBETT. Now read that letter.
Mr. NYE. The letter was not written until
after this Was done. He acted under the ori-
ginal authority. It was a pretended sale.
40tii Cox<3. 3d Sess.-—No. 89.
Mr. COliBETT and Mr. CHANDLBB.
Oh, ho.
Mr. NYE. Will the members of this com-
mittee stand here and claim that the memo-
rialists themselves did not understand the
exact position of this case as well as th6y did?
They set forth in their petition that it was an
ostensible sale and not a real one, and it was
done to hoist the British flag upon the vessel
and protect her from the British pirates. I
understand that the sentiment of the Senate
has been expressed fully on that subject by a
report from the Committee on Commerce that
they would not restore such ships to American
protection.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Then why make an exception
in this case ? It forms no exception to the gen-
eral rule. I am sorry that I am too late in
point of order to move an amendment\ but I
submit that if this kind of legislation is adopted
every case may be made an exception, and
every case from Boston will be certainly, be-
cause they are all so loyal there 1 All loyal
men in Boston must have their ships put back
underourflag, although they played the coward
in transferring them to the British flag during
the war. It was done to save the ship. If the
Senate are desirous of establishing the prin-
ciple that those men who played cowards in
the hour of danger shall receive the relief of
the brave when there is no danger, I of course
must be content with the rule; but until that
rule is established I stand on the report of the
Committee on Commerce, in which they de-
clared that it was dishonorable and cowardly.,
I should like to hear the honorable chairman
of that committee give some reason why this
case is exceptionable. These parties empow-
ered their agent to make a pretended sale, ard
now seek to invalidate the act of that agent
because it was cowardly.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator would find
the reason if he would read the letters. He
reads the memorial, but he does not read the
proof on which the cbmmittee acted. He re-
fuses to read the letters.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say one word ? I want to ask him
this question—whether he assumes facts set
forth in that memorial to be true, or whether
the proofs that are thereto attached prove them
to be untrue; whether the committee acted
upon the proof on (he memorial?
Mr. CORBETT. The committee have ex-
amined the memorial, and they have exam-
ined the evidence that is presented, which
shows thai, this vessel was transferred against
the express order of these parties but. their
letter was not received in time. This is an
exceptional case, in consequence of the letter
being sent by the parties directing the master
not to transfer the vessel; but bef re he re-
ceived the letter he had transferred it. The
proof shows that these letters were mailed and
sent to him directing him not to do it, and it
was done against their will. They set forth
that they lost a number of vessels from the
fact that they would not transfer them, and
they never did it voluntarily in any single case ;
and this, as I understand, was done without
their consent.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask a question.
Do they not set forth in the memorial that
their letters had not reached there at the time
it was done?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. Then it shows that they changed
their minds between the time the ship sailed,
when they gave him this authority, and the
time the letters were written.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, being the bill to repeal an act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices, is
before the Senate.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the Houso had passed the bill (S. No.
440) supplementary to an act entitled aist
to provide a national ctffieeaey Hewufed by «
pledge -of United States bonds, And to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,'/
approved June 3, 1864, with ameodmefit j
ia which it requested the concurrence ot* the
Senate. -
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, iii which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
The bill (H. R. No. 1803) making appft5pri<
ations for the support of The Army for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 1987) to define felonies
and misdemeanors, and regulate peremptory
challenges.
The message further announced that the'
House had agreed to the report of the csm-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. Ho. 941)
to amend certain acts in relation to the Navy
and Marine corps.
bills of committee os commerce. . '
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the unfin-
ished business be postponed for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of business from
the Committee on Commerce, which was thrown
out last night.
Mr. GRIMES. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. FEELING HITYSEN. The Senate soma
days ago set aside this day.speeially to consider
the subject of the naturalization bill reported
by the Judiciary Committee. I find that, by
the rales, special orders shall always have
precedence of general orders unless such special
orders shall be postponed by direction of the
Senate." Now, there has been no direction
of the Senate postponing that special order.
Therefore I insist that that is the business
before the Senate to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will read
the whole rule he will see that unfinished busi-
ness takes precedence of special orders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
understood that the unfinished business ot the
preceding day's session overrules the special
order. Rule 15 will be read.
The Chief Clerk read Rulelo, as follows:
"15. The unfinished business in which the Senate
was engaged at tlie last preeedinjadjourninentshaH
have the preference ia the special orders ot the da y."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I respectfully
submit that my construction of these rales is
the correct one. By these rules it requires a
vote of two thirds to make any subject a special
order, and then the rule expressly says that
that special order shall have precedence over
any general orders unless by a direct vote of
the Senate, and no such vote ha-s been taken.
Mr. MORTON. This is not a question of
orders, general or speeial, but it is a question
of unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps
the Senator from New Jersey, if it were a case
of first impression, would be right, especially
sinee the rule has been altered so as to require
two thirds of the Senate to make a special
order ; but the uniform practice has been that
the unfinished business supersedes all special
orders.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The practice of
the Sen ate may have overridden the law, butthe
law is as I have stated.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the teuure-of-offics
bill now before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
is the unfinished business; but a motion is
made to supersede that and all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up bills from the
Committee on Commerce, on which question
the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. MORTON. When it is proposed to
supersede the unfinished business hy taking
up business from a committee, perhaps .the
Senate would like to know what bills it is pro-
posed to take up.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, sir; I will
give a list of the bills. The first is to regulate
