1809.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
40th Conu .... 3d Sess. 1 wrty Platforms ancl the Public Debt—Mr. Van Trump.
Ho. of Reps.
of the contract may be, it demands that the
construction of these loan laws shall be in
favor of a gold liquidation, as against any or
all other lawful money whatever. In other
words, as a mere declaratory law, it enacts, as
against the law of the contract; that all impli-
cations, whether of law or logic or fact, shall
be in favor of gold, in despite of all the equi-
ties in aid of a different construction as to
other lawful money, made so by statutes equally
solemn and imperative. Mr. Speaker, I as-
sert there can be no difference of opinion
among intelligent and sound lawyers that this
is the true legal effect of this first section of
the bill now under consideration. Now, sir,
let us turn to the Democratic platform,'which
the gentleman from New York with so much
confidence asserts is identical with the provis-
ions of this bill, and we will see that it pro-
pounds the very converse of this proposition.
The third resolution of that platform declares
that:
"Where the obligations of the Government do not
expressly state upon their face, or the law under
which they were issued does not provide, that they
shall be paid in coin, they ought in right and in jus-
tice to be paid in the lawful money of the United
States."
Now, Mr. Speaker, when it is known that
so large a portion as more than one half of the
public debt was created under and by virtue
of laws which did not specify in express terms,
except as to the interest accruing thereon, how
or in what species of money, as between coin
and currency, such debt was to be ultimately-
discharged by the Government, the point of
difference between the provisions of this bill
and the Democratic platform, and consequently
between the honorable gentleman from New
York and myself, will be at once seen and
appreciated. It is presented in two modes of
legal construction, which, when applied to the
laws creating the public debt, produce results
so vast and a difference in principle so marked
and decided as to be worthy of our most serious
consideration, whether we are engaged in
enacting laws or the erection of political plat-
forms. That difference applies to more than
fourteen hundred million dollars of the public
debt! As to that immense amount of debt this
bill, got up in the interest of the bondholders,
declares it shall be paid in gold, through an
attempted legislative construction of the con-
tract under which the debt was made; while
the Democratic party of the country, by its
solemn utterance at New York, says it shall be
paid in that kind of money only which is equal
in value to that by which the debt was origin-
ally created, in all cases where the contract of
loan does not expressly provide for a different
mode of payment.
That, Mr. Speaker, is the position of the
Democratic party in opposition to the pro-
visions of this bill; and that also, I am sorry
to say, is the difference between the gentleman
from New York and myself upon this question
of the public debt. My honorable friend will
permit me to say he cannot sustain or justify
his vote upon this bill by saying, as he has said,
that by such vote he only pledges himself to
abide by the law of the country. If this bill is
to have any legislative or judicial effect at all
he does something more than that by voting for
its passage; he votes to change the law, and
with it the contract, as both the law and the
contract now stand in relation to the mode and
manner of the payment of the public debt.
And right here, upon this very question, I can-
not refrain from quoting an authority for which
the gentleman from New York, by association,
by sympathy, and by the "beautiful and glo-
rious history'' of the past will have the highest
respect. I quote the deliberate opiuion of not
only a great lawyer, but who was also one of
the great leaders of that grand old Whig party
whieli held within its conservative folds, up to
the last moment of its existence, both the gen-
tleman from New York and myself. I allude
to Hon. Thomas Ewing, of Ohio, who has
acted with the Republican party until within
the last year. In speaking of this question,
which now so unpleasantly divides my honor-
able friend and myself, and really to some
extent the Democratic delegation on this floor,
Mr. Ewing remarks as follows:
"So far neither party has ventured to commit itself
on the disposition of the public debt. My mind has
long been made up as to the principle which should
govern us in its adjustment. It is this: so far as our
contracts are distinct and explicit we must abide by
them, no matter how unequal or onerous. As, for
example, where we have promised to pay the inter-
est or the debt, or both, in gold, national faith re-
quires, and wemustso p%y it; butwhere the contract
is not explicit, but-requires construction, we must
deal with creditors ana the people precisely as an
enlightened court of equity would deal with debtor
and creditor under like conditions. For example:
the creditor borrows forty cents, or depreciated bank
paper worth forty cents, which the public ealls a dol-
lar, and promises to pay interest, six per cent, on its
nominal or fifteen per cent, on its actual value in
gold. The promise to pay the interest in gold being
explicit, the nation who owes the debt should pay it,
for there is no usury law operating on contracts with
sovereigns; but where a distinction is taken in the
contract between the debt and the interest—the in-
terest only made payable in gold—equity would re-
quire that the debt should be paid in that which is
equal in value to the fund received. Sovereigns have
not always meted oat this even-handed justice. The
coin of nations has been sometimes debased after a
loan made, so that one pound of silver and one pound
of copper would be made to pay whatwas two pounds
of silver when the loan was made. This was a gross
wrong. It is equally wrong, on the other side, to take
th e name for th e thing, and pay an ounce of silver to
the lender for four tenths of an ounce borrowed,
because eaeli in its turn was called a dollar. Equity,
if called into action, would suffer neither one nor the
other, but rcjuire the payment from sovereign or
subject of the just amount borrowed, regardless of
name. This should be the rule of payment. Ifcur-
rency were borrowed which was worth forty cents on
the dollar, currency or bonds of equivalent value
should be paid."
There, Mr. Speaker, we have not only an ex-
position of the true and even "plighted " faith
of the nation, not only an honest mode of ad-
justment of the obligations existing between a
sovereign debtor and its citizen creditors, but
the broad-minded views of a practical states-
manship, which would settle and adjust the
principles of a public debt between Government
and creditor by the same rules of law and
equity which govern the contract of a private
debt between private individuals.
Now, sir, take the facts and circumstanees
under which these loans were made ; the press-
ing necessity under which the Government
labored for money to carry on the war in its
gloomiest periods; the depreciated condition
of the currency even after the passage of the
legal-tender act; the grasping avarice and ex-
travagant demands of the money-lenders ; the
"loyal" Shylocks who rushed to the rescue
of the Government with such a gush of pa-
triotism, as interpreted by their friends who
now sustain them in their imperious demands
for a gold payment of all the bonds—take all
these facts into a fair and honest consideration,
and I would like for any honorable gentleman
in this House to show me the elements for an
equitable construction of these loan laws in
favor of the bondholders and against the Gov-
ernment.
Every lawyer on this floor who has read Story
or Foublanke knows that in a suit between pri-
vate individuals in a court of chancery upon
a contract involving a similar state of facts
the chancellor would enter a decree setting
aside the contract upon the ground of inade-
quacy of consideration—a decree dictated by
the legal presumption that a fraud had been
practiced by the lender upon the borrower. I
do not say, Mr. Speaker, that the same rule
ought to prevail upon a contract where the
Government is a party, but I domostemphat
ically say this : that any law which proposes,
as the first section of this act does propose, to
declare that all legal implications and every
canon of an equitable construction shall be dis-
torted ill favor of the bondholder and against
the Government or the people is a gross out-
rage upon every principle of justice, and would
not be worthy of the jurisprudence of a nation
of Hottentots.
My political friends on this side of the House
will vote for this bill under a delusion ; they
will indorse a mere party decree fulminated
by a party caucus; controlled by the influence
of the bondholders, instead of an effective legis-
lative enactment which can reach or control
the original legal status of the bonded debt of
the Government, because this law will be pow-
erless so long as we shall have an honest and
independent judiciary.
The honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] in the fervor of his advocacy of this
bill, disclosed the true purpose of its introduc-
tion when he openly declared that the Repub-
lican party was pledged to pay the public debt
"in sueh money that the world regards as
money."
■ Mr. Speaker, that is what I call coming up
to the issue squarely and frankly. What was
dubious in the Chicago platform is now made
plain. We now have the true interpretation
of the third plank in that artful piece of polit-
ical carpentry: gold for the bondholders under
the loan laws, and a depreciated currency for
the people under the legal-tender act. That,
sir, is the "good faith" so boldly vaunted in
that most remarkable creed. But after the
shameless trampling upon and the bold repudi-
ation of the principle of suffrage, as declared
in the second plank of that platform by the
passage of the late constitutional amendments
forcing negro suffrage npon the States against
the expressed will of the people, why should
we be surprised at this turn given to the equiv-
ocal utterances of the third plank of the Repub-
lican platform in relation to the public debt?
Sir, I am prepared to be surprised at nothing
which the Republican party may do in the
future. I think I see clearly some of the com-
ing events. Still more radical changes are to
be wrought in the structure of our Government.
When the spirit of revolution is once let loose
its course is onward until its momentum of
power is exhausted. We have struggled in vain
against this great tidal wave of fanaticism and
wrong. The power of money and of organiza-
tion has been too strong for us. The people
have been fully warned of these changes, and
it would be nncandid to deny that thus far they
have sustained them. If they shall still indorse
the changes and usurpations yet to come, then
indeed is the last experiment of the capacity
of man for self-government a poor, miserable
failure, and the American Republic will have
to take its place in history by the side of those
of Greece and Rome, as another monument
alike to the genius and the weakness of man.
But to come back more directly to the ques-
tion now under consideration : the honorable
gentleman from New York representing the
Albany district [Mr. Pruyx,] put this bill
upon its true ground when he said that if it was
intended to be a mere declaratory law, it was
deceptive ; and if it was intended to mean any-
thing more, then it undertakes to create a new
obligation on the part of the Government to its
creditors such as the acts under which the bonds
were issued did not create. That, Mr. Speaker,
is the whole point of the discussion. If this is
a mere declaratory law, then it amounts to noth-
ing ; if it seeks to change the original obligation,
then if it is not absolutely unconstitutional and
void in consequence of the Government being
a party to both acts of legislation, it is never-
theless a gross outrage and a most stupendous
partisan fraud upon the rights and interests
of the people.
My distinguished colleague who reported this
bill [Mr. Schexck] has evidently been misled
by the English theory of the legal effect of a
simple declaratory statute. The sole ground
upon which a declaratory act of Parliament in
England is sustained by their courts does not
at all exist in this country. The only purpose
for which they are resorted to in England is to
preserve the traditions of their unwritten law.
They are only enacted where an old custom
of the kingdom is almost fallen into disuse or
