1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
judgment Congress ought to take this oppor-
tunity to give its sanction to the principle of
the representation of minorities so fur as that
principle can be properly applied to the organ-
ized Territories of the Union.
It is with that view and object that this
amendment is now submitted. Its effect is
simply this: that the several territorial Legis-
latures shall redivide their territories into dis-
tricts, entitled each to elect tliree members,
giving to each qualified elector the right to
cumulate his three votes on one or two of the
candidates, omitting the third, in that way
securing to Lhe minority the opportunity every
where in the Territories, and in each district,
to elect one out of the three representatives
provided they be strong enough in numbers
to exceed two fifths of the entire electoral
body.
Believing that the agitation of this question
in England and in this country for the last
fifteen or twenty years has not escaped the
notice of any member of the House, and that
each gentleman has made up his mind as to
the policy of securing the right of representa-
tion to minorities, it is not my _ purpose to
encroach upon the time of the chairman of the
committee by any extended argument in its
favor. I simply submit the amendment at this
time with a view of getting a test vote, and
taking the sense of the House on the question
whether it is not time to recognize and enforce
it in its application to the Territories. It goes
no further at present than simply to apply the
principle to the elections of members to terri-
torial Legislatures, leaving it for the future
to determine whether it should be applied in
a more general way to the elections of all
officers.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am willing that
the proposition of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Phelps] should be voted upon, and
therefore I will permit it to be offered. I will
now ask the previous question on the bill and
pending amendments, after which I will yield
the floor to gentlemen who desire to submit
some remarks upon this subject, reserving to
myself some time to close the debate.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would like to ask the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the
Territories, [Mr. Ashley, of Ohio.] in the first
place, what the object of this bill is?
Mr! ASHLEY, of Ohio. Of this bill?
Mr. BURLEIGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The object of this
bill is to supply the place of a registry law, and
to secure beyond peradventure the rights of
the minority in every Territory of the United
States. ,
Mr BURLEIGH. One more question. Who
is calling tor it? Who is asking for it? Who
is demanding either the bill itself or the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Phelps?]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Petition after pe-
tition has been presented to Congress during
the past six years for a registry law in the Ter-
ritories. From personal observation I knew
how difficult it was to prepare a registry law
that would be enforced with justice in the
sparsely populated Territories, especially in the
mining"Territories. And upon the instruction
of the"committee, of which f am chairman, I
have prepared this bill with a great deal of
care, so that there should be absolute security
to every party in any county and in any voting
precinct of a Territory; that there should be
no fraud either in the acceptance of the ballot
or in the remrn of the election officers.
Mr. BURLEIGH. One more question, if
the gentleman will permit me. Ihe chairman
of th? Committee on the Territories states that
every Territory in the Union has memorialized
or petitioned or asked for a general registry
law to be passed for their protection. 1 would
ask him when the Territory ot Dakota, through
its Legislature or people, ever asked lor any
thing of the kind.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not, know
that the Legislature of the Territory of Dakota
have asked it, but citizens of the Territory have
asked it.
Mr. BURLEIGH. We had a registry law
of our own there for a time, but it was so ob-
noxious that our people repealed it. And we
do not. now ask to have anything of the kind
forced upon us. Congress gave one Legislature
authority to pass all necessary laws concerning
elections ; and we do not want to be tampered
with in this style year after year, as we have
been. We want to be left to carry on our own
government in our own way, subject to the laws
of Congress.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, Mr. Speaker,
the House, on considering the bill, can dispose
of it as they see fit. I now insist upon my
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, if
any gentleman desires to take tho floor upon
this bill I will yield to him before 1 make the
remarks which 1 propose to make on tlie amend-
ment and the bill.
Mr. CHILCOTT. 1 ask the gentlerata to
yield to me.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield to the gen-
tleman for a few minutes.
Mr. CHILCOTT. Mr. Speaker, I am not
aware that the people of Colorado have peti-
tioned the chairman of the Committee on the
Territories to propose any change in our elec-
tion laws. Under the organic act ot our Terri-
tory the Legislature of Colorado has made
such rules and regulations for the conducting
of elections as the people desired; and unless
the citizens of the Territory have sent to the
gentleman from Ohio some application which
they have not sent to me there is no necessity
and no demand for a change in^ our system of
conducting elections. This bill proposes to
place the whole control ot our elections into
the hands of the Governor of the Territory.
Should the people of the Territories see proper
to apply to Congress for the passage of registry
laws they unquestionably would do so through
their respective Delegates. My constituents
have made no application for any such change.
I hope that the members on this floor will at
least allow to the Delegates of the respective
Territories the privilege of making application
on behalf of their people whenever the latter
desire changes in the laws by which they aie
governed. No such application lias been made
in this case, and no such change as that pro-
posed in this bill is necessary or is desired
by the people. Should this new system of
regulating elections be adopted three or four
years must elapse before the people can become
accustomed to it. I hope, therefore, that the
bill will not be passed.
A Memmix. Does any Territory ask for such
a bill ?
Mr. CHILCOTT. Not a single T erritory.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now yield to the
gentleman from Arizona. [Mr. BaSIIFOHD.]
Mr. BASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, this is a
bill having reference to the Territories alone ;
and it is, therefore, I think, one which the
Delegates of those Territories have a right to
criticise, and, if possible, defeat, if in their
judgment it ought to be defeated. The bill is
; plausible on its face, but. it will not bear ex-
| animation. It proposes, in the first place, to
' <rive to the Governor of each Territory the ap-
pointment of three county canvassers in every
county in the Territory, and these are to ap
point three canvassers for each election pre-
cinct. The Governor of the Territory would
thus be enabled to control, if he should see fit,
the choice of all the election officers through-
out the Territory. Although the bill provides
that two of every three of these election oficers
shall be appointed from the dominant party,
and' one from the minority party, the Gov-
ernor may, nevertheless, appoint men who are
in his interest and are his friends; and with
the unlimited veto power now possessed by ail,
or nearly all, of the territorial Governors, and
with the official influence of the position, the
Governor could, if he saw fit, control, and if
he were a bad man doubtless would control,
the elections m the whole Territory.
This will be still more manifest from an ex-
amination of the olher provisions of the bill.
It is provided in one section that unless all the
provisions of the bill should be carried out the
vote of the election precincts in which there
shall be any departure from them shall be
thrown out. Here is a long, abstruse bill,
containing conditions which never could be en-
tirely complied with, and under which 110 elec-
tion could be held in any of the States, and yet
any departure from the mode of proceedings
thus prescribed is to be considered as vitiating
the election in every precinct in which such a
departure may take place. The election laws
of the States do not provide that a failure to
comply with ali the provisions of those laws
shall vitiate the election. If the election is
conducted fairly, and the will of the voters is
clearly ascertained, the election is not in any
State declared void, though thcre^ may have
been some variation from the precise method
of proceedings prescribed by law. But this
bill provides that if the election is not conducted
in precise accordance with these voluminous
provisions, which carmot be understood or car-
ried out without great difficulty, the election is
to be declared void. A notice is then to be
served upon the precinct or town canvassers
that the election is contested, and if the can-
vassers do not appear to show tli&t the election
was a fair one the return is to be thrown out.
In a sparsely settled country like tho Territo-
ries, with no opportunities for travel except by
private conveyance, and where one county
sometimes embraces hundreds of miles, the
election officers would never take the trouble
to follow up the proceedings, and thus the
entire return would frequently be thrown out.
But it is said that two of these county can-
vassers are to be-appointed from the dominant
party and one or two from the minority party.
Now, sir, it so happens that in the Territory of
Arizona there is no party whatever. There
has never been a political organization in that
Territory, except in one county. How can
this plan, therefore, be carried out in the Ter-
ritory which I represent? The intent and spirit
of the bill has reference to the parties organ-
ized in the'feiritories. Now, it seems to me,
after you have given us the organic law of the
Territories, which is our constitution, it isquite
as well to let us alone to govern ourselves.
[Here the hammer fell.] "
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield to me five or ten
minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield five minutes.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, I have
examined this bill with a great deal of care.
At the first reading I was disposed to support
it; but, sir, now, here, in thename of the people
of my Territory of both parties, I desire to
enter my protest against its passage. I do it
for the reason that under the organic act of the
Territory our Legislative Assembly has for four
years past governed the Territory by just and
wise laws. The machinery of the territorial
government is now in pcrfect. running order,
and we do not wish, so long as we come within
the requirements of our organic act, that Con-
gress should select our Territories for the pur-
pose of experimental legislation.
I say, furthermore, that if Congress will Jet
these Territories alone and not meddle with
their legislation it would be better, not only
for the people of the Territories themselves,
but for Congress itself. If the Committee on
the Territories or on the Judiciary had intro-
duced a bill of another character, much more
needed in the Territories than a bill of this
kind—I now spealc of a bill allowing the
people of the Territories to elect their own
Governors and judges—that would relieve
them of a load that now presses upon their
shoulders, as 1 know from a residence of hve
years in Colorado, and of some time in
nesota prior to its admission as a State, besides
