1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
till
that evening shall be devoted to the consider-
ation of those bills.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that on Tuesday next the Senate
take a recess from four to seven o'clock, and
that the evening session of that day 'bedeyoted
to the consideration of hills reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS OK MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON. An evening was set apart
last week for the business of the Military Com-
mittee. That committee hasabout twenty-five
bills. Now I wish unanimous consent to have
Wednesday evening nextassigned to that com-
mittee. ["Very well."] I make that motion,
and I hope there will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT/ 'o tempore. It is moved
that on Wednesday next the Senate take a
recess from four o'clock until seven p. m., for
the purpose of considering at the evening ses-
sion bills reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherso5«t, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1989) for the relief of
Peter McGough, collector of internal revenue
and disbursing agent twentieth district, Penn-
sylvania ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) in rela-
tion to the meeting of the House of Repre-
sentatives at the first session of the Forty-
First Congress.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were
thereupon B'jined by the President pro tem-
pore ol the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of
Edwin B. Hoag;
A bill (H. R. No. 941) to amend certain
acts in relation to the Navy and Marine corps ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1519) to restrict and regu-
late the franking privilege ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1906) to establish the col-
lection district of Aroostook, in the State of
Maine, and to more accurately define the
boundaries of the district of Newark, New
J ersey;
A bill (H. R. No. 1969) for the relief of
Nott & Co. ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 120) in regard
to the publication of postal conventions made
with foreign countries; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 458) granting
the consent of Congress provided for in section
ten of the act incorporating the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, approved July 2,
180-1.
bflls OP JODtCIAKY COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the rest of the
session is being divided out I consider it a
matter of duty, and I simply wish a vote of the
Senate upon it, to bring to its attention some
bills of public importance that the Judiciary
Committee think should be considered by this
body. It is seen that to-day the bills relating
to the judicial system of the United States will
not be considered, and they will not be con-
sidered on Monday because the Finance Com-
mittee has that day. There are not any to
bo considered on Tuesday evening. The Sen-
ate sees the disposition it is making of its
business. I do not know how we are ever to
consider the business which the Senate, in
the position I occupy, has put in my charge.
If it is the disposition of the Senate not to
consider it, very well. I have had the bill to
amend the judicial system set down as a special
order; and when the time arrived for consider-
ing it the Senate refused to do so. Suppose
I move that next Tuesday be assigned for the
business of the Committee onthe Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. Why not take Monday
evening ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Monday is farmeddut
already.
Mr. POMEROY. The evening?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Day and evening.
Mr. GRIMES. .Say Thursday evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Iowa propose to remodel the judicial system
of the United States at au evening session, or
to consider that question at a time when there
probably will not be a quorum here? That is
not the only bill. I will make a motion with a
view of having the sense of the Senate ex-
pressed, and I give notice that I am not going
to enter into these squabbles and make speeches
over the order of business: one vote of the
Senate that the business of the Judiciary Com-
mittee is not to be considered will satisfy me.
I have no more interest in it than any other
Senator. I move that on Tuesday next, at one
o'clock, the business reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary shall be considered, to the ex-
clusion of other business. I should like to
Jiaye a vote-on that motion.
The .PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the bills reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary be made the special order for Tues-
day next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
Wednesday be set down specially for the con-
sideration of the naturalization bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will come up on
Tuesday.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think the judi-
cial bill will probably occupy the whole day
on Tuesday. I make that motion, that Wednes-
day be set down for the consideration of the
naturalization bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like to
sit by and see the time of the session farmed
out without suggesting that it may be necessary
as early as Wednesday to consider the Army
appropriation bill, which, I understand, passed
the House yesterday. I hope, therefore, the
Senator from New Jersey, if he thinks it pru-
dent to designate Wednesday for the consid-
eration of his bill, will consent to take it, sub-
ject to the consideration of a bill of that
importance, provided at that time there should
be a necessity to take it up.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think that the
bill in reference to which I have made the
motion is as important as any bill that is before
the Senate ; that the country is looking to Con-
gress to take action on that subject. Of course
all these orders are subject to the disposal of
the Senate at the time, and I hope, as they
have deprived this subject of to-day, they will
fix Wednesday for its consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All I desire to
say, then, is that the Senator will not feel taken
by surprise if on that day I should present to
the consideration of the Senate the preeminent
importance of proceeding with the Army ap-
propriation bill. Under these circumstances
I make no objection to this motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to adopt the lan-
guage of my friend, the Senator from Maine,
and say that I hope the Senate will not be
taken by surprise if one of these days I should
move an executive session for the consideration
of important business. The Senator holds oyer
us appropriation bills. I only make an allusion
to other business, which the Senate wi'il under-
stand and the importance of which theyjknow,
and with regard to which it is enough if I say
there ought to be an executive session. I do
not now move it. but I give notice that I shall
watch the opportunity, and when I can I shall
make the motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
move it at some early hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that Wednesday be assigned for the consider-
ation of the bill respecting naturalization.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that motion in order
if objected to? • • ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir;
beekuse there is a prior motion pending.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As I regard that till
as one'to make naturalization almost impossi-
ble and very expensive, I eonsider it my duty
to object to it whenever I can. I object.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from New Jersey cannot be
entertained.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to lay
the pending question, the tenure-of office bill,
on the table for the present. I will move to
take it up immediately afterward, in order that
I may make the motion to make the naturaliz-
ation bill the special order for Wednesday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Cannot that be
done by general consent?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Objection is
made.
The PRESIDENTjiro tempore. It is moved
that the bill pending be laid on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The motion is
not debatable, I believe. I shall move to take
it up immediately.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the tenure-of-office
bill before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; there
is a motion pending, unless the Senator frott
Michigan has withdrawn his motion to- post-
pone that and prior orders.
Mr. CONKLING. That was withdrawn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw that motion.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had, on the
16th instant, signed and approved the following
bills:
A bill (S. No. 281) granting a pension to
Anne Dycher, widow of Matthew D. Dyeher;
A bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of Jane
McMurray ;
A bill (S. No. 457) granting a pension to
Elizabeth J. Miller, widow of General John
Miller ; and
A bill (S. No. 499) granting a pension to the
widow and child of Martin Whitt, deceased.
The message further announced that the Pre-
sident had, on the 19th instant, signed and
approved the following bills and joint reso-
lutions :
A bill (S. No. 667) to enable the Holly,
Wayne, and Monroe Railway Company, in the
State of Michigan, to have the subscription to
its capital stock duty stamped ;
A bill (S. No. 765) to give an additional term
of the United States circuit court for the east-
ern district of Arkansas; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 171) in rela-
tion to cor.st defense.
The message also announced that the bill
(S. No. 693) for the relief of the poor and
destitute people in the District of Columbia;
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 173) respecting
the provisional governments of Virginia and
Texas: and the joint resolution (S. R. No.
176) relat ive to the recent contract for stationery
for the Department of the Interior, having
been presented to the President of the United
States on the 6th instant, and not having been
approved and signed by him or returned to
the Senate in which they originated within the
time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, had become laws under the pro-
visions of the Constitution.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating correspond-
ence between the Secretary of State and the
minister of the United States at Paris in rela-
tion to the use of passports by citizens of the
United States i-n France: which, on motion of
Mr. Sumner, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
