1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
shape. I believe—and this belief is the result
of reflection upon the subject—that with the
views at present entertained by our people on
the question of the rights of minorities to rep-
resentation, it will be better, in the first in-
stance, to have a mixed system. The great
mass of our citizens fear that the complete
adoption of the abstract principle which the
amendment embodies will sacrifice those local
interests of which at this time each constitu-
ency has a representative in its special candi-
date, that candidate being compelled to reside
in the district. Hence, I have prepared a prop-
osition, although I have not attached it to this
bill, providing that when the number of mem-
bers and senators in the territorial Legislature
shall be increased in consequence of the growth
of population, the additional senators and
members shall be elected bv general ticket
and by a vote of the whole Territory; and that
if, for instance, four persons are to be elected,
every citizen may, if he chooses, record his
vote four times for a single candidate.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask the
srentlemau a question in regard to this matter.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will yield to the
gentleman in a few minutes.
Mr. Speaker, I believe in the principle which
I have just illustrated. By the method I have
stated the minority could have a representation,
and it would afford a security which, under our
present system, cannot be had, for at present it
frequently happens that the majority in legis-
lative assemblies represent a minority of the
people. Indeed, since I have been a member
of Congress it has sometimes happened that
a majority here represented a minority of the
people. This could not happen under a just
system of apportionment. Local interests
would be secured by the election of Represent-
atives for the respective districts, and addi-
tional members would be chosen by the vote
of the electors of the State at large. If there
were ten members to be chosen at large any
citizen, instead of voting for ten different can-
didates, might cast ten votes for one candi-
date. Thus if the minority concentrated their
vote they would be insured a voice in the
Legislative Assembly, though they might num-
ber but a few thousand men. Favoring the
general principle embodied in the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland, I have
allowed him to submit the proposition in order
that he and I might express our respective
views, and that the House, if it should so^
desire, might ingraft the amendment upon the"
bill. I am very certain, however, that the
operation of the gentleman's amendment would
not in the Territories be exactly what he de-
sires, but that a mixed system would be better
for a section of country so sparsely populated.
I will nowyield to my friend from New York,
[Mr. Chanler. J
Mr. CHANLER. My object in seeking the
attention of the chairman of the Committee on
the Territories at this time was rather to give to
gentlemen who have been investigating the
election frauds in New York an opportunity to
state the pivot on which those frauds revolve.
I wish to say that the present system of frauds
was inaugurated by the registration law passed,
I believe, in 1858, by a Republican Legisla-
ture, that law giving to the canvassers vast
power of corruption, which power has been
abused. They have the control of the voting,
and the individual rights of the citizen are
utterly lost by the system of registration which
gives to the canvassers who make out the
returns the power over the whole vote. That
is the experience, I believe, of the committee
sent by this House to investigate the frauds in
New York. I think it is a practical question,
having a direct bearing on the institution of a
similar system in the ierritories, and in that
view, in good faith, I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to ask his colleague [Mr.
Lawrence] to state what his experience has
been on that subject in the recent investigation
in New York.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot do that
just now. I will say to the gentleman that I
have no doubt that under this law there are
ample opportunities for fraud, but 1 can tell
him that if this principle were adopted, with
two men representing the party in the majority
in each ward and two representing the party
in the minority upon the board of canvass-
ers and of judges of election, an affirma-
tive vote of three being required in each case,
either to admit or exclude a voter, either to
record his name or to reject it, and to make
up a poll-list and transmit it to the authorities ;
if that were the case, there would be no oppor-
tunity for repeating, no opportunity for fiauds
such as, in my judgment, now occur.
Mr. CHANLER. All I can say to the gen-
tleman, then, is that exactly that line of argu-
ment was used in the New York State Legis-
lature for the purpose of establishing the present
system. It was intended to reform, but it has
failed completely to effect the object. The
gentleman is now seeking to establish a similar
system with further checks in the Territories.
But I believe it will be futile, because his
remedy does not reach the disease. I have
asked him to listen to those whose experience
in that matter might help him, but he refuses to
do it. I think he makes a mistake if he wishes
to secure votes for the passage of his measure.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the
bill does not provide for any registration. The
board itself is a registration law. When a voter
comes from his gulch or his diggings, ten or
twenty miles distant it may be, and presents
himself to the board, they will make up their
judgment; if he is an elector they will receive
his ballot; if not, they will reject it. The very
fact that the board is composed of an equal
number of men of opposite politics, and that it
requires the affirmative vote of one of the oppo-
site party to admit or rejcct a vote, is a check
against fraudulent voting, is a check against
raids into counties and towns, and gives all
the security which I have been able to devise
in framing this law. But the gentleman will
note that it is provided in the seventeenth sec-
tion that the Legislatures of the Territories are
authorized and empowered to enforce the pro-
visions of this act by additional and appropriate
legislation. And now, sir, 1 ask for a vote on
the amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest to the gentleman that
as his system is very similar to that practiced
^in New York he had better have the bill re-
ferred to the select Committee on the New
York Election Frauds, for the purpose of being
examined by them.
Mr. ASHLEY', of Ohio. 1 cannot yield for
any such purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield to
me one moment?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yres, sir.
Mr. PHELPS. I only want to say, in addi-
tion to the few remarks I have already made,
that the principle embodied in my amendment
is nothing new. It has already been intro-
duced by act of the British Parliament in the
reform bill passed in August, 18G7, under
which the recent elections for members of Par-
liament'have been held. The difference, how-
ever, in the machinery between the provisions
embodied in the English bill and those incor-
porated in the pending amendment is this :
that in the former case the representation of a
local minority is secured by limiting the fran-
chise ; in the present case by extending the fran-
chise. I beg to call attention to the following
section of the English law :
"At a contested election of any county or borough
represented by three members no person shall vote
for more than two candidates."
That is the whole of it. Under that section
thus limited in districts where three members
are to be elected, the right of each voter to vote
for two candidates out of the three secures in
that way to the minority the right of electing
one of the candidates. The system provided
in this amendment is equivalent to the English
system : but instead of curtailing and abridg-
ing the vote it increases it by giving the voter
the right to vote as many ballots as there are
candidates.
The question was taken on Mr. Muixins's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Phelps's
amendment.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. The only
way to get rid of this matter is to move that
the bill and amendments be laid upon the
table, and I make that motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 70.
Mr. ASHLEY", of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ashley, of
Ohio, and Mr. Hoi.max, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 73.
So the motion to lay on the table was dis-
agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment ; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 49, nays 11G, not voting 57 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Andorson, Archer, Axtell, Bakor,
Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Boydcn, Boyer,
ltodonclt It. Butler, Chanler, Cook, Deweese, Get?,.
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gove, Grover, Hawkins,
lleaton, llolman, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Alexander II. J ones, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Lash, George V. Lawrence. Mallory. Marshall, Mc-
Cormick, McCullough, Mungen, Newshaui, Nichol-
son, Phelps, Boss, Spalding, Stone, Taber, Tafi'e, Van
Trump, Elihu 13. Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson,
Woodward, and Young—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwcll, Bowen, Broomall, Buckland. Buck-
ley, Callis, Cary, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Chft, Cobl), Coburn, Corley, Cornell, Covode.Cullorn,
Dawes, .Dickey, Dodge, jEggleston, Ela, Thomas D.
Eliot, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth, Eerriss, Fields,
French, (loss, Gravely, Harding, Haughey, lligby.
Hill, Hopkins, Hunter, Iligcrsoll, Johnson. Judd,
Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughi-idge, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, MeKee, Mcrcur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head, Mulling, Myers. Newcomb, Niblack, Norris.
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pettis, Pierce, Piko,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price, Prince, ltandall,
Rauin, ltobinson, lloota, Sawyer, behenck, Seoueid,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, fctark-
weather, Stevens, Stokes, Stover,Thomas, Tift, John
Trimble. Lawrence S. Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Vidal, Ward, Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whit-
temore, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John X. Wilson, and Windorn—116.
NOT VO'HNG—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, Bingham, Blackburn. Boles,Brom-
well. Brooks, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Churolull. Delano, Dixon, Doekery, Donnelly, Drigga.
Ecklcy, Edwards, Eldridge, Ferry, Fox, Garfield,
Griswold, llaight, llalsey, Hamilton, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, ltichard D. Hub-
bard, ilulburd, Kelley, Ketcham, Iiaflin, Loan,
Logan, Lynch, Morrell, Morrissey, Nunn, Peters,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson, Selye, Stewart, Syphcr,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Twiehell, Kobert 1. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wood, and
Wood bridge—57.
So the amendment was rejected.
The substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. CAVANAUGH demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
01, noes fill.
So the. bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrobed a
bill (H. R. No. 1598J to relieve from disabilities
