236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Congressional Railroads—Mr. Sitgreaves.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
We all know why this boon of taxation was
graciously conceded in this bill. We all know
that if the right of eminent domain is in the
General Government this taxation would con-
flict with the Federal power. We all know
that it will be repealed when the purpose for
which it was introduced is accomplished ; and
we all know that it will not be embodied in
any future bill after the right to construct rail-
roads under the authority of Congress is estab-
lished.
I shall, therefore, in the discussion of this
bill, consider it as the inauguration of a system
which gives, and is intended to give, exclusive
jurisdiction to the Federal Government; and
while this system assumes the right of exclu-
sive jurisdiction over the soil occupied by the
road, it is rendered more odious from the fact
that it does it by means of a private corporation.
I do not know whether the advocates of this
eharter assume that it is a direct or incidental
mode of executing the enumerated powers of
Congress, but I do know that in either case
the results are the same in ousting the States
of their jurisdiction. I do know that this
system will authorize one man to enter upon
the property of another and for his own pri-
vate gain and purposes wrest that property
from the rightful owner, and I do know that
not a single exercise of power, either legis-
lative or territorial, will be left to the States
which the Government inav seize—State legis-
lation, State judiciary, and the sacred rights
of eminent domain will be trampled upon by
the heel of arbitrary power, either directly by
the act of the Government or through the
intervention of private corporations. If Con-
gress has power to wrest from a State a single
foot of her soil without her consent for the pur-
poses of this bill, then it has the right to seize
any portion or all her territory to raise cotton
or to plant tracts of oak forests or to colonize
the colored man, under pretense that such
seizure is necessary to promote the public wel-
fare, to maintain a Navy, regulate commerce,
or to carry out the " higher law " of right and
justice atld human brotherhood.
The fratners of the Constitution repudiated
the idea that Congress had a right to exercise
this power without the consent of the States.
•Tames Madison denied the right in his veto mes-
sage of March 3, 1817. James Monroe reaf-
firmed the denial in his special message re-
turning to the House of Representatives the bill
for repairs of the Cumberland road. Thomas
Jefferson denied that power in the Federal-
ist ; and that incorruptible patriot and stern
defender of the Constitution, Andrew Jackson,
with a reasoning incontrovertible, denied the
right in his veto of the Maysville road bill, and
that veto was sustained by the nation. For
almost half a century after the adoption of the
Constitution, in all controversies in relation to
the power of Congress to make internal im-
provements, the question related solely to the
constitutional power, with the consent of the
States—never without that consent.
In relation to the commercial power, while
I admit that Congress has power to regulate
commerce among the several States, and that
the States are prohibited from "laying any
imposts or duties on imports or exports, ex-
cept what may be absolutely necessary for ex-
ecuting their inspection laws,'' which was made
a constitutional provision to correct the abuses
which were perpetrated under the old Articles
of Confederation, Idenythe rightof Congress
to prescribe the means of commercial inter-
course. Congress may make rules and laws
to govern commerce, but cannot make canals
and railways to transport commerce. Such a
power exists not in the Constitution, but only
in the brains of those men who by construc-
tion would overthrow every safeguard which
the Constitution has erected to protect the
States from the encroachments of Federal des-
potism. If you construe the word "regulate"
commerce to include the means, as an inevit-
able sequence you can exercise the power when
and where it shall be sold, nullify State laws
connected with internal traffic and licensed
auctioneers, and build a merchant marine for
every navigable river.
The Constitution throughout all its provis-
ions is an instrument of checks and balances;
the power to regulate commerce extends to
navigation of vessels carrying merchandise,
coasting trade, fisheries, light-houses, buoys,
beacons, ports of entry and delivery, &c., but
was never intended to apply to the means of
transportation either of foreign commerce or
the internal commerce of the States by con-
structing vessels, canals, or railroads. The
denial of that power by the Constitution to
make a canal is conclusive proof that no such
power was intended. If so, then the members
of the convention stultified themselves by a
grave discussion and denial of a right which
existed in the enumerated powers given by the
Constitution.
The road proposed by this bill is called a
military and postal road. It was incubated
after a lengthy sitting by the Committee on
Roads and Canals, who were instructed by
resolution passed April 27, 1868, " to inquire
whether Congress has the power, under the
Constitution, to provide by law for the regula-
tion and control of railroads, especially those
extending through several States, so as to se-
cure, first, the safety of passengers; second,
uniform and equitable rates of fare ; third,
uniform and equitable charges for freight or
transportation of property; fourth, proper con-
nections with each other as to transportation
of passengers and freight; and if, in the opin-
ion of the committee, Congress possesses such
power, then to report a bill which will secure
the foregoing objects."
In their report of seven printed pages to
justify the passage of this bill the whole is
devoted to the right of construction under the
commercial power, except eight lines ; and yet
the road is stated in the preamble of the bill to
be a " military and postal railway."
In discussing the power of Congress in rela-
tion to the construction of a railway directly
by the Government or by the intervention of
a corporation, no one I presume will assert
that a commercial road can be constructed
under the power (if there were such a power)
to construct a military or postal road, or con-
struct a postal road under the commercial or
military power, or a military road under the
postal or commercial power. To exercise the
power to promote one object under the power
to promote another distinct object would ren-
der the Constitution a nose of wax to be
manipulated into any shape that politicians or
plunderers might choose to subserve their own
selfish purposes; yet this bill, in its preamble,
with the report that accompanied it and the
arguments of its advocates, combines all of
these objects, showing conclusively that in
the opinion of its framers it could not'be sus-
tained under any single enumerated power
granted by the Constitution irrespective of the
others. One fourth of the members might
suppose that Congress has no power to con-
struct or there is no necessity for a postal and
military road, yet may vote for it as a com-
mercial road; one fourth that Congress has
no power to construct or there is no necessity
for a commercial or postal road, and may vote
for it as a military road; and one fourth that
Congress has no power to construct or there
is no necessity for a military or commercial
road, and may vote for it as a postal road; and
by parsing it establish a system which could
not singly command more than one fourth of
the votes of the members. This legislative
trick was first introduced into the United States
Senate to condemn and disgrace President
Jackson, by a resolution declaring that his
recent acts in relation to the revenue " were
not warranted by the Constitution and laws,
but were in derogation of both."
Some Senators based their votes on official
acts relating to one thing and some on another ;
while probably no single act if defined would
have been denounced by a majority of Sen-
ators. Such a mode to obtain the requisite
number of votes is unworthy fair and honor-
able legislation. It is a mode of legislation
which for years cursed Pennsylvania with
omnibus and tape-worm and plunder bills,
until the system "stank in the nostrils" of
every honest man, and it went down branded
as a fraud upon the people and the "higher
laws" of honesty, justice, and honor.
Mr. Speaker,-1 admit the right to construct
a road by the war power, ex necessitate, and
for a limited period; but that power is wielded
by the Executive, and ceases with the exigency
that called it into existence.
I deny that there is a military necessity for
the construction of a military road now between
thecities of Washington and New York. Were
the directors of the present lines connecting
these cities wanting in alacrity or patriotism
during the rebellion ; or if they were, could
not these lines have been seized and used by
the war power? No, sir; they were promptly
volunteered to the Government in its hour of
peril, and every requirement was met. With
one day's notice forty thousand men, with all
their arms and munition of war could be trans-
ported in two days from New York to Phila-
delphia on the New Jersey roads; with three
days' notice the whole rolling-stock of the
Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore rail-
road, and Baltimore and Ohio railroad, now
occupying four hundred and seventy-seven
miles of railway, could be concentrated at
Philadelphia and Baltimore; with three days'
notice these roads could transport troops
with all t-heir arms in three consecutive days
from New York to Washington sufficient to
cope with and conquer any army of invasion
that could be landed on our shores. Sir, there
is no necessity for a military road on that route.
The necessity did not exist during the war of
the rebellion. It exists now only in the cu-
pidity of those who desire a rival road to fiich
from honest men the honest avails of their en-
terprise and capital. The necessity will never
exist, not even in a renewal of the rebellion,
which, while in magnitude it has no parallel
in the past, will have no parallel in the future.
No one believes in a renewal of the rebellion
but the coward; no one proclaims it but the
dastard who would trample on a fallen foe, or
the enemy of a restoration of the States. W ith
our coasts defended by iron-clads, manned by
our gallant tarsi no foreign invaders will ever
land in force on our shores; or if they do, not
in sufficient numbers to require the organiza-
tion of armies equal in numbers to one fifth of
the armies organized against the rebellion.
Notwithstanding the entire capacity of the
present roads for the exigencies of the military
service during the war, they would occupy less
time now in the transportation of troops, as
since then that stupendous work, the bridge at
Havre-de-Grace, resting on iron-clad piers,
has been erected by the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad at a vast expense for the benefit of^ the
traveling public. Nor were these the only lines
of road available during the war. The Central
railroad of New Jersey, running from New
York to Philipsburg on the Delaware, sixty
miles above Philadelphia and fifty miles above
tide-water, was also used during the rebellion
by order of the Secretary of War for the trans-
portation of the troops from New York to
Washington by way of'Baston and Harrisbnrg,
showing that by this Harrisburg route troops
can be transported to the capital from New
York without danger in time of war, which is
the reason given in the bill for crossing " the
river Susquehanna at some point above tide-
water." Sinoe then another railroad has been
constructed in New Jersey and is now in full
operation, the Morris and Essex railroad, run-
I ing from New York to Philipsburg, giving
