THE1 eOHORBSBIOKM.-; GffiOfili
January 19.
R. W. Best and Samuel P. Phillips, Wf North
Carolina; when tbe Speaker signed the game.
kansas indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting &
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs relative to the destitute conditionof
the Kansas Indians and the diversion of the
school fund from educational purposes to the
purchase of supplies; wbieh was referred to
tha Committee on Appropriation s,
HOUSE EMPLOYES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the annual report of the Clerk of the House
of the list of employes, and stating that they
have all been usefully employed, in compli-
ance with the act of .May 26,1842; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
contingent expenses of house.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the report of the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives upon the contingent expenses of
the House; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Inspector general.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the inspector general
for an appropriation for one fourth-class clerk
in the pending appropriation bill; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
ordnance bureau.
Thfe SPEAKER also laid before the House !
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the chief of ordnance
on the insufficiency of the clerical force in that
bureau, as provided for in the pending appro-
priation bill; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
battalion of engineers.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the chief of engineers,
recommending certain legislation to increase
tbe efficiency of the battalion of engineers j
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. .
8«W WAR BBiPARTMBNT BUILDING.
TheSPEAKERalao, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Hoiise a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of a
board of officers on anew building for the War
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee On Military Affairs.
cheyenne and arapahoe indians.
•j1*16 ®.^®AKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communi-
cation frornthe Commissionerof Indian Affairs,
with an estimate of appropriations required' to
carry out a treaty with the Cheyenne and Ara-
pa,hoe Indians ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
tonnage duties in west indies.
, The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, transmitting correspondence on
the subject of tonnage duties on vessels and
merchandise in the Spanish West India islands •
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, fiom the Committee on
Mroiled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled an act
il. K. ISO. 1201) amendatory of an act entitled
'An act relating to habeas corpus, and regu-
lating judicial proceedings in certain cases •"
when the Speaker signed the same. '
kkscmption of specie payments.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
ill order was the consideration of the. special
ord«r, being House bill No. 240, W provide for
the resumption of specie payments, on which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] was
entitled to the floor.
. Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I wish to call up
a motion to reconsider the vote on House bill
No. 1041, granting the right of way to the
Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes; and I ask
the gentleman to yield to me for that purpose.
The bill not being engrossed, it went upon the
table.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield for that purpose.
• Mr. HOLMAN. Is that the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER.- The motion toreconsideris
privileged when no other business is pending.
speaker's table
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I wish to have the
bill to which I have referred passed and sent
to the Senate. It was only laid over for en-
grossment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the right to take any gentleman off the
floor for the purpose of moving to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
the business on the Speaker's table.
pay of officers.
The SPEAKER stated the first business upon
the Speaker's table to be the following con- j
current resolution from the Senate:
In the Sexatb of the United States,
Dcctmber 15, 1868.
Resolved, That the joint committee appointed at
the first session of tbe present Congress, and contin-
ued at the last session, to revise and fix the pay of
the officers of the two Houses, be, and they are hereby,
reappointed.
Ordered. That Mr. Fbssendex, Mr. Sherman, and
Mr. Buckalew be the committee on the part of the
Senate.
Attest: GEORGE C. GORHAM,
Secretary.
The resolution was concurred in.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed as the committee on the part of the
House Mr. Woodbridoe, Mr. Eckley, and
Mr. McCullough.
suits in tiie rebel states.
The next business upon the Speaker's tablff
was the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 1261, amendatory of an act entitled
"An act relating to habeas corpus, and regu-
lating judicial proceedings in certain cases."
The Senateamendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause atad insert
the following:
That tbe provisions of an act entitled "An act re-
lating to habeas corpus, and regulating judicial pro-
ceedings in certain cases," approved March 3,1863,
so far as the same relate to the removal of causes
from the State to the Federal courts, be, and thesame
is hereby,declared to extend to any suit or action at
Jaw or prosecution, civil or criminal, which has been
or shall be commenced in any State court against the
owner or owners of any ship or vessel, or of any rail-
way, or of any line of transportation, firm, or cor-
poration engaged in business as common carriers of
goods, wares, or merchandise, for any loss or-damage
which may have happened to any goods, wares, ot
merchandise whatever, which shall have been de-
livered to any such owner or owners of any ship or
vessel, or any railway, or of any line of transport-
ation, firm, or corporation engaged in business as
common carriers, where such loss or damage shall
have been occasioned by the acts of those engaged in
hostility to the Government of the United States dur-
Xugii ^ i re"elii°n  or where such loss or damage
snail have been occasioned by any of the forces of
, United States, or by any officer in command of
fcuch forces: Provided, That this act shall not be con-
strued t9 affect any eontract of insurance for war
risks which may have -been made with reference to
any goods, wares, or merchandise which shall have
been so destroyed.
Mr. THOMAS. I move concurrence with
the Senate in the amendment which has just
been read. I suppose, Mr. Speaker, that it
will be within the recollection of the House
that we passed, by a very large majority, a bill
of this character which was much more com-
prehensive than the proposition 01" the Senate.
The Senate propose to strike out the whole ot
the House bill, and to substitute a bill which
will have the effect of transferring suits from
the State courts to the courts of the United
States in cases where goods in charge ol si
common carrier have been destroyed by the
troops of the United States or by troops en-
gaged recently in the rebellion against, the
Government. It will also be within the recol-
lection of the House that I had read at the
Clerk's desk, when this subject was up for-
merly, more than one letter coming from well-
informed and highly-intelligent gentlemen of
the South to the effect that fair trials could
not be had in the State courts where these
cases were pending; that jurors, in defiance ot
the instructions of the judges, in more than
one case found damages against these com-
mon carriers for the loss of goods which had
been destroyed by the common enemy of the
country or by the Dnited States forces. The
law was clear as laid down in these eases. 1 do
not suppose there is a gentleman who will
dispute that declaration on my part, but tbe
prejudice was so great on the part of local
claimants against those who were non-resi-
dents of the community that there was an
entire failure of justice. The amendment of
the Senate proposes to transfer the trial of
these causes before jurors summoned by an
officer of the United States, in whose fidelity
we can all have confidence. I do no expect
there can be much objection to the proposi-
tion from the Senate, and I ask for a vote.
Mr. NiBLACK. I understand the difficulty
to be in finding jurors. 1 ask the gentleman
whether the same objection would not apply to
the same classof men summoned in the United
States courts ?
Mr. THOMAS. I supposed the gentleman
would see the full force of the remarks I made.
When the marshal of the United States, an
officer of the whole people of the United States,
is to summon jurors to try these cases, we take
it for granted that he will select that class who
will do justice to all parties, whether resident
or non-resident. This is to transfer the select-
ing power* from the local sheriff to an officer
of the^tovernment of the United States.
NIBLACK. I think this but obviates
parfof the objection, if it is to be referred to
th/mass of the people.
sir. THOMAS. I object more particularly
the jurors being selected by the local sheriff,
f 'ho is himself dependent upon the class from
whom thejurorsare taken for his position. But
sir, this bill is justified upon higher ground.
Non-residents under the Constitution of the
United States have a right to a trial in courts
of the United States in cases where they are
concerned.
I will yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, who moved this bill originally and had
it referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rose to ask the gen-
tleman a question, and not to engage in this
discussion at all. I wish to know whether the
bill from the Senate includes the substance of
the provisions of the bill passed by the House ?
Mr. THOMAS. I have explained that
already, but I see that I will have to occupy
more time than I intended. There were three
mils before the Judiciary Committee of the
House ; one offered by myself, one by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and one by the
gentleman from Illinois, the chairman of the
Committee on Roads and Canals. Each one
ot those bills had its origin in special complaints
ot the unjust action of jurors in the South :
and the Judiciary Committee reported a bill
covering the whole ground of those three propo-
sitions. the Senate have thought proper to
strike out the House bill, to strike out the pro-
visions introduced by myself and the gentleman
ti° u-n ' an, to Present « lieu of them
the bill presented by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. Such I understand to be the state
or the case.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish
merely to say that I offered the bill to which
