1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Congressional Railroads—Mr. Sitgreaves.
Ho. op Reps.
additional facilities and guarantees for the
safety of troops from Li danger in time of war."
Mr. Speaker, a similar bill to this passed the
House a year or more since, and, as a demon-
stration of railroad speed, it was passed under
the operation of the previous question and
was called an "air-line railroadand with
this assumption on its face the people believed
that it would shorten the distance by railway
from New York to Washington. Strange as
it may seem it was passed as an a air-line
route." Now, let any member examine the
maps of Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania,
and New Jersey and he will see that no line
nearer an air-line could be constructed than
the present line between these cities unless
you tunnel through stupendous mountains and
bridge for miles over the waters of the Chesa-
peake bay ; that the shortest practicable route,
with a grade less than thirty feet per mile, can
be run only on the existing lines; yet for fear
this falsehood would be exposed no opponent
of the bill was permitted to open his mouth in
the debate.
There is no necessity for this road as a
postal road. All the roads in the United States,
x believe, by an act of Congress, in 1853, were
declared post roads ; and surely one route is
sufficient to transport the mails between New
York and Washington. The old objection that
the mails were delayed in running through
Philadelphia on horse-cars has been obviated
by the trains running through the suburbs of
the city without change of cars.
Presideut Monroe, in his message to Con-
gress, on the 4th of May, 1822, gives the true
construction of the power to establish post
offices and post roads:
"What is the just import of these words? The
word ' establish' is the ruling term ; post offices and
post roads are the subjects on which it acts. The
question is, what power is granted by that word ?
" If we were to ask aDy number of our enlightened
citizens who had no connection with public affaire
and whose minds were unprejudiced what was the
import of the word ' established ' and the extent of
the grant which it controls, we are satisfied that all
of them would answer that a power was thereby
given to Congress to fix on the towns, court-houses,
and other placcs throughout the Union at which
there should be post offices; the routes by which the
mails should be carried from onepost office to another,
so as to diffuse intelligence extensively, and to make
the institution as useful as possible: to fix the postage
to be paid on every letter and packet thus carried:
to support the establishment and to protect thepost
offices and mails from robbery. The idea of a right
to lay off the roads of the United States on a general
scale of improvement; to take the soil from the pro-
prietor by force; tto establish turnpikes and tolls,
and to punish offenders in the manner stated above
never occurred to any person.
"If the United States possessed the power con-
tended for under this grant, might they not, m
adapting the roads of the individual States for tue
carriage of themails, as has been done, assume juris-
diction over them and preclude a right to interfere
with or alter them ? Might they not establish turn-
pikes, and exercise all the other acts of sovereignty
above stated over such roads necessary to protect
theui from injury and defray the expense of repair-
ing them? Surely if the right exists these conse-
quences necessarily followed as soon as the road was
established. The absurdity of such a pretension
must bo apparent to all who examino it. In this
way a large portion of the territory of every btate
might bo taken from it, for there is scarcely a road
in any State which will not bo used for the transport-
ation of the mail. A new field of legislation ana
internal improvement would thus be opened.
I£ven Judge Story, in his Commentaries,
section eleven hundred and forty, volume two,
admits that in this case it would not be sound
policy to construct a post road. He says:
" It is said that there is no reason why Congress
should be invested with such a power, seeing that
the State roads do furnish such routes for the mail.
When State roads do furnish such routes there cer-
tainly can be no sound policy in Congress making
other routes."
I oppose the system inaugurated by this bill,
because it assumes the power of Congress to
exonerate from State taxation every railroad,
canal, and turnpike upon which goods are trans-
ported from State to State by declaring that
they are instruments of interstate commerce
and that no State has a right, by taxation or
otherwise, to burden commerce in its passage
through the territories, as they allege is now
done by the joint companies. This will follow
as a logical sequence of the system when estab-
lished ; for it has been well said that our canals
and railroads are a unit, and all are concerned
in transporting merchandise from State to
State; or if no such sweeping act is passed,
then by a "connection " with the roads con-
structed under the authority of Congress they
become in fact the instruments of the Govern-
ment to carry out its powers, and can demand
immunity from State taxes on the principles,
well known to every lawyer, enunciated in the
case of McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland,
(4 Wheaton, 416,) principles which have been
reaffirmed in every subsequent decision on the
same subject.
"1. That the power to create implies the power to
destroy.
"2. That a power to destroy, if wielded by a dif-
ferent hand, is hostile to and incompatible with the
power to create and preserve.
*' 3. That when this repugnancy exists that author-
ity which is superior must control, not yield, to that
over which it is supreme.
"4. That the power to tax involves the power to
destroy.
"5. That the power to destroy may defeat and ren-
der useless the power to create.
" If the States may tax one instrument employed
by the Government in the execution of its power
they may tax any; they might tax tho Mint, mails,
judicial process, and all means used by the Govern-
ment to an excess which would defeat all the meas-
ures of the Government.
" The State has no power by taxation or otherwise
to retard, impede, burden, or in any manner control
the operation of constitutional laws enacted by Con-
gress to carry into execution the powers vested in the
General Government."
Inaugurate this system by the passage of this
bill, which you know will be followed by a
thousand other bills of a like character, and
this exemption of State property from taxation
you inflict on States where people are burdened
by a taxation that bows them to the very earth,
and which will rest on their children and their
children's children for half a century to come,
and you will require of them, as the ancient
Pharaohs required of the children of Israel,
to find the same amount of bricks while you
take away the straw ; a taxation incurred, too,
by impulses of patriotism as pure as ever
throbbed in the breast of man. The people
will ask what party, what individuals inaugu-
rated a scheme which lifts taxation on property
and business worth more than the national
debt from the shoulders of railroad owners
and places it on the property and earnings of
the people.
But if this freedom from taxation should not
be the result of your system, then I oppose it,
because it would give a fatal stab to the internal
improvements of the country. When a rail-
road charter is granted by the State, there is
an express or implied contract that the capital-
ists who build the road shall be protected from
competition so long as they meet all the reason-
able demands of the public. Upon the faith
of this contract, express or implied, men invest
their capital and build the works. It is a prin-
ciple of sound policy for the extension of in-
ternal improvements and development of State
resources as well as of fair dealing. Iso man
would invest his capital in the construction of a
railroad if he knew or believed that the moment
it was completed or yielded a dividend a rival
road would be chartered to compete with it in
business. Under that system of State charters
our land has been covered by a net-work of
railroads. Whenever aud wherever commerce
or travel demanded, there a railroad has been
or will be constructed. Under that system the
energies of the people have been encouraged
and fostered. Under that system we have been
the means of doing more for the industry and
prosperity of man than any nation under heaven.
By that system the skill of our mechanics, the
diffusion of knowledge, the cultivation of our
soil, the energies of our sons, on lake, land,
and sea, have placed our people in the van of
nations. Under that policy the avenues of
commerce have been opened; the most gigantic
rebellion that the world ever saw has beeu
crushed ; and a net-work of railroads has been
stretched over the land which commands the
admiration and elicits the astonishment of the
world.
I have not the means of knowing the num-
ber of miles of railroad now completed under
State charters, but in 1860 the number of miles
exceeded thirty thousand ; a chain of railroads
which, in one continous line, would more than
girdle this great globe; and of this vast con-
struction and expenditure the States through
which this proposed railroad would pass have
more than performed their share ; and I learn
from the able speech of the gentleman from
Indiana .[Mr. Kerr] that now "over forty
thousand miles of railways are in complete
operation, at a cost in construction of about
twenty-six hundred million dollars." By the
inauguration of your system you paralyze these
energies. No men will invest under a State
charter with the certain prospect of competi-
tion whenever it will pay, under the authority
of the General Government. There will be no
security against competitions from other States,
under the authority of Congress, by men who
have no direct interest in the honor, prosper-
ity, or soil of the State with whose roads they
wish to compete. These men will only de-
mand charters for routes which promise imme-
diate remuneration of the outlay. On the
other hand, the citizens will not construct a
road on such routes under State charters with
the knowledge that when the road shall be-
come profitable a rival road will be created for
thebencfitof stock jobbers, in thenameof com-
merce, and impelled by avarice and plunder.
Sir, 1 am " not a prophet, nor the son of a
prophet,'' but I predict that under your sys-
tem you will not have half the number of rail-
roads available for military, commercial, and
postal service in fifty years as you would have
under the State system, nor would you gain
the support of the millions of citizens who
have invested in railways, by declaring their
roads instruments of commerce, and thus free-
ing them from State taxation ; for your system
of competition would cause then to lose in the
depreciation of stock ten times the amount of
State tax.
Inaugurate this system and you interfere
with the energies and pockets of the people ;
you alienate their affection for the Union and
reverence for its laws; you inaugurate a con-
flict of interests between the State and Federal
Government. This conflict of interests will
bring on a struggle for power, and in that
struggle the States will triumph, by curtailing
even the power now constitutionally vested in
Congress by an amendment which will demand,
if not indemnity for the past, at least security
for the future.
Inaugurate this system and you give the
earnings of the industrious and patriotic to
the idle and worthless drones who feed and
fatten on their country in peace and war.
Inaugurate this system and you violate the
national faith. Upon the faith of the construc-
tion given to the powers of the Constitution by
the framers themselves, by successive Presi-
dents, by judicial decisions, and by the acqui-
escence of Congress in their construction, this
vast outlay was made, these works were con-
structed. By the passage of this bill that faith
will be violated, and the Goths will be invited
to enter Rome.
Inaugurate this system and you inaugurate
sectional legislation. Before many years the
West and South will control Congress, and
they will take the lion's share of the public
plunder.
Inaugurate this system and you inaugurate
a railroad bureau, with its hordes of officers
throughoutthe whole land to harass the people
and eat out their substance.
The highest dictates of morality as well as
sound policy require the Federal Government
to hold inviolate all constitutional contracts
made under the authority of State laws and in
