1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOB1.
mm
ing the meaning of the requirement? The
President must be satisfied that the officer is
fuilty of some misconduct. Nobody but the
'resident need l>e satisfied. No species of
misconduct or of evidence and no measure of
misconduct or of evidence is required. The
President is made the sole judge at once of the
acts and of the omissions which constitute mis-
conduct, and of the grounds for believing that
the acts or omissions have taken place. The
■whole of it is this: the President must find
some cause he is not ashamed to state, and he
must state it
It may be inconvenient to make this report,
doubtless it is so, and therefore it should be
dispensed with when it can be safely dispensed
with; that is to say, it should be dispensed with
in the ease of a wise and honest Chief Magis-
trate. We have been living in times when this
inconvenience was wholesome, nay, essential
as a breakwater, a safeguard against- wanton-
ness and venality. It has been a safeguard,
only half adequate, to be sure, because circum-
vented and conspired against, but still a safe-
guard, which has done much good by prevent-
ing much harm. We are coming now to other
and different times. The executive power is
about to pass into other hands. The execu-
tion of the laws is about to be committed to
one who has never set himself above law, who
has not been ambitious to personify barbarous
obstinacy and egotism, but who everywhere
tias evinced moderation, sense, capacity, and
integrity, which entitle him to our confidence,
and to the confidence of the American people.
From his path I would remove every hinderance,
because honesty and good sense should not be
hindered. Good purpose deserves free course
as muchias guilty purpose deserves the check
and the throttle.
The whole question, then, is how to dis-
pense with all that is needless and inconven-
ient, and with nothing more. Looking merely
to practical results for the next four years, and
ignoring all other elements in the ease, I should
not object to a repeal of the. whole act. ^ I
should not object to suspending its operation
altogether for the present or for a fixed term.
The committee proposes, however, a modifi-
cation which seems to me adapted to the pur-
pose, because it leaves the President entirely
unhampered, and I do not see the force of the
objections urged against it. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Mortok] finds two grounds of
exception to the proposed amendment. He
thinks that to waive the assignment by the
President of his reasons for removing an offi-
cer will be to leave the Senate in the dark
when the question of confirming a successor
arises. Again, he thinks that injustice would
be done by removing or suspending officers
without stating the reasons. From these ob-
jections he deduces an argument, at least an
announcement, in favor of absolute repeal.
If the objections are good they seem to me
siot to point to a repeal of the law, far from
it; aud the objections themselves appear to
me more specious than real. If we repeal the
iaw altogether, removals roust take place with-
out explanation or statement. " Death with-
out talk" would be the course of proceeding
then. If removal from office affixes a stigma,
the stigma must be affixed. So, too, it the
Senate deems it necessary to go behind the
act of the President in removing one and ap-
pointing another, and behind the discretion
supporting that act, the Senate must, in the
language of the Senator, •'grope in the dark."
The Senate must seek information for itself.
In these respects the matter is as broad as it
is long. its either ease practically the Sen-
ate would confide in the wisdom and good
sense of the President. The merit of the
proposition of the committee seems to me to
consist chiefly in its assertion and preserva-
tion of the true meaning and spirit of the
Constitution.
In theory of law, the President alone does
not under our system make and unmake the
chief or important officer? of the nation. On
the contrary, this exercise of power requires
the concurrence of the President and the
Senate.
This is the mandate of the Constitution,this
is the.interpretation of those who made it and
of those by whose genius and learning it has
been illustrated and enforced. This is the
inteat of the Constitution as affirmed by more
than two thirds of each House of Cougess only
two years ago, when the act was first adopted,
and again when it was challenged by a* veto.
This is the spirit of the Constitution's deelared
upon his oath by every Representative who
presented the President at our bar for trial,
and as declared by every Senator who found
him guilty, and as declared, too, by -Senators
who found him not guilty; making in all more
than two thirds of the highest judicial tribunal
known to our laws. A constitutional construc-
tion so grave in its nature and.in its conse-
quences,so recently, so repeatedly, so solemnly
affirmed,, is worthy sorre regard at least, in the
absence of an argument, based even upon con-
venience, for flinging it away.
The modification suggested seems to me ample
to remove everything onerous or inconvenient
from both the President and the Senate, This
is all the occasion requires, and with this I am
content.
The first section withdraws altogether from
heads of Department, as far as the Constitu-
tion will permit, every agency in their appoint-
ment and tenure of office, save that of the
President alone. If these officers cannot be
distinguished from others in principle, they can
be distinguished by courtesy, and this distinc-
tion shall suffice for me. We perhaps violate
no obligation which we may not hold in abey-
auce by extending this courtesy and confidence
to the incoming President; and I would gladly
extend to him everything of courtesy and of
confidence.
I do not refer at this moment to provisions
of the amendment touching subjects independ-
ent of the one I have discussed, having risen
only to state my impressions of it in so far as
it affects the existing law prescribing the tenure
of civil office.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of the
Senator from New York, I should like to ask
him a question that we may understand what
the difference is. My question is, whether the
amendment of the committee which gives to the
President the authority to suspend an officer,
the suspension to be reported to the next ses-
sion of Congress within twenty days, does not
carry with it the necessary implication that the
suspension must be for cause, the sufficiency of
which the Senate must consider and judge
afterward? If the suspension must be for cause,
why is not the President required to state the
Cause, that the Senate may judge of it? Why
require the suspension to be for cause, and yet
not require the cause to be given, so that the
Senate may judge of it?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator only antici-
pates some brief observations I was about to
make. I say no to his whole proposition ;
and I will explain my unqualified negative.
Section two of the act as it stands does require
'•'cause,'' though in none of the distorted
senses which have been given to the word for
partisan purposes; yet existing law does re-
quire ''cause" adequate in the estimation of
the President, andareportofth&t "cause." But
the proposed modification requiresno "cause"
whatever; it waives all'1 cause,'' both in report
and in fact. So far from requiring cause to
exist or to be shown by the President as a
prerequisite to removal from office, it dispenses
to the utmost verge of the Constitution with
every actual fetter binding the executive will,
with every hinderance, and at the^ same time
preserves the position of constitutional right
aud duty upon which the two Houses have so
emphatically, so steadfastly, and so conspicu-
ously stood. Let us see. Should the amend-
ment proposed by the committee prevail the
attitude of the President will bedescribed thus—
I beg the honorable Senator from Indiana to
observe the language:
" It sfa&il be lawful for the President whenever,
divrhlK aree&s&urf th«Sonn.te, m his opinion fcfee pub-
lic g,ood shall require it, to suspend any offiow," %-
Whenever i« his "opinion." Opinion,.Mr.
President, is perhaps the most, absolutely op-
tional and free of all tilings 5 it has no color,
shape, size, t i m e, or p la ce s it so re s Ui po h an y-
fcWtng or nothing; it is a com pound of judgment
and knowledge,, .or of neither; of. feeling, preju-
dice, error. Any conclusion, of the mia<l, Hoy
operation of the will satisfies the term ■" opin-
ion." Itis absolute latitude and license; nothing
in the domain of discretion can be more inde-
pendent of all qualification and restraint. la-
stead that of requiring " cause fo exist, the
provision is that suspensions may occiir iostantly
whenever the President thinks the public good
requires. Will the Senator fro m Indiana a'rgiie
or admit that the incoming President wouid
make or would accept an invitation from Con-
gress to make removals, unless in his opinion
they would eonduce to the public good? .Obvi-
ously no such argument or admission will pro-
ceed from those who by their votes and by their
voices attributed to General Grant qualities
befitting the great office to which he.has been
chosen. Thus the Senator's suggestion that
cause will be still required fades away.
ground whatever is required for removals j none
is implied save that alone which every Sena-
tor who, like the Senator from Indiana and
myself, have faith in the incoming President,
believe he will himself require as the founda-
tion of his action.
But the Senator says the President isi to
make report to the Senate w.ithin twenty days.
Is he to do so in the sense conveyed by the
Senator's mode of putting it? Not as I under-
stand the bill. What is the President to do?
Bear in mind, Mr. President, the Constitutioa
requires him in any event, without any statute
on the subject, to send to the next session of
Congress the name of every person he pro:
poses as. the successor of ati officer removed.
Unless he does so, by operation of the Consti-
tution the commission falls. So much, there-
fore, at least he must do. What does the.pro-
posed act require? That the President shall
send to the Senate " the name of the person
so designated." That is all; simply the fact
of suspension with the name of the person so
designated ; not even a, statement that in his
Opinion the public good was promoted by the
removal, but simply the name of the person
he has desigoated to perform the duties 
Mr. MOHTON. "Temporarily" 
Mr. C0NKL1NG-. And the fact that he
has suspended the other person. I will come
in a moment to consider the effect and result,
if my honorable friend from lndiaua will be
patient. We shall see exactly how it will be,
as far as I understand it. . So far, then, all
who look even in passing at the proposed sec-
tion must agree that nothing whatever is im-
posed upon the President. Oil the contrary,
it is all mere method and name; mere fowl
of statement. The distinction is between ac-
! complishing a result and at (he same time
| abandoning—I might say ostentatiously abau-
! doning—the interpretation of the Constitution
j struggled for in thelastextremeby the majority
| in this Chamber, and accomplishing the same
I result without any such abandonment. The
I distinction is between casting consistency and
I solemn, recorded declarations to the winds, and
accomplishing the purpose with the same meas-
ure of convenience and yet preserving consist-
ency and self-respect, if indeed nothing more.
The honorable Senator reminds me that the
person is to be designated '• temporarily.''
What does that mean ? The Constitution says
that he who follows iuto office one removed
from office during the vacation of the Senate,
nay, even he who is installed m an office stand-
ing vacant during the recess of the Senate, is
ouly temporarily designated cr appointed un-
less the Senate during its very next session
confirms his appointment. Thus again the
Senator catches at something hardly more^t ban
phraseology in its practical effect. The Pres-
ident, of his own motion, for reasons which be
is not bound to disclose to anybody, dsierra
