238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. [March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Bights of Loyal Citizens of Alabaman-Mr. Haughey. 40th Cong—3b Sess.
the faith of non-interference by the Federal
Government.
Who does not know that the charter of rail-
roads through the States without their consent
would be followed by subsidies? The same
arrangements now used by corporations to
seize upon the public lands will be used-to ob-
tain subsidies for railroads through the States.
A future Congress will be told, as the CoDgress
now is told, that the construction of the road
will save in transportation of military supplies,
or will add to the revenues by increasing the
taxable property tenfold the amount of the
subsidy; that this great saving to the Govern-
ment, this great increase of the Government
revenue cannot be effected without Govern-
ment aid; and untold millions will be wrung
from the sweat and toil of the people to enrich
the stock-jobbers under the plea that the roads
are of a national character. This bill is but
the entering wedge of a system of public plun-
der. Nor will Congress resist the plunderers
more than they now resist the plunderers of
the public domain. But a few days since the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Hon. Elihu B. Washburne] proclaimed in
his place on the floor of this House:
" It is not an over-estimate to say that the value
of public lands voted away by Congress in the last
eighteen years has not been less than 8500,000,000"—
and asked the attention of the House to the
quantity reported by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, who says:
"It is of empire extent; in aggregate more than
five million acres—the entire area of the six New
England States added to the surface of New York,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Delaware, Maryland, and Vir-
ginia."
These are the lands, sufficient in area to form
six large States; these lands, the common in-
heritance of the American people as homes for
their children, are given to soulless corpora-
tions.
Now, a new placer will be opened by the
operation of this new system, and the work of
corruption and plunder will be complete. From
year to year these public robbers will besiege
the Halls of Congress; will gather like the
locusts of Egypt, attracted by the scent of
public plunder, and held together by its cohe-
sive power; they will come with lies on their
lips and bribes in their hands to control mem-
bers of future Congresses elected by their in-
fluence, and ready for gold to barter away the
honor and the money of their country. Then
you will have "a ring" to control legislation
in comparison with which the "whisky ring"
shrinks into insignificance.
Mr. Speaker, you could not devise a system
better calculated to corrupt legislation, plunder
the people, and destroy the Union of the States
than the system you would inaugurate by this
bill. You array the interest of one citizen
against another; you excite hostility between
the States and General Government; you offer
a premium to the unprincipled stock-jobber
and stimulate his greed by transferring to his
pockets the honest earnings of honest men
through legislative charters, and you throw
around this act the mantle of public virtue by
lulling him that it is patriotic thus to aid the
military, postal, and commercial interests of
the country. Undermine the foundations of
public virtue and this fair fabric of human
liberty sooner or later will fall in irredeemable
ruins. No republic ever was or ever will be
permanent unless sustained by public virtue.
We have every evidence that a fearful work of
demoralization is progressing with fearful
strides among our people. That demoralization
must cease or the days of the Republic will
Boon be numbered, and the patriot of future
times, while lamenting the fall of " the Great
Republic, " will see what every patriot should
now see, that " honesty is the best policy " for
nations as well as individuals.
. There are doubtless many members who
favor bills of this character because they sup-
pose it will advance their darling project of a
'* strong Government " to have a "Govern-
ment with the strength of a monarchy under
the forms of a republic," and they entertain
the delusive idea that this can be effected by a
centralization of all power in the Federal Gov-
ernment at the expense of the reserved rights
of the States. When will gentlemen learn that
in the means used to attain this the Govern-
ment is weakened, not strengthened ? When
will gentlemen learn that the true strength of
a republic lies in the respect and love of her
people; in the justice and impartiality of her
laws; but, above all, in the promotion of
public virtue? Whatever tends to promote
sectional strife, promote corruption or avarice,
the interest of the few at the expense of the
many, will make the Government weak indeed.
Destroy in any way the beautiful equilibrium,
the harmonious workings of our State and
national governments, and you hasten the
destruction of both; every interference in the
reserved rights of the States or business of the
people, every scheme of public plunder, will
weaken the attachment of the people to the
Union. They will then begin to calculate its
value, and when by your acts you lead them
to believe that the Union is an instrument of
plunder or oppression, then the end will come.
You talk about a " strong government."
When this system is fully inaugurated it will
inaugurate a power behind the throne greater
than the throne itself. Was not the Govern-
ment strong enough to marshal and equip
armies greater than the world ever saw? Was
it not strong enough to crush a rebellion which
in numbers and arms had no parallel in his-
tory? Was it not strong enough to imprison
men and women by thousands in its bastiles
without charge and without trial? Was it not
strong enough to keep States out of the Union
and place their people under the laws of the
bayonet until they altered their fundamental
law according to its behests? What greater
strength could you give it except to change it
into an imperial government with imperial
power?
Mr. Speaker, I feel it my duty to defend
the rights of my State, trampled upon by this
bill. While I maintain the just powers of the
Federal Government, I believe this duty im-
posed upon me by my oath before high heaven
m the presence of the members of this House.
I should feel by voting for this bill that I would
violate the Constitution and aid a system which
eventually would result in a conflict of interest
or of power between the national Government
and the States; that I would be attempting "to
do in the forum what the rebels failed to do in
the field." With these views, should I vote for
this bill, I should feel that I would be recreant
to my State, my country, and my God.
Bights of Loyal Citizens of Alabama.
REMARKS OF HON. T. HAUGHEY,
OF ALABAMA,
In the Hocse op Representatives,
March 2, 1869,
On the resolution restricting the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims and providing for the payment of
quartermaster's stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States, and that
it be so extended as to include the loyal citizens
of Alabama.
Mr. HAUGHEY. Mr. Speaker, on the24th
of last July I introduced the following joint
resolution :
, &c-\ Tbat the benefits of the act of July
4, 1864, restricting the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims and providing for the payment of quarter-
master s stores and subsistence supplies furnished to
the Army of the United States be so extended as to
include the loyal citizens of Alabama.
The committee to which this resolution was
referred has been carefully examining the sub-
ject, and will report unanimously in favor of
its adoption so soon as the floor of the House
can be obtained by the committee to make
such report.
Relief is sought in this resolution for such
loyal citizens of Alabama as furni&hed to the
Army of the United States quartermaster's
stores and subsistence supplies for which they
have received no compensation. The class of
men for whom relief is sought are those whose
sufferings and sacrifices and whose persecu-
tions during and since the war entitle them to
the favorable consideration of Congress. They
are those who opposed secession, opposed re-
bellion, and never did any act which could be
construed as giving voluntary aid to the ene-
mies of the Government. They are generally
men of moderate or limited means, small farm-
ers whose horses, mules, cattle, corn, and hogs
constituted nearly all their wealth. Very few
of them had any interest present or prospective
in slaves or slavery. Though impoverished in
many instances by the Union forces they never
faltered in their love and attachment to the
Government. Thousands of them rather than
submit to rebel tyranny and despotism left their
homes, their wives, children, and all that life
holds dear and took refuse within the Union
lines and there remained until the close of the
war. While many of these brave men were
fighting in the ranks of the Union Army and
exposing themselves to all the dangers, pri-
vations, and hardships incident to camp life
their families at home were stripped of all their
means of support by that very Army which
should have been their shield of protection.
For reasons satisfactory to Congre&s the
claims of these men have hitherto been ignored.
Though the justice of the claims and the loyalty
of the claimants can be established by the
highest and most positive evidence, and though
nearly four years have elapsed since the claims
originated, they have thus far failed to be recog-
nized and still remain unsettled. The tendency
of legislation in regard to such claims is to
increase rather than diminish the difficulties
attending their adjustment.
According to existing laws it is of no avail
that a claimant from a southern State can prove
by demonstrative evidence that he never vol-
untarily aided the rebellion. He may even
prove by incontrovertible evidence that he not
only gave no aid to the rebellion, but that he
had served in the United States Army during
the whole period of the war and aided to the
full extent of his ability in suppressing the
rebellion ; yet from the simple fact that his
property was taken by the United States forces
in one of the States declared to be in rebellion
the payment of his claim is prohibited by the
acts of July, 1861, and that of February, 1867.
Even the widows and orphans of Federal sol-
diers may establish the fact that they have
been impoverished and brought to misery and
want by the Union Army, and yet because
they were residents of the South no compensa-
tion for their losses is permitted.
The law of July 4, 1864, and that of Febru-
ary, 1867, prohibits the settlement of all claims
originating during the war in any of the rebel-
lious States, Tennessee and West Virginia
excepted. They declare in effect that the loyal
citizens of these States are not, according to
the Constitution of the United States, entitled
to all the privileges and immunities of citizens
of the several States, nor are they entitled to
just compensation for their private property
that had been taken for public use. The mere
residence or domicile of loyal citizens during
the war in any of these States is regarded as
prima facie evidence of disloyalty, and is con-
sidered a sufficient reason to deprive them of
their inherent and inalienable rights guaran-
tied to them by the Constitution of the United
States.
The object of the joint resolution now under
consideration is to extend the benefits of the
law of July 4, 1864, to the loyal citizens of
Alabama, the law of February, 1867, to the
