1869.]
40th Coxg....3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
Tariff Bill—Mr. Miller.
Ho. of Reps.
contrary notwithstanding. All that is sought in
the resolution is that the loyal citizens of Ala-
bama shall be placed upon an equal footing
with loyal citizens of these States that are not
excluded from the benefits of the law of 1864.
Alabama is no longer a rebellious State. Her
legitimate and practical relations with the
Union are now fully restored. A large major-
ity of her people are loyal to the Government.
They prefer the Government of the United
States to every other Government, and in case
of need an overwhelming majority of her fight-
ing men would defend the Government against
all other Governments on earth. A large ma-
jority of the Legislature and of the State and
county officers are loyal, and always have been
loyal. Her constitution and laws guaranty
equal rights and privileges to all. They are
preeminentlyliberaland in entire harmony with
Republican principles and with the enlightened
and progressive spirit of the age. Alabama,
then, being a State iuthe Union and of the
Union, it is sincerely believed that if the bene-
fits of the law of July 4, 1804, were extended
to the loyal citizens of Alabama that law would
be as safely and as guardedly administered as
in any other State of the Union.
The loyal citizens of Alabama have a war
history very similar in many respects to that
of loyal citizens in Tennessee, to whom claims
originating during ihe war in that State are
now authorized to be paid. Like the loyal
citizens of Tennessee those of Alabama re-
sisted secession and rebellion to the full extent
of their ability. When resistance was found
to be hopeless they yielded a reluctant acqui-
escence to a fate which they were powerless
to avert. Like the Tennessee loyalists, thou-
sands of the Union men of Alabama lay hid-
den in caves and mountain gorges, and deep
ravines, awaiting their chances to escape to
the Federal lines. Many thus situated were
captured by rebel bloodhounds, and if not
instantly shot they were carried in chains
to loathsome rebel dungeons and allowed to
linger and die from bad treatment, or to be
•aken from their prison cells by vigilance com-
mittees and either shot or hung for no other
crime than that of Unionism.
Likethe Unionists of EastTennessee a large
number of the able-bodied Unionists in North
Alabama enlisted in the Union Army and
fought with it until the end of the war. Though
the Tennessee Federal soldiers largely out-
numbered those from Alabama this disparity
in numbers is due to the greater difficulties to
be overcome by the latter in reaching the Fed-
eral lines. It i  fair to presume that the love
of the Union was equally intense in the east-
ern counties of Tennessee and the northern
counties of Alabama, and that the difference
in the manifestation of that love was solely
due to the difference in the geographical posi-
tion of these two Switzerland® of America. All
the arguments, then, which have heretofore
been urged in favor of the payment of loyal
claimants in Tennessee apply with equal force
to the payment of loyal claimants in Alabama.
To deny these men the small pittance which
some of thein claim for property taken by the
Union Army upon the simple plea that these
men were citizens of a rebellious State during
the war does not comport with that justice and
magnanimity which have hitherto been char-
acteristic features in the conduct of the Gov-
ernment toward Us loyal citizens. It was not
the fault but the misfortune that they were
citizens of these States during the war. Nor
was it their fault, but their great misfortune,
that their homes had been made the chosen
battle-ground of a causeless and wicked rebel-
lion. Moreover, it was not their fault but
their exceedingly great calamity that the United
States Government failed to extend its pro-
tecting at w to itn loyal citizens in these States,
and save them fulling into the meshes of a rebel
despotism. If there is any culpability in re-
siding under a rebel despotism during the war
the Government cannot be held blameless in
permitting that rebel despotism to exist.
Allegiance and protection are reciprocal and
correlative obligations between the Govern-
ment and the citizen. The citizen owes allegi-
ance to the Government and the Government
owes him protection. If the citizen refuses to
obey the behests of the Government and mani-
fests a desire to overthrow or attempts to over-
throw it he is a traitor and forfeits his claim
upon the Government for protection. And on
the other hand, if the Government is unwilling,
unable, or fails from any cause to protect the
citizen the allegiance which the latter owes to
the Government is absolved. A Government
which is unable or fails from any cause to pro-
tect its citizens can justly have no claims upon
the latter for allegiance.
At the commencement of the war a majority
of the people in the southern States revolted
against their lawful Government, and organ-
ized in its stead a revolutionary one. A minor-
ity of the citizens of those States opposed the
revolution and adhered to the lawful Govern-
ment until they were overpowered by the rev-
olutionists. The rightful Government, how-
ever, for four long years failed to protect the
minority, and suffered it to be ruled and con-
trolled by the revolutionary government. The
citizens composing this minority were at all
times anxiously desirous of resuming their
allegiance, but during the whole of this gloomy
period the protecting arm of the Government
was too short to reach them. Finally, however,
when the Government did succeed in conquer-
ing this revolutionary majority, and resumed
its sway over the rebellious States, the citizens
of the minority with joy and exultation re-
sumed that allegiance which they for four years
had held in abeyance, but had never absolutely
relinquished.
Under such circumstances these Union citi-
zens composing the minority had no right to
expect that the Government in resuming its
rightful authority over those States and in es-
tablishing rules and regulations for the pay-
ment of claims growing out of the rebellion
would impose upon them the same disabilities
as are imposed upon the revolutionary majority.
By existing laws there is no distinction made
in those States between the innocent and the
guilty, between those who tried to destroy and
those who tried to save the Government. The
rebel assassin is classed with the Union man
who was the victim of his assassination. The
persecuted Union man is entitled to no more
consideration than his rebel persecutors. No
distinction is made between claims for supplies
furnished to the rebel forces and those for sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States. All are reduced to a common level by
the laws of July 4, 1864, and that of February,
1S67. ...
In view of the long-suffering privations and
persecutions to which the loyal citizens of
Alabama have been subjected it would almost
appear to be a work of supererogation to ask
Congress for such a recognition of the justice
of their claims as has been granted to the loyal
claimants of Tennessee apd Vt est \ irginia.
Four fifths of the loyal claimants in Alabama
are small farmers of moderate or limited
means. Their claims are generally small,
but though nail they are just and very much
needed. Tcey are small when compared with
the ability of the Government to pay, but large
when compared with the ability Ot the claim-
ants to lose their claims. Their property that
was taken for the use of the Army was such in
many cases as was indispensable for the sup-
port of their families. In many cases their
horses, mules, cattle, corn, and liogs were all
taken, and thus their only means of making a
support were entirely taken away. Lvbii the
families of Federal soldiers who wen; at the
time lighting the battles of the Union were thus
stripped and left dependent upon the charity
of their more fortunate rebel neighbors.
In the latter part of March and beginning of
April, 1865, United States troops under the
command of General Wilson marched through
the very heart of Alabama, from the Tennes-
see river on the north to the Alabama river on
the south. They lived on the country through
which they passed, giving no receipts or vouch-
ers for any of the property taken or used by
the Army. The Union people were generally
the greatest sufferers because they would not
conceal their property, while the rebels when-
ever they had timely warning would usually
carry off their property to remote and secluded
localities and conceal it on the approach of the
Army. All that these Union men want is
simple, even-handed justice. They have com-
mitted no crime, they have forfeited no rights,
they firmly adhered to the Government so far
as adherence was practicable through good and
evil report. They were the friends of the Gov-
ernment before the war and during the war,
and are the friends of the Government to-day;
aud if need be would fight in its defense.
This joint resolution is no party measure,
nor is it to be considered in the light of policy
or expediency merely. It is a measure which
addresses itself to the justice and magnanimity
and liberality of Congress. The reasons which
induced Congress to extend the benefits of the
laws of July 4, 1864, to the States of Tennes-
see and West Virginia are equally forcible in
the case of Alabama. The provisions of the
law have been justly and wisely extended to
those States without any important losses or
any serious detriment to the interests of the
Government. It is believed that the aggregate
amount of claims in Alabama is considerably
less than in Tennessee, and that the payment
of fraudulent claims can be guarded against with
as much facility and efficiency in the former
Stale as in the latter.
Congress has hitherto responded very favor-
ably and promptly to the appeals of the loyal
citizens of Alabama in matters of political
reconstruction. For this the loyal citizens of
that State are profoundly grateful. A few of
them again appeal to Congress for some degree
of financial reconstruction. Their property
has been taken and used by the United States
Army. They appeal to Congress for compen-
sation. It is confidently hoped and believed
that this last appeal will be met with the same
promptness and with the same spirit of liber-
ality that characterized the responses io their
former appeals. The sectional and discrimi-
nating features of the law being removed the
long-neglected and down-trodden Unionists of
the South will tlius have cause to rejoice that
their sufferings and sacrifices in behalf of an
imperiled Union have not been in vain ; that,
tlieir faith and confidence in the justice and
beneficence of the Government have not been
misplaced. They will thus have fully realized
that this great Government of the peop^a, for
the people and by the people, knowsno North,
no South, no East, no West, but that the rights,
interests, and welfare of all sections are equally
favored and equally protected.
Tariff Bill.
REMARKS OF HON. G. F. MILLER,
01' PENNSYLVANIA,
i\ the House of Representatives.
March 2, 1s69,
The House of Representatives, in Committee of the
Whole, having under consideration House bill
Ko. 1310, entitled "a bill to increase the revenuo
from duties and imports, and tending to equalize
exports and imports."
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Chairman, the object
of the bill under consideration is, as the title
properly states, "to increase the revenue from
duties and imports, and tending to equalize
exports and imports." This bill, itis true, does
not go to the extent that the friends of the tariff
