240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Death of Hon. James Mann—Mr. Blackburn.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
would desire, but it is one step in the right
direction. The friends of protection did all
in their power to have a judicious tariff bill
passed in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, but were
thwarted by the enemies of the measure. The
object of the bill is the protection of American
industry, and unless we build up and nurture
manufactures, develop our mineral resources,
and encourage labor, the laborers of this coun-
try will be reduced to the same condition as
the oppressed of Europe.
We, the friends of the tariff, do not want, as
intimated on a former occasion by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] a prohibitory
tariff, but we want it sufficient to protect Ameri-
can manufactories and labor, and at the same
time produce a fair revenue. I am aware that
it is the cry of free traders and of presses, (and
I am sorry to say some American presses at
that,) that it is the object of protectionists to
have a tariff so high as to be prohibitory, and
consequently abuse is poured out upon any
man that has the independence to stand up in
defense of American labor; and I wish it
understood, Mr. Chairman, that we Pennsyl-
vanians are not captious upon the subject.
We want a fair protection to all interests of
these United States, and will maintain that
view irrespective of abuse from any quarter.
I am sorry that so many members of this House
representing the enterprising West should
have been induced to imbibe the free-trade
doctrine, which I hold is at variance with the
interest and welfare of this country. They
seem to have forgotten the doctrine promul-
gated by that mighty champion of the West,
the gallant Henry.Clay, who stood up on all
occasions l'or protection of American industry,
and whose name will be revered by the masses
of the American people down to the latest
generation.
Why, Mr. Chairman, if our friends in the
West, Illinois for instance, would turn their
attention to building up manufactories they
could soon compete with the New England
States, and would find in their own State a ready
market for at least a large proportion of their
agricultural products. Dr. Benjamin Frank-
lin, writing in London on the 22d of April,
1771, to Humphrey Marshal!, says:
" Every manufacturer encouraged in our country
makes part of a market for provision within our-
selves and saves so much money to the country as must
otherwise be exported to pay for the manufactures
he supplies. Here in England it is well known and
understood that wherever a manufactory is estab-
lished in which is employed a number of hands it
raises the value of lands in the neighboring country
all around it, partly by the greater demand near at
hand for the produce of the land and partly from the
plenty of money drawn by the manufacturers to that
part of the country. It seems, therefore, the interest
of all our farmers and owners of lands to encouragc
our young manufactures in preference to foreign
ones imported among us from distant countries."
Thus it will be seen that the opinion ex-
pressed by that far-seeing philosopher at such
an early period, if carried out at the present
day will make these United States the most
prosperous country in the world; and yet we
hear Representatives on this floor advocating
" free trade," which is nothing more nor less
than favoring foreign manufactures and pros-
trating our own, and discriminating against all
the great industrial interests of the country,
and a strike at the laboring man. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] and the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] seem to
be ardent admirers and advocates of what I
deem anti-American doctrine. The latter gen-
tleman, who is a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, on all occasions opposes the
protective policy, and if I am not mistaken, he
will in a few years regret the course taken.
Pennsylvania long since has taken a firm stand
ar!d will support no man who discriminates
against American industry. We find that in
1868 after absorbing $82,000,000 in gold there
was left upon us a debt of no less than
$200j000?000 which was settled by transferring
$280,000,000 in bonds to foreign countries j and
with this I would refer to the statistics read by
the honorable gentleman [Mr. Moorhead]
who has charge of this bill. The aspect pre-
sented, Mr. Chairman, is alarming, and unless
something is done to check the enormous im-
portations I fear our country will eventually be
brought to a pecarious condition,
Mr. Chairman, I have a word to say about
another system adopted which ought to be done
away with, and that is what is denominated the
warehouse system. It allows a large influx of
foreign goods without payment of duty thereon.
The onlytrue mode, in my opinion, is to abolish
that system entirely, and require the duty on all
foreign commodities to be paid when they are
landed on our shore. This would be a pre-
ventive of immense frauds and greatly increase
the revenue to the Government.
As the time allotted for the discussion of
this bill is short I cannot go fully into the sub-
ject of the tariff, but can only make a few cur-
sory remarks. This last session of the For-
tieth Congress is now rapidly drawing to a close,
and I regret that we will not have time to take
any decisive action on this important subject.
I will, however, refer specially to one item of
imports that if adequate protection were afforded
could be manufactured in our own country, and
that is linen cloth. In 1866 England exported
to the United States 119,343,207 yards of linen
cloth, valued at £3,680,000 sterling, and for
which the wholesale merchants of America paid
at least $40,000,000 in currency.
Let me say, Mr. Chairman, in conclusion,
that the thanks of this nation are due to the
gentleman from the Pittsburg district [Mr.
Moorhead] for the industry and perseverance
he manifested in having this tariff bill brought
before this House; and it is unfortunate for the
country that in a few days it will be deprived
of his valuable services on this floor.
Death of lion. James Mann.
EULOGY OF HON. W. J. BLACKBURN,
of louisiana,
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1869,
On the death of Hon. James Mann, member from the
second congressional district of Louisiana.
Mr. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I ask
the indulgence of the House while I perform
a sad duty. It falls upon me to announce the
death of Hon. James Mask, who took his seat
as a member of this House from the second
congressional district of Louisiana on the 18th
of July last, and died in the city of New Or-
leans on the 13th day of September following.
I had expected that the various contests for the
seal which he so nobly filled for only a few
days would not have been permitted to prevent
the formal announcement of his death at the
proper time. I was, therefore, rather surprised
to find on my arrival here about a month ago—
having been detained at my home by severe
illness until that time—I was rather surprised,
I say, to find that no announcement had been
made of his untimely and much deplored death.
It would be a shame, sir, if not a disgrace,
were such announcement to fail to be made by
some one of his colleagues. Hence I hesitate
not to attempt the performance of the painful
but imperative duty.
It was not my good fortune, Mr. Speaker, to
know the deceased member for any length of
time; but daring the brief period in which I
had the honor of his acquaintance, I think I
may say I became to know him well and inti-
mately ; for he was of that mold of manhood
which has nothing hidden, and of that gener-
osity of soul which could conceal not even an
impulse of a large and open heart.
Of the early life of James Mam I know
absolutely nothing. I believe he was a native
of Maine, and served-in the legislative coun-
cils of that State prior to the late deplorable
war in this country. During that war he is
known to have served bravely and gallantly as
a soldier in the cause of the Union and of lib-
erty. I know not the-extent of his public ser-
vices as a civilian, nor the various phases and
ranks in his military career. I only know that
at the close of the war he settled in the city of
New Orleans, where he was known only to
be loved. It was there that I first became ac-
quainted with him, soon after his election to a
seat on this floor ; for this House has decided
that he was so elected, and as his personal friend
and admirer I am perfectly satisfied with that
decision.
Sir, in passing a few words of eulogy on the
memory of my deceased friend, I amglad to find
that no great degree of eloquence or of genius
is needed. I need not, if I could, indulge in
any such strain as that exhibited over the dead
body of Cassar. My subject being more pure
and simple, the words and the figure of speech
want no such embellishment.
To be a man in the true and natural sense,
is the legitimate summit and fullness of all
earthly greatness, and honor, and glory. To be
able to stand forth before the world and bid
defiance to its scrutiny and its criticism, and
remain unscathed and without a blush, is the
fulfillment of all that God could ever require
or expect in this life of any of his creatures.
Of such a character and type of being, so far
as my knowledge and acquaintance extend,
was my deceased friend and honored colleague.
And 1 speak this not as a mere formal compli-
ment, for with me on such occasions, the poor,
common words of courtesy are only a mock-
ery ; but I speak what I say as coming from
the heart, and as meaning something.
Jamks Mann was elected by a party with
which I had no sympathy, and came up here
and took his seat with political sentiments dif-
ferent from those entertained by myself. But
our intercourse was none the less cordial and
pleasant, and only tended to exemplify the
beauty and wisdom of our system of govern-
ment—a system of government which we may
hope and pray shall prove immortal. To dif-
fer politically is not only the right but the duty
of freemen ; but to allow this difference to run
into personal hates and proscriptions and per-
secutions, is both hateful and criminal. The
gentleman on whose death I speak had a soul
too large and a heart too noble for this. Being
honest himself he accorded honesty of purpose
to those who differed from him, and loved them
none the less socially and personally. Ah! if
this could with truth be said of every Ameri-
can citizen, how much more harmonious and
judicious would be our legislative deliberations,
and how much more happy our homes and
pleasant our social intercourse! Neither a
great mind nor a generous soul ever persecutes
for opinion's sake. James Mann was never
accused of such folly and wickedness.
Well and vividly do I remember our last
interview. It was on one of those lovely nights
known only to the clime of my nativity and
of his adoption. It was in the city of New
Orleans, but a short time before his much
lamented death. He embraced me cordially,
and with the fervor and warmth of a long-absent
brother. We walked to Canal street and
ascended to a balcony where we could witness
in safety a torchlight Democratic procession.
I reminded him that the procession contained
many prominent Confederates whom he had
assisted in compelling to lay down their arms
and acknowledge as supreme the cause of the
Union. I was pleased to notice in him a lively
love and even enthusiasm for the cause for
which he had so bravely fought; and equally
well pleased was I to notice in him no lurking
feeling of hatred or jealousy toward those
against whom he had fought—-my personal
friends and fellow-citizens. For all this 1 loved
him the more; for thus I thought he did but
display the more aptly the true type of the
