1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 20,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Wiien the President of
the United States has the power to remove at
pleasure and to appoint at pleasure it does
not iavolve the character of the individual
because the President prefers another officer
to aid him in the execution of certain execu-
tive duties.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That my friend said
before. What X asked was, what did it involve,
instead of what it did not involve.
-Mr. DOOLTlTLE. Take, for instance, the
Cabinet of the President. We may as well
illustrate by that as anything else. Mr. Lin-
coln bad bis Cabinet. Mr. Johnson, as Pres-
ide,nt of the .United States, has had bis. Now
General Grant is about to take the responsibil-
ities of the Government; and if General Grant
desires to gather other men around him as his
Cabinet officers, to aid him in the discharge
of the great responsibilities which are soon to
come upon bim, it is reason enough for me to
vote for the removal of this Cabinet, and the
appointment of another simply because be
desires it, because it is his pleasure .to do so.
The same thing might be said of the collector
of customs in the city of New York, or any
office which collects large amounts of revenue,
for whiijb the President certainly is to be held
responsible by the people. It is reason enough,
if & desires or has more confidence in another
person than the one who holds the present
offices, that l>e should make the appointment.
Mr. EDMONDS. May I ask my friend,
because I do not wish to misunderstand bim,
whether he means to say that he should feel it
to be bis duty, as a rule of action, to vote for
any person for a Cabinet officer who might be
nominated at any time by the President
merely because it was tho pleasure of the
President that that person should be the offi-
cer?
Mr. DOGL1TTLE. I do not say that an
extreme case could not be put wherein I should
feel constrained to vote against the conlirma-
tion even of a Cabinet officer; but tb© power
which the Senate would there exercise is a
mere negative power. Possibly, though I
think it is next to impossible, a man might be
nominated by the President as a Cabinet offi-
cer of such notoriously infamous character,
who bad been guilty of some crime or of some
oueuso, that 1 should not i'ecl at liberty to
vote for his confirmation, but should be con-
strained to- voto against it. I insist that tho
oeuate should hold on to its negative power
in reference to tho confirmation of ollicPrs;
aud yet in reference to the choice of a Cabi-
net 1 should feel that nothing but tho imperious
necessity of the case could compel mo to voto
against a nomination made by a President of a
Cabinet officer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why should not that
same rule apply to all other officers 1 Ought
you, not to vote lor every other officer unless
you have good reason to vote against him?
Mr. DOOLlf 1LE. I admit that good rea-
sons would justify me for voting against the
confirmation of auy other officer, but I should
tequii e, I think, stronger reasons to vote against
a Cabinet officer, where the President selects a
man to be one of his confidential advisers, than
to vote against other oflicers. That, 1 state
trankiy to the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont. is the view which would control my
action. But I think when the great responsi-
bility of the executive department is put upon
the President, the success of his administra-
tion in the collection of the revenue, that the
l resident, il be has more confidence personally
in another person than in the incumbent of a
given office, ought to have the power of re-
moval aud appointment. Although the Presi-
dent may abuse the power and may remove
officers merely for political opinion and for
nothing else, yet I think it is better for the
public service, and it will be a less evil to the
country to allow the President to exercise that
power of removal unrestrained by the action
ot the Senate, and let the Senate exercise its
negative power when the question comes to
confirmation; and then I would not, unless
there were good reasons for it, vote against the
confirmation of the nominee of the President.
I beli,eve that is the rule which has usually
controlled the action of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire whether
the limitations of the power of removal without
any qualification is not also a negative power
just as much as a negative on appointments?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Where au officer holds
an office, and the President to remove him
must come to the Senate and state that he sus-
pends him from the office and proposes that he
be removed, and must state bis reasons to the
Senate, you there call upon the President to
appear before the Senate as a prosecutor against
the holder of the office, aud you have to come
lo a trial in the Senate; but it is different, in
my judgment, as to this exercise of the other
power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, thatwas not the question I put to him. I
was puttiug a question that was germane to his
general constitutional argument as to the high
importance of preserving the negative power
of the Senate over appointments. My ques
tion was, under that same constitutional theory,
independent of any special law, whether the
negation on the power of removal is not also a
negative power, and why it ought not to exist
under the Constitution just as much as the
negation on appointments?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have stated generally
the reason why in my opinion it ought not to
exist. | thjnk that the power to remove at
pleasure was reallyintcndod to be given to the
President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question of
construction.
Mr. DOOLILTLE. I admit it has been a
debatable questiou from the beginning of the
Government; but tho construction has been
froin tho beginning, until lately, the other way ;
that is to say, that it was in the power of the
President to make the removal, and that the
action of the Senate was confined to its nega-
tive action in consenting to the nomination or
to the appointment. As I stated in the begin-
ning, it was not my purpose to discuss this sub-
ject at length, but rather to state my opinions,
and, in as brief a manner as possible, to state
some ot the reasons why I entertained them.
I shall vote fb.r the repeal of the law.
Mr. DIXON". I was somewhat surprised,
Mr. President, when the Senator from New
York opened that more than Ciceronian in-
vective against Andrew Johnson. I supposed
the day was past for attacks of a political char-
acter calculated to produce political influence
aud effect upon him. I am in the habit of
being very much influenced by what that Sen-
ator says, and as ho went on with his invect-
ives I began almost to believe that it was really
true that the President of the United States
had for political purposes made all the remov-
als which ho stated ; that he had deserted his
principles and his party ; and it was not until
the Senator alluded to the fact that he came
into his place by assassination that I began to
doubt somewhat whether I ought to follow the
Senator much longer. This charge is often
made. _ I have heard it made in political meet-
ings with considerable effect. 1 believe this is
the first time it has ever been made in the Sen-
ate. Suppose it to be true that the President
of the United States did come into his place
by the assassination of his predecessor, does
the Senator mean to say that he is responsible
for that? Is there any more responsibility,
any more guilt, upon Andrew Johnson on that
account than upon any one of us? The con-
sequences of that assassination were not tram-
meled up. He is not the only officer of this
Government who came into his place by assas-
sination. How came the respected and hon-
ored Piesident of this Senate in the seat which
be now occupies except by assassination?
But for the assassination of Abraham Lin-
coln, you, sir, would have been an honored
and respected Senator in your chair in this
body instead of acting Vice President of the
United Suites. Suppose I should say here
you came into your place by assassination and
bring it as s charge against you and -attempt
to excite a prejudice against the occupant. of
the chair of this body because be c?ime into
his place by assassination.. I think the honor-
able Senator must see that intimations of this
kind are hardly worthy 0f his high position
and the place, in which they wore spoken.
Mr.- CONKLING. If the Senator will ^llow
me, I made no such observation as be alludes
to in the sense or direction which he implies.
I was commenting upon the faet that this polit-
ical persecution and debauchery was carried
on against Republicans by a man whom the
Republicans had placed so near the Presidency
that assassination made him President.
Mr. DIXON. I accept that explanation with
pleasure. I know that mv-honorable friend did
not intend, himself being the sole authority, to
make an allusion of |his kind with any other
intention than that which he has explained. I
was stating why I was le,d to doubt whether hi?
statements and arguments were exactly correct,
and whether 1 ought to be carried away by the
torrent of his eloquence. I was checked upon
this point. I do not propose to make any party
allusions upon this occasion; but I think 1
ought to allude to some of the remarks which
that Senator made when be spoke of the cause
and the origin of this bill, it having been forced
upon the country by the perfidy and the falsehood
of the President. I think the Senator will admit
that that certainly was the drift of his argu-
ment. I shall spend but a single moment upon?
that point.
1 beg leave, in the first place, to allude to
the historical fact that President Johnson came
into his place and occupied his position and
proceeded with the administration of this Gov-
ernment upon the avowed, acknowledged policy
of Abraham Lincoln, as is proved by the testi-
mony of Ldwin M. Stanton before an investi-
gating committee. It cannot be forgotten—
history records the fact—that three days before
the lamented death of the patriotic Lincoln he
himself, from the White House, avowed to ;s
meeting of American citizens this very policj'.
It is well known that Andrew Johnson intended
to carry out that policy. What did be do ? Did
he begin, as one who was a stranger to the facts
might, suppose from tile language of the dis-
tinguished Senator from New York, by pro-
scription,by desertion, by treachery? No,sir;
ho kept in the whole of that Cabinet. Not one
man of the Cabinet of Abraham Lincoln was
ever removed until, at a certain stage of the
controversy which arose between Congress and
the President, Edwin M. Stanton was attempted
to be removed. The honorable Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] resigned his position. A
distinguished member of the Cabinet from
Ohio, Mr. Dennison, resigned his position.
Mr. Stanton remained there three years.
At the beginning of the administration of
President Johnson he transmitted to Congress
his annual message—a message which was re-
ceived with as much approbation and com-
mendation as the message of any President
who ever occupied that position. A few days
after that he was called upon by a resolution
of the Senate to give his opinion with regard to
the southern States. He sent in a message on
that subject, accompanying it by a letter from
General Grant, in which he stated to the Sen-
ate in reply to that resolution what he supposed
to be the condition of the South as regarded
their preparation and readiness for reconstruc-
tion and readmission. I do not wish to recall
what took place on that occasion. My honor-
able friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer,}
with that foresight which has always marked
bim in furnishing positions and principles in-
advance, foresaw the controversy that was to-
arise ; he saw, as nobody else did, the fight that
was to occur; he heard the distant muttering
of the thunder, and he rose here and declared
that Andrew Johnson was a •' whitewasher ;"
that he was whitewashing the South, meaning
by that language, of course, that he was at-
tempting to make black white, atte-rapt.ing to
cover enormities which actually existed hy a
