A
ESE CONGRESSIONAL GLQSE.
January 10,
two per cent., and would ,yield $27,143,680.
The fund realized by the cqmpany from these
two sources amounts to $5(3,647,680, being an
average per mile of $51,03-1, exceeding by
$16,056 68 the actual cost of conatructiug and
fully equipping the road, and yielding a profit
of mire than $17/750,000. _ And thus it will
be seen that this Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany will have, in-addition to its -empire
of public Jamd, a railroad eleven huadred a-nd
tan miles Jong, fully equipped, free oncost, and
a.surplas of $17,750,000 put into the pockets
,of its directors., WitH the amount of the people's
land voted to this company, with the amount
of the people's money voted to this company
sufficient to build the road, with the amount of
.$17,750,000 in addition, generously voted into
the already well-gorged pockets of its directors,
"the rates of fare and freight charged to the peo-
ple over this road, built by their money, and
$17j7o0.000 thrown in, are oppressive and ex-
tortionate. A joint resolution passed this House
at the last session, after a severe contest, limit-
ing these rates of fare and freight, but that
resolution now, I believe, "sleeps the sleep
that knows no waking" in the Senate; and it
further may be said that this company has not
made a road, as required by law; ' 'equal in all
respects to a fully completed first-class rail-
road;'' but, on the other hand, the commis-
sioners appointed by the Interior Department
last September to examine into the location,
construction, and equipment of the road have
reported that it will take $6,489,550 to make
it a first-class road.
As to subsidies in bonds, which Congress has
granted to railroads, the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, made on the 30th of
November, 1808, shows that bonds to the
amount of $44,337,000 had been issued to
various railroad companies:
Union Pacific, 820 miles  $£0,238,000
Central Pacific of California,-390 miies  14,76i,000
Union Pacific,, eastern division, 383 9425-
10000 miles  6,303,000
Sioux City and Pacific, 69J miles '.  1,112,000
.Western Pacific, 20 miles  320,000
Atchison and pike's Peak, / 100 ( 610,000
Central Branch, Union Pacific, t miles) 960,000
l,?93i miles, nearly  $11,337,000
What additional amount is yet to be issued
I liave no means at hand to determine.
With these remarks on the general subject I
now proceed to consider the bill b.efore us. It
is a bill with an innocent and harmless title,
"for a grant of land, granting the right of
way over the public lands to the Denver Pacific
Railway and Telegraph Company, and for other
purposes.^' In looking at the face of the bill
with this title we are confused and bewildered
.as to what it really means ; and it is only by
traveling somewhat out of the record we arrive
at its true scope and purpose. The Denver
Pacific Railway andTelegraph Company, which
is a company incorporated by the territorial
Legislature of Colorado^is authorized to con-
nect its road with the Union Pacific railroad
,at Cheyenne, and the Union Pacific railway,
eastern division, at Denver," &c. And here
is where the gazelle comes in: "and shall
have a uniform .gauge, rate of freight and
fare, and charge for hauling of cars, and the
privileges and immunities, except subsidy in
bonds, and be subject to the obligations of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company and its
branches, and to aid in its construction shall
have like grants of land, right of way, with
like conditions, limitations, and privileges."
Here is the absolute grant of land, right of
waf, &c., and who can tell the length of the
road and the amount of land that the grant will
cover? From the wording of this bill no
man except an expert can tell. I had" the bill
submitted to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and he reported that, ".assuming
the length of road at one hundred apd ten
miles, it is estimated that the grant will cover
not less than one million acres.. This estimate
excludes lands disposed of and allows for frac-
tional townships." There is therefore a mil-
lion acres of land granted away by the first
section of the bill.
And we now come to the second section,
which is disingenuous, dishonest, and intended
to_ deceive. It provides "that the Union Pa-
cific Eailroad Company, eastern division, may
mortgage that part of its road between the
point where its subsidy in bonds shall termi-
nate and Denver City, together with its rolling-
stock, to an amount not exceeding $32,000
per mile." We may try to understand that.
We.understand where that "point" is where
the subsidy in bonds terminates ; and then the
bill goes on to declare, not where the point
now is, but where it " shall be held and con-
strued under existing laws to be," to wit, "at
or near Cheyenne Wells, in Colorado, and not
further west than the meridian of said Wells."
Now, what is intended to be accomplished,
and what will be accomplished by this indirect
and extraordinary wording of this section ?
By fixing the "point" where the subsidy in
bonds shall terminate, at a point not further
west than the meridian of Cheyenne Wells,
gives an additional subsidy; and how many
miles, and how much subsidy per mile, $16,000
or $32,000, who can tell? Even at the lowest
rate, $16,000 per mile, and the distance at fifty-
two miles, it will be $832,000, and if it should
be construed that they will be entitled to
$32,000 per mile it will amount to $1,664,000.
This is assuming that it is to go in a direct
line to Cheyenne Wells. But it will be seen
that it is not confined to such direct line, for
the section provides that the point shall not
be "further west than the meridian of said
Wells." This language makes the bill dishon-
est, for the road may diverge from a straight
line, and go North or South, and increase the
distance very much without going beyond that
meridian, and thus enable the company to get
a subsidy for a much greater distance than the
straight line would give. If it were a perfectly
.honest and fair transaction why was it not
stated specifically in the bill for how many
miles the subsidy should be given and the rate
.per mile? What is the object of all this indi-
rectness and circumlocution if not intended
to deceive Congress ?
But laying aside this whole question of the
policy of granting lands and subsidies to rail-
roads, let us consider what claim the company
now before us seeking legislation has upon
Congress. It is the Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division, which is the successor of the
Leavenworth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad
Company, which was chartered by the Border-
Ruffian Legislature of Kansas Territory in
1855. Among leading corporators are William
H. Russell, of the Floyd-Thompson trust fund
defalcation notoriety of $870,000, and Judge
Lecompt, of the infamous "Lecompton con-
stitution" notoriety. The company had the
power to receive and hold donations of bonds
or lands to be given them by any State or the
United States. Knowing the immense value
of the trust lands of the Delaware tribe of In-
dians, through which the railroad was to pass,
the company procured "the making and ratifi-'
cation of an extraordinary treaty in 1860, by
which it was provided that the said company
should have the exclusive authority to pur-
chase such of their lands as were not reserved
and set apart for special objects at a valuation
not below the sum of $1 25 per acre. This
land was mostly rich timber bottoms, and worth
from ten to fifty dollars per acre. Being thus
chartered, and having obtained the extraordi-
nary privilege of purchasing the land under
the treaty, when in 1862 Congress acted upon
the subject of a Pacific railroad this Leaven-
worth aud Pawnee company had influence
enough to thrust the following section in the
bill to aid the construction of a railroad, ap-
proved July lr 1802. The ninth section of
that law provided:
"KiaUheieavenwortb, Pawnee and Western Rail-
road. Company ot Kansas are hereby authorized to
construct a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river, at the mouth of the Kansas river on
the south, side thereof, so as to connect with the Pa-
cific railroad of Missouri, to the aforesaid point, on
the one hundredth meridia.ii of, longitude west from
Greenwich, as herein provided, upon the rame terms
and conditions in all respects as are provided in tins
act for the construction of the railroad and telegraph
line first mentioned, and to meet and connect with
the same at the meridian of longitude aforesaid."
Thus it will be observed what was done by
one short section of the law for a private rail-
road corporation, chartered by a border-ruffian
Legislature. Granting to the said border-ruf-
fian company the same privileges, lands, and
bonds for a certain distance as were granted to
the company chartered by Congress, reserving
no rights to tlie United States, not even the
privilege of appointing commissioners or di-
rectors to look after the interests of the United
States,- aud no such right was had until the
passage of 'the law July 8, 1864. Having be-
come tired of the old border-ruffian name of
the corporation—the Leavenworth, Pawnee,
and Western Railroad Company—in 1864 Con-
gress changed the name to "Union Pacific
Railroad Company, eastern division." I have
no time to go into .the extraordinary and dis-
reputable operations of this border-ruffian rail-
road ; the litigation, the wranglings and fights
of different rings and companies who were all
endeavoring to cnrich themselves out of these
stupendous grants of the peopled lands and
money to this railroad corporation; the use of
the United States troops to drive off one set
of claimants for the benefit of another, and the
killing of Hallet, the man at whose instance
the troops had been called out. Indeed the
question is now pending in the courts, as I
understand, as to which is the real company
entitled to the congressional subsidy. And it
may be well to inquire before we act whether
the company that is now lobbying the bill
through is not in reality a bogus concern. This
House has official knowledge of this dispute
through a memorial of a citizen of the United
States duly sworn to, and which has been con-
sidered by the Committee on the Judiciary of
the House. As the committee have determined
that the quarrel does not affect the interests of
the United States, the whole matter is left to
be adjudicated by the courts. It may be added,
however, that this memorial charges that the
company which this bill is to benefit is a spu-
rious organization, representing possession
only, and that forcibly and unlawfully obtained,
while the other company represents the real
stockholding interest.
But setting aside all question in dispute be-
tween the two companies, let us see in what
condition the company is which now claims the
additional subsidy, and with what face it can
come in and demand anything further from
Congress. What is the claim of justice or right
in the premises? what has this railroad com-
pany, which now comes here and asks us for
this additional subsidy, already received fiom
the Government? It is a startling exhibit, and
I demand that it shall be well considered before
this bill passes. In the first place it subordi-
nated the Government mortgage for $6,303,000
to its own mortgage, and in the second place
it has received as an actual subsidy in United
States bonds the same amount of $6,303,000.
Now, how much subsidy has it received in land ?
It has received in land subsidy twenty miles on
each side of the road, alternate sections, mak-
ing seven million six hundred and eighty thou-
sand acres. Here are the number of acres of
land. Now, as to its quality and value 1 pro-
pose to let the company speak through its own
advertisement, a copy of which I hold in my
hand, and which I beg leave to have read at
the Clerk's table, and to which I wish to call
particular attention of members of the Souse :
The Union Pacifio Railway Company, eastern
division, are now offering lor sale two million acres
tl J1, }a tn** most fertile aud productive i>oi tion of
j ««• i -Kansas, comprising: some two hundred
and imy thousand acros situatod in the vulley of tho
ii-aw or Kansas river, known oh the ' l>ela«in'uludian
reserve, togother with some thine hundred thousand
acres ot congressional lands. The above l,md« lie
east oi lor; Riley, The etjinpany luvo ;ilso more
than & outturn ttcitl & bilU aoros of buid Mr s;«lu wt\st
ot iort Riley, in tUe rich valleys of th.- Smolty Hill,
trie bolomon, and bxihuo riwrs. These lands aro
unsurpassed for fertility. soU it loam
ZEQJBf tw© to thr©£ feat ia doptU, &iid all yuuvuu-
