1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ient to railroad communication, lying for twenty
miles 011 each side of tho great highway of travel to
the Pacific ocean. In tho list of grain and stook-
growinu: States Kansas stands preeminently first.
The m'ldne^s and evenness ot its climate renders
stock-raising both easy and remunerative. <Ja<tle
graze ior eight months of tho year, and the exten-
sive prairies afford an unlimited supply of winter
provender without the labor of cultivation. Corn-
plantinKmay be commenced during tho months of
April, May, and June. Winter wheat, owing to the
absence of frosts, matures in June, and tbc average
yield is thirty bushels per acre. Corn yields from
fifty to one hundred bushels por acre, dependent on
the manner in which it is worked. Small fruits are
grown to great advantage. Peaches, pears, apples,
plums, and grapes very rarely fail to produce abun-
dantly. Tho culture of the grape is easy, and wine-
making will in the future bo one of the most lucra-
tive pursuits. There is an abundance of pure water
for farm and other purposes. The eastern partot
the State is particularly well watered, with constant
streams. Spiings are numerous, and where they aro
wanting good water can be obtained by digging from
fifteen to thirty feet. Tho valley of the Saline river
is rich in salt springs, and several companies are
already manufacturing salt for eastern markets.
"Timber.—There is :m abundant supply of timber in
tho eastern part of the State, consisting ot oak, wal-
nut, hackberry, elm. and hickory, and groves of Cot-
tonwood and some bard wood are found along all
the streams west of Fort Riley. All native timber
grows readily on the prairie wherever the annual
fires are prevented. Hedges of O&ago oiangc arc
easily and successfully cultivated.
"Building Materials.—The finest quality of lime-
stone lor building purposes is found throughout tho
State of Kansas and crops out in the bluffs along tho
valleys of all the rivers. Sandstone is also found in
many places. Timber is supplied by numerous saw-
mills in successful operation along the lino of the
road.
" Coal.—A stratum of coal underlies the entire east-
ern portion ot' the State, cropping out along the
various streams in beams of from eighteen to twenty
inches. A vein some six feet thick has been reached
b.v borings at Fort Leavenworth. Veins of greater
thickucss occur near Fort Scott, and in the Sac and
Fox lands. New deposits are constantly being dis-
covered."
This is tlie description and value of the land
which Congress has granted away to this com-
pany, given by the company. The character
of the climate, its adaptation to grazing, the
adaptation of the soil for winter wheat, where
the average yield is'thirty bushels per acre,
and the average yield of corn is from fifty to
one hundred bushels per acre, and where the
small fruits are grown to advantage, and where
the culture of the grape is easy, and where the
making of wine, in contempt of the Maine law,
is in the future to be '4 one of the most lucra-
tive pursuits;" and then there is the "abun-
dance of pure water," to say nothing of the rich
salt springs, where salt is already being " man-
ufactured'for the eastern markets;" and then
there is the timber and the building materials
and the coal, with the declaration touching the
climate of Kansas as being remarkably health-
ful; where there are no prevailing diseases,
and consumption is almost unknown ; and
where the common schools are endowed
with large tracts of land, and the educa-
tional facilities are good. The price fixed by
the company for these lands is from one to
five dollars per acre. Under this statement
what should these lands be fairly and justly
estimated at? It certainly cannot be deemed
extravagant to average them at three dollars
per acre, which is the average of the price
fixed by the company. At that price, there-
fore, the value of the land granted to the com-
pany would be ^23,210,000.
Recapitulation.
United States bonds subsidy §6.303,OU0
Laud subsidy, worth 23,210,000
Privilege of su'ooidinating nr^t mortgage
bonds.    ii,303.000
Total aid $35,S1G,000
This amount of 830,840,000 is what this
company has received for building a railroad
four hundred miles in length, which is repre-
sented as being one of the easiest and cheapest
ever constructed in America, and which is
equal to $89,Olo per mile. Putting the cost
of the load at the highest possible estimate,
$30,000 per mile, it would leave a net profit-
to the company of ^50,61-5 per mile, whicn
for (bur hundred miles would give to the com-
pany £23,8-10.000; or, in other words, the
company will have its road built by the Gov-
ernment. and the laud subsidy, worU between
4 Pi if ^ H ^ 1' ■ ::
twenty-three and twenty-four million dollars,
thrown in.
And now for the further inquiry, what kind
of a road did Congress require should be built
in return for this magnificent grant? It was
to be a road '' equal in all respects to a fully
completed first-class railroad." Has such a
road been built, and if not, has the Gov-
ernment been honest enough and vigilant ]
enough to keep back a sufficient amount of
the subsidy to make such a road as the law '
requires? We have some official information
011 this subject in a report made in December
last to the Secretary of the Interior by Gen-
eral Warren, of the United States Army, and
Mr. Blickensderf'or, special commissioners
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior to
examine this road. I have the report of these
commissioners in my hand. These commis-
sioners seem to have performed their duties
faithfully and fearlessly, and their report is a
very interesting one. After some general ob-
servations 011 the local ion of the road, the
commissioners proceed to say:
"In tho details of the location there is too much
curvaturc; tho grado isgcuerally laid too near the
ground, and follows too closely the undulations of
tho natural surface. A little cutting at the high
points and filling at tho low ones, slight changes 111
the location and a little more work, would have easily
kept down the grades along theKaw river to Ihiity
feet per mile, which grado should not have been ex-
ceeded 011 this part ot the load. Cheapness of fu.-t
construction scorns to have been the ruling idea,
although it seems as if in some places a better road
could have been secured without increased expense.
Wh.it is best to be done to the road depends very
much, wot of Salma, upon what is to be the future
western J erminus and destination. 1 f the road is to be
extended to form a line reaching to the settlement
at the base of the mountains or to be part of a through
line to tho Pacific, much of its location requnes a
thorough overhauling, and parts ot it piobabiy iiiu^t
be abandoned. To 1 educe the grades west of Salina,
to thirty feet per mile in the present location would
require a very considerable outlay; but in case the
road should over have a fhst-elass business this
reduction is so desirable that it might bo well woith
examining whether to obtain it tho location should
not be changed so as to keep in the valley of the
Smoky Hill even sit the disadvantage ot increasing
tho distance, or in *mne other way avoiding the
objection to the present line. Had the^ route been
designed originally to reach the valley of the Aikan-
sas, the course ot tho lower poition ofthebond in the
Smoky liill fork appears favomblo lor so doing, and
the attainment of low grades might have not been :it
any material sacrifice of distance. To dot ermine in-
telligently all the questions involved in tho location
west ot Sal111 a, on the .supposition that tho road is to
bo extended, requires extended sui vcys and much
infoimation not wuhiu our reach , and we have, there-
fore, confined ourselves to a consideration ol thcroad
located as it is 111 making our climates ior complet-
ing it. If,however, the wesKnutciminus of thcroiid
is to remain where it is it might be, questionable pro-
priety to expend much upon it, unless it bo to reduce
the higher grades to MXiy feet per mile, and tbuh
make th.it the ruling grade on lliispait ot the line,
and, by slight changes 111 the location at some points,
to reduce the curvature.
"East of Salina, however, no question of western
terminus will in any wise affect the location, and
changes with a view of improving the grades and
alignment may be made with entire confidence that
whatever be the ultimate tciminaium of the road
tho full commercial value of the outlay will bcreal-
ized. Some very objectionable grades, as'higu ys
seventy-two feet per mile, and some unnecessary
curves occur on this part or the lino, and changes
should bo made so as to diminish the curvaturc ana
secure the easy ruling grado of thirty teet per mi 0.
"The line can bo shortened two and a hall miles
opposite Lawrence, and threofourths ot amileoppu-
bitc Topcka, by continuing the road direct along
the bottom lands and cutting oil the dctouis madcto
reach the stations opposite these place?.
"Road-bed.—Theroad-bed was designed to be thir-
teen feet wide on embankments andfifteenfeetwide
in the cats, but it olten falls short of tnesc dimen- ■
sions. Tho embnnkmcnts aro generally too narrow, j
and vail require widening before ballast can be prop-
erlv supplied, and having moi tly been built without ;
leaving any herm this widening will require more ,
labor than would otherwise have been necessary, as ,
the existing ditches will have to betillcd up and new j
ones made. The banks should be increased m width ■
to a minimum of fourteen feet on top, and the cuts ;
to sixteen feet at the bottom. Thercarconthe whole .
line about seventy-live mi.es ol cuts ot dilieient j
^"Tmck-hnjinc, and bullet.-The (rack lias been !
laid on the bare road-bed, without ha\ the lattci ]
previously prepared by a covering ot oallaet to i t- (
oeivo it. Tho fastenings aro the old style v, iousU-. _
iron cluiir, now almot-t universal^ oucaided lot .
either the fish-joint or for an impiovcd :
greatei strength and bearing surface. On cuiv. yac
rails were not bent to conform with the curve. \v ui<
these exceptions the track appears to nave been we.t
laid, but, from wantof ballasting material itssuriace
has not been well maintained, ^ith a low
exceptions. thore U no ballast on tho road, ana irom
the nature of tho material constituting the road-bed
full ballast will be required on the whole line, and
the material for it is exceedingly scarce, and must
in most eases bo transported a considerable dis-
tance. This will make it expensive^ to ballast this
lino, more so than roads in goueral.''
The commissioners then proceed to an esti-
mate of the probable expenditure which will
be required to render the four hundred and five
miles already built ''equal to a fully completed
first-class railroad." It is made on tho sup-
position that the road is to be extended and
opened for through traffic to tho Pacific coast,
and exhibits the expenditures required for labor
on the four hundred and five miles they exam-
ined and for the equipment required to work
this part of the line. I omit the details, but
give the total amount which the said commis-
sioners find is necessary to make the road
44 equal to a fully completed first-class rail-
road,'? and that amount is $3,052,500, and, as
I understand it, there has been no subsidy re-
served and the Government has now 110 means
whatever to compel the said company to con-
form to the requirements of the law touching
the construction of its road. And yet we have
it proposed here by the provisions of this bill
to give a subsidy of neatly one million dollars,
if not more than one million six huudred thou-
sand dollars, in addition to the enormous sub-
sidies already granted by Congress and to which
I have so fully referred. Can it be possible
that anything more is wanted than the facts
which have been ehown to secure the unani-
mous rejection of this bill?
I have notgonc into the scandals connected
with the management of this road ; 1 have not
brought to the attention of the House its ex-
tortions upon the public through ns oppressive
rates of fare and freight, its contempt of the
rights of the people of Kansas, and the mixing
up of its directors with contracts for building
the road. I will read to the House a statement
which 1 hold in my hand, made by two well-
known and responsible citizens of Lawrence,
Kansas, who sign their names to the statement:
"An examination of the contract for tho building
of tbc Northern Pacific railway of Kansas &huwo that
the interests of the company havo been disregarded.
The contractors are required to build a road that
will bo accepted by the United States commissioners.
This road is eunhtiucted along the bauk ot the Kan-
sas river. There is «eareely any excavation or em-
bankment, and but little bridging. I1 tie contractors
were allowed to seleet tho route subject to 1he ap-
proval of the company's engineer, who was hinibelf
int ere-ted m the contract. The result is that a cir-
cuitous route has been selected, and obstacles have
been avoided rathei i ium surmounted.
" The cash cost to the contractor of the two hun-
dred miles next we^t of Lawrence has been ^18.00J
per mile, lor which the contractor have received as
follows,per mile:
First moi tgagc bonds (gold interest) ^10.000
Government bonds  iV/vX
Land bonds or income  lu.UJU
Stock of the company    k.UUO
"If one asks, why did the directors of the company
make such a contract? the answer is this: all tue
directors have a share 111 the contract. Three ot
them belong to the firm of contractors by name,
while tin- ot tiers had sulhcient sense of shame to be
icprescntcd by an alias. One of the two 'managiug
directors' of the corporation is the laigest owner m
the firm of contractors.
"Ot course the interests of tho Government have
suffered. The contiactors have amassed lor;unes at
the expem-e of the corporation and ot tho corpora-
tion creditors. The road is now bankrupt. Its tirst
mortgage bonds were offered to us last September at
eighty-one cents. They have since been bought at
seventy oenU. The road has been operated in such
a way by too contruotois or directors that its income
has not "been suim-ient to pay the interest on its first
11101 (gage bonds. These contractors or directors have
advanced the money necessary to meet the accruing
interest m order to prevent an exposure of their
management until they shall have obtained the new
subsidiej. When these subsidies bhall ^have been
scoured tho first mortgage bondholders will take tue
road, and the Government seeuritv will bo gone. _
" Kveiy dollar loaned by the United State-? is 111
reality give o—for the security is worthless—and given
to these contractors}. Shall the Government loan
million^ to a company that has no propeitv, no
credit, and wlune fir*s& mortgage is at a discount of
;'4L1L#MP50X' „
,l L-utcrcn.ee, k.ai%9ct#.
I v, ill detail) tho Hoafe no longer, [should
not lia/e taken up a3 much time as ' hereupon
this bill had it not been for the fact that it is
the pioueu' bill of the session, and
House is to determine by its vote o  the but
