1669.
THE (X>¥0EESSKWJX GLOBE.
1417
whitewashing document. I have no reproach
to make agawsfc my honorable friend. He
showed, I admit, the sagacity he has always
shown.
A few days after that the President took the
liberty to converse with a Senator. It was the
individual who k now addressing the Senate;
and that conversation was published without
any knowledge of mine. I am not in the habit
of going to th«. President and instituting con-
versations with him" and publishing them the
next mottling. - . , , ' ,
Mr. CONKLING. Particularly on Sunday.
Mr. DIXON. Particularly on Sunday, and
publishing them abroad. - It was published
without my knowledge. It is true, I had a
conversation of. that kind with the President,
and I suppose it was as stated. Bat what then
took place? :Be it remembered that the con-
troversy between Andrew Johnson and Con-
gress had not then commenced; they were act-
ing m concert; aad it was hoped a-ad believed
by many that harmony would be. restored if it
had been at all interrupted.. A distinguished
member of the House of Representatives, now
no longer in the land of the living, to whom I
would not allude in any language except that
of commendation, thought it his duty to rise
in that body and state that less offenses—I
quote from memory—bad brought a British
monarch to the block. In a very few days
after impeachment was broached. As early as
that the impeachment of the President was
threatened. The controversy went on; and
finally, not to dwell upon it, the difference be-
came such that at last the same distinguished
Representative from Pennsylvania, now no
longer living, declared that Congress was act-
ing outside of the Constitution, that their course
and their policy were unconstitutional; and I
think he said that the man who claimed other-
wise was a fool.
Under those circumstances the difference
between Andrew Johnson and Congress took
place. A considerable portion of the Repub-
lican party saw fit to stand with President
Johnson. They thoaght him right. I was
one of them. I believed, him right. It was
not because he was President, but because I
thought his policy right. What had I to gain,
what had others to gain by acting with him
except to keep in office a few men who were
good Johnson men until the civil tenure bill
passed, and -the moment the power of Andrew
Johnson was gone were good Grant men, and
will be as long as President Grant has power
over them, and if this bill should now continue
them in fact in existence they will be Senate
menV They will follow the camp. But there
the controversy commenced, and thus it went
on. When a question of principle was in-
volved, and not until then—I assert it hero—did
Andrew Johnson ever remove a man from
otlice for his political opinions. After the
quarrel had become bitter and personal against
him, and when war between Congress and the
President was flagrant, then, it is true, Presi-
dent Johnson did remove men from office.
W'hether he did right in doing that or not is
not now the question. I merely wish to vindi-
cate the truth of history in this regard to show
how it was that this difference commenced,
and how it was that President Johnson went
into the work of removing Republicans from
office.
Then the civil tenure bill was enacted. I
was always opposed to it. I do not impeach
the motives of those Senators who voted for
it. I have no doubt they considered them-
selves actuated and governed by patriotic mo-
tives j I have no doubt they were so ; but, sir,
I believe that as we are all fallible beings, and
as a fallible being will fail somewhere, they
were affected by the frailties which affect hu-
mauity, and that passion and party excitement
had something to do with the passage of the
hill. I was opposed to it at the time. I voted
against it. I believed it unconstitutional. 1
believed it wrong in principle. I think go now.
I shall vote for its repeal for the same reasons
for which I voted against it originally.
Sir, Ihave considerable-eoaSdeaeeia Pres-
ident Grant. I did not Totes tot him for the
Presidency, I could not vote for the princi-
ples which I thought at that time underlaid
the great doctrines of the party. But person-
ally 1 have always had great confidence whim;
and so hare my constituents. They wish to
g ve him.fair play. . They wish to give him an
opportunity to: carry out his Administration
The other day a most significant foot took
place. A, convention of the Democratic party
was held in the State of Connecticut. The
Democracy of Connecticut have been styled
by one of their own poets "a fierce Democ-
racy ?' and yet they passed a resolution declar-
ing that they did not purpose to wage an indis-
criminate warfare against President Grant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to ask my
friend if these gentlemen, including himself,
as he says-he is now for Grant, are the Grant
men to whom he has just been alluding as
changing with ©very Administration?
•Mr. DIXON. The Senator's question is
founded on a misunderstanding, a mistake.
He misunderstood what I said. He supposed
me to declare myself a Grant man, and that
the Democracy of Connecticut are Grant men.
I think I said no such thing. I said I was not
a Grant man. He mast haye misunderstood
me. I said I did not vote for him, although I
have always respected him personally.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood the Senator
to say that while he did not vote for him he
respected him so much that he was substan-
tially rather for him now.
Mr. DIXON. Oh, no; not at all. The Sen-
ator misunderstood me. I said I respected
him very much, and that I wished to give him
fair play. Fair play is a Saxon instinct. The
Senator and I- are both Saxons. We wish to
' give our opponents fair play. We wish to give
President Grant fair play, an opportunity to
administer the Government in such a manner
as to bless the country over which he is elected
to preside.
' -Mr. GRIMES. Such as every other Pres-
ident has had.
Mr. DIXON.
ought to have.
Mr. GRIMES.
Mr. DIXON.
Such as every President
And has had.
I would give it to every
President, especially to a man who deserves
so much from the people of this country as
Ulysses S. Grant. But I was saying that the
"fierce Democracy" of Connecticut, who have
always been noted and proverbial for the firm-
ness of their convictions and their adherence
to duty as they understand it, under all cir-
cumstances, took the ground that they would
not urge warfare against President Grant;
that they would wait and see what his course
should be, and if he should support the Con-
stitution of the United States'they would sup-
port him ; and in that I most cordially agree
with them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend will per-
mit me to say he does come, after all, to be a
Grant man, because Grant will certainly do
that.
Mr. DIXON. I trust he will. I trust the
Senator is right. I have very strong hopes that
he is right; that General Grant will support
the Constitution, and in the support of the
Constitution he will never find me an oppo-
nent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We welcome you.
Mr. DIXON. So that we may be acting
together. I would rather venture to predict
that we shall; but still predictions are some-
what dangerous.
Now, sir, when the distinguished Represent-
ative from New York the other day, who was
a member of the committee that presented
President Grant with his letter of appointment,
told him that the Democracy of this country
were ready to support him upon the principles
winch he there advanced and avowed of econ-
omy and retrenchment and honesty. I think
the whole Democratic heart of this country re-
sponded. I trust time may prove that President
Grant will do his duty, as Andrew Johnson has
done it. Why, sir, the Democratic party of
■this country showed their disposition on this
subject of supporting Presidents against whom
they voted in their course with regard to Presi-
dent Johnson. Did they support his election ?
Did they vote for him? Was he their man?
Did any man ever come into the Presidency
"against whom tha Democracy were more pre-
judiced-than against Andrew Johnson? Bat
th« moment be showed himself a friend, an
advocate, and a vindicator of-the Constitution,
then the lion-hearted Democracy, as they have
been termed, stood by him.
I do not know what may happen. A man
who has seen what I have seen here in the last
twelve years will be very slow and very cau-
tious as to predictions, unless he is either a
prophet or the son of a prophet, neither of
which I claim to be. I wish to see nothing
which shall injure the interests of this country.
I wish to see the country prosper. That is my
great wish. I hope that President Grant, when
he takes his place, will put aside all party con-
siderations, spurn from him all men who come
to him and talk to him about the interests of a
party, and that he .will look to the intei-ests of
the country; that the good of this nation will
be the guiding pole-star of his Administration.
If he does that, if he casts aside from him sel-
fish, intriguing m«n who have their own inter-
ests in view, and does what he thinks right, it
is more than probable that the Senator from
Vermont and myself may stand together in his
defense before his term expires; arid if it should
happen that some of the gentlemen who are
now acting together in this Chamber should
quarrel over him, it is possible that the honest
people of this country might by that means get
their dues.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There would be a good
many of the persons whom my friend refers to
as the honest people who would be rather
sorry to get their dues, I am afraid. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DIXON. I wish him to have power to
give their dues to that class of people men-
tioned by the distinguished Senator from New
York, the "'whisky ring." It was ungrateful
in that Senator to attack the '' whisky ring."
Now, sir, the worst thing I ever knew against
General Grant was this—he was not responsi-
ble for it, I know ; I have no doubt he was
greatly disgusted with it; but the truth is that
the entire force of that1' whisky ring," depicted
in such powerful aud eloquent and just lan-
guage by the honorable Senator from New-
York, were supporters and upholders of Gen-
eral Grant at the last election and voted for
him to a man—poured out their money like
water to secure his election. There is where
the money came from to corrupt Pennsylva-
nia, spoken about by my honorable friend [Mr.
BtoiCALEwJ the other day.
But, sir, I will not go into these political
matters. I am for repealing this law. I think
it never ought to have been passed. The very
first moment that we can strike it from the
statute-book, I am in favor of doing so. I
shall therefore vote against the amendment,
and I shall vote for the bill as it is contained
before us, in itself, pure and simple ; and I do
it with the firm hope that President Grant when
he takes his seat, finding himself invested with
full power, will do as he declared he would do
when he received his letter of appointment,
remove all officers of this Government who
show themselves unfaithful to the trust confided
in them.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, _ the
practice of the Government from the adminis-
tration of Washington to the administration of
the present Executive was uniform in admitting
the President's general power of removal. This
practice worked well, and it is, I think, a strong
argument for our returning to it. The present
tenure-of-oiBee law, which it is now proposed
to repeal, was a special law, called for by the
peculiar circumstances under which the coun-
try was placed from the wide divergence of
views upon the subject of reconstruction be-
tween PresidentJohnsoaand Congress. Under
