242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25
Ho. os Reps.
Extension of Boundaries—Mr. Hooper.
40th Coxg....3d Sess.
vioos to and after the abolition of slavery, more
kindly personal feeling toward the negro than
I have ever heard of existing toward him among
the people of the North. The meanest masters
i ever knew were men who came from the
^ort.li as rash and fanatical Abolitionists, and
who, after their cupidity had overcome their
philanthropy and patriotism, and they became
the owners of slaves, knew no end to their ex-
actions and no limit to their tortures. It comes
then, gentlemen, with poor grace from any of
•you to object to the enfranchisement of the few
colored men among yourselves, after you have
freed by force the slaves of the South and en-
franchised them to a man; and not only so,
but have disfranchised and disqualified for
office many of their former masters!
Now, Mr. Speaker, it may seem that the
truths I speak " doth lack some gentleness and
time to speak them in it may be thought by
some whose withers are galled that I " rub the
sore when I should bring the plaster." But
my answer is that" truth is truth unto the end
of reckoning," and was never indebted to a lie.
If gentlemen do not wish their toes tread upon
they must gel out of the " straight and narrow
path" which duty, honor, and a Christian
patriotism dictate to me to follow.
Let me say, sir, that of all the characters
who now claim a name in the political history
of this country, the so-called Democrat of the
present hour, and especially the northern Dem-
ocrat, is the last who should raise his voice or
cast his vote against negro suffrage. And why ?
Because whenever and wherever this principle
is ingrafted upon our statute-books they are
thefirstand most eager to profit thereby. They
seem to lack the nerve and the manliness to
bring about that which they are the most for-
ward and eager to grasp when accomplished ;
thus placing themselves in the most unenviable
attitude ot one who is too cowardly to steal,
but who is mean enough to be the first to appro-
priate stolen goods!
I know how it is in the South, and I think I
know what northern Democrats expected of
the Democrats of the South. I know that the
Democrats of the South, while they have howled
and are still howling against negro suffrage,
stole it and appropriated it in the last election
in my State ; and 1 think I know that the north-
ern Democracy both expected and greatly de-
sired this. Mr. Frank P. Blair, for instance,
who was the first to disturb the quiet of south-
ern institutions on southern soil, and who
fought as bravely and gallantly as any man to
bring about the condition of affairs which natu-
rally enfranchised the former slaves, turned the
back of his hand against their manhood, while
he both craved and expected their votes! Such
an attitude in politics is not only inconsistent,
but it is something even more wicked. It is
both unfair to themselves and unjust to their
political adversaries for gentlemen to assume
and seek to maintain any such untenable and
humiliating attitude. As history passes on,
gentlemen will look back and be ashamed of
their acts before the ink of their re.iord shall
have dried on the pages of their disgrace.
But I have just said that the Democrats of
the South have howled and are still howling
against negro suffrage. 1 am willing to inti-
mate that this, to some degree at least, maybe
an injustice. I am willing to say they are to
some extent becoming reconciled to what they
deem sealed and inevitable. I believe the south-
ern Democrats would bow in the future to
regro suffrage without a murmer if the same
rule could be made uniform, and if they them-
selves could also be relieved from all disa-
bility and disqualification and placed upon a
political equality with their former slaves.
And, Mr. Speaker, without stopping to argue
this question here, or that feature of it which
relates directly to the disqualified white por-
tion of the eommunity and section in which I
live, I would simply ask if it is deemed too
mush on the part of intelligent tax-payers
educated white men, who mainly support the
Government, to expect or at least desire to be
allowed as many and as much political rights
and power as their former slaves? If it were
in place I could here and now tellgentlemen—
as I trust to be permitted to do so hereafter at
a more proper time—that we shall never have
the quiet and harmony which we ought to have
until white men are accorded as many rights
under the written law and the constitutional
guarantees as are conceded to the black man.
And I can say now and here, legitimately and
appropriately, that until suffrage in this coun-
try is made uniform and is nationalized, we
shall continue to have local strifes and sec-
tional jealousies, which will tend more or less
to mar that harmony of national unity which
the proud and free citizen of a great and glo-
rious Government should so much crave.
I fear, sir, there are in America, as there
were once in Europe, and perhaps are still,
Bourbons who neither forget nor learn any-
thing. A prejudice becomes fastened to their
souls, and it rankles and cankers in their hearts
through life; and they persistently refuse to be
taught anything more manly or less damning
than a prejudice.
So far as the South is concerned I have
said we feel that negro suffrage is irrevocably
and irrepealably fastened upon us. It was not
of our choice or of our asking; but we are not
so sure but it will result in special good to us
even in a sectional point of view, leaving en-
tirely out of the count the question of national
unity and national uniformity ; for by its insti-
tution we shall be greatly increased in repre-
sentation on this floor, a thing which I already
see is much needed and " devoutly to be
wished." And I appeal to northern gentle-
men of all parties to harmonize on this issue
and let us have a great country and a strong
Government, with a uniformity of interest in
the great leading question of franchise, and a
sameness of honor and glory, without sectional
prejudicesor local animosities. We have tried
a diversity of interest long enough, and the
wounds thus opened need to be closed and
healed, and the losses thus sustained should
be at once gathered up and restored.
I trust, sir, and believe, this proposed amend-
ment will be passed by Congress ; and I believe
it will be ratified by the necessary majority of
the State Legislatures, and I believe much good
to the country will result therefrom. The
" negro question," I think, may then rest and
cease to disturb the equilibrium of legislation
and the unity of the nation. We want rest
and peace, with brotherly kindness, and a
sameness of interest, in a national sense at
least, throughout the land. Then let us have
uniform suffrage as an earnest of uniform and
perpetual peace.
Extension of Boundaries.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. HOOPER,
of utah,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 25, 1869,
On the bill to extend the boundaries of the States
of Nevada, Minnesota, and Nebraska, and the
Territories of Colorado, Montana, and Wyoming.
Mr. HOOFER, of Utah. Mr. Speaker,
when it shall be in order I propose to offer
the following amendment to the bill offered by
Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, to extend the bound-
aries of the States of Nevada, Minnesota, and
Nebraska, and the Territories of Colorado,
Montana, and Wyoming, namely:
Strike out the first and fifth and so much of the
sixth sections of the bill as relates to Utah Territory.
A.nd on this amendment I propose to speak
at this time.
Sir, in the interior of the North American
continent, peopling the narrow valleys that lie
between mountains from which the snows never
disappear, exists a colony of this Republic, a
hundred thousand strong, prospering marvel'
ously in spite of rigors of climate and unfriend-
liness of soil, and distinguished by all the
characteristics of the most thriving and moral
American communities. This colony, planted
some twenty years ago in a savage wilder-
ness, remote from other civilized association,
divided from either ocean by vast spaces of des-
ert, was, like the kindred colonies of Massa-
chusetts, of Maryland, and of the Carolinas,
the offspring of religious persecution ; a per-
secution which had not then the excuse since
alleged, that the marriage institutions of the
Mormons are antagonistic to the civilization
of the age, for at. that time the question of
polygamy had not entered into the public dis-
cussion of their religious faith, but which was
simply an outburst of the blind intolerance
which has so often before driven the sincere
disciples of a new religious faith from their
homes, with the loss of property and good
fame, and forced them to seek such asylum as
God in his providence opened for their occu-
pation. Three times before had these people
founded a community and erected their altars
to the Christians' God, whom they_worshiped,
though with forms somewhat different from
those of the various sects which compose the
visible church of this nation, yet relying on
the Bible as the foundation of their faith ;
and each time they were pioneers in civiliza-
tion and the useful arts, and like the Pilgrims
in Massachusetts, the Catholics in Maryland,
and the Huguenots in Carolina, had based
their community on the foundations of reli-
gion and law, and introduced the habits of
industry and the aids of mechanical invention.
The newspaper and the school were indi-
genous in their settlements. Nor, guided as
were their movements by men born on Ameri-
can soil and reared in the fullest devotion to
American institutions, and composed as they
were, in great part, of immigrants escaped from
the grinding despotism of European poverty,
and inspired by fervent faith in our Govern-
ment, did they ever fail in their fealty to the
Republic nor exist a single hour without the
overshadowing presence of the Amerieanflag.
These are not mere rhetorical figures, but
serious statements of fact, for which I per-
sonally vouch and which I am prepared in-
contestably to prove. This people, healthily
grown now to the stature of a State, having
subdued the hostile forces of nature in a region
before consideredadesert andfilledthe valleys
of Utah with fertile farms, with^ successful
manufactories, with workshops, with homes ;
having built up numerous cities and villages
and constructed hundreds of miles of roads
and telegraphs ; having diffused the mountain
streams over the barren plains, till all the fruits
and grains.of the temperate zone now flourish
where only the sage-bush grew before; having
established schools for all the children and
built up a system of territorial government
not inferior in practical excellence to any other
in the land; having, as the last and crowning
labor, accomplished the grading of between
three and four hundred miles ot the greatrail-
way whose center rests on Utah, while its ex-
tremities reach the older States—this people,
with this record, stands arraigned as though
these acts were crimes and its very existence an
offense; and I, as its Representative, find my-
self compelled to assumean attitude of defense
and ask the interposition of the just and re-
flecting members of this House between the
citizens of the Territory of Utah and an act
which confessedly threatens its very existence,
and seeks again to make those citizens the
victims of a persecution which they are jus-
tified in believing forever ended.
While I shall indulge in no undue severity
of language in opposing a measure which must
have its origin either in fanaticism or in mo-
tives still less excusable, and while I shall
refrain from unkind allusion to the chief spon-
