1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
the circumstances from which this law arose
the Congress were justified in the action they
adopted ; but President Johnson will go longer
be an obstacle to the execution of the con-
gressional policy of reconstruction. I think,
therefore, we may with entire propriety go back
to the former policy of the Government upon
the subject, under th'e President's power of
removal the Government has been, generally
speaking, well administered. I am therefore
unwilling to depart from that policy. The
present law has been, I think, productive of
many inconveniencies, and I am unwilling
longer to continue it. The practice of this
Government for nearly three quarters of a
■century has demonstrated the wisdom of leav-
ing itt the hands of the President the general
power of removal of his subordinates. What
time has so fully tested I think we ought to
-abide by.
Farther, as a question of justice, I think
that as the President is made the executor of
the law, and is responsible for the conduct of
his subordinates, it is proper that he should
liave the fullest power of removal of incompe-
tent officers. It is in this way only I think
that we can enforce against him his full re-
sponsibility for a proper administration of the
Government. The President as the chief ex-
ecutive officer must be held responsible for
the administration of the Government in all
its various branches and through its multitude
of officers. To assert this responsibility, and
yet tie his hands by the "tenure-of-office bill"
is, in my opinion, a mockery. If the Presi-
dent is compelled to carry on the Government
through the instrumentalities of officers in
whom he has no confidence, there wiU be an
end to all efficient responsibility on his part.
A man of just feeling in the executive office
would under such circumstances be discour-
aged, and unable to effect removals, there
would be great danger that peculation and in-
■competency would ruu riot in all the Depart-
ments of the Government. The suspension of
■officers to await the final action of the Senate
would, in effect, be constantly placing the Pres-
ident on trial here. An unfriendly Senate
would soon impair the prestige of the Presi-
dent and leave him utterly powerless.
Another reason why I desire the repeal of
this law is that there is a growing jealousy of
the Senate. The tendency of public opinion
is to the representation of numbers, giving more
force to popular representations. There is a
tendency in certain quarters to regard the Sen-
ate as an artificial and aristocratic institution.
The excess of State rights, which precipitated
the late rebellion, has produced a reaction in
the American mind, and one of the effects of
this reaction is a jealousy of the Senate as rep-
resenting the States, ana not mere masses of
population. Considering the Senate as a most
happily framed part of our Government I am
unwillingto do anything to affect its efficiency ;
hence I think it would be impolitic in this view
for the Senate to refuse to repeal the " tenure-
of-office bill." The House of Representatives
has passed the act for repeal. This may well
lie taken as indicative of the popular will upon
the subject. Should the Senate insist upon
retaining the power of passing upon ali re-
movals from office by the President, there is
great danger of exciting a prejudice in the
public mind against the Senate which cannot
■do any good, and may do much harm.
But I am free to admit that another motive
operates very strong with me for the repeal of
this law. To refuse to repeal the tenure-of-
office law is in effect to manifest, in my opin-
wi'-i8, Tan' confidence in General Grant.
While I do not intend to intimate that those
Senators who may vote against the repeal of
the law feel any want of confidence in General
Grant, yet such, I think, is the necessary effect
of such s. vote. For my part I have entire con-
fidence iu General Grant, both in his capacity
and his fidelity to duty; therefore I wish him
to possess the presidential office in as full vigor !
as any of his predecessors. I think that destiny 11
has brought him forward to act a great part
in the civil history of his country, as he -has
already acted a great part in her military his-
tory. I am unwilling in any degree to tie his
hands. I desire to leave him as free as Gen-
eral Washington was to administer the great
office to which he has been called by a nation's
suffrage. I have entire confidence in his sa-
gacity and patriotism, and I wish him to pos-
sess every prerogative of his office, so that he
may give the fullest reins to his desire to serve
his country. I would as soon think he should
have been placed at the head of those con-
quering legions with which he restored to its
supremacy the proud flag of the country with-
out power to control incompetent or unfaithful
subordinates as that he be inaugurated Presi-
dent without power to remove unfit or dishon-
est officials. The day that I behold him in his
triumphant procession to the Capitol to receive
in his installation as the first officer of the land
the reward assigned to him by a grateful coun-
try for his eminent services, I wish to know that
he is as fully and completely President as any
one of his illustrious predecessorshas ever been.
With that view, I shall earnestly seek to re-
move the fetters which the tenure-of-office act
now imposes on the President of the United
States.
Mr. HOWE. I indicated the other day when
this bill was under consideration in the Senate
a purpose to move an amendment to strike out
so much of the first section as precedes line
nineteen. I do not know whether I formally
moved the amendment or not. I should like to
inquire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No such
amendment was moved.
Mr. HOWE. Then I make that motion at
the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is to strike out of the amendment of the'
committee the words which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words to be stricken
out, as follows:
That tho first section of the act entitled "An net
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices," passed
March 2,1867, is horeby amended so as to read as fol-
lows: " That every person (excepting tho Secretaries
of State, of the Treasury, of War, ot the Navy, and
of tho Interior, the Postmaster General, and the At-
torney General) holding any civil office to which ho
has been appointed by and with the advice and con-
sentof tho Senate, and every person who shall here-
after bo appointed to any such office and shall become
duly qualified to act therein, is and shall bo entitled
to hold such office until a successor shall havo been
iu lilco manner appointed and duly qualified, except
as herein otherwiso provided."
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I propose to
occupy the attention of the Senate but a very
short time. I am not aware that anything new
is to be said upon this question of the tenure
of office. I do not think of anything myself
to say that I have not either said before or
heard snid before; but since the arguments in
favor of repealing or modifying the law are
constantly repeated, I do not know but that it
may be well enough to repeat occasionally the
arguments against repealing or modifying it.
When the tenure-of-office bill was first con-
sidered in the Senate, it was then insisted, as
it is now insisted, that a distinction should be
made between the power to be exercised by
the President over the members of his Cabinet,
so called, and over other officers. There were
many in this Chamber and many elsewhere
w.ho wore ready to deny to the President the
power to remove a postmaster or a collector,
who still insisted that he ought to have the
power to remove a Secretary of State or a
Postmaster General; and the reason assigned
for that distinction uniformly was, so far as I
remember it, that these were officers created
by the law for the purpose of acting as the
confidential advisers of the President, for his
peculiar use and enjoyment, although I believe
that word was never used. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, it does not make any sort of difference,
I have noticed in the course of my life, what
sort of a proposition you submit, if you stick
to it long enough yon will come to believe it
at length, though it be ever so baseless in the
outset.
I once heard of a fellow-citizen of my dis-
tinguished friend, the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessendeu,] whose attention seems just
now attracted to this debate, who took up his
residence in that State, having moved from the
State of Massachusetts, and after staying there
some time he felt an .irresistible desire to go
back and visit his old neighbors-, but lacked
the means of paying his expenses. He thought
he would resort to the charity of the people on
the road; and in order to make sure of its
exercise in his favor he devised a very ingen-
ious and touching story of losses that he had
incurred. His house had been burned and
his children had died and he had been afflicted
with a variety of calamities. And so he started
off relying upon telling that story whenever he
wanted a meal of victuala^or a night's lodging;
and the history of the case has it that before
he reached Massachusetts he had told the story
so many times that he came thoroughly to
believe it was true, and he could not tell it
without crying. I have heard this assertion
that the Secretaries were designed for the
especial use of the President so many times
that I really suspect there are some even in
this Chamber who believe it to be so ; and yet
if you look into the Constitution or the laws
or the character of the offices themselves I do
not know of anything that you might not assert
of them with just as much plausibility and just
as much truth as to assert that they are de-
signed to be the confidential advisers of the
President. I do not know of a word they can
say to the President that you have not a right
to command them to divulge. I do not know
a record nor a line of any record in their offices
that you cannot command any of them to
bring into this Chamber or into the other House
whenever you see fit. The Constitution does
not create these officers at all. The law has
created every one of them ; statutes enacted
by the law-making power have created every
one of them, and have defined the duties of
every one of them; but I do not understand
that it was the purpose of the statute that they
should be the especial advisers of the Presi-
dent of the United States. The Constitution
says, I know, that the President may tako the
advice—I think is the language—of any head
of a Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May require the opinion
in writing.
Mr. HOWE. My friend reminds me that the
President may require, in writing, the opinion
of any head of a Department touching the affairs
of his Department. That is substantially the
language of the Constitution. Clearly there is
not a clause of the Constitution, clearly there
was not a man in the convention that made the
Constitution, that ever contemplated such a
thing as that we now speak of as the Cabinet;
that is to say, a council created for the purpose
of advising the President of the United States.
It contemplated that the law would create cer-
tain ministerial officers to discharge certain
ministerial functions under the command, as
every other officer is primarily, of the head of
the executive department of the Government.
My friend from Vermont reminds me that the
pioposition, the idea of having a council of
State, was expressly rejected. The Constitu-
tion created none of these officers, as I have
already said.
When you come to look at the character of
the offices themselves, the duties they have to
discharge, I have asked more than once, I dare
say, but I am going to ask again, some Sena-
tor to point out some one duty which these
officers have to discharge that makes it more
important that they should be under the abso-
lute control of the President than that any
other officer should be? Until they show me
something of that description I shall conclude
to rely on what I have always supposed to be
the truth, that the tenure of their offices should
be fixed by law, and that until the term fixed
by law has expired they should not be con-
trolled in the discharge of their duty except
by the fear of removal by impeachment or of
removal in pursuance of law or of removal by
the appointing power.
