466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
what is to be its policy on the subject of other
land grants and subsidies to railroads. If we
pass this bill with all its enormities we ignore
the demands o.f the country upon us and give
an emphatic sanction to other projects which
are lying in wait, involving some two hundred
million dollars, to aid in the construction of
some ten thousand miles of railroad.. Lest
this might be considered an exaggerated state-
ment, 1 beg leave to refer to a resolution of
what has been called the " Middle-Men's Na-
tional Convention/' which was recently held
in Cincinnati:
" Itesofoed, That this national convention earnestly
urges upon Congress the patriotic duty of granting
immediate and adequate aid to perfect our system
of Pacific railroads. First, by tlio extension of the
southwestern line of the Kansas braneh of'thePacific
railroad from its present terminus, on the great plains,
nearly seyea hundred miles from St. Louis, to a point
in New Mexico, on or near the thirty-fifth parallel;
the construction of the Atlantic and Pacific railroad
from.3?ort Smith westward through the Indian ter-
ritory and northern Texas to the said point in New
Mexico, at the base of the Ptocky mountains; the
construction of a line by the Southern Pacific rail-
way of Texas, from Marshall, Texas, by way of the
Red river, to a proper point on the Canadian river,
to connect with the above load; the construction of
a trunk line of railroad through New Mexico, Ari-
iona and southern California, in the general route
of the tLirty-fifth parallel, to the Pacific; that these
roads are demanded in view of the climate, the fer-
tility, and mineral wealth of the country traversed,
the protection of settlements in the new Territories,
and in view of the commercial necessity of tho&e
parts of the United States, the South thereby being
put into the best communication with our mineral
territories and the Pacific ocean by the proposed
extension of their railroad system westward from
Memphis, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana, and
the middle and western States being afforded ashort
connection, through a mild climate, with the Pacific
and the mines of southern Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, the northern waters of old Mcxico and
southern California, bytheextension of thelinefrom
Kansas, the construction from Lake Superior to
Puget's sound of the Northern Pacific railroad,
already chartered by the Government, which will
give a short line of connection between the East and
the northern Pacific coast. These lines, in connection
with the Union Pacific and CentralPacificrailroads,
will form a complete system of Pacific railroads, all
entitled to national aid,"
In quoting this resolution I "hold the mir-
ror op to nature" that we may be instructed
in our "patriotic duty" of taking advantage
of our position as Representatives of the peo-
ple to vote away their patrimony for the ben-
efit of monster corporations. And I beg leave
to advert to an incident in the convention of
those patriotic gentlemen in Cincinnati who
were graciously pleased to instruct Congress
touching its duties. The Associated Press told
us that the Western Union Telegraph Com-
pany had placed their lines at the disposal of
the members of the convention to telegraph
to their families during its session. And when
a resolution favoring the principle of uniting
the telegraph with the postal system, and look-
ing to the greatest reform of the century, and
one, in which the masses of the people were in-
tensely interested, and which would reduce to
them the price of telegraphing at least seventy-
five per cent, and still give a revenue to the
Government, was introduced, that resolution
was voted down by the convention. Two hun-
dred millions for the benefit of corporations,
speculators, lobbyists, and adventurers, and a
pestiferous monopoly to be perpetuated which
is robbing the public of $10,000,000 a year.
Was there ever a more cruel sarcasm ?
Mr. Covode obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. CULLOM, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A memorial on the im-
provement of the navigation of Wisconsin and
Fox rivers, submitted by the canal convention
held at Prairie JDu Chien, in the State of Wis-
consin, November 10, 1868, and the proceed-
ings of the convention.
By Mr. ARNELL: The petition of J. M.
Hickey, of Columbia, Tennessee, for relief
from political disabilities.
By Mr. BURLEIGH: A memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of Dakota Territory,
prayingforagrant of land to the Minnesota and
Missouri River Railroad Company to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the State of Min-
nesota to the Missouri river at Yankton.
Also, a memorial from the Legislative As-
sembly of the same Territory, praying for the
extension of the Sioux City and Pacific railroad
to Yankton, Dakota Territory.
By Mr. CARY: The petition of Samuel
Crary, for relief for services as wagon-master
during the late war.
By Mr. CLEVER: A memorial of tho
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of New
Mexico, asking for Government aid in the
construction of the Union Pacific railroad,
eastern division.
By Mr. GARFIELD; A petition of citi-
zens of Jefferson, Ohio, for the extension of
the piers at Ashtabula harbor.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ashtabula
county, Ohio, for a change in the naturaliza-
tion laws.
By Mr. GRAVELY: The petition of James
F. Johnson, of Bedford county, Virginia, for
relief from disabilities.
By Mr. JUDD: The memorial of Mrs. Laura
Marshall, asking compensation for the services
of her grandfather, Thomas Hoyt, in the war
of the Revolution.
By Mr. HUMPHREY: The petition of
George Parr and others, manufacturers of Buf-
falo, New York, for a reduction of the duties
on foreign steel.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: Memorial
and petition of the copper distillers in the sixth
district of Kentucky, for the repeal or modifi-
cation of certain sections of the internal rev-
enue law.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of masters
and owners of Bridgeton, New Jersey, praying
for the intervention of Congress to protect all
engagey in navigation from illegal exactions
by States and municipal corporations.
Also, a petition of senators and members
of Assembly of the New Jersey Legislature,
representing that by reason of the encroach-
ment of the sea the valuable harbor at Abse-
com inlet is in great danger of being destroyed,
together with valuable property, including the
light-house and other Government property.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of Jane
Willis, mother of Maxwell Willis, late a pri-
vate of company F, eleventh regiment of In-
diana cavalry volunteers, praying for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. O'NEILL : A memorial of Clarissa
Huhn, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for a
pension.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of J. I. Case
and others, of Racinc, Wisconsin, for certain
legislation therein indicated.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Charles
D. De Ford & Co. and others, tobacco manu-
facturers of Baltimore, for such modifications
of the tax law as will protect manufactured
tobacco from double taxation.
Also, the petition of Gail & Ax and others,
to the same effect.
Also, the petition of C. L. Keywortli and
others, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of J. Rudolph and others,
to the same effect.
By Mr. ROSS : The petition of F. H. Hill,of
Virginia, asking a removal of disabilities.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Elijah
Durfey, asking for pension for services in the
war of 1812.
.By Mr. TAFFE: The petition of Smith,
Sheldon & Forbes, asking indemnity for prop-
erty seized and appropriated by the military
authorities of Arizona.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: The petition of citi-
zens of Schoharie county, New York, asking
that the pension laws be so amended that all
pensions shall be allowed from the date the
right accrued when application shall be made
for the same within seven years from the time
said right accrued.
By Mr. WII1TTE.MORE: The petition of
J. E. Hagood, of Pickens Court House, South
Carolina, praying for remuneration for services
as assistant assessor of internal revenue, of
twenty-fourth division, third district of South
Carolina.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Nancy Weeks, of
Georgia, widow of Francis Weeks, ensign in
he revolutionary war, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. WOOD : The remonstrance of mer-
chants and others of Albany, New York,
against additional duty on steel.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 20, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. W. C. Van Meter, superin-
tendent of the Howard Mission and Home for
Little Wanderers, New York.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read;
and, on the motion of Mr. CONKLING, its
further reading was dispensed withT
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of the Wiiliston and Arms Man-
ufacturing Company, of Northampton, Massa-
chusetts, praying a specific duty on all tapes,
webbipgs, and bindings made of cotton or linen;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
against any extension of the section of the
bankrupt law known as the fifty per cent, pro-
vision ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented resolutions of the consti-
tutional convention of Texas, in favor of making
a treaty with the Indians on the southwestern
frontiers of that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
merchants and dealers in distilled spirits in
the city of New York, praying certain amend-
ments or modifications of the present internal
revenue act relating to distilled spirits; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of merchants
of New York, praying for a reduction of the
tax on sales of liquors, and for making all
taxes on sales of merchandise uniform ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying that the right of suf-
frage maybe granted to women in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying that in any change or amend-
ment of the Constitution which Congress may
propose to extend or regulate suffrage there
shall be no distinction between men and women;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Doniphan county, Kansas, praying that in any
change or amendment of the Constitution which
Congress may propose to extend or regulate
suffrage there shall be no distinction between
men and women; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying that in any change or
amendment of the Constitution which Congi-ess
may propose to extend or regulate suffrage
there shall be no distinction between men and
women ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Rochester, New York, praying that wherever
Congress have the right to prescribe the quali-
fications of electors, especially in the District
of Columbia, they will extend to women the
right of suffrage equally with men ; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented petitions of citizens of
Maine, New Jersey, and Massachusetts, pray-
