1869.
THE CONGRESSlOfrM, GLOBE.
Mr. President, I have no serious objection
audi shall not make any objection to the mod-
ification of the tenure-of-officeact proposed by
the committee if the amendment which I have
moved can be accepted by the Senate. It is
a modification of some considerable import-
ance, but yet I shall be content with it with the
amendment I have already proposed; bat to
the contrary of this, I find those upon this
floor and elsewhere who say that the tenure-of-
office bill ought to be repealed absolutely and
at once, declare that that law was passed for
no purpose in the world bat to eurb and hold
in check the President now in office, and
because we believed him to be a bad man who
could: notsafely-be intrusted with the power of
removal.
Well, Mr. President, I did-think myself that
the present incumbent of the presidential chair
was a man who could not safely be intrusted
with the absolute power of removal; but I did
not advocate the passage of the tenure-of-office
bill upon that ground. I advocated it upon the
ground that it was necessary for us mow, at
this late day when we have the opportunity, to
porrect the mistake, the great mistake which I
believe was made by the first Congress that
ever assembled under the Constitution. That
Congress clothed by an express grantof pOwer
the President with the power of removal. I
hear it 6aid here that the President has that
power under the Constitution. I beg in reply
to that to repeat once more what I have said
before, that there is not a line in the Constitu-
tion that grants to the President that power, nor
any power like it. You may ransack the Con-
stitution from its preamble to its close, and you
cannot find that clause whieh, read dispassion-
ately, comes any nearer giving the President
the power to remove a postmaster than it does
the power to hang a postmaster. There is
not a word of it; and when the proposition
was first introduced into the Legislature to
vest that extraordinary power in the hands
of the President the debate raged for days
before it entered into the head of any man par-
ticipating in the debate that any such power as
that could be claimed under the Constitution.
But, sir, at that time George Washington was
President of the United States; and it seemed
to be the judgment of that Congress that the
more power you could place in the hands
of such a President as George Washington
the better would be the exercise of it; and
therefore, although not without long hesitation
and great deliberation and most manifest re-
luctance, they did consent to clothe the Presi-
dent, having but one example of the kind of
men who were to be President, with the power
ot' removal. Once placed in the hands of the
President, there never has been an opportunity
when it could be withdrawn from his hands
until the present Administration come into
power. For th^" first time, I think, in the his-
tory of the country we have found a President
resisting the will of two-thirds of both Houses
of Congress. That afforded an occasion, and
an urgent occasion for depriving the presidential
office of that power, and furnished also the abil-
ity to do it; and it was done.
On the 4th of March next, if the Almighty
continues to smile upon this country as He has
smiled for the last eight years, we shall inau-
gurate another President of the United States,
not unlike the first one in many of his charac-
teristics. I know him but little except in his pub-
he character and career; but ina very few years
he has contrived by pure diut of achievement
to inspire the whole country with that great
and unlimited confidence in his purity of pur-
pose and in his ability and wisdom which has
induced the country to place in his hands all
the power which under the Constitution belongs
to the presidential office; and I am not sur-
prised that there are Senators on this lloor
and admirers of his elsewhere eager to add to j
the constitutional measure of presidential au-
thority whatever power can be imparted to him
by statute. I am not surprised that this is the
case. Sir, if I knew that he was to be the last
President of the United States, or if I knew
that all Presidents succeeding him were to be
like him, or like the first President of the
United States, I do not think I should weary
the Senate or myself for a moment in resisting
the delegation to him of this power of removal.
But I ask the Senate to remember, I beg
every Senator to refnember, that already in the
history of this country we have known a great
many Presidents who resembled the first Pres-
ident or who resembled the next President,
but very slightly; and I wish the Senate to
remember that when you have by statute onee
restored this power to the presidential office
it is there to be exerted by whomsoever Afty
hereafter occupy the office, and you can
hardly rely upon the probability that you will
see in a century to come, an opportunity again
to withdraw that power from the hands of the
President. It is not likely that you will ever
see a President who will consent to have it
withdrawn, and it is no|. likely that you will
for many years to come again see a, Legislature
whieh can withdraw it without the eonsent-of
the President. Already in the history of our
Government the American people have elected
three Presidents who died during the term for
which they were elected, and in every instance
the Vice President succeeding has attempted to
change the policy upon which he was elected
and has turned round to confront the party
which elected him. Not one of the three Vice
Presidents succeeding a deceased President has
ever continued to act with the party which
elected him to office. What has happened
three times in the history of the country may
happen again; in view of that possibility it
seems to me that he is a rash statesman, a rash
legislator, who will now, inspired by his unlim-
ited confidence in that great character who is
soon to assume the presidential office, insist
upon piling up power in the presidential office,
knowing that once there it is to be exerted more
by the bad Presidents who may succeed him.
It is because of the dangers which threaten us
in the future, the possibilities which may grow
out of placing thi3 power in the hands of the
President, that I ask the Senate to pause before
they consent to repeal this law.
There is one other reason which I will assign.
I say that when yon clothe the President with
the unqualified power of removal you do ab-
rogate that provision of the Constitntion which
makes the Senate a part of the appointing power.
Give to the President the power to remove at
his pleasure, and the constitutional provision
which makes the Senate a part of the appoint-
ing power is not worth the paper on which it
is printed, because the Constitution does clothe
the President with the power to fill a vacancy
occurring during the recess; he can under the
Constitution, without the acquiescence of the
Senate, fill all such vacancies by commission-
ing officers to occupy the places, and the offi-
cers so commissioned hold until the close of
the succeeding session of the Senate. Put
upon the statute-book a law which authorizes
the President to remove officers at his pleas-
ure, and thus to create vacancies at his pleas-
ure, and the practical operation of it may be,
and in the hands of a bad President would be,
simply this: that an office which is filled on
the last day of the session by a nomination
confirmed by the Senate would be vacated the
day after the Senate adjourned by the Presi-
dent's removing the incumbent; and when he
had created a vacancy in that office by removal
be would fill it by his own commission, and
the officer commissioned by him would hold
until the expiration of the next session of the
Senate. Just before the expiration of the ses-
sion he might propose another candidate, make
another nomination to be confirmed by the Sen-
ate, and to be removed the next day after the
Senate had left the Capitol. Exercising that
power in appointments which the Constitution
clothes him with,-and that power of removal
which it is asked here that your statutes shall
clothe him with, he may continue in every office
his own creature, every day in the yeai except
one, and ttfet one the' last day of each session
of the Seriate.
Now, sir, I think that when the Constitution
required that these appointments should b<s
made by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate it was intended that these offices
should be held by men in whose character^
the Senate as welt as the President had-confi-
dence. -
I have one other reason for deprecating this
hasty attempt to repeal the statute known as
the tenure-of-office act. It seems- to me that
the self-respect i>f the Legislature should forbid
our doing it. We passed it so recently, we
battled for it so fiercely, that it looks strange
for us now at this early day to turn around and
condemn the work of our own jbahds. We
ought to be slow to do it. even though' there
were good reason for doing-it, out of respect
for our oWn characters, or out of pretended
respect for onr own characters if we have no
real respect for them. We ought to seem a
little reluctant to undo that work which we so
recently did. I do not know what inference
the people will draw from it, but for my single
self, if I did not intimately know the high char-
acter of the men who fill these seats and the
seats in the other House, and should yet see
them passing statutes one day only to wipe
them out of the statute-book the next, I should
be extremely apt to infer that it was a body
hardly suited to the high work of legislation.
I do not know that any of the people of the
United States will draw such an inference from
this; it is to be hoped they will not; but if I
were the'Congress of the United States I would
nottemptthem to draw itbypressing the repeal
of this law unless some good reason were
assigned for doing it. What good reason is or
can there be?
It is said, Mr. President, that you must give
the President of the United States this full
control over these officeholders or he cannot
secure an efficient administration of the public
service. Is that true? Is there a State in the
Union the executive of whieh has that unlim-
ited control over other administrative or execu-
tive officers? I do not know of one; certainly
I do not know of any western State. I do'not
know of an officer in the State of Wisconsin
that the Governor has power to remove exeept
upon charges filed ana tried; and we do not
find that the character of the public service in
that State suffers because of that provision; hut
is it not just as essential to the administration
of the laws of Wisconsin that, the chief execu-
tive of that State should have the power to
remove the secretary of State or the treasurer as
it is to the administration of the national laws
that the Chief Executive of the nation should
have the power to remove the Secretary of
State of the United States, .or the Secretary
of the Treasury, or any other Cabinet officer.
But, Mr. President, under this law as it will
stand if you agree to the modification which is
proposed by the committee and which is now
pending, it will not be in the power of an offi-
cer to remain in- the discharge of his duties a
single dav against the wishes of the President
of the United States. Whoeverhe finds in any
office unfaithful, whoever lie believes unfaith-
ful, whatever officer he thinks ought to be
removed from his office, a single line from him
relieves him. It will not relieve him from the
office, but relieve him from the discharge of its
duties and terminate his official labors for the
time being in a moment. Very true, sir, it is
not a final severance of the incumbent from
the office, because the fitness of that act must,
as the law will then stand, be submitted to
the Senate of the United States when it shall
convene. But if the Senate concurs with him
in the propriety of the suspension, then the
incumbent leaves the office finally, and it is a
vacancy to be filled.
If the framers of the Constitution were sen-
sible and not senseless when they required that
the Senate should concur in these appoint-
ments, shall we not by accepting this modifica-
tion of the law secure the very purpose which
