1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Extension of Boundaries—]\lv. ffooper.
lio. of Reps.
sor of the bill, notwithstanding his want of
personal courtesy and all common fairness in
seeking to pass it in the absence of the Dele-
gate representing the people whose interest in
the measure is_ fourfold greater than that of
any other constituency—I, whose stake in this
issue is so great, must be pardoned for some
intensity of feeling when I reflect upon its na-
ture. If, indeed, it were possible, as I hope-
fully believe it is not, by destroying the auto-
nomy of Utah and partitioning out its settle-
ments among neighboring Territories and States
whose capitals are remote and the exercise of
whose authority over them must of necessity
be feeble—if it were possible to exasperate
this people to the point of resistance to law,
and thus invite the fearful calamities of civil
strife, how infinitely more terrible would be
the consequences than on any of the previous
occasions when they have been smitten and
scattered by the hand of violence. I am re-
minded of the description given by Colonel
Kane, in a lecture delivered before the Histor-
ical Society of Philadelphia, of a scene which
had been visited by a similar calamity, and I
must be excused for quoting his words as a
fragment of history full of warniug against
future dangers. He says:
"A few years ago, ascending the Upper Mississippi
in the autumn, when its waters were low, I was com-
pelled to travel by land past the iegion of the rapids.
.My road lay through the Half-Breed tract, a fine
section of Iowa, which the unsettled state of its land
titles had appropriated a? a sanctuary lor coiners,
horse-thieves, and other outlaws. I had left my
steamer at Keokuk, at the foot of the lower fall,
to hire a carriage, and to contend forsomcfraginents
of a dirty meal with the swarming flies, the only
scavengers of tne locality. From this place to where
the deep water of the river returns my eye wearied
to see everj where sordid vagabonds and idle settlers
and the country marred, without being improved,
by rheir careless hand4?.
"I was descending the last hillside upon my jour-
ney when a landscape in delightful contrast broke
upon my view. Halt' encircled by a bend of the river
a beautitul city lay glittering in the fresh morning
sun; its bright new dwellings, set in cool, green gar-
dens, ran?m^ up around a stately dome-shaped hill,
wnich was crowned by a noble marble edifice, whose
high, tapering spire was radiant with white and gold.
The city appealed to cover several miles, and beyond
it, in the background, there roiled off a fair country,
checkered by the caretul lines of fruitful husbandry.
The unmistakable marks of industry, enterprise,
and educated wealth everywhere made the scene one
of singular and moit striking beauty.
"It wa« a natural impulse to visit this inviting
iegion. I procured a skiff, and rowing across tne
river landed at the chief wharf of the city. No one
met me there. 1 looked and saw no one. I could
hear no one move, though the quiet everywhere was
such that I heard tne flies buzz and the water-ripples
break against the shallow beach. I walked through
the solitary streets. The town lay as in a dream,
under some deadening spell of loneliness, from which
i almost feared to wake it. For plainly it had not
slept long. Tnere was no grass mowing up m the
paved ways: rams had not entirely washed away
the prints of dusty footsteps.
" Yet I wont about unchecked. I went into empty
workshops, rope-walks, and smithies. The spinner's
wheel was idle: the carpenter had gone from his
work-bench and shavings his unfinished sash and
casing. Fresh bark was m the tanner's vat, and the
fresh-chopped lightwood stood piled against the
baker'5? oven. The blacksmiths shop ff,i« cold: but
his coal-heap and ladlmg-pool and crooked water-
hoin weie all there, asif hehadjustgonooffforahol-
iday. No woik people anv where looked to know my
errand. If I went into the gaidens. clinking the
wicket-latch loudly after me, to pull the marigolds,
hearts-ease and lady-slippers, and draw a drink witli
the water-sudden well-bucket and us noisy chain,
or knocking off with my stick the tall,heavy-headed
dahlias and sunflowers, hunted over the beds for
cucumbers and love-apples, no one called out to me
from any opened window oi dog sprang forwaid ?o
bark an alarm. I could have supposed the people
hidden in the houses: but the door-< were unfastened,
and when at la*tl timidly entered them I found dead
ashes white upon tho hearths, and had to tread a
tiptoe, as if walking down the aisle of a country
church, to avoid rousing irreverent echoes from the
naked floor.
" On the o iNkirts of the town was the city grave-
yard. But theie was no record of plaguf there, nor
dul it in any wise differ much from other Protestant
American cemeteries. Some of the mounds we) e not
long sodded; home of the stones were newly set,
their d tte< recent, and their black inscriptions glassy
in tin* mibonV haidiy dried lettering ink. Beyond
the gia\ e-vard. out in the fields, I saw in one spot
haul bv, wiieiv the fruited boughs of a youns oi chard
had been roughly torn down, the still smoldeiing
embers of a barbecue lire that had been constructed
of rails from tho fencing round it. It was the latest s igii
ul iifo there. Fields upon fields of hea\ y-headed } el-
low grain lay rotting ungathered upon the ground-
No one was at hand to take in their rich harvest. As
far as the eye couldtreach they stretched away—they
sleeping, too, in the hazy air of autumn. Only two por-
tions of the city seemed to suggest the import ot the
mysterious solitude. On the southern suburb the
houses looking out upon the country showed by their
splintered woodwork and walls battered to the found-
ation that they had lately been the mark of a de-
structive cannonade; and in and around the splen-
did temple, which had oeen the chief object of my
acumration, armed men were barracked, surrounded
by their stacks of musketry and pieces of heavy ord-
nance. These challenged me to render an account
of myself, and why I had had the temerity to cross
the water without a written permit from a leader of
their band.
"Though these men were generally more or less
under the influence of ardent spirit--, after I had ex-
plained myself as a passing stranger they seemed
anxious to gain my good opinion. They told me the
story ot the dead city; that it had been a notable
manufacturing and commercial market, sheltering
over twenty thousand persons • that they had waged
war with its inhabitants for several years, and had
been finally succ>-s^ul only a few days before ray
visit in an actum fought in front of the ruined
suburb; after which they had driven them forth at
the point of thesword. The defense, they &aid, had
been obstinate, but gave way on the third day's bom-
bardment. They boasted greatly of their prowess,
especially in the battle, astheycalledit: butldiscov-
ered they were not of one mind as to certain of the
exploits that had distinguished it; one of which
as T remember was that t cy had slam a father and
his son, a boy of fifteen, not long residents of the
fated city, whom they admitted to have borne a char-
acter without reproach.
"They also conducted me inside the massive
sculptured walls ot thecunous temple, in which
they said the banished inhabitants were accustomed
to celebrate the mystic rites of an unhallowed wor-
ship. They particularly pointed out to me certain
features of the building which, having been the pe-
culiar objects of a former superstitious regard, they
had as a matter of duty sedulously defiled and de-
faced The reputed sites of certain shrines they had
thus particularly noticed, and various sheltered
chambers, in one of which was a deep well, con-
structed they believed with a dreadful design. Be-
side these, they led me to see a large and deep chis-
eled marble vase or basin, supported upon twelve
oxen, al-o of marble, and of the size of life, of which
they told some romantic stories. They said, the de-
luded persons, most of whom were immigrants from
a great distance, believed their deity countenanced
their reception here of a baptism of regeneration, as
proxies for whomsoever they held in warm affection
m tne countries from which they had come; that
here parents 'wentinto the water' for their lostchil-
dien. children for their parents, widows for their
spouses, and youngpersonsfortheiriovers; thatthus
the great vase came to be for them associated with
all dear and distant memories, and was therefore the
object, of all others iu the building, to which they
attached the greatest degree of idolatrous affection.
On this account, the victors had so diligently dese-
crated it, as to render the apartment in which it was
contained, too noisome to abide in.
" They permitted me also to acccnd into the stee-
ple, to see where it had been lightning-struck on the
Sabbath before, and to look out, east and south, on
wasted farms like those I had seen near the city ex-
tending till they were lost in the distance. Here, in
the face of tho pure day, close to the scar of Divine
wiath left by the thunderbolt, were fragments of
tood. with a bass drum and a steamboat signal-bell,
of which I afterward learned the use with pain.
"It was after nightfall, when I was ready to cross
the river on my return. The wind had freshened
since tne sunset, and the water beating roughly Jtito
my little boat, I headed higher up the stream than
the point Ihadieftm the morning, and landed where
a faint glimmeung light invited me to steer.
" Here, among the dock and rushes, sheltered only
by the darkness, without roof between them and the
sky, 1 came upon a crowd ot several hundred human
creatures, whom my movements roused from uneasy
slumber upon the ground.
•" Passing these ou my way to the light, I found it
came from a tallow candle m a paper funnel-shade,
such as is used by sti eet venders of apples and pea-
nuts, and which, flaring and sputtering away in the
hi oak air of the water, shone flickenngly on the ema-
ciated features of a man in the last stage of a bi'ious
lemittent fever. They had done their best for him.
Over his head was something like a tent made of a
sheet or two, and he rested on abut partially ripped-
open old straw mattress, with a hair sofa-cushion
under his head for a pillow. His gaping jaw and
glazing eye told how short a time he would monopo-
lize the^e luxuries; though a seemingly bewildered
and excited person, who might have been his wife,
seemed to find hope in occasionally forcing him to
swallow awkwardly measured sips of the tepid river
water from a burned and battered bitter-smelling
tin coffee-pot. Those who knew better had furnished
the apothecary he needed—a toothless old bald-head,
whose manner had the repulsive dullness of a familiar
with such secnes. lie, so long as I rem lined, mum-
bled in his patient's eara monstrousand nudancholy
player, between the pauses of which I heard the hic-
t up and sobbing of two little girls, who were sitting
up on a piece of drift-wood outside.
" Dreadful indeed was the suffering of these for-
saken beings. Cowed and cramped by cold and ^un-
burn alternating as each weary day andnight'dragged
I on, they were almost all of them the crippled victims
| of disease. Tney were there because they had no
i home, nor hospital nor poor-hou^e nor friends to offer
them any. They could not saiisfy the feeble crav-
ings of their sick ; they had not bread to quiet tho
fractious hunger-cries of their children. Mothers
and babes, daughters and graudparonts, all ot them
alike, were bivouacked in tatters, wanting even cov-
ering to comfort those whom the sick shiver ot fever
was searching to the mairow.
"XhejsC were Mormons, famishing in Lee county,
Iowa, in the fourth week of the month of September,
intheyear ofour Lord 1846. The city—it was Nauvoo,
Illinois—the Mormons were the owners of that city,
and tho smiling country round; and those who had
stopped their plows, who had silenced their hammers,
their axes, their shuttles and their workshop wheels;
those who had put out their fires, who had eaten their
food, spoiled their orchards and trampled underfoot
their thousands of acres of unharvested bread ; these
were the keepers of their dwellings, the carousers iu
their temple whose drunken riotinsulted the ears of
their dying.
/'I think it was as I turned from the wretched
night watch of which I have spoken that I first lis-
tened to the sounds of level of a party of the guaxd
withm the city. Abovethedistauthumof thevoices
of many occasionally arose di.st net the loud, oa'h-
tainted exclamation, and the falsely intonated scrap
of vulgar song; but lest this requiem should go un-
heeded, every now and then, wnen their boisurous
orgies strove to attain a sort of eestatic climax, a
cruel spirit of insulting frolic carried some of them
up into the high belfry of the temple steeple, and
there with the wicked childishnessof inebriate- they
whooped, and shrieked, and beat the drum that I had
seen, and rang in charivaric unison their loud-
tongued steamboat bell.
" They were all told not more than six hundred and
forty persons who were thus lying on the river flats.
But the Mormons in Nauvoo and its dependencies
had been numbered the year before at over twenty
thousand. Where were they? They had last been
seen carrying in mournful trains their sick and
wounded, halt and blind, to disappear behind the
western horizon, pursuing the phantom of another
home. Hardly anything else was known of them;
and people asked with curiosity what had been their
fate—what their fortunes?"
But I trust, sir, that atiy apprehensions of
such evils may not be prophetic. 1 trust so
because I know the deep-seated respect of ihe
Mormons for the forms of law, and because £
cannot for a moment believe that while the
wounds inflicted in the late national s'ruggle
are still unhealed, and while amnesty and con-
ciliation are the watchwords of all parties, and
while all men are inspired by a generous emu-
lation to excel in works of charity and forgive-
ness and to inaugurate a lasting reign of peace ;
I cannot believe, I say, that under these cir-
cumstanccs a majority of the people's Repre-
sentatives will deliberately so outrage the feel-
ings and violate the rights of the citizens of
Utah as to enact against them measures as
despotic as those which within our recollec-
tion gained for Poland the sympathies and
drew down on her oppressors the execration
of the whole unprejudiced portion of the civil-
ized world.
I trust, sir, that no member of this House
will vote on this bill without a careful examina-
tion of its provisions and of the changes which
it meditates on the map of the rpgion affected.
The boundaries of Utah, as will be seen at a
glance, are already those indicated by nature
as fitted to divide adjoining States, and its
limits are much less than those of any other
Territory. Its form is nearly square, and the
geographical centre is made conformable to the
probable centre of population. But this bill so
cuts and mangles the Territory as to diminish
its size to the point of insignificance and to
shear it of its fair proportions and utterly de-
stroy its symmetry. As though in very mockery
of the wishes of its inhabitants it is sought to
reduce it to a narrow strip of country running
north and south, containing only about twenty-
two thousand square miles, and even cutting
off from its northern frontier all the settlements
nearest to the Pacific railroad ; thus preventing
that great thoroughfare for which the citizens
of Utah have so ardently longed and winch
they have so cordially welcomed and have so
gladly assisted to build from even touching the
Territory within which it is intended to confine
them ! Are gentlemen afraid to allow a direct
contact between their own civilization and that
of Utah that they should thus seek to build up
artificial boundaries between the two and con-
