40®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOKS.
January 20,
tO amend the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas-. It cannot be in order. The two subjects,
it seems to me, are not germane.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
opinion of the Chair that a motion to take up
a bill is not amendable by moving to take up
another hill. The two propositions seem to
me to be entirely independent of each other,
and really the subject of two independent mo-
tions. The case is like that of a motion to
refer a bill to a committee. You cannot amend
that motion by moving to refer to another
committee, but you may make another motion
for reference, and then the' rule is that the
motion first made should be first put. It
strikfeg me that this is in the same nature.
The matter is entirely under the control of the
Seftote. If they refuse to take up this bill
they can then pass upon the next named, and
so on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the purpose of sub-
mitting my views upon this subject, and hav-
ing it settled—-I do not care which way it is
settled—I appeal froni the decision of the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The decis-
ion of the Chair being appealed from, the
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as thejndgment of the Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to repeat what I
said a moment ago, that it is entirely imma-
terial to me personally which way the Senate
decide this question, except that it is desirable
that we should decide it in conformity to the
principles of parliamentary law. We have no
rule which declares that amendments to prop-
ositions in this body shall be germane, as they
have in the House of Representatives. We
have never had such a rule. We are, there-
fore, remitted to the general principles of par-
liamentary law in order to understand this
question, and upon that subject I read from
Jefferson's Manual for the information of the
Senate:
"If an amendment he proposed inconsistent with
one already agreed to it is a lit ground for its rejection
by the House, but not witlnn the competence of the
Speaker to suppress as if it were against order; for
were he permitted to draw questions of consistence
within the vortex of order, he might usurp a negative
on important modifications, a.nd suppress instead of
subserving thelegislative will.
" Amendments may he made so as totally to alter
the nature oi the proposition; and it is a way of get-
tins rid of a proposition, by making it bear a sense
different from what it was intended by the movers,
so that they vote against it themselves."
It is plain, therefore, upon parliamentary
precedent and parliamentary rule, that the
amendment which I have submitted is perfectly
in order, because not only upon the authority
that I have read, but upon the nature and
principle of the thing, every proposition prima
fade is-the subject of amendment, because it
is a proposal for the action of the legislative
will; and if it is the will of the Legislature
to change that proposition into something else
before they finally determine it they have the
right to do it. The only reason why a motion
simply to adjourn is not amendable is the fact
that the rules declare that when a motion to
adjourn is made no other motion shall be re-
ceived. When you turn to the express rules
of this body—I think 1 went a little too far in
saying a moment ago, if I did, that the express
rules were silent on the subject—you find the
question of amendment one of the propositions
that, it is in order to submit:
" When a question is underdebate no motion shall
be received, but"—
Then it enumerates a list of motions that
may bo made when a proposition is under
debate, and one of those is a motion to amend.
Now, the Senator from Kansas submits a ques-
tion. That question is under debate. It is a
question that the rules of the Senate permit
to be debated. Therefore the proposition of
the Senator from Kansas is within the express
letter of the rule, as one of those questions
under debate which is susceptible of amend-
ment and change, and it is not a question of
order for the Chair to determine what class of
amendments shall be received. It is a ques-
tion, as Jefferson's Manual declares with the
utmost propriety, of expediency for the good
sense of the body. Therefore, Mr. President,
I sincerely believe—and I remember one or
two instances when it has been done here, but
I do not aay it was done on a contest as to
whether it was in order or not—I sincerely
believe that the motion I have made is strictly
within parliamentary law.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the error of the
Senator from Vermont lies in this: the princi-
ples that he has laid down apply to business
before the Senate. This is a question of pro-
ceeding to business ; and you cannot substitute,
for a motion to take up a question or to pro-
ceed to business, a motion to proceed to other
business. If the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont is in order then the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Shebmax] can amend the
amendment, because under our rules we can
amend every amendment, if the amendment
is in order, and the first vote might be this
morning on the question moved by the Senator
from Ohio, to proceed with his railroad bill.
Yesterday, when this question was up, the
Senator from Vermont moved to amend it, and
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
moved to amend the amendment. Then the
question would not have been on the motion of
the Senator from Vermont, but on the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Nevada.
Let me state the case a little further. If the
Chair had entertained the motion of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, or should now entertain a
motion from the Senator from Ohio to amend
the amendment, and that should carry, and
then the Senate should adjourn, the next morn-
ing the question in order would be the unfin-
ished business ; and the unfinished business
would be a motion and not business, which is
inconsistent with our precedents and our rules.
The fact is that this Senate is a law unto itself,
and there never has been to my knowledge,
during the years I have been here, an instance
where, on a motion to take up and proceed to
business, you could substitute another by way
of amendment. I have never known thatdone.
Some Senators have been here longer than I
have, and they can state their experience.
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of the Senator,
if tlie Senate should adjourn on a simple mo-
tion to take up a bill would not the unfinished
business, on his argument, be a motion and not
business, just the same?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; if that was so,
the motion would have been in order this morn-
ing without my moving it, because we ad-
journed yesterday on the motion to take up
the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Why would it not be
unfinished business? Because it would fall?
Is that the reason ?
Mr. POMEROY. If it falls it is not unfin-
ished business.
Mr. CONKLING. Exactly; and that is the
reason.
_Mr. POMEROY. If it did not fall it would
still be the unfinished business.
Mr. CONKLING. The reason why the mo-
tion would not be unfinished business is, that
it falls ; and why does not the amendment fall
with it ?
Mr. POMEROY. The reason why it falls is,
that it is not business in which the Senate are
engaged j is on'y a question to proceed to
business ; and a practical question to proceed
to business is not amendable, and if it is not
acted upon it falls when the Senate adjourns.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is not a new ques-
tion. I recollect its having been raised in the
Senate before, and my recollection of it is that
it has uniformly been decided as the Chair has
now decided it, and for the reason that you
cannot pile one motion upon another. There
is no business before the Senate. A Senator
rises and moves to proceed to particular busi-
ness. The question must be takea upon that
; before another Senator can move to substitute
1 a motion that you proceed to other business.
The first question decides it. If the Senate
refuses to sustain the liiotio n of the Senator
from Kansas, then the other motion can fee
made by the Senator from Vermont; but the
Senator from Kansas is entitled to have a vote
upon his motion; and these motions, ii has
been decided always by the practice of the Sen-
ate, are not amendable. I do not know about
the rules, for really our rules are pretty much
the custom of the Senate. The President is
aware that we very seldom enforce the rules
of this body, such as we have. The principles
of courtesy and propriety have usually gov-
erned the members of the body, so that there
has been no oeeasion to enforce any of the
strict rales which have been adopted and might
be enforced in this body. But in regard to
this question of precedence in business we
have often had controversies, and I think it
has uuiformly been decided that a motion of
this kind was not amendable. I know there
have been some such decisions, and I think it
is the proper decision.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the
analysis made by the Senator from Kansas is
very clear and satisfactory. Indeed, I have
never known the case so well stated before.
He has brought to it his experience in this
body and his peculiar study of the rulss, hav-
ing had occasion to apply them so long iu the
chair. I cannot add anything to what he has
said in the way of reason ; but I may con-
tribute my testimony as to the usage of the
Senate, and I would say that from the first
time I came into this Chamber I have never
known such a motion as that of the Senator
from Vermont to prevail. I have known it to
be made more than once and brought under
consideration, but it always fell. I may say,
therefore, that the unbroken usage of the
Senate is precisely as has been stated and ex-
plained so well by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
saying that it always fell ? That it was dis-
agreed to ?
Mr. SUMNER. Either withdrawn or over-
ruled.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
"overruled ?"
Mr. SUMNER. Overruled by the Chair;
withdrawn or overruled. It never prevailed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, this per-
haps is as important business as we could lie
engaged in this morning, and we may as well
consider it a little further. The substance of
the proposition of the Senator from Kansas
and the Senator from Illinois and the Senator
from Massachusetts, two of whose opinions I
cannot help thinking are a little colored, un-
consciously to themselves, by the deep interest
they take in the patriotic duty of giving money
to this railroad company, is that a motion to
do something cannot be amended because it is
a motion. I challenge Senators to produce
any parliamentary law or any parliamentary
practice which holds any such doctrine, except
it be a motion to adjourn, as I have said, when
by the express letter of the Senate's rule it is
declared that no other motion shall be received
to amend or to do anything else.
Now the rules require that when any Sen-
ator submits a proposition of any kind any
other Senator or the Chair may require that
that proposition shall be put ill writing. Sup-
pose I had iisen when the Senator from Kan-
sas made his motion and said thai 1 (Icsncd
it to be put in writing, and it had been, ami
had been read from the Clerk's denu : "Re-
solved, that the Senate now proceed to
consideration of Senate bill oi such a tiuai-
ber," will Senators rise in their pLu us ami
say that it is not in order for another Senator
to rise and move to strike out certain words
in that resolution and insert others? It would
be a very extraordinary proposition if it were
so—one thatwas never heard of, I think, in
any parliamentary body before; and tin- v.h-,i >
error in which the honorable Senator fu>m
Kansas has fallen, if he has fallen into <« \ in
his own mind is that he supposes ix-eaiiM-
motion of this kind, being die propo-.ikiii
before the Senate at an adjournment, fall* wits,
the adjournment, therefore it is a proposition
that cannot be amended. I fail to see the lojjjc
