1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
they intended to effect by that clause of the
Constitution to which I have referred ?
I have heard it said, not here bat elsewhere,
that it was fairly attributable to the tenure-of-
offioe law that so much plundering has been
fracticed by officers during the last two years.
deny it. No thief, no swindler, no pecu-
lator has been kept in office a single day, to my
knowledge or to my belief, by the compulsion
of that law. Whether you give the President
the power to suspend or the power to remove,
plearly it -Rill not take a dishonest man out of
office unless the President exerts that power ;
and if he would not when the law said he might
suspend a dishonest officer, what right have
we to infer that he would have removed a dis-
honest officer if you had given him the power
to do so ? If he believed any one of his officials
was dealing dishonestly or unfaithfully with the
public funds, a simple edict of his would have
ended that infidelity in a moment, subjectonly
to the revision of the Senate. True, if the
Senate did not consent to his suspension, then
the officer would not have been removed ; but
even that would not have been the fault of the
tenure-of-offica bill so much as the fault of the
Senate.
But I remember only one single controversy
between the President and the Senate, or any
one Department of the Government, arising
la the administration of that law, and that
arose when the President undertook to remove,
not a postmaster or a collector, but to remove
a Secretary the head ot one of the executive
Departments. The Senate differed with the
President upon the propriety of that removal.
I diflered with the President upon the pro-
priety of that removal. I think the country
differed with him. I would suppose any man
would differ with him to-day upon the reasons
assigned for the removal, for it is matter of
history that the reason assigned for the re-
moval of Secretary Stanton was not that he
unfaithfully administered the laws, but it was
palpably because he too faithfully adminis-
tui ctl the laws of the United States. That was
the reasou assigned for his removal, and that
us the reason for which he was struck down.
The President told the countiy and told us
that he differed with the Secretary of War upon
that very jjoint. A certain statute had been
passed. The President vetoed it. It was
passed notwithstanding the veto. The Secre-
tary thought it should bo enforced, and said it
should be enforced. The President thought it
should not be enforced ; and he said, because
ol that difference between him and the Secre-
tary, because the Secretary wanted to enforce
the; law while he did not want the law enforced,
that was the reason why he sought to get rid of
that Secretary.
I do not remember when he appealed to us
tor permission to remove an officer for not
executing the laws and failed to secure the
assent ol the Senate. There may have been
some such case,_ but it did not sufficiently
attract my atteution to have made a lodgment
m my memory.
l*o, Mr. President, it is not necessary here
or elsewhere, in order to secure an efficient ad-
ministration of the laws, that the officer should
work under the consciousness that he is liable
to be removed from his office any minute. If
it is necessary to secure an honest discharge
of duty by a postmaster it is necessary in order
to secure an honest discharge of duty by a
judge ; atid yet for the discharge of that very
duty where you require the most conscientious-
ness the Constitution has stepped in and secured
the most independence. Honest discharge of
judicial duty is felt to be of the highest inter-
est to everybody in the country, and to secure
an honest discharge of judicial duty and as a
means of securing it the Constitution has ex-
pressly put the judge beyoud the power of
removal except tor cause, which shall be de-
termined by the highest judicial tribunal in the
Mr. President, I have occupied more time i
than I intended to do when I arose. I am op- I
posed to the repeal of the tenure-of-office act.
1 am opposed to the modification of the tenure-
of-office act reported by the committee, but if
that modification can be amended by placing
the high officer? of the country under the same
protection and immunity that the low ones are ;
if a Secretary of State can be placed upon the
sa,me footing as a collector of customs, I am
content with every other modification proposed
by the committee, and will support it.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I do not
intend to trespass upon the time of the Senate,
but I wish to say a few words in reference to
this bill, and before I say those words I desire
to make it known I have not the slightest want
of confidence in the President-elect. I share
the confidence which the country seems to have
placed in that officer. I believe in every posi-
tion in which he has been placed before the
country he has justified the confidence which
the people expressed in his election. There
is no man in America in whose hands I would
sooner place unlimited power. He was my
early choice for President of the United States,
and he will have my humble support so long
as he remains true to the principles of the party
which elected him. It is not therefore because
I have any want of confidence in his disposi-
tion, his capacity, or his ability to manage the
Government that I shall give my voice against
the repeal of the tenure-of-office act.
I fear, sir, that we are exercising a little too
much enthusiasm at this time. We are all so
glad that we have got out of the Bed sea of
our troubles that we are ready to go forward
with an expression of unlimited confidence in
any Executive we may hereafter have, think-
ing that, nothing can be so bad as the past.
Now, I believe that if the tenure-of-office act
had been passed twenty years ago it would
have been vastly better for the country. I be-
lieve that it should have been passed twenty
years ago ; and that had it been passed at that
period we should now be in a much better con-
dition than we are, and the whole service of
the country would be in a better condition than
it is. The tendency of our Government is to
concentrate power in the hands of the Execu-
tive; and I believe that the wisest policy is to
place the power of removals where it seems to
lie, in the Constitution; that whereas the usage
of the Government for the last twenty-five
years has been to let the President exercise
the power of removal, it is contrary to the
spirit with which the Constitution was framed.
The nation has paid sufficient tribute to the
President-elect to render it needless for the
Congress to add anything to that tribute. It is
unnecessary for the American Congress to-day
to say that they have faith in General Grant,
lie needs no such addition to the laurels which
have crowned his brow. The country has given
au expression of such confidence in his charac-
ter as has been expressed with regard to no
other man of the present time. 1 believe that
if we pass the bill repealing the tenure-of-office
act the time will come when we shall regret it,
though we may not during the administration
of General Grant. We may come to a time
when we shall want this power back in the
hands where it is now placed, and iu view of a
time when we may be in that position it is wise
to ask the question whether we shall have the
power to get it back.
When the tenure-of-office act was passed
the Republican party was in a tremendous
majority in Congress ; they could do what they
pleased. But suppose the Republican party
happen to go, not perhaps into a minority, but
to have their majority reduced to any consid-
erable degree, I ask what are the chances of
passing the tenure-of-office act again? What
are the probabilities that you could resist the
influences of executive power and pass this
law again? While there is probably in the
future, at any rate in the immediate future
of perfect harmony between the Administra-
tion which is to come into power and the Con-
gress which is to come into existence on the
4th of March—while there is no danger of a
collision as to the appointments which sht.ll
be made in the civil or military service—I think
it wise to hold on to that check upon the ex-
ecutive power which we have at present. I
believe that-it works no hardship to any offi-
cer of the Government. I believe that it is a
healthy and wholesome check upon the exec-
utive power, and I believe the country will so
regard it.
I am opposed, too, to these exercises of
legislative power for special cases. The law
was passed, to be sure, in view of a special
case ; it was passed at a time when there was
perhaps a special necessity for it, but the prin-
ciple on which it was based was none the less
universal in its application because it had never
been applied before. It does not seem to me
that it is too much to ask of the Executive when
he removes a public officer that he should give
a good reason for such removal; that he should
not have the power, if he had the inclination,
to remove a public officer because he did not
agree with him in some special private opinion
of his, or some particular point of public policy;
and yet we know from the experience of the
past that the removals for mere differences of.
political opinion have been ten where there
has been one for any malfeasance in office.
We know that from the time when the maxim
was announced "to the victors belong the
spoils," the key to employment in public office
has been a strict adherence to the particular
political theories and principles of the Execu-
tive.
Now, while the harmonious working of the
civil service demands that there should be a
certain harmony of views and a certain agree-
ment in principte among those who administer
the Government, there are hundreds and thou-
sands of offices all over the land where the
political opinions of a man are of no sort of
value, have no sort of relation to the correct
or incorrect performance of his duties, but
where it is entirely immaterial whether he
belongs to my party or yours, to the party of
the President or the party of Congress. To
give to the President the power of removing
any and all these men because they do not
change front when he chooses to change,
because they do not see fit to obey his individ-
ual whim or caprice, is a power which, itseems
to me, it is better not to give him unless there
is some special necessity for giving it. The
reasoning which would take away this check
on the Executive would lead to concentrating
all power in the hands of the Executive. If
you give to the Executive and insist upon it
that he shall have the power to remove at his
will or at his whim, the same reasoning will
lead you to say that all the Executive power
of the Government should be concentrated in
his hands.
Sir, I said when I rose that I did not intend
to detain the Senate. I did not intend to
speak on this subject at all; but as I have
paired off with an honorable Senator who is
not in the Senate to-day I wished to express in
a few words my views in regard to this matter.
If there is anything which would make it spe-
cially objectionable to me to pass this repeal-
ing act at this time, it is simply because we
are on the eve of the incoming Administration.
I dislike that appearance of falling down be-
fore the rising sun. I would not throw out an
insinuation that there is any gentleman on this
floor who considers that question for a mo-
ment ; but I say for myself, if I voted for the
proposition it would to me have the appear-
ance as though I were governed somewhat by
a desire to pander to the whim or the wish of
the President-elect. I do not say that that
is the fact with any gentleman; I do not say
that if I were going to vote for this bill that
would control me; I say simply that it has
that appearance. I would prefer to have this
measure put ofl until the Administration had
been in power long enough for us to be able
to say justly that we believe that during this
Administration, at least, there will be no neces-
sity for the exercise ot the check which the
