244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Extension of Boundaries—Mr. Hooper.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
fine the latter within a Chinese wall of territo-
rial limits? Were the question of Mormonism
not involved, or some other appealing equally
to special prejudice, I do not hesitate to say
that a map thus disfigured with mutilations
would not for a moment be contemplated with
favor. Will the members of this House allow
this prejudice so to overcome their judgment
and sense of justice as to blind them to the
enormity of the proposed change? I do not
believe it.
Moreover, to accomplish the end in view
the boundaries of three States and four Terri-
tories are also to be changed, and one Territory
is to be blotted from existence; in fact it is
as though a legislative earthquake had pre-
vailed upon the map and so transposed the
parts that each could scarcely identify any
longer that which formerly belonged to it. The
States of Nebraska and Minnesota, already
containing the one sixty thousand square miles
and the other fifty thousand square miles, are
each to be nearly doubled in size ; while Ne-
vada, containing one hundred and eight thou-
sand square miles, is given some twenty-two
thousand square miles now belonging to Utah
and containing some ten thousand of its peo-
ple. An even larger amount of population is
to be transferred to Wyoming, a Territory now
without local government and nearly destitute
of inhabitants except the transient settlers
drawn there by the work on the railroad ; while
a generous slice is appropriated to Colorado,
though six hundred miles from its capital and
all practical local government. But the authors
of the bill hope, it is said, to gain some votes
for the measuie by reason of this wholesale
mutilation, to make which legal the consent
of three State Legislatures must be obtained
beside that of Congress. By giving to the
States of Nevada and Minnesota and Nebraska
additional territory it is claimed that the Rep-
resentatives of those States on this floor will
be brought to sustain the bill. This may be
so, sir; were those States now small in size I
could understand the temptation on the part
of their Representatives to plead local interest
in extenuation of an act violative of real justice;
and particularly in the ease of that State which,
lying contiguous to Utah, would absorb a large
portion of its industrious population to assist
in paying the taxes already so onerously bear-
ing on her citizens. But if these gentlemen
are at present swayed by an argument of self-
interest like this it cannot be that they have
reflected on the great injustice inflicted on the
people thus expatriated; for while Utah, by
industry and economy has thus far escaped all
territoiial indebtedness, the citizens thus forci-
bly transferred—sold liice serfs with the soil
they till—would be made responsible for obli-
gations they never incurred, and in fact com-
pelled to pay the debts contracted by their
neighbors. Surely no man's sense of right can
be so blunted as to permit his approval of a
wrong like this.
No ; the end sought by this measure is not
the promotion of justice nor the benefit, of the
region affected. It is the destruction of an
obnoxious system of religious faith through
the temporal ruin of its disciples. That it
would result as intended of course I do not
believe ; for all the persecutions of the Mor-
mons thus far have eventuated in the increase
of their prosperity. It is true still, as it ever
has been, that the blood of the martyrs is the
seed of the church. But if it were possible
thus to extinguish Mormonism in the United
States it could only be done by the expatria-
tion of the entire people. Similar things have
been done in other ages and lands, it is true,
but at what fearful cost ? A hundred thousand
of the citizens of France were destroyed and
expelled during the great religious contests of
that country in a single century ; and the result
was the emigration of the best of her scholars
and artisans to Holland and Britain and Amer-
ica, and the ingrafting upon the learning and
industry of those countries and the rapid
growth under the influence of free institutions
of those sciences and useful arts that have con-
tributed so greatly to their glory and prosperity.
But can such a thing, in this age of enlighten-
ment, occur in free and tolerant America ?
Can this Republic institute oppressive measures
against her own citizens for the purpose of
driving them weeping from her soil ? Is it pos-
sible that she can be so indifferent to.the growth
of new States, to the increase of population,
to the production of material wealth, as delib-
erately to wage war on a whole community like
thatof Utah, whichhas so triumphantly demon-
strated its power of self-support and self-gov-
ernment? I am confident, sir, that this cannot
be ; and in order that the people of the coun-
try and their Representatives may not be igno-
rant of the true character and history of the
people against whose prosperity the measure
is directed I must be pardoned for a rapid
review of their past record and their present
condition.
At the-early history of the Mormons I shall
but glance. Their expulsion from Missouri and
from Illinois will in after times constitute one
of the darkest, the most painful, and most
shameful chapters in American history. Long
before a suspicion existed of their practice of
polygamy they were driven from State to State
by the bigotry and avarice of their neighbors,
who impiously coveted their valuable improve-
ments while their piety could not tolerate a
difference in religious faith. I trust there is
no such feeling in the land to-day. And every-
where as this persecuted people in search of
freedom of conscience planted colony after
colony on the frontiers of civilization did they
establish monuments of their industry and in-
telligence which were the wonder of all behold-
ers. In Missouri they introduced implements
of culture and mills for grinding grain and laid
the corner-stone, which still remains, of a tem-
ple to be reared for the worship of the ever-
living God. Their industrial achievements in
Illinois are well known; and not even mob
violence and the ravages of time and the ele-
ments have been able yet to obliterate the evi-
dences of their industry and skill. After the
bloody extinction of their hopes in that State
they turned their faces again westward, re-
solved, like the Israelites of old, to dare even
the terrors of the unexplored wilderness and
the tender mercies of the beasts of prey rather
than longer trust to the charity and justice of
their fellow-Christians.
With this stern resolve they crossed par-
tially-settled Iowa in 1846. Being scantily
clad and but poorly provisioned, many per-
ished by the way. The close of the autumn
found them encamped upon the banks of the
Missouri, in what was then called the Potta-
watomie country. Here they wintered, laying
out the town now known as Council Bluffs.
In the spring of 1847, when preparing to send
forward their pioneers to seek out a home and
a route thereto, the L'nited States Government-
called upon the Mormons for a battalion of
five hundred men to aid in vindicating its honor
in the conflict with Mexico. In spite of the
sacrifice involved in a compliance with this
call there was no hesitation in the response,
and the men promptly volunteered. They
made the march across the continent under
the command of Colonel Philip St. George
Cooke, and were honorably discharged in
southern California the following year. The
congratulatory order of Colonel Cooke is full
of the most unqualified testimony to their
patriotism, subordination, endurance, and gen-
eral good conduct, and I invite its perusal by
all who still credit the injurious calumnies with
which we have been assailed :
[Order 1S0. 1.]
he vdqitarters mormon battalion',
Mission" op San Diego, January 30,1817.
The lieutenant colonel commanding congratulates
the battalion on their safe arrival on the shore of the
Pacific ocean and the conclusion of its march of over
two thousand imles. History may be searched in
vain tor an equal march of infantry. Kine tenths
of it has been through a wilderness where nothing
but savages and wild beasts aie found, or deserts
where, tor want of water, there is no living creature.
There with almost hopeless lo,bor we have dug deep
wells, which the future traveler will enjoy. Without
a guide who had traversed them we have ventured
into trackless prairies where waterwas not found fo?
several marches. With crowbar and pick and ax in
hand, wc have worked oar way over mountains which
seemed to defy aught save the wild goat, and hewed
a passage through a chasm of living rock more nar-
row than our wagons. To bring these first wagons
to the Pacific we have preserved the strength of the
mules by herding them over large traets, which you
have laboriously guarded withoutloss. Thegarrisons
of four presidios of Sonora concentrated within the
walls of Tucson gave us no peace. We drove them
out with their artillery ; but our intercourse with the
citizens was unmarked by a single act of injustice.
Thus marching, half naked and half fed, and living
upon wild animals, we have discovered and made a
road of great value to our country.
Arrived at the first settlement of California, after
a single day's rest you cheerfully turned off from the
route to this point of promised repose to enter upon
a campaign and meet, as we believed, the approach
of the enemy; and this, too, without even salt to
season your sole subsistence of fresh meat.
Lieutenant A. D. Smith and George Stoncman, of
the first dragoons, have shared and given you valu-
able aid in all these labors.
Thus, volunteers, you have exhibited some high
and essential qualities of veteran?. But much re-
mains undone. Soon you will turn your strict atten-
tion to tne drill, to system and order, to forms also,
which are all necessary to the soldier.
By order of Lieutenant Colon el P. St. George Cooke:
P. C. MERRILL, Adjutant.
Returning eastward these men found their
families in the great basin of the Salt lake.
The advance-guard of the Mormon emigration
reached Salt Lake valley on July 24, 1847,
selected the present site of Salt Lake City,
built a fort of some strength as a protection
against the Indians, and planted some root
crops, a portion of which partially matured.
A few of these pioneers under the lead of
President Young returned to the Missouri river
the same fall, leaving the majority to plow and
plant during the following season. Their sub-
sistence thiough the entire winter was iii part
a root growing wild and pointed out by the
Indians as capable of supporting life. The
few cereals and roots brought with them were
saved for planting, for such were the diffi-
culties of transportation through the eleven
hundred miles of mountains and deserts they
traversed that it was with the greatest diffi-
culty they could bring the necessary imple-
ments and grains and roots for seed. No white
man save Colonel James Bridger, a trapper
at Fort Bridger, and a mountaineer named
Goodyear, was found in the region, conse-
quently the Mormon pioneers were undisputed
masters of the country, with no neighbors ex-
cept the wild and degraded Utah and Shoshone
Indians, whose friendship was courted for the
sake of peace and has always been retained
through a policy of liberality and justice. The
opinion of Colonel Bridger was expressed that
it was impossible to raise grain in that region
and that immigration to the "great basin''
would be followed by starvation. Nevertheless,
trusting in the Providence of God and remem-
bering the persecutions of man, the community
resolved to dare the alternative.
When the bulk of the immigration reached
the valley in 1848 they found that much had
been raised for their support, besides a large
percentage preserved for seed. Rations of
bread were issued and used, and the people
were again in acondition of comparative safety
and comfort. The march of 1848, as may'be
supposed, was attended with great hardships.
The immigrants were deficient in transporta-
tion, and suffered from a scarcity of provisions
and the severe toils of the journey. Great
mortality resulted from disease, old age, and
other causes, and it was said that the trail of
the Mormons could be followed in 1849 by
the graves of the dead they had left on their
route. Yet it is worthy of note that, during
that, pilgrimage of four months' duration
neither the spinning-wheel nor the loom ceased
to do its work, the large wagon and the slow
