1869.
THE 00iSF&RESSI 0 M AL • GLOM.
imi
tenure-of-office bill has proven to be upon the
Executive. But not with the consent of my
judgment, not in accordance with my notions
of what the proper course of policy is, will the
tenure-of-office bill be removed. I am quite
willing that the amendment proposed by the
committee should be adopted. I do not wish
to eurb the President in the power of choosing
those gentlemen who are to be his confiden-
tial advisers. I therefore sympathize with the
amendment which has been presented by the
committee, and if I were at liberty, to vote at
all I should vote for that amendment; and I
trust that it may pass.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
desire to detain the Senate long. For seventy-
eight years the Government was administered
without a tenure-of-office law. Ho OBe seems
during that long period of time to have thought
it necessary to ever propose a law of the kind.
First one party was in power and then another
party was in power ; but 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ascertain
whether it is probable or is the design that this
matter should be finished to-night? If. not, it
is about time we should adjourn. I do not
feel disposed to stay here any longer unless it
is the purpose to pass the bill to-night, and I
presume my friend from Indiana would rather
speak on Monday morning than now. It is
now quarter past four, and if we do not intend
to sit out this bill to-night we had better ad-
journ. For the sake of testing it, as nobody
makes any objection, I suggest whether it would
not be better to adjourn, and leave this matter
the unfinished business for Monday?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be glad if it
were not Saturday evening and I were well, to
have the debate continued until we came to a
vote ; but I am entirely unable, as I have said,
to address the Senate to-day; but I should
hope that on Monday Senators would come
here with the expectation of staying until the
bill is finished, and I hope they will not have
to stay beyond the usual time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, Mr, President,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana give way for that motion? 1
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust we shall close this
bill to-night. Every Senator must have made
up his mind upon it-
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator who has
charge of the bill says that he wishes to be
heard on the subject, and he is totally unable
to address the Senate to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. We all know that the
Senator from Vermont is opposed to the bill
as it came from the House of Representatives.
The amendment proposed by the committee
is—1 do not like to speak disparagingly of it—
of no importance. If the tenure-ot-office act
is not to be repealed it is hardly worth while
to tinker with it or to change it or to leave off
a few Cabinet officers. The real bill is the
bill sent to us by the other Bouse proposing
to repeal the tenure-of-.office law. I am pre-
pared to vote on it, and do not intend to speak
on thesubjeet. lamwillingtostay liereto-night
and dispose of it. Monday has already been
set aside for general business in regard to the
finances ; Tuesday is occupied, Wednesday is
occupied, and then there are the appropriation
bills. Now, I appeal to Seuators whether, if
if we do not intend to crowd the whole legis-
lation of Congress into a very few days, we had
not better dispose of so simple a question as the
repeal of the tenure-of-office law, a question we
have debated here for three years, on which
every Senator must have made upbis mind. The
bill sent to us contains but two or three lines;
there is no qestion of detail about it. I trust,
therefore, we can have a vote on it. I do not
wish to discuss it, but I shall vote against the
adjournment, without desiring to interfere with
the management of the bill and hoping that it
will be disposed of to-day.
Mv. FESSENDEN. I shall probably vote
precisely as the Senator from Ohio says he
will vote upon this bill, and I am ready to vote
now j but it is perfectly manifest that other
gentlemen are not ready to vote. The-honor-
able Senator from Indiana has risen to address
the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I shall take but a few
moments.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Indi-
ana does not wish to delay the vote.
Mr. MORTON. If a vote can be had I
will yield at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ver-
mont who has eharge of the bill, and who
unquestionably is in favor of the law as it
stands, and opposed to the repeal, informs the
Senate that he would be very glad to go on to-
night, but that he is utterly unable to do so.
In my judgment, it is no answer to say to him
that inasmuch as he is opposed to the bill, it
is of no consequence whether he is accommo-
dated or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Although I shall prob-
ably vote against him. anless he convinces me,
or somebody else does that I am wrong about
it, I am for allowing the same privilege and
courtesy to those who vote differently from
myself that I should claim for myself under
similar circumstances. Therefore, I do not
think myself that, against his wishes, when he
states the condition of his health, it would be
exactly decent to say "We will, notwithstand-
ing, vote upon this bill, became we propose to
vote against him."
Under the circumstances, I think it is no
more than fair to adjourn, although I am ex-
ceedingly anxious to go on, and as desirous as
anybody can be of getting business along as fast
as possible. I do not make the motion on toy
own account. I rose simply to inquire whether
it was the purpose of the Senate to sit this bill
out to-night. If so, I have no objection individ-
ually to remaining; but my friend from Ver-
mont has. I will, therefore, with the permission
of the Senator from Indiana, as it is Saturday
afternoon, make a motion that the Senate do
now adjourn, with a view of leaving this bill as
the unfinished business for Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays, with a view to get the sense
of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Maine, to withdraw his motion long enough to
allow me to make a motion for a recess. Let
us go home, get our dinners, and come back
at seven or half past seven.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we cannot have a
recess. It is Saturday afternoon, and Sena-
tors are not disposed to come here on Satur-
day night. If the Senate is disposed to do
further business I will move an executive ses-
sion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All this is out of order.
I moved an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn is pending, and on this motion the
Senator from Ohio calls for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to say
["Order!'' "Order!"] that I do not want
my vote to be construed as against the meas-
ure. I vote for the motion out of courtesy
to the Senator from Vermont. [".Order!"
" Order!"]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 37, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Conkling, Crasin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Fcssenden, Fowler, Frelmghuysen.Srim es,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe. KelloEg, McCreery,
McDonald, Morgan, Norton, Osborn, Patterson of
Tennessee. Ramsey. Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sprague,
Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, V ickers,
Willey, and Williams—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Colo, Corbett, Nye. Pom-
eruy.Piobertson, Sherman, Spencer, Sumuer, Thayer,
Wafie. Warner, anrl Wilson—13.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Conness,
Drake, Ferry, Henderson, llendrieks, Morrill ot
M.iine*. MoYriil of Vermont, Morton. Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pool, Sauisbury, Welch, Whyte,
and Yates—16.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 20,1859. ^
The House met at fcw«lv® o'clock m. Prayer
by the Qhaplain, Rev*. 0. B. Bot^tok.
The Journal of yesterday was." read and
approved.
kem0val op disabilities. ,
'' Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Elections a bill (EC. ft.
No. 1988) to relieve certaiA'pfersons therein
named from tlie legal and political disabilities
imposed by the. fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and Second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
contested-election, new mexico. .
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the question of privilege pend-
ing at the adjournment yesterday-afternoon,
being the resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections in the New Mexico con-
tested-election case of Chaves vs. Clever. On
this question the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Pettis] is entitled to the floor, having
lorty-one minutes of bis hour remaining.
Mr. PETTIS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian.]
memphis, el paso; and pac1jic railroad.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
be permitted to report from the Committee on
the Public Lands and put on its passage a bill
to grant tbe right of way to the Memphis, El
Paso, and Pacific, Railroad and Telegraph Com-
pany from El Paso, Texas, to the Pacific ocean.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] who
objected to this proposition yesterday, has con-
sented to withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
to report from the Committee on the Public
Lands the bill he has named ?
Mr. LOAN. I object.
Mr. J ULIAN. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
move to suspend the rules, unless the question
of privilege now before the House be first post-
poned.
Mr. PETTIS. I resume the floor.
ELECTION CONTEST CHAVES VS. CLEVRIt.
The resolutions reported from the Commit-
tee of Elections were read as follows:
Resolved. That Hon. Charles P. Clever is not enti-
tled to a, seat in the Fortieth Congress as a Delegate
from the Territory of New Mexico.
Mesolved. That Hon. J. Franciseo-Chavesis en titled
to a seat in the Fortieth Congress as aDelegate from
the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. PETTIS resumed and concluded the
remarks begun by him on Thursday last. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. CLEVER addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
members absent without leave.
The SPEAKER (at one o'clock p. m.)said:
The hour of one o'clock having arrived, the
Sergeant-at-Arms will, pursuant to tbe order
adopted by the House last nightv present at the
bar members who were absent without leave.
The Clerk will read the resolution adopted last
evening.
The Clerk read as follows i
Resolved, That theSergeant-at-Arroshedirected to
bring the members now absent without leave before
the bar of the House at one o'clock to-morrow, (.Sat-
urday, February 20.1869.) or ss soon thereafter as
possible, and that they shall then be required to show
cause why they should not be declared in contempt
of the House, and abide the further order of tne
House.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and an-
nounced that in pursuance of the order of tbe
House he had arrested and had at the bar of
the House Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Gary,
Chaxler. Edwakds, Fox, Frexcii, Golladay,
Grisv.'old, Hci.bued, Humphrey, Kellooo,
Kitches, Marvin-, McCfllocgh, McKee,
Moore. Myers, Orth, Perham, Penis, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Stokes, and Stephen' P, Wil-
son.
