470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Conn ess, Corbett, Fe?sendcn, Fowler, Grimes, Har-
ris, Henderson, Hendricks, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ram-
sey, Saulsburp, Spencer, Sprague, Tipton, Welch,
and Yates—22.
So the motion of Mr. Pomeeoy was not
agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersojt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. JSTo.
1558) to amend an act entitled "An act to
prescribe the mode of obtaining -evidence in
cases of contested elections,'' approved Feb-
ruary^, 1851, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
has appointed Mr. H. L. Dawes of Massachu-
setts, Mr. Samuel McKek of Kentucky, and
Mr. J. W. Chanxer of New York, managers
at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H R. No. 1624) to preserve
the purity of elections in the several Terri-
tories of the United States ; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
evidence in contested elections.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1558) to amend an
act entitled "An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions," approved February 19, 1851, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives, and
On motion by Mr. CONKLING, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed t\  by tho House of
Representatives, and a&ree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thorcon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tho Sen-
ate be appointed by tbe President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Conkling, Mr, Fkelixghuyse.y, and Mr.
vickers.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1024)" to preserve the
purity of elections iu the several Territories of
the United States was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, in relation to the outstanding indebt-
edness that lias been accruing for several years
on account of Indian service in California;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary^ of the Interior, communicating
an estimate of an appropriation required to pay
the expenses of a special agent to take the
census of the North Carolina Cherokees, in
accordance with the act of July 27, 1868; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the Piesident of the United States, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of December 19, 1868, information
in reference to the alleged payment of rent for
the use of the building known as Libby prison
ui Richmond, Virginia; which was referred to
tho Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, recommending a repeal
of so much of the sixty-first article of war as
provides that officers having brevets may take
place in courts-martial and on detachments
when composed of different corps, according
to the rank given them in brevetswhich was
referred to tho Committee on Military Affairs.
message fkom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
' ;-es, bv Mr. McPuersox, its Clerk, announced
"y> the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
l-ji'.j) to restrict and regulate tile franking
privilege; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
to
CHARTERING OF RAILROAD COMPANIES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that tlie Sen
ate proceed to the consideration of the railroadj
bill, the bill (S. No. 5-51) to promote commerei
among the States, and to cheapen the trans-
portation of the mails and of militaiVand nayal
stores.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With a view
stand what tbe Senate desire to do, not tSat I
am unwilling to consider the Senator's bill,
which is a new one and has been reported only
a little while, I oppose this motion, and ven-
ture to express the hope that the Senate will
not take up this bill. If they fail to take it up
I shall then, if I can get the floor, move to
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 6d.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am very willing to give
the Senator from Vermont an opportunity to
address the Senate upon his proposition; but
notice_ has been given that next week these
financial questions will be taken up for con-
sideration, and the honorable Senator then will
have an ample opportunity to discuss the merits
of his proposition. He can do it upon the bill
of the Committee on Finance, or he can do it
in the shape of an amendment; and every other
gentleman who desires to make a speech upon
the finances of the country can then, with great
propriety, discuss that question. It seems to
n^e that as we are to take up the whole subject
at that time, we had better now proceed with
some other business, and let the consideration
of all these financial matters go over until next
Monday, when probably the bill reported from
the Finance Committee will be taken up for con-
sideration by the Senate; and for that reason,
without wishing to be understood as expressing
any opinion upon the merits of the Senator's
proposition, I shall vote against taking up his
resolution at this time, and I shall vote in favor
of the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand, from liis
speech, that my friend from Oregon is opposed
to the consideration of the question which I
have brought to the notice of the Senate as to
what public honor and public faith require us
to say to our creditors. There would be some
force in what he ?ays as to the propriety of
considering the measure now, or acting upon it,
if we felt sure that the funding bill—if it can be
called such—reported from the Committee on
lunance, would pass this body and would pass
the other House. But from our experience
with funding bills reported here we have no
such assurance; and therefore if the propo-
sition which I have submitted, and which I
supposed had been settled, so far as the will of
the people was concerned, in the last election,
is one that ought to be adopted ; onethat pub-
lic faith and public policy require to be adopted
as the very foundation upon which prosperity
is to go on—if the funding bill to which it
should be added as an amendment should fail,
where should we be left? We should be left
just where we are now, with the question open
tor agitation at the next election two years
hence, with all the evils which flow from un-
certainty as to wnat the public faith is pledged
to do.
But, sir, I do not wish to enter into the mer-
its of the_ question, and, of course, I ought not
to do so in this discussion. I only allude to it
so lar as to show that if the Senate is disposed
to say that the public debt shall be paid in coin,
if we are to say it with any certainty, of its
becoming tho action of Congress, we must doit
in a separate proposition.
To be sure, if worse comes to worse, it might
be offered as an amendment to some other bill -
but gentlemen then would say, the Senator him-
self 1 have no doubt would say, that that would
embarrass the bill; that it was not necessarily
connected with the bill; and Senators would
be urged to vote against the proposition upon
thf3 STiPPlAnc crrr nr>^ +V of nUl>n.i . i
5)6 sound. ' All I wish to do now is to get the
. 'opinion of tbe Senate whether they are willing
to consider a proposition that has been before
this body for a twelvemonth, and the sub-
stance of which-, although considerably short
of the point to which it ought to have come,
has been reported favorably by the Committee
on Finance. That is what I wish to know;
and I repeat again, in reply to th© Senator from
Oregon, that I do not ask the Senate to take
up this matter to accommodate me. 1 ask
them to take" it up as a duty to their States and
to the people, as a matter of preservation to
the public faith, as a wise step of public policy
which shall precede any new appeal to the
creditors of the United States to lend to us
again. That is the ground on which I ask
action.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I am
of opinion that the bill named yesterday by the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] ought to be taken up and considered,
because it has been very much debated in this
body, and I think it is but just to the persons
interested that we should settle the question
one way or the other. I did not vote, however,
to take it up ; I did not vote at all, and for the
reason that it happened to be antagonized with
the resolution of the honorable Senator from
Vermont, and I was unwilling to give any vote
that by implication might lead to the idea that
I was opposed to considering that resolution,
which 1 deem to be of the greatest importance.
Had that bill been antagonistic with almost
any other question before the Senate I should
have voted to take it up for the purpose of
having it eons.dered out of a sense of justice
to those interested.
Sir, we had an address this morning from
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance, telling us what we had to do at this
session, how much was left undone, and how
little lime we had iu which to perfect bills that
must be passed before the adjournment of
Congress. I concur with the views that he
expressed in reference to that matter. I think
we ought, as far and as fast as possible, to take
up and consider these bills which are essential
to carrying on the Government during the next
year. But what is the commentary that mv
honorable friend from Ohio makes upon that
statement? It is a motion to take up a wholiv
new bill, a child of his own, which has at least
been brought before the Senate through the
agency of a special committee appointed for
that purpose, which has never been considered
in this body, which involves at least one verv
important, and intricate question of law, and
must necessarily lead to prolonged debate in
this body and prolonged debate in the other
House if it is to pass at all under any circum-
stances. It is a bill that evidently antagonizes
so many people and so many interests that it
must of course take up a good deal of time,
and then fail of becoming a law at this Con-
gress: for Intake it a bill of that kind, new as
it is, involving a new principle and antago-
nizing so many great interests of this country
cannot pass except atter a prolonged discus-
sion, after much heat and much debate. Under
such circumstances to move to take up that
bill is, in my mind, exceedingly at war with
that wtiiek we were told by the honorable Sen-
ator himself this morning in reference to the
business of this body and the short time left
lor us to do it.
Under these circumstances, therefore. I can-
not vote to take up that bill, and I deem it
important, exceedingly important, that the res-
olution, or the substance of the resolution,
submitted by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont a year ago should be considered by this
body. It becomes important because it has
been submitted to the body. The question is
before the country, and the question
i , . , ,   is one in
he specious ground that although it mighTbe i we r7f, }' d?®ply i,Uerestpd5 a"d  '
right in itself it ought not to be entangled wifl? j J I °,co,,s,der «  " inference will be
other subjects. I should expect to hear that !! ment'wn I T1- "ec,"?anly> ln my Jud£-
froni the Senator from Ohio, the chairman of ! with !-,.(• 8 mJ,ul7 Hie public mmd
the committee. The view might or mirht   i'.lt'orcuce to lJle intentions of Congress m
view rmgnt or might not || relation to our public debt. I believe, then,
