1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
14S3
A joint resolution (H. K. No. 452) for the
relief of Leonard Pierce, jr., late United States
consul at Matamoras; and
A joint resolution (H. B. No. 459) author-
izing the Secretary of War to allow to the New
York and Oswego Midland Railroad Company
.j Z wq~ 4.v «a.V u V/WUUpOrUJ
a right ot way across a portion of the public
ground at Fort Ontario, Oswego, New York,
for railroad purposes.
The message further informed the House
that bills of the following titles, not haying been
returned by the President within ten days, had
become laws:
An act (H. R. No. 1856) to establish a cer-
tain post road in the State of Connecticut:
and
An act (H. R. No. 1861) to establish a cer-
tain post road in the State of Connecticut.
CONTESTED ELECTION—NEW MEXICO.
The House resumed the consideration of the
contested-election case from the Territory of
New Mexico, upon which Mr. Pettis was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a question ?
Mr. PETTIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. PILE. I desire to ask the gentleman
who has charge of this case if it is true that
the controlling fact or facts upon which the
committee make up their opinion in this case
are supported only by the testimony of the
person whose letter has been read?
Mr. PETTIS. I am glad the gentleman has
asked me the question. I will answer him by
saying that the material facts testified to by
Mr. Heath are supported not only by other
witnesses but by the territorial laws. Mr.
Heatii was the secretary of the Territory, and
he was called principally to prove the fact that
certain districts were created after and not
before this election.
But the testimony upon which the committee
chiefly rely in arriving at their conclusions is to
be found in the poll-books themselves. They
were made at the time of the election in the
different precinctsof the Territory. Mr. Heath
was secretary of the Territory at the time, was
at. the capital of the Territory, and was away
from all these precincts. I could not see the
relevancy to the report of the committee of the
l.-tter which was read by the sitting member.
K it I did not wish to be two-particular about
the matter, and therefore allowed him to pro-
ceed without objection on my part.
Now, I have to say—and it is about all that
I shall say in this matter—that the Committee
of Elections, after giving this voluminous testi-
mony a very careful consideration, came unan-
imously to the conclusion set forth in their
report. And in the remarks I made at the
opening of the discussion in this case I con-
fined myself to the poll-books upou which the
committee predicated their opinion in arriving
at the conclusion they did. The facts disclosed
a state of fraud and piracy upon the ballot-box,
and a disregard of the laws not equaled by
anything that ever before come under my ob-
servation in regard to any election. In saying
this I wish to give the gentleman notice that
it was upon these frauds, which were apparent
upon the poll-books, which were proved by
witnesses before the committee, that we came
to our conclusion. And proof was shown that
these frauds had been resolved upon before
the election for the purpose of defeating the
will of the people of that Territory and forc-
ing upon them a Representative here against
the will of the majority of the people. |
In the remarks made by the gentleman in i
answer to the views I submitted he refers to \
the precinct of Tierra Amarilla, in the county j
of Ilio Arriba. The evidence discloses the fact j
that 464 votes were counted by the probate ;
judge and allowed six days after the election, i
The gentleman asks why testimony was not in-
troduced to show that there were not that many
voters in the precinct, if that be the fact as
claimed. I answer the gentleman that that
evidence will be found on pages 54 and 55 of
the evidence taken in this case. That testi-
mony shows; tliat there were only 37 votes
polled in that precinct the year previous to this
election, and only 120 zxames were registered
there the year after the election. And it is
also testified that at an intermediate election
only 82 votes were returned.
Mr. CLEVER. Will the-gentleman yield
to me for a moment? ,
Mr. PETTIS. Certainly.
Mr. CLEVER. I ask the gentleman to read
the evidence which shows, as he says, thatthere
was a predetermination to defeat the will of the
people of the Territory of New Mexico. State-
ment is one thing, the evidence is sometimes
quite another.
Mr. PETTIS. I was going to read from the
testimony to show that in that precinct there
were 82 votes in an election held last year, 37
votes in an election held the year before the
election for Delegate, while at the election for
Delegate it is claimed that 464 votes were cast;
but I will let that pass for the present.
But in this connection I desire to say that
two witnesses, one being the clerk of the elec-
tion, testified that when they left the polls the
night of the election there were only 80 votes
polled in that precinct.
Mr. CLEVER. 1 ask the gentleman to read
that evidence. .
Mr. PETTIS. That is the evidence—that
the witness stated himself upon that occasion
that there were 82 votes polled at that time.
Mr. CLEVER. I deny thatthere is any such
evidence in the case.
Mr. PETTIS. I do not yield to the gentle-
man. I was saying in frankness to this House
that there were two witnesses on each side.
One was one of the clerks, who testifies that
there were 464 votes polled. On the other hand,
it is proved by another witness that there were
only eighty odd votes polled, he being present
when the polls were closed. Then there was
evidence produced to show, and which did show,
that the witness who says there were 404 votes
polled was heard to say on the night of the elec-
tion, as he was leaving the polls, that but 80
votes had been polled. That tact, together with
the appearance of the poll-books, discredited in
the opinion of the committee his testimony, and
was corroborated by the testimony of the other
two witnesses; and the evidence afforded by the
books, that there were but about 50 voters in the
precinct, negative the idea that there was any
truth in the poll books as changed, showing that
464 votes had been polled. The evidence before
the committee failed to show that there were
any more than 120 registered voters in that
precinct within a year before or a year after the
election. And I may go farther and say that
there was no evidence before the committee to
show that there had been within a twelvemonth
before the election 464 men near enough to the
polls in that precinct to have taken the small-
pox from members of the election board, if any
of them had had it ever so badly.
I will now, in answer to the gentleman's
inquiry, read from page 100 of the evidence the
testimony of James T. Johnson :
" Question. Before the election, say a week, more
or less, had you any conversation with Mr. John
Henry Mink about the election; if so, what was it ?
" Answer. I had a conversation with him oil the
subject, lie then said that we must beat them, and
even take our old books and get all the names of the
hired men, ar.d take the list and put the names upon
the poll-books.''
This was a resolve agreed upon before the
election, and itwas carried out at the election.
Yet gentlemen, by rotten testimony which they
have seen fit to introduce before the commit-
tee, have undertaken to bolster up this case,
when the evidence shows not only that there
was an oft'euse committed against the laws of
the Territory, the rights of the people, and par-
ticularly the rights of an individual, but also
that this offense was contemplated beforehand,
and was committed in pursuance of the under-
standing previously had. Gentlemen need, j
therefore, affect no surprise that the same mo-
tive has induced men to come into this House
and seek to bolster up and defend this fraud
after it has been committed. >
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I said before, I do
not propose to trespass unnecessarily upon the
time and patience of the House. I know that
there are claiming the consideration of this
body questions more important than any argu-
ment for the purpose of supporting a report
that hsts been made unanimously by the Com-
mittee of Elections.
I yield to the gentleman from Nevada £Mr.
Ashley] for ten minutes.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker, io
a case like this, apparently allowing but little
ground for difference of opinion—for the Com-
mittee of Elections have reported unanimously
that the contestant (Mr. Chaves) is entitled to
the seat—it may seem strange that the report
should have been delayed to so late a period
in the Congress. It has even been intimated
on this floor that this contest is simply a'' raid"
for the pay of the position of Delegate. I wish
to say, from my understanding of this case and
my knowledge of the character of the contest-
ant, whom I have known for twelve years, that
he is incapable of any such attempt. The
wroug, instead of being on his side, has been
perpetrated against him and- against his con-
stituents, who sent him here by as clear a ma-
jority as that by which, at the same election,
they elected to the Legislature of the Territory
the candidates upon the same ticket with him.
This man, agaiustwhom these frauds are proved
to have been perpetrated, was the only man on
his ticket who was not returned as elected;
and he has proved now that his defeat is attrib-
utable only to the frauds that were perpetrated,
and by which the result as returned was affected
to the extent of nearly 2,000 votes.
Now, as something has been said in regard
to the delay of taking testimony in this case, I
wish to read from a paper in the case, and not
any ex parte statement. I will read an affidavit
of the sitting Delegate himself, asking for delay.
It is as follows :
United Sfntf*, District of Columbia ;
Charles V. Clever, sitting Delegate from the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, being duly sworn, upon his oath
says: That under tbe resolution of the House of
Representatives extending the time for taking evi-
dence in the contested-election ease from said Terri-
tory, he, this aSiant, through his attorney, Merrill
Ashursst, esq., on tbe 12th da,y of May, A. D. 18G8,
served a notice on the said J. Francisco Chaves that
he would take testimony in said case, atPinaBlanca,
in said Territory, on the 22d day of May, A. D. 1865,
which said notice was served on Mr. Benedict, one
of the attorneys of gafd contestant, on the 12th day
of May. 1868; that thereupon H. H. Heath, secretary
ot the Territory of New Mexico, addressed a letter to
this affiant stating in substance that the said Bene-
dict was no longer the agent or attorney of the said
contestant, but that he, the said H. H. Heath, was
the sole agen t and attorney for said contestant. The
said H. H. Heath then proceeded to give notice to
this affiant's attorney to take testimony in behalf of
said contestant, at Los Yegas, in the county of San
Miguel, in said Territory, on the 25th day of May,
1868, without permitting time, as required by law;
that on the said 25th day of May, 1868, and on days
following, the depositions of several witnesses-were
taken, cx parte, before Trinidad Romero, probata
judge for said county; that the depositions so taken
are written in the English language, and arc not in
the handwriting ofthesaid probatejudge nor of bis
clerk? that the said Trinidad Romero is a Mexican*
and does not understand the Englishlanguage, nor
does he read or write the same; that it nowhere ap-
pears in said depositions that an interpreter was
used, -without the aid. of which thesaid probatejudge
could not, nor did not, know what he certified to.
This affiant further sajs, that he has been informed
and believes that tbe said H. H. Heath, secretary and
attorney as aforesaid., resorted to this trick to per-
petrate a fraud, and thus obtain an undue advantage
ibr his client, the contestant.
This affiant therefore prays that the time for tak-
ing.testim.ony in said contested-election case bo ex-
tended until the 1st of December next; inasmuch as
Congress will be in recess until that time no injury
can result totheeontestant. This affiantfurther states
that this application is not made for the purpose of
vexation ordelay,butforthe purpose that art oppor-
tunity be afforded to arrive at the truth, and that
justice may be done in the case. This affiant also
states that he never received any information of the
said Benedict bavins been dismissed as the attorney
for said Chaves, nor that the said II. H. Heath had
been so appointed, except as communicated in said
letter of H. H. Hcattj, hereto annexed.
Further this affiant says not.
C. P. CLEVER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 25th day
of July, A.D. 1868.
CHARLES McNAMEE,
Notary Public.
This was in July last, and the time asked for
