1B69.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
40th Oong....3d Sess.
Extension of Boundaries—Mr. Hooper.
Ho. op Reps.
But, sir, the charge of fanaticism is as
groundless as any of the others which have
been hurled recklessly against the Mormons.
If they are firm in their own religious faith,
it is because they believe it to be inspired of
God ; and if not so inspired, they desire to
be convinced of the error of their doctrine.
Ihey invite contact with general society, and
■a practical comparison ofinstitutions. If mis-
taken in their creed they desire the opportu-
nity of conversion. It is not the Mormons,
sir, who evade the test, if it can only be made
without the hardships of persecution. They
l.ave welcomed every advance that reunites
•them to society; and the construction of the
great railroad that brings them face to face
with the other civilizations and religions of the
Old and New Worlds has been looked forward
to with intense longing, and its completion
hailed with undisguised joy. And it is at this
very moment, when the test of contactison the
very eve of application, that the advocates of
tnis bill, assuming themselves to be the cham-
jj.ons of Christianity and Republicanism,
si'iink like timid children from the encounter
and seek to intrench themselves behind the
flimsy ramparts of political boundaries which
they hope to erect for their defense.
Abandoning all appeal to the cowardly, who
,ire seldom generous, I tarn to the courageous,
who are strong in the conviction of their own
moral power, and tell them that if Mormonism
is a fatal heresy they owe it to its own deluded
-disciples to neglect none of the legitimate means
-of argument and practice for their conversion.
If Mormonism is an error there is no com-
munity on the face of the globe and no class of
people so vitally interested in its refutation as
the majority of the people of Utah, who are its
victims. Rather than curtail the proportions
of the Territory and cut off its settlements from
contact with the railroad you should seek to
-enlarge its area, encourage its population by
all classes of good citizens, giving the amplest
protection of law by substituting for its pres-
ent organization a more ample, complete, and
sovereign form of government, leaving the issue
with God and the inevitable forces of nature.
We expect the hostility of all the non-produc-
:rsg '-'.asses who seek to subsist on vices which
■we uu not practice. It is natural that those who
stand agape for Government plunder should
foment trouble and seek to embroil us with the
■Jife; expelled by lawless force into the wilderness;
seeking an untried home far away from tiie scenes
"which their previous life had endeared to them;
moving onward, destitute, hunger-sickened, and
-sinking with disease; bearing along with them their
"wives and children, the aged and the poor and the
decrepit; renewing daily on their march the offices
of devotion, the ties of family and friendship and
charity; sharing necessities and braving dangers
together, cheerful in the midsrtof want and trial, and
persevering until they triumphed. I have told or
tried to teli you of men wh<\ wheu menaced by fam-
ine and in the muKr 01 jM--nlence with every energy
•taxed by the u'^euoy of the hour, were building roads
and bridge?, lajmgout villages, and planting corn-
ier is forYric stranger who might come after them,
their kinsmau only by a common humanity, andper-
udventure, a common suffering—of men who have
renewed their prosperity in the^ homes they have
found in the desert, and who in their new-built city,
walled round by mountains like a fortress, are ex-
tending pious hospitalities to the destitute emigrant
Ixom our frontier lines—of men who, far removed
from the re,-fraints of law, obeyed it from choice, or
found m the recesses of their religion something not
inconsistent with human laws, but far more controll-
ing; and who are now soliciting Jrom the Govern-
ment of the United States, not indemnity, for the
appeal would be hopeless, and they know it; not
protection, for they have no need of it; but that
•identity of political institutions and that community
of laws with the rest of us, which was confessedly
their birthright when they were driven beyond our
borders.
" I said I would give you the opinion I formed or
the Mormons; you may deduco it for yourselves from
these facts. But I will add that I have not yet heard
the single charge against them as a community,
against thoir habitual purity of life, their integ-
rity of defiling, their toleration of religious differ-
ences in opinion, their regard for the laws, or their
devotion to the constitutional Government under
which we live, that X do not, from my own observa-
tion or the testimony of others, know to be un-
founded."— Extract from CAoiul Kan°'s addret*.
parent Government for the sake of the money
they may make from contracts; but with a
calm and just and intelligent spirit on the part
of the people and their Representatives we are
content to take all the risks of any contest in
which we shall receive a guarantee of fair play.
But, sir, the confessed object of this bill is
to entirely destroy the Territory of Utah and
place its people, so far as possible, in the
power of the hostile class that I believe are
inspiring this action. It is admitted that if
this bill shall pass the next movement will be
to utterly abolish the territorial government.
Once before has the State of Nevada—the
foundation of which was laid at the base of the
SierraNevadas by Mormon immigrants—taken
a degree of territory from Utah with its people ;
now she seeks another, bringing her bound-
aries to the very threshold of its capital and
within sight of its inhabitants; and the next
step, as openly avowed, is to be final and
absorb all the remainder. Thus the original
object of the territorial organization, which
was to give self-government to a homogeneous
people and afford them the fullest guarantees
of law, will be utterly destroyed. This, too,
at a time when the good feeling prevailing
among the people of Utah toward the rest of
the country is so manifest to all eyes and so
pleasing to all patriots and lovers of peace.
Much of this good feeling, I am deeply grati-
fied to state, is due to the recent impartial
legislation and the kindness and courtesy
which has uniformly been extended by this
House to the Delegate to whom they have
confided their iuterests on this floor. Is it
possible that this policy is to be deliberately
reversed and this budding confidence to be
blasted by such an act of official injustice be-
fore it has an opportunity to blossom and bear
fruit? Never will I credit an anomaly so
foreign to the character of the American peo-
ple, so hostile to the spirit of the age, so mon-
strous in its design, and so mischievous in its
consequences, till I hear the vote counted and
the result announced.
But, sir, let us for a moment contemplate
the other alternative, and inquire what would
eventuate from the success of this measure
supposing such a success within the limits of
possibility. Let us admit for a moment that
this bill can become a law and the accumulated
strength of its advocates be so increased as to
enable them to complete their plans and sacri
fice the small remnant left of the present ter-
ritorial government. Let us imagine the peo-
ple of Utah divided among States and Terri-
tories whose seats of government are remote
and whose populations are measurably con-
trolled by the adventurers who seek aggran-
dizement in rapid enterprises rather than by
the slow and laborious processes of productive
labor. Let us follow the machinations of these
men till they have succeeded in securing so
much of otiicial control as will enable them to
exasperate the temper of the Mormons by tech-
nical abuses so easy to practice, and till they
have inspired the distant State authorities, al-
ready deeply imbued with prejudices, with a
belief that these people are disloyal in spirit
and criminal in act. Let us suppose the col-
lisions which a temper like that which urges
this bill will be sure to invite to actually take
place, and the citizens to have been exasper-
ated beyond the limits of forbearance, afford-
ing a pretext for such measures of force, both
official and private, as shall render their peace-
ful residence in Utah impossible; imagine,
if you will, the valleys of Utah again depopu-
lated, and tell me where you are to find the
immigrants who, uninspired by a peculiar re-
ligious faith and not bound together and con-
trolled by a potential motive, will abandon the
fertile prairies of the Missouri valley to culti-
vate those remote alkali lands, which can be
made productive only by a costly and elaborate
svstem of irrigation, and forsake the sunny
climate of more favored regions for a land
where the seasons are in fierce and perpetual
conflict and the constantcare and labor of man
is needful to give the summer a hard-won
triumph.
The Mormons, unlike the inhabitants of all
the neighboring Territories and States, are an
agricultural and manufacturing people; and
it is for this reason that they have been able
to subsist in Utah. Drive them away, sir, and
a temporary succession of mining adventurers
may occupy their place for a short time and in
small number until starved into abandonment;
but the region, with small exceptions, will
again lapse into sterility and become the un-
disputed domain of wild animals and birds.
Already the tide of general emigration from
Europe is beginning to diminish; the reforms
of governmental administration in Ireland and
the unification of the German States threaten
seriously to interfere with those great move-
ments of the masses which have given to Amer-
ica so large a proportion of her effective pop-
ulation. Of those immigrants that come how
many, think you, will pass by the fertile prai-
ries to locate in those rugged valleys, or after
arriving pause to dwell there, while the un-
paralleled farms of Oregon lie but a day's
journey beyond? Sir, Utah is the proper her-
itage of men who are bound together by ties
stronger than those of avarice, and whose
operations are directed by a spirit of unity
which no other class of our immigrants pos-
sesses.
I have thus endeavored to present to the
members of this House the facts and princi-
ples involved in this issue, and to measure,
with the best judgment I can command, the
consequences awaiting their action on this bill.
To which side the balance of justice inclines
it seems to me that none can fail to discover.
It is a maxim founded on the common princi-
ples of our religious beliefs that to do right is
always expedient. That it is right to exercise
the power of unfriendly legislation against a
community such as I have shown that of Utah
to be, the disinterested judgment of the world
will surely deny. As to expediency, aside
from justice. I cannot see how any difference
of opinion can exist. Let the future be judged
from the past, and no rash and cruel experi-
ments be substituted for an established order
of things that has produced the happiest re-
sults. With the speedy and complete restora-
tion of the seceding States to the Union I
trust in God that all internal differences may
vanish, and peace again reign within our bor-
ders uninterrupted and profound. On the
part of Utah I am ready to pledge a conflict
of energies for the rapid development of the
resources of the land and for a friendly emula-
tion in all manner of good works. Let the
contest between her and her neighbors be as
to, which shall exhibit the most prosperous
condition and most rapidly expand into a
moral and enlightened State. To this contest,
sir, we joyfully invite them ; but from any le«s
kindly we trust the good sense and good feel-
ing of the Representatives of the nation will
assist to protect us.
I feel that I do not appeal to them in vain
when I ask that their potent and united voices
may be lifted up to those who would disturb
the elements of our prosperity and advance-
ment in that language which, long ago uttered
by Him who spake as never man spoke, stilled
the tempest and gave tranquillity to the waves
"Peace, be still I"
And in the kindred language of our great leader
of to-day, so beautifully paraphrased recently
upon this floor by the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] "Let us have
peace 1" Let us have peace by an act of peace,
so that the land which but yesterday was stained
with fraternal blood may grow green and beau-
tiful under the hand of honest toil. Let us
have peace that we may perfect the holy tem-
ple of our liberties until it shall fill the whole
