1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
was granted to him, and it has been the cause
of all of this delay.
It has been alleged that Romero, judge of
San Miguel, did not understand the English
language. Let me read from the testimony :
" Question. How long have you been transacting
business in your own person in the English language ?
" Answer. About seventeen years; I commenced,
in 1851. , _
" Question. What is and has been your business ?
" A wooer. A merchant.
" Qmiot.ion. State if in this ease tfas certain evi-
dence taken before you as probate judge of the
county of San Miguel in the month of May last;
and if so, the names of persons examined and the
days on which it was taken.
Answer. There was certain evidence taken in
this ease before me in the month of May last; I think
about the 25th, 2Gth, and 27th of May. Mr. R. M.
Stephens, Thornton Clark, a negro, James 'X. John-
son, Manuel Rodriguez, VineenteRomero, Walter L.
Fosdyke, and William Brecden and Jos6 Angel
Padifia were examined as witnesses.
" Question. Youwtil pleaseexacainethe certificate
mado by you on page 92 of the printed evidonce in
this case, and state if atthe time you mado said cer-
tificate you thoroughly understood what you certi-
fied to.
"Answer. I understand it all, and did so at the
time, as I do now after an examination of it. I have
examined the certificate presented, understood it
then, and understand it now after an examination
of it.
"Question. State whether an interpreter was used
in taking that evidence; if ao, who was he, and was
ho sworo?
"Answer. There was; and Demetrio Perez was
sworn a^such.
" Question. State what part of the evidence Mr.
Perez interpreted; did ho interpret all or a portion
ot it, and tor what witnesses?
"Answer. Mr. Perez interpreted for General Heath,
the attorney on the part of Colonel Chaves, the tes-
timony of Mexican vyitnessos, and such portions of
the evidence in English as I did not understand.
"Question. State in what language you are now
giving your testimony?
"Aimoer. I testify in English.
"TRINIDAD ROMERO."
Mr. CLEVER. I desire to call attention to
this answer of the witness. " Do you under-
stand the English language?" What is his
answer? "1 understand it some." He only
understands it some ; and he testified in the
same connection that he employed an inter-
preter for the purpose of translating the testi-
mony. Is it not to be presumed that lie did
not understand the English language ? When
certificates are given which are to take away
men's rights I say that it is positively necessary
the man giving the certificate should under-
stand the language in which it is written. He
did not understand the English well, for he says
that ho only understands it " some."
Mr. ASHLEY", of Nevada. Why, sir, the
testimony which I have read was given in the
English language. Mr. Romero says that the
interpreter was employed for the purpose of
translating for Mr. Heath, the secretary of the
Terri tory.
What is this case? In the precinct of La
Junta the vote certified by the judges and
clerks of the election was fraudulently changed
from 638 to 638. Besides it is shown that the
{Dlace of voting was illegally and fraudulently
fixed beyond the settlements and two miles
from any house. It was two or three miles
from Fort Union. It is shown that everybody
voted ; that teams were running backward and
forward from Fort Union ; that the teamsters,
camp followers, and what were called " Kan-
sas boys," all came in and voted. Those who
challenged them and tried to prevent this fraud-
ulent voting wern monaced with pistols. Mr.
hordyke, ono of the officers of the election,
testifies that the certified vote was fraudulently
increased from 538 to 638—just 100 votes. Only
one of the clerks could write, and the names
that were added were not in his writing.
^ In the precinct of Santa Clara the vote in
i>eptember^l867, was over five times as large
as the election preceding and twice as large as
the one succeeding. It is shown that 134 ille-
gal votes were cast there for the sitting Del-
egate.
. ^ ho frau ds perpetrated in Mora county would
justify us in striking out the vote of the whole
county; but only deducting the illegal votes
counted for the sitting member and allowing
the contestant the votes of which he wasfraud^
ulently deprived by a probate judge in Donna
Ana, the latter will be elected by nearly 400
votes.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. PETTIS. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I had not in-
tended to trespass upon the time of the House
in the discussion of this ease, nor do I think
it necessary now. Sufficient time, in my opin-
ion, has been expended upon it to enable the
House to understand the case. . I desire, how-
ever, to say a word in vindication of the com-
mittee for the delay of this report until this
late hour, at the expiration of this Congress.
It is not attributable at all to any remissness
ori the part of the Committee of Elections, but
to the intrinsic difficulties of the case itself.
The case has come before thecommittee, some
of it in a foreign language, much of it in a
manner altogether unprecedented and unlike
any other examination we have had to make.
It has been postponed from time to time atthe
request of the parties themselves. The House
has given first one party sixty days and then the
other sixty days upon that, so as to carry the case
into the vacation and bring it into this session
as a new case. The committee have examined
it with great patience and have heard the par-
ties fully upon the subject. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Pettis,] coming fresh into
the committee with the vigor of youth, and not
worn out as some of us have been by the labors
of this committee from year to year, has ad-
dressed himself with a freshness that has really
done the committee good to the conclusion to
which all the committee have come.
I find it unnecessary to travel beyond three
points in the ease, and upon them, so far as I
am concerned, I ground my judgment that the
committee should be sustained. I refer to
three fraudulent papers, the originals of which
have been exhibited before thecommittee, and
upon which the committee entertain no doubt.
In one of these it is perfectly apparent that
the figures as originally made out have been
changed and cannot, according to any rule that
I know of, be counted. It is apparently with-
out any explanation whatever.
Mr. CLEVER. Iaskthegentlemanwhether
these poll-books wore not in the possession of
II. H. Heath, secretary of the Territory, who
was witness, attorney, and everything else in
this case; if the poll-book did not come right
through his hands into the hands of the com-
mittee V So that if any forgery was committed
is not the suspicion just as strong against him
as anybody else ?
Mr. DAWES. Very true, Secretary Heath
may have had access to these papers. They
were sent by law to the Government, and I
have no doubt he had access to them. But I
did not rely upon the testimony of Mr. Heath
after it came to my knowledge that he addressed
a letter to the southern confederacy iu 1861.
Indeed his testimony had passed out of my
mind until reproduced here, but 1 could not
give any credence to the testimony of a man
who from a northern State had tendered his
services to the southern confederacy in the
manner that man did. But it is upon the face
of these papers that entered in to tiie count giv-
ing the sitting member the majority upon which
he came here that I base my decision of the
case. There could be no doubt that the fig-
ures in one of these papers had been altered.
I do not think that the secretary of the Terri-
tory would have been engaged in so altering
it for the benefit of the sitting member. But
whether that be so or not, the paper must be
dropped out of the ease ; it cannot be counted
for the one or the other. And so of another
paper that had been sewed together afterward
right, through the name and figures that were
originally put npon it. That paper I could put
no confidence in. There was a third paper,
which I have not now in my mind, which "was
equally fraudulent. Upon them, without re-
gard to the testimony of this man Heath, I base
my decision. Take these papers out of the
case and it is settled, in my mind, in favor of
the contestant. There is no occasion to go I
further to dreoide the case. What may be said
about men on one side and the other in New-
Mexico may be all true ; I am sorry to confess
that I believe that a great deal of it on both
sides may be true; but the original papers
upon which this count was made up, produced
before the committee, satisfied my mind that
there was fraud in these papers, and that de-
cided the case with me. •
The question was upon the following res-
olutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions :
Resolved, That Hon. Charles P. Clever is not enti-
tled to a seat in the Fortieth Congress as a Delegate
from the Territory of New Mexico.
Resolved, That Hon. J. Francisco Chaves is enti-
tled to a seat in the Fortieth Congress as a Delegate
from the Territory of Uew Mexico.
Mr. CLEVER called for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
90, noes 7; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Pettis and
Mr. IIolman were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 105, noes 10.
So the resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. PETTIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Cuaves then appeared and qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by law.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled an act (H. R. No. 1345) to amend an
act entitled "An act to confirm certain pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of New Mex-
ico when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No.
941) to amend certain acts in relation to the
Navy ; when the Speaker signed the same.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence from the session of this
evening was granted to Mr. Caby and to Mr.
Clarke, of Ohio, on account of ill health, and
to Mr. Ward, on account of the illness of his
wife.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Sit-
greaves until Tuesday next.
waste lands of mississippi riv12r.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting the memorial of General
Roberts, United States Army, relative to
waste lands on the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
documents relating to tiie rebellion.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a report of the Adjutant General on the
publication of documents relating to the rebel-
lion, stating that no duty has been performed
nor anything paid under the joint resolution of
1866, which has now expired; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
DISABILITIES OF T. W. MANLOVE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting the petition of T. W. Manlove for removal
of political disabilities; which was referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
mining statistics.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, asking that twenty-five hundred
copies of the report of Rossiter W. Raymond,
special commissioner for collection of mining
statistics, he printed for the use of the Depart-
ment ; which was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
