1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
249
40tii Coxo. ... 3d Sess.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
Ho. or Reps.
Nutrias,'' when recalled two days afterward,
and cross-examined lie pretends to know every
voter in the precinct.
On page j>1 iibid.) he says:
Question. Do you know each and every voter in
the precinct oi Tierra Amariila at the last election?
" Answer. I do.
"(juration. Who are they, andwhatare their names?
"Answer. Philip Madrid, Diego Madrid, Miguel II.
Gallcgos, Manuel Romero, Gabriel Velasquez, Fran-
cisco Martinez y Valdez, Jose Del Carmen Martin
Juan Pablo Baldez, Juan Pablo Martinez, Aniseto
Velasquez, Juan Antonio Ruibal, Fernando Mon-
tano, Desideno Valdez. Jose Ygnacio Ruibal, Andres
Martinez, Eulogio Velasquez, Juan de Luna, Juan
do Dios Jaramillo, Pedro Ruibal. Rumaldo Martin,
Antonio Mestas, Jesus Ruibal, Ygnacio Velasquez,
Juan Lopez, Serafin L. Chcon.AntonioNerio Gomez,
Antonio Nerio Martin, Manuel Gomez, Pedro Lopez.
Jose Maria Lujan, Centura Serrano, Domingo Abiia,
Juan Serrano, Francisco Martinez y Sanchez, Fran-
cisco Martin, Paz Martin, Manuel Martin. Enrique
Mereure, Juan Floyad. Alejj.ndre, an American,
Santiago Canbel, Jos6 Maria Ruibal, Pablo Madrid,
Nicolas Martin, Sabino Salazar, Antonio Jose Mar-
tin, Demcsio Martin, Pedro Martin, Gabriel Valdez,
SantosSamora, Je>usMaria Cordova; Thomas ,
an American: Miguel Lobato, Jose Rafael Alire,
Jesus Malta Vala^quez, Bernardo Sanchez, Roque
Sanchez, Ramon Sanehez,FranciscoAbeita, Juande
Dios Ruibal, Joso Maria Valdez. Jesus Maria Archu-
leta, Antonio Archuleta. Juan Trujillo, Pablo Sala-
zar, Juan JSTep<imuseno Valdez, Manuel Trim/lad
Samora, Pablo Vela-ques, Ygnacio Martin, Elieeo
Saia/.ar, Juan Ygnacio Miera? Serafin  , (I do
not know his surname, a discharged soldier.) I do
not recollcct the names of the others. I recollect
Manuel Valdez, also Christobal Martinez.
" ["Seventy-three names are reported by the wit-
ness.]
" Question. Are you certain that these are all the
voters there on that day ?
" Answer. 1 am not certain these are all the voters;
I may have omitted some names, but I am certain
that those I have named were there and voted on
that day. Possibly I may have named thesameper-
son twice.
" Question. Are you certain that Jesus Maria and
Antonio Archuleta were there and voted on that
day?
,4 Answer. I am, for they live there.
" Question. Look at the poll-book and see if you
see the name of Antonio Archuleta among the first
cighly-fwonauies on the list.
"Ansivet. I do notsee his name, but I am certain
tint he voted."
Now, if you will please examine this list of
seventy-three names you will find that five of
them bear the Christian names of Manuel.four
of Gabriel, two of Miguel, and four of them
Francisco ; the Christian names of six com-
mence with Jose, and twelve with Juan j three
are called Pedro, five Antonio, four Jesus, two
Ygnacio, two Serafin, three Pablo, and the re-
mainder are miscellaneous names.
He now knows all of Tierra Amariila, fifty-
four miles distant from his own residence,
about which he knows nothing.
He Mves at Abiquiu, and on page 51 (ibid.)
he says:
"Qnation. IIow many heads of families live in
Abiquiu, wheie >ou live?
"Aw-accv. About six.
"Question. ilow many families are there in all the
scttlotnenu ot AOiqmuV
"Answer. £ do not know."
He does imt know how many families reside
in the precinct of Abiquiu. where he lives, and
perhaps tells the truth when he says, on page
52, •• i know Tierra Amariila as well as I do
my own home."
This testimony of this witness was reduced
to writing in the English language.
On page 33 {ibid.) witness states that he does
not understand the English language.
On page 30 he says that Clever received 56
votes and Chaves received 12 votes ; two votes
were polled that were not cast for Delegate.
Without being capable of knowing what was
written down in the English language he con-
sults, as he says, on page 35, (ibid.,) his mem-
ory, comes to the magistrate before whom the
evidence is taken, and makes an explanation,
(see page 31, ibid.:)
"Tuesday Mouxixa, February I.
"Juan Ygnacio Miora resumed his testimony.
The witness at the opening of the court stated
through the counsel for contestant that he desired
to explain his testimony of yesterday, ho being under
a mituipprehension as to one or two of the questions
propounded. lie proceeded:
'*1 did not, understand, or it was not explained to
mo. yesterday: I thought I was asked about the ma-
jority, and not tho number of vote*, "-i^t. Inowsav
; that the majority of the votes cast was 56 for Mr.
; Clever; the whole number of votes cast for Delegate
: was 82; Colonel Chaves had 12 vofpq out of the 82. I
i do not know whether there were 66 or 68 for Clever.
On yesterday I did not clearly recollect in what year
the post of lierra Amariila was established. I ree-
olieefnow. Itwasin the latter part of the year 1866,
in tho latter part of October or the early part of
.November."
Compare this with what he attempts to ex-
plain after consulting his memory, (see page
30, ibid.;)
"Question. "What was the mode and manner in
which the votes and ballots were counted and the
result of the poll announced?
"Answer. When the election closed at six o'clock
in the afternoon the principal judge of election took
the ballots out of the ballot-box and read them in
presence of the people who were present. When he
got through reading them he turned the ballot-box
upside down, open, and struck it three times, to show
that there were no more ballots in it. Mr. Clever
had received fifty-six votes and Colonel Chaves re-
ceived twelve votes. There were two votes polled
that were not cast for Delegate."
And compare his explanation with his first
answer and you will see that the memory he
consulted must either have been confused or
else he was testifying about a matter of which
he knew nothing.
Again, on page 31, the witness is willingly
led by the attorney examining him; and he
says:
"Question. "Whatwas tho size of thepoll-book, and
did each candidate have a column in which to num-
ber his vote?
"Answer. It was a poll-book, but the paper was
not very large. It was a small book of about four
sheets. Each candidatehad his name in the respect-
ive columns, and each voter was numbered opposite
to his name."
On page 35, he says :
"Question. Did you, during the day of election in
Tierra AraariJln, have the poll-book in your hands?
"Answer. I did not."
And then flatly contradicts his statement on
page 31, and says (page 35) when asked how
many sheets were there in that poll-book that
li there might have been txoo or three
Now, compare the following statement of
this witness and see if his testimony can be
reconciled:
"Question. Have you told any one what your testi-
mony would be in relation to this contested election?
"Answer. I have not.
"Question. Did you not talk with Governor Arny,
before he left for the States, as to what your testi-
mony would be?
"Answer. I have never conversed with him, nor
told him what I would testify to.
"Question. Did you not give Governor Arny an affi-
davit about this matter?
"Anwcer. I gave an affidavit, but took it before a
justice of the peace ,* but not to Governor Arny.
"Question. Did not Governor Amy's son go with
you to the justice's to obtain the affidavit?
"Answer. They sent for me, and I went. The papers
were made out when I arrived there.
"Question. Do you know who wrote the affidavit;
William Arny or the magistrate?
"Anawer. I do not know who wrote it. When I
arrived at the magistrate's I found it in writing, but
do not know who wrote it.
"Qffittoii. Was the affidavit in English or Spanish ?
"Anne r. It wasin Spanish. Idonotread English.
"Question. Did you sign an English copy ot said
affidavit?
"Answer. The affidavit I signed and testified to
was in Spanish.
"Question. If you did not speak to any person
about this matter, how could any person write out an
affidavit about it?
"Answer. I did not talk with any person about it;
but they knew that I wa-s at the election, and I sup-
pose they knew what the facts were. Ehseo Salazar,
who was present with me at the election in Tierra
Amariila, piobably said something about it. I be-
lieve the affidavit made by mo was the same as that
taken also by Eliseo Salazar."
And on page 36:
"Question. Was Don Eliseo present at the time you
made the affidavit mentioned by you on the cross-
examination ?
"Awa-uw. He was not.
" Question. Did Eliseo make alike declaration with
yourself?
"Answer. Not to my knowledge.
" Question. What did you understand by your tes-
timony to-day in relation to Don Eiiseo's making an
affidavit?
"A?*-vusei'. I suppose tho affidavit was made out by
Don Ehseo,"
But further: Miera arrived in Tierra Am-
ariila, which contains according to his state-
ment, seven settlements (two uninhabited) and
which are a mile or more apart, at about five
o'clock in the morning of the day of election.
At nine o'clock of said day he was at the polls,
(see pages 83 and 34:)
" Question. How long prior to the election did you
and Salazar pro to Tierra Amariila?
"Answer. We arrived at Tierra Amariila about five
o'clock on the morning of the election.
" Question. How high was the sun on your arrival
there ?
"Answer. The sun was not yet up.
" Question. Did you leave the polls at any time dur-
ing the day until they closed m the evening ?
"Answer. I was at the polls all the time during tho
day, and was not absent more than fifteen minutes
at any one time.
"Question. How high was the sun when the polls
closed; was the sun yet down?
"Answer. It was just before sundown when the
polls closed. I did not go out of the door, but from
the window I saw that the sun was still shining.
" Question. How long were the judges of election in
counting the votes after the polls closed ?
"Answer. I do not know how long. I had no time-
piece.
'' Question. Did you not state on your direct exam-
ination that the votes were counted immediately after
the polls were eloscd, and that after this you left?
"Answer. When the officers of the election had
finished counting the votes I left with Mr. Eliseo
Salazar and others, and I do not know how many
hours or how many minutes the officers were engaged
in counting the votes.
" Question. Was it before or after dark that you left
the place of election?
"Answer. It was dark when I left."
On page 80 Salazar says:
" Question. When did you leave Tierra Amariila
for Abiquiu after the election ?
"Answer. The day following the election.
"Question. Who accompanied you to Abiquiu?
"Answer. Juan Ygnacio Miera."
Now, I ask, how could Miera know who was
or who was not at Tierra Amariila? He ar-
rived at five o'clock. The precinct is a large
one: the settlements are many miles apart.
He was at the polls all day, according to his
statement, and yet he is found to say on page 35:
" Qxiestion. Were there not at the time of the elec-
tion a number of persons cutting hay for the Govern-
ment in the precinct of Tierra Amariila ?
"Answer. At the time of the election there were
not. Afterward there were.
" Question. At the time of the election were there
not persons there who were furnishing fruits to the
troops m Tierra Amariila?
"Answer. There were not."
Miera and Salazar contradict one another,
because Miera says on page 32, (ibid.:)
"Question. At what place were you during the first
three days after the last general election in the pre-
cinct of Tierra Amariila?
"Answer. At Abiquiu; but, the first, day I remained
in Tierra Amariila ; the other two in Abiquiu."
On page 3-1 witness says:
"Question. How high was the sun when the polls
closed ? Was the sun yet down ?
"Answer. It was just before sundown when the
polls closed. 1 did not go out of the door, but from
the 'window I saw that the sun was still shining."
And farther, on same page, witness says in
the same breath:
"Question. Was the day fair or cloudy on election
day ?
"Anmcer. I do not recollect whether the day was
cloudy, or whether it rained, hailed, or snowed."
This, his last statement, seems to be con-
firmed by the testimony of Francisco Martinez
y Sanchez, on page 1-31, {ibid.:)
"Question. Did you or did you not see Juan Ygna-
cio Mora at the polls on tho day of the last, general
election held at the precinct of Tierra AoiarUla? If
so, state at what time he came to the polls aud at
what time he left, if you recollect.
"Answer. I saw him at the polls; he was^there
from in the morning until about threco'clock in tho
afternoon; he commenced drinking and annoying
us to such an extent that I was compelled to put htm
out; about half an hour afterward I went out and
found him holding on to a post, and veiy sick and
intoxicated; he returned to the polls a little before
sundown, very drunk, and went away very shortly
afterward."
The original depositions will show that
''Mora'' is a misprint; the word should be
t; Miera."
Witness says, on page 32:
"Question. If any means, words, or inducements
have been made use of to induce you not to appear
here and give testimony in this case, state by whom
such was done, and when.
" (Objected to by counsel for Clever.)
"Answer. Words and means were so used on yes-
terday. I was told that no obligation rested upon
me to attend as a witness upon this investigation.
Don Diego Archuleta promised to make himself re-
