252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Election Contest—Chaves vs. Clever—Mr. Clever.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
to the Congress of the United States, and that said
Chaves wouJd get the certificate, as be had carried
money with him with which to bribe the secretary;
that to the best of the remembrance and belief of
this affiant, Christoval Armijo, who was a warm
political friend of Mr. Chavesinthe late election and
a man of wealth, was one of the persons who made use
of the statement that Mr. Chaves had taken money
■with him to Santa Fe to bribe the secretary with.
FRANCISCO PEREA.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of
October, A. D. 1867.
[l. s.J BENJAMIN STEVENS, Clerk.
Mr. CLEVER. Now, when in the study of
nature we wish to investigate the particular
character of individual organization we place
it under microscopic examination and by the
effect of the well-known principles of optics
make startling discoveries of hitherto unknown
elements of life. So under the microcosm of
political chicanery and the concentrated light
of the documentary evidence just read we are
startled by the delineation of the moral struc-
ture of the specimen of official organism now
under examination.
But, Mr. Speaker, I bad almost forgotten
that the secretary of New Mexico had written
to you a letter stating that he had signed the
credentials presented by me under duress. Let
us see if this accords with the positions he
has occupied according to his own evidence.
On page 52 (Mis. Doc. No. 154) he testifies
as to the 41 military positions5' he had occupied.
He was asked—
" What were those military positions?
"Answer. Lieutenant, captain, major, brevet lieu-
tenant colonel, full colonelcy, brevet brigadier, and
brevet major general."
Is it possible that a person who has held all
these positions could be made to sign an offi-
cial document against his own will? He must
either have written to you what was not the
fact or else the Government was very much
deceived in confiding to him trusts and respons-
ibilities which he says had been conferred
upon him. But that the secretary is a man of
und-nmted valor will more fully appear from a
letter lie wrote, a copy of which i send to the
Clerk's desk to be read. I have seen the
original and am satisfied that it is in his own
handwriting. I also send a- letter addressed
to my friend, Mr. Dawes, by General Town-
send, and ask that they both be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Adjutant General's Office.
Washington, June 12,1863.
Sir: The Secretary of War directs me to furnish
you the inclosed copy of a letter signed II. H. Heath,
and dated Dubuque, Iowa, April 9,1861, in compli-
ance with your request of this date.
I am, sir, very respectfully, >our obedient servant,
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant Central.
Hon. II. L. Dawes,
Chaiuau.il Committee of Electionx.
Dubuque, Iowa, Ajtril 9,1861.
My DkarSir: I for the first time this morning
learn from the papers that you are in position in the
new conlcderacy. Accept, my dear sir, my congrat-
ulations, not inure for your accession to honorable
position than your felicity in having a home in a
region where honor and principle go hand in hand
and fanaticism and madness are thrust out. I, too,
would have been there, where my heart ever is, had
your president responded as promptly to me as my
plotter of service was tendered to the new govern-
ment. But I have not heard from him on the sub-
ject, though I do not yet despair of doing so in his
own good time. I simply offered my military or civil
services to hun, in both of which branches I have
had some experience. You may not be aware that I
was the first publisher of the first paper ever started
north of the Potomac expressly to defend southern
rights. I mean the Southern Press, in Washington,
in 1819 or 1850—the latter year I think. Since then I
have been ever faith!ui to the interests of that sec-
tion, and although a northern man by birth I have
never been anything but southern in my feel-
ings. I need not attest to you the course pursued by
mo during the Lecompton struggle as editor of the
Northwest, nor either how I supported southern
men andnorth^rn, too, whosuppo'rted them. Indoing
ko, it is true, I lost all I had m the world, and the
po^t office here for three years, and from which I
have been cjeeted as one of the first sacrifices to Ke-
pubheamstn, has only served to aid me in liquidating
a portion of the lRdebtedn-ess contracted during tho
exciting period of tho first half of Mr. Buchanan's
administration. If I were foot-free here, hod I the
wans, in other words to support myself and wife for
on e year South, I would not remain out of the south-
ern confederacy one day longer than would suffice to
take me thither. As it is, however, I dare not with J
a wife in delicate health leave here upon an uncer-
tainty. I shall be one of your fellow-citizens again,
however, if I am spared; and until then God prosper
the southern confederacy. Our Episcopal liturgy
you know has a pray er for the President of the United
States. No man assuredly needs prayers said over
him more than Mr. Lincoln, and so I respond amen,
but while the rector is repeating in the prayer /'the
President of the United States," I am hastily inter-
polating "also the president of the confederate
States;" so that you see our friend, President Davis,
is not quite forgotten before the Father even in the
ultra North.
There are all sorts of rumors of war just now. The
New York Tribune and Times have at last I appre-
hend goaded the new President on to a policy that
must lead to a collision. Let it come, if so it ruu&t.
There are tens of thousands of loyal hearts at the
North who never will accede to coercion, and not
only so, they never will pull a trigger against the
South. Before I would march against my brethren
of the South I would sufier myself to be hanged on
the first tree before the eyes of my own wife. Indeed,
there are many Republicans who declare their ab-
horrence of the policy of secession, and I think the
sentiment is on tho increase, particularly in the
Northwest, the interests of which are so entirely
linked with the South. But while oldAbe grants the
lion's share of the spoils to the Northwest he lends
his ear to the treacherous advice of New England's
fanatics, and will through them profitably drive the
two nations into war. God grant that in any event
your government may maintain itself, now that it
has undertaken to do so upon her own account, as
against all foes from whatsoever quarter they may
come. Do me the favor to show this already too
lengthy epistle to my friend Colonel Clement; and,
wishing you every prosperity,
I remain very truly, as ever, your friend.
H. H. HEATH.
H. St. George Offutt, esq., Montgomery, Alabama.
P. S. It would give me great pleasure to hear from
you at your convenience.
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, June 12, 1868.
Official copy of a letter on the files of tho War
Department.
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Mr. CLEVER. It must be presumed that the
secretary of New Mexico, prior to entering upon
the discharge of the duties of his office, must
have taken the oath prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862, which oath requires him to declare,
among other things, that he has " voluntarily
given no countenance, counsel, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in the rebellion ; nor
sought any office under any pretended author-
ity in hostility to the United States." I beg
the members of this House to compare the let-
ter just read with the oath the secretary was
required to take before he could exercise the
functions of his office, and then determine in
their own minds whether that man is worthy
of belief, notwithstanding he is clothed with
official authority and has given his testimony
under the sanctity of an oath. Would the man
who would have "suffered himself to be hanged
on the first tree in the presence of his own wij'e
before he would march against his brethren of
the South " sulfer himself to be forced into the
signing of an election certificate? Will you
believe the man who took the test-oath after
having expressed himself as he did when he
comes to testify before you, especially consid-
ering the circumstances I have set forth ?
The secretary of the Territory is the cus-
todian of the archives of the Territory, and the
poll-books are under his charge, and possibly
the statement of the contestant's attorneys,
u that General H. H, Heath, the territorial
secretary, who is perfectly conversant with the
minutiae of their charactermay mean more
than was intended to have been communicated
to the honorable chairman of the committee.
He who upon his bended knees, before the-
altar of his country and his God, could interpo-
late along with the benediction for the lamented
Lincoln, a blessing on the country's arch-traitoy
and enemy, is unworthy to be the custodian
of the archives of a sovereign Territory 1 He
who could even by thought or word mutilate
or pervert the ritual of his church to the pur-
pose of applauding the rebellion, or sympathy
with treason, is a fit instrument for briberv,
corruption, and fraud. Gentlemen, I leave the
history of the whilom rebel sympathizer, his
character, his evidence, and his sacredly kept
records of state to your consideration and for
your reflection, and hope you will accord to
them such measure of credence as their char-
acter may call for and justify.
The report of the committee on page 2 con-
tains the following:
/'It was also charged by the contestant that in pre-
cinct No. 12 commonly called Santa Clara, in the
county of Mora, the sitting member received 56
votes only, a majority of 37 over him, the contestant,
and yet that the poll-books were falsely and fraudu-
lently made to appear that the sitting Delegate
received 190 votes, and the contestant 19, and that
such excess, which was 131 votes, was fraudulently
counted and allowed to the said sitting Delegate.
"The committee are of opinion, from the positive
testimony of Jose Angel Padilla and the appear-
ance of the poll-book itself, which was in evidence
before the committee for inspection, and the fact
that the vote in the precinct in September, 18674 was
over five times as large as the election preceding, and
twice as large as the one succeeding, that at least 134
illegal votes were cast in such precinct called Santa
Clara, in the county of Mora., and having been al-
lowed to sitting member, should be deducted from
the vote credited to him in the return made to and
allowed by the secretary of the Territory."
It seems, in the point made above, that the
committee have determined, from what they
style il the positive testimony of Jos6 Angel
Padilla, and the appearance of the poll-booh
itselfThe animus of the witness Jos6 Angel
Padilla. upon whose testimony the committee
seem to have formed their opinion, and which
is styled by them "positive testimonyis
found on page 107, (ibid.,) and is as follows :
" Question. Have you been threatened by any of the
partisans of Mr. Clever on account of the affidavit
you made in thisc ase at La Junta, in February last?
"Answer. I have been so threatened and for the rea-
son named. I have been threatened with having all
the injury done to me that those opposed to me po-
litically could do on account of that affidavit, and
came near getting into a serious difficulty with one
of Mr. Clever's partisans and friends, who assaulted
me on that account. Mr. Fernando Nolan, one of
the clerks of the election at Santa Clara, on the 2d
of September, 1867, was present on the latter occa-
sion, an accomplice in the- assault, and Nolan him-
self threatened me with future injury."
The tone of this witness' testimony does
show that animvs, but I omit to read th•-*
same, as his testimony was taken ex parte, as
appears on page 91, (ibid.,) showing that notice
was served and accepted on the 15th day of
May, 1808, to take testimony in the county of
San Miguel on the 25th day of May, 1868.
when notice to take testimony had previously
been given to contestant and served upon him
by the marshal of the Territory on the 12th
day of May, 1868, (see page 181, ibid.,) to take
testimony on the 22d day of May, 1808, at the
county of Santa Ana. The testimony of Jose
Angel Padilla must be precluded if law pre-
vails in this case, for the reason that the con-
testant could not take testimony, according to
the act of Congress, within five days after the
taking of testimony by respondent. (See Stat-
utes-at*Large, volume 9, page 569.) Respond-
ent having given notice to contestant, which
was served upon contestant's attorney three
days prior to contestant's notice, by law Pa-
dilla's testimony must be excluded.
If law is respected and Padilla's testimony
is excluded there remains nothing upon which
to found the opinion of the committee except
the inspection of the poll-book itself, which,
having been in the custody of the territorial
secretary, might or might not be the poll-book
from that precinct. This I leave for the mem-
bers of this House to determine. I have no
faith in the identity of poll-books that have
passed through the hands of Mr. Heath ; but
you gentlemen may have. The man who would
not pull a trigger against his brethren of the
South, and not receiving an appointment from
J. Davis comes North to hold office, is no
friend or companion of mine. The smoothness
of the testimony of Jos6 Angel Padilla proves
its fallacy, and, unhappily for him, he is con-
tradicted by several witnesses, namely, Be-
nigno Baca, page 28, and Manuel Abeita, page
32, (small document,) who sustain the returns.
Why the committee have rejected the testi-
mony of the last two-named witnesses, whose
character for truth and veracity has not been
