1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
rence, Logan, Loug;hrid«e,Lynch, Marvin, May-
nard, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, Nun n, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine/ Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Priee, Prmce, Raum, Rob-
ertson, Roots, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Selye,
Shanks, Shellabarger. Smith. Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Stover, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge. Twichell, Upson, van Aer-
n(U11, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. "Washburn,
' Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, ^>mes F. Wilson, Stephen J\ Wilson,
Window, and Woodbridgo-^-lii.
NAYS —Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnum, Beck,
Boyer, Burr, Gary, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Goliad ay, Grover, Haight, Hawkins, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Humphrey., Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Knott,
Marshall. McCormiek, McCullongh, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson,
Ross, Spalding, Stone, Tabor, Van Trump, and
Woodward—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey, Barnes, Blackburn, Boles, Boyden, Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cornell, Delano, Dixon, Ed-
wards, Glossbrenner, Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard,'
Richard D. Hubbard, Kerr, Lincoln,Loan, Mallory,
Morrissev, Mullins, Newsham, Norris, Pierce, Pol-
icy, Sitgreaves, Stewart. Sypher, Tift, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B.
Washburno. Henry D.Washburn, John T. Wilson,
Wood, and Young—41.
Sf> (two-thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is
now before the House. The Clerk will report
the first-aroeudment.
. Mr. BGUTW.ELL, Have not la right to
the'-ftoob?.' - • ,
The SPEAKER. Tire gentleman has not,
after the order of the House suspending the
rules.
The Clerk reported the first amendment
offered by Mr. Logan-, to strike out the words
11 and hold office."
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative-—yeas 70, nays fJ3, not voting
57 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Delos £, Ashley, Axtell,
Uimum, Bock,Benton, Bingham, Boyor, Burr,Cory,
Oimnloi,Churchill, Coburn, Doekery, Eckloy, Eld-
ri,l<jo, Fields, Fox.Gaiiiold, Getz, Golladay, Grover,
Uaigbt, Halsoy, Higby, Holman, Hotchkiws, Chester
D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Ketcham. Knott, George V. Law-
rence, Lo$an, Marvin', McOomuuk, MeCullough,
Mercur, Milter,Moore. Moorhead,Morrell, Mungon,
Myow, Niblaek, Nicholson, O'Neill, Phelps, Pile,
Pruyti, flamhttl, Kaum, Robertson, Schonck, Sco-
field, Selye,Smith, Spalding, Starkweathcr.Storons,
Sronp, Tabcr, Tiff, Van Trump, William Williams,
Wooflbridge, aud Woodward—70.
NAYS—Mossrs. Allison, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Bcaman, Beatfy, Benjamin, Blaine,
Blair, Boutweil, Bowon, Brorawell, Broomall, Buck-
J ud, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Callis,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Cook,
(,'orley, Oullom, Dawes, Dickey, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, tigglcslon, El a, Thomas D. Eliot, Jiuncs T.
Elliott, jb'orriss, J'Vouch, (jloss, Gove, Gravely, Hamil-
ton, Uaughey, Ilcaton, Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd,
Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelney, Kitchen, Koontz, Laihn, Lu^h, William
Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McKee,
Newcomb, Nunn,0rtb, Paine, Perhaui. Peters, Pettis,
Pfko, Plants, Polnnd, Pomeroy, Prince, Roots, Saw-
yer,^ Shanks, Sholl&barger, Stoker, Stover, Sypher,
Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twieholl,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, William
B. Wtishhurn, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Wil-
liams, Stephen P. Wilson, and Windom—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes, Blaokhurn, Boles, Boyden,
Brooks, Benjamin P. Butler, Coinell, Covode, De-
lano, Dcweese, Dixon. Edwards, Parnsworth, Perry,
Ulo^shreimer, Griswold, Harding, Hawkins, Hill,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,Ingersoll,
Ken\ Lmcolo, Loan, Mallory, Marshall. McCaitby,
Morrissey, Mullins, Newsham, Norris, Pierce, PoU-
ley,Price, Robinson, Ross. Sitgreavca, Stewart, Tay-
lor, LawroncoS.Trimble, Van Auken, RobcrtT. Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Vidal, 0,ulw;tladf>r C. Washburn,
Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Washburn, James
1*. Wilson, John T. Wilson, YVood, and \ oung—57.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Bating the roll-call,
Mt. GETZ stated that his colleague Mr.
Glossbrehnkr was absent. If present he
would vote "ay."
The result having been announced as above,
the rpestion recurred ou the amendment ot
Mr. Hixbham, to strike out in line three the
words ' • by the'United States or," and to insert
in line four after the word " color" the words
"nativity, property, creed;" so t&at it will read
as follows:
The right of citizens of the United States to voto
and hold office shall not be. denied or abridged by
any State on account of race, color, nativity, prop-
erty, creed, or previous condition of servitude,
Mr. KELSEY and Mr. WHITTEMORE
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays "were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 70, not voting
60 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, James M! Ashley,
Axtell, Baker, Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Bing-
ham. Blaine, Boyer, Buckland, Burr, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Dockery*: Dodge,
Donnelly, Brings, Eckley, Egsleston, Ela, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Perry, Pox, Garfield, Getz, Gravely,
Griswold, Ilaiglit, Hamilton, Haughoy, Beaton, Hol-
man, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester!). Hubbard. Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kitchen, Knott, ' Koontz, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Marvin, McCormiek, MeCul-
lough, Mercur, M<?ore, Moorhead, Mungen, Myers,
Newcomb, Niblaek, Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Pettis,
Pile, Plants, Randall. Raum, Robinson, Ross,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stone, Stover, Taylor, Upson,
Robert T. Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, William
Williams, James P.Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Banks, Beaman,
Blair, Boutwell.Bowcn, Brorawell, Broomall, Buck-
lev, Bonjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Gary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Corley, Co-
vode, Dawes, Dickey, Thomas D. Eliot. James T.
Elliott, Ferriss, Fields, French, Golladay, Goss, Gove,
Grover,-Halsey, Hi?by, Hooper, Hulburd, Jonckes,
Johnson, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham. Laflin, Lash,
Loughridge, Maynard, McKoe, Miller, Morrell,
Nunn, O'Neill, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Poland, Pome-
roy,Price, Prince, Pruyn, Robertson, Roots, Sawyer,
y,Pr.   .        ,. . .... ... _ ..
)lye, Shellabarger, Stokes, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas,
Trimble. TrnwbriVljyft. Twifthell. Vn.ri Aernn.m.
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Aernam,
Burt Va.n Horn, and Ward—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Arnell, Bailey, Baldwin. Barnes, Benjamin, Black-
burn,' Boles, Boyden, Brooks, Callis, Chanler, Clift,
Cornell, Delano, Doweese, Dixon, Edwards. Gloss-
brenner, Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Thomas L.
jones, Kellogg, Kcir, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch,
Mallory, Marshall, McCarthy, Morrissey, Mullins,
Newsham, Norris, Peters, Pieice, Polsley, Sitgreaves,
Stewart, Tabur, Tift, Lawrcnce S. Trimble. Van
Auken, Van Trunin, Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B.
Washburno, Henry 0. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Young—00.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PETTIS said: Mr. Speaker, before
voting I wish to say that at the time the House
took a recess yesterday afternoon I went to my
room and from indisposition took to my bed,
giving directions not to be disturbed; and know
nothing of what occurred afterward in the
House until this morning.
Mr. LAFLIN stated that Mr. Likcoln was
absent on account of sickness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on
the substitute offered by Mr. Shellabarger.
Mr. SHKLLABAH.GEH. In view of the re-
sult of the last vote, and in order not to waste
.the time of the House, I think I ought to with-
draw my amendment, and with the leave of the
House £ will do so.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman has a right
to withdraw it before a vote.
Mr. &HKLLAKARGER. Then I withdraw it.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. ELDUJDGE. Upon that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 140, nays 87, not voting
40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James, M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Ronton, Bingham, "Blaine, Blair,
Boutwcll, Bowon, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Buckley, Bonjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Chuiohill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook. Corley, Covode, Cullom,
Dawes, Dickey, Dockery,' Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Egglcj>ton, Eia, Thomas D. Eliot, James T.
1 Elliotr, Farnsworlh, Ferriss, Perry, Fields, French,
! Gai field, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold, llaisey,
Hamilton, Haughey, Heaton, Higby, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkinc, Chester I>. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter,
Alexander H. Jones. Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, Lash'
Gooiye V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin, Maynard, McKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Pome, Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Prince, Raum,
Roots, Sawyer, Stfhenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes,
StoVer, Sypher, Taylor, Tafrc, Thomas. Tift, John
Trimble/Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Jlorn, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Whittemore. Thomas Williams, William Wil-
liams, James E.Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, Woodbndge, and the Speaker—WO.
NAY6—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnum; Beck,
Boyer, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Golladay,Grover, I-Iaight,Hawkins. Holman, Hotob-
kiss,Humphrey. Jenckes, Johnson, Knott, Marshall,
>McCormiek,McCullough, Mungen, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Phelps, Pruyn, Randall,Robinson, Ross-, Stone,
Tabor. Van Trump. Woodward, and Young—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Bailey,
Baldwin. Barnes, Blackburn, Boles, Boyden, Brooks,
Callis, Cornell, Delano, Deweese, Dixon, Edwards,
Glossoronner, Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll. Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Lincoln, Loan, Mallory, McCarthy, Morrissey, Mul-
lins, Newcomb, Newsham, Norris, Nunn, Pierce,
Pike, Polsley, Robertson, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Stewart. Lawrenee S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Wyck, Vidal, jSlihu B. Washburne, Hemy D. Wash-
burn, and Wood—46.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
joint resolution was passed.
During the call of the roll the following ex-
planations were made:
Mr. LOUGHRIDGrE. I desire to state that
Mr. Loan is absent on account of sickness. If
here he would vote uay."
Mr. FOX. My colleague, Mr. Wood, is con-
fined to his room by illness j if here he would
vote ''no.1' My colleague, Mr. Brooks, is
also absent, having been called away on im-
portant business. If here he would vote "no."
Mr. GETZ. My colleague, Mr. Glossbren-
ner, is still absent. If here he would vote
"no."
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague, Mr. Kerr,
is absent on public business. If here he would
vote "no."
Mr. ELDRIDGE.# Would it be in order to
move now to reconsider the vote by which this
joint resolution was passed, and to move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion by any
member who voted with the majority would he
in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I did not vote with
the majority ; so I cannot make that motion.
leave ob' absence.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Covode, desires leave of absence
for two days on account of sickness in his
family.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mis-
souri, Mr. Loan ; the gentleman from Georgia,
Mr. Gove, and the gentleman from Iowa, Mr.
Dodge, desire leave of absence from the ses-
sion of to-night, if there be one, on accouut
of sickness. The Chair desires to state that
hereafter he will ask leave of absence for
no member from evening sessions except on
account of illness. If no objection be made,
the leave asked for in the cases of the gentle-
men named by the Chair will be granted.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
indian appropriation ihiid.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the bill of the House, No. 1738, making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tiibes for the year ending 30th June, 1870, to-
gether with the amendments of the Senate
thereto, which have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, be printed for the
use of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
payment OV contracts in coin.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means House bill No.
1744, to strengthen the public credit and relat-
ing to contracts for the payment of coin.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
