1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
amendment with a view to have a committee
of conference appointed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator will not press this bill until the Senate
is fuller. There are some Senators who ob-
ject to its consideration, as they wish to offer
amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose simply to ask
for a committee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that; but there are some Senators who think
the bill ought not to go to a committee of con-
ference at all. I wish the Senator would post-
pone it until a little later period in the evening.
I do not propose to object to it myself, bat I
know that others do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any objection now. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] wished to look at it, and
he saw it in print, and I conversed with him
afterward about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
that he and some others will be present soon.
Mr. COLE. I think the reading had better
be concluded at any rate. I should like to
hear it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let the Chief
Clerk go on with the reading.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the House amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont I move that this bill
lie on the table for a few moments, until other
Senators come in.
The motion was agreed to.
superintendents 01' exports.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to take up three
or four bills to which 1 suppose there will be
no objection. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 438, to abolish the office of superintend-
ents of exports and drawback.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to repeal so much
of section twenty of the act entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxation and to amend an
act entitled 'An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay the interest
oil the public debt, and for other purposes,'
approved Juno 30, 18C4, and acts amendatory
thereof," approved July 1."!, 18G6, as author-
izes the appointment of superintendents of
exports and drawback, as likewise all other
acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this act;
and the office of superintendent of exports and
drawback is to be discontinued at once, and all
the books, papers, and other property now in
use by the superintendents are to be delivered
to such officer or officers as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall direct.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment in line fourteen, to strike
out the words "after the passage of this act "
and to insert " 15th of April next."
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the Senate will dis-
agree to the amendment. This bill was intro-
duced some time since, and the circumstances
have essentially changed. The bill ought to
pass at once. There are but four places at
which this officer has been appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury. The duties are now
performed under the law by a collector desig-
nated by him. and in but four cities they have
had this office of superintendent of exports.
He has regarded it as useless, and gave orders
on the 1st of January to have it discontinued;
but it has finally been continued until the 4th
of March. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment reported by the committee will be dis-
agreed to, leaving the bill as it stood originally.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the office of naval
officer in tho ports where tho same now exists, bo,
and the same is hereby, abolished, and the duties of
;- ueh office shall be hereafter performed by tho col-
lectors of said porte.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend from
Connecticut will not involve this little bill in
the disputes that will undoubtedly arise on that
amendment. The abolition of the office of
naval officer is a much larger question, one
that is likely to excite considerable discussion
and create division at once on this bill and
defeat the object of this evening session. I pro-
pose to call up several little bills that ought to
be passed, and to which I think there will be no
objection. The abolition of the office of naval
officer would naturally come from a different
committee and has no pertinence to the Com-
mittee on Finance. It would come from the
Naval Committee or the Committee on Com-
merce; but it would embarrass us in the passage
of this bill, which seeks simply to abolish an
office that is now no longer necessary.
Sir. FERRY. I prefer that the vote should
be taken on the amendment which I have
offered. I regard the office of naval officer as
one which is now entirely unnecessary. It
exists in but six ports of the United States.
By statute now the duties of naval officer iii
the ports where it does not exist are performed
by the collectors of those ports, and they can
be performed exactly as well by the collectors
of the ports where they do exist. It involves
an annual expense to the Government of some
hundreds of thousands of dollars, taking the
six ports together, which is an entirely need-
less expense. If we are about to commence a
system of retrenchment we certainly ought to
begin it by the abolition of sinecure offices. I
therefore prefer that the vote should be taken
on the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. The office of naval offi-
cer is just as useless as that of Auditor in your
Treasury. He is intended to be a check and
a guard upon the collector. Without him the
collector may manage his accounts just as he
pleases. You may save a great deal of money
by dispensing with all Auditors, with all men
who are a check upon the receivers of money.
I have no doubt you could save fifty or sixty
thousand dollars a year by abolishing the office
of naval officer at all the custom-houses. So
you could save money by abolishing the office
of surveyor of the port. You may say that all
these ofiieers are useless, comparatively, and
so tho collector of the port in a great many
places may be said to be useless. You could
have a clerk to keep the accounts and.do all the
business, perhaps ; and he could send his ac-
counts to the Treasury, and you could get
along without Auditors and collectors. But,
sir, J am not in favor of dispensing with any
check on disbursements. The man who saves
money by allowing an officer to have no cheek
upon him makes a great error. It is one of
those penny-wise and pound-foolish reforms
which we see proposed here every day almost,
certainly every year. Every now and then we
get a lit of economy and propose reforms of
this kind, but my experience is that they are
wrong. Perhaps the naval officer sometimes
gets too much pay; I know ho does in tho city
of New York ; and so does the collector of the
port ofNew Yotk. You could save that money
by other reforms, particularly in your bonded-
warehouse system and your hiring of gaugers
and of men who carry the freights from the
vessel to the custom-house. It is in these
items that great wrong is committed. I look
upon tho naval officer as one of the most im-
portant offices connected with our revenue sys-
tem, and I hone the office will not be abolished.-
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Michi-
gan, who is chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, is not here this evening. I know
that this question about the naval officer is
much more embarrassing and troublesome than
seems to be supposed. I trust the Senator from
Connecticut will withdraw his amendment, be-
cause it is a new question here. It is not right
to legislate in this way in the first place. The
proposition should properly come from another
committee, and has no pertinence to the bill
which relates to an officer of internal revenue.
If the Senator insists upon his amendment he
may break up a quorum.
Mr. FERRY. I do not intend to call for a
division.
Mr. SHERMAN. All right, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tho Senator from
Connecticut.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
interior department contracts.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, as this
evening has been devoted to finance I wish to
accommodate my friend from Ohio by making
a report which I know will meet with his ap-
probation ; and as a penny saved is two-pence
earned it will be perhaps as valuable as any-
thing we can attend to this evening. The Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 438) relating to
certain purchases by the Interior Department
have instructed me to report it baek with an
amendment, and I ask to have it considered at
the present time. I am sure there will be no
objection to it; butifthereislshall withdraw it.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior not to
receive or make payment for three hundred
thousand sheets of bond paper claimed to have
been ordered of the stationery contractor for
the Interior Department at a cost of $24,000 ;
and also to withhold payment on any bills
claimed to be due to those contractors the sum
of $2,380 charged and received for_printing
seventeen thousand patent heads, which work
was not performed by them ; and also the value
of forty thousand sheets of bond paper, at eight
cents per sheet, now in the custody of the con-
tractors, unless the same is returned ; and that
he also deduct from their unpaid bills the
amount charged for goods (not included in
their contract) above tho prices at which like
goods are sold in open market.
Mr. ANTHONY. In the fifteenth line the
Committee on Printing propose to amend the
joint resolution by inserting after the word
"goods" the words "in said unpaid bills;"
so as to read "and that he also deduct from
their unpaid bills the amount charged for goods
in said unpaid bills," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The object of this reso-
lution is to prohibit the Commissioner of Pat-
ents from executing a contract which the
committee have come to the conclusion "was
never entered into, or if it was entered into was
in violation of statute, and which proposes to
supply to the Government three hundred thou-
sand sheets of bond paper at eight cents a
sheet, which the contractors testified they had
manufactured at two cents a sheet.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed and the resolution to be read a
third time. The resolution was read the third
time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing if this is the same firm, one of whom was
committed to jail and pardoned out by the
President in less than two hours afterward?
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand this is the
same firm, the senior partner of which assaulted
General Duncan, an officer of the Patent Of-
fice, and then complained of himself before a
magistrate and was fined five dollars, I believe,
or a very small sum. The case was afterward
carried to the supreme court of the district,
where he was sentenced, I think, to $200 fine
and ten days' imprisonment, and was pardoned
by tlie President immediately after ; but that
has had nothing whatever to do with the consid-
eration of this resolution by the committee.
The joint resolution passed.
national currency".
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask for a vote on
my motion in regard to Senate bill No. 440.
