1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
this is to throw & very considerable amount of
power intothe eocpmitteeof conference. Now,
I desire tc>:know what will be the course of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance-. As
this stands it is wholly unlimited. As the bill
went from'the Senate at first itwstsbad enough;
but.it was limited to $20,000,000. Now it is
wholly indefinite ns tp the amount of redistri-
bution, and it will,depend upon who the officer
of the Treasury is in making distribution, for the
elements on which the basis is to be predicated,
as the Senator from Kansas has indicated, are
not exactly available. Hoy, for instance, is
the Secretary of .the Treasury to obtain the
amount of wealth, of property, for any State or
the population as the population has not been
taken since the year iyt>0?
Now, Mr. President, there is another point
in the case as to forcing these banks to have
their bonds sold in order to redeem their circu-
lation, and I shall desire to hear from the chair-
man and know his opinions about that point.
Mr. SHERMAN; What is that ?
Mr. M.0RRILL, of Vermont, About forcing
the banks to have their bonds lodged in the
Treasury for the security of their circulation,
to bo sold in c'ase of-default in returning to the
Treasury the amount of excess which they hold.-
But, Mr. President, I desire.to submit a sim-
ple proposition which, it seems to me, ought
to he accepted by-the Senate. Imove to amend
in line five, section four, after the word"above,"
by striking out all to the end of the section and
inserting—
To the extent of $40,000,000, and that ftn equal
amountof United States notes shall beretired as last
as said national banking currency shall be issued.
I would like a vote on that proposition inde-
pendently of anything else, for I should like to
have the opinion of the Senate in relation to it.
It seems to me that that will obviate the diffi-
culty of inflicting distress upon one part of the
country in order to grant relief to another.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, eight
o'clock at. night on the 22d of February is, to
my mind, a bad time for reflecting and acting
upon the subject of the Currency, the most
important one which. can affect the interests of
the country, and my experience is that it is the
least understood. I do not think there is a
gentleman in the Senate but what has some
plan by which he can at once get the country
out of its difficulties.
Mr. POMERO Y. I wish the Senator would
speak louder ; we are unable to hear him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
too much conversation in the Chamber.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senate will excuse
me ; it is not in my ability to speak louder late
at night, when I have a very bad cold. But I
was about saying that this is the wrong time to
mature a plan to redeem our currency from its
unfortunate condition. There is no subject so
little understood in the world as that of cur-
rency. Our country is a peculiar one in con-
nection with the currency, different from all
others in the world; and there are but very
few countries in the world where they know
anything about it. Now, we are here at eight
o'clock at night on the 22d of February, after
gentlemen have just returned from their din-
ners, without any preparation for this great
subject and are going to decide perhaps the
destines of this country for the next twenty
years. I do not believe this is the time. I
have a panacea as all other gentlemen have;
and if you will give me time to-morrow, if you
like, or any other day, I will present my nos-
trum; and I am willing that every other Sena-
tor should produce his, and then we shall see
whose is the best. But you have a bill here
which nobody has read unless, perhaps, the
chairman of the committee has read it. It
inig.it be rude for me to say that perhaps
scarcely no member of the committee has read
tins bill, and yet we are going to pass a bill
which is to control the currency, the business,
and the fortunes of every man in this great
< mintry. Why should we do so?
We are about ending an Administration ; we
are about changing, as I think, a bad man for
a good man. Had we not better wait until the
bad man. has gone out and the good man has
come in? .Let us have the benefit of his wis-
dom, his sagacity, and his patriotism.' If I
could talk on any subject for an hour I think
I might on this for two or three; but I will
content myself by now moving to postpone thia
question for the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the con-
troversy between the two Houses is a very sim-
ple one. The Senate after full debate and full
consideration provided for the withdrawal from
States that have more than their measure of
national bank circulation of $20,000,000 with
a view to give that to the South and West. The
House of Representatives was not satisfied with
our limited measure and undertook to revise
and redistribute-the whole banking circulation
of the United States. That would be called a
radical or sweeping measure. I think it is en-
tirely too much so. I cannot deny in some
respects'the justice of the proposition of the
House of Representatives; but consideringthe
circumstances by which we are surrounded the
Committee on Finance thought it was too wide-
sweeping and not sufficiently considered. I
could point out many objections to the fourth
section of the House proposition and show that
it is impracticable, thatitis too wide-sweeping,
that it is' not necessary; but we thought it
was better simply to disagree with the House
and fall back on the original proposition of
the Senate, which would give to the South
$20,000,000 of banking circulation. I have
therefore simply moved that we disagree to
the House amendment and ask for a commit-
tee on conference.
My honorable friend from Vermont knows
all about this matter, because he is a member
of the Committee oil Finance. He knows pre-
cisely the difference between the two proposi-
tions; and now, as an amendment to the House
bill in regard to banking circulation, he pro-
poses to withdraw $40,000,000 of greenbacks.
It is simply idle. My friend may defeat this
bill; he may prevent us from giving any bank-
ing circulation at all to the West and South in
States that have none. He may go off on this
cQliateral question as to whether greenbacks
should be retired in order to give place to na-
tional bank circulation. He may open a wide
latitude of debate on banking and currency,
greenbacks, and bonds ; and the Senate would
at once become weary of that question, and
they would say that it is too great a subject to
be discussed to-night. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania would get tired and want to go home,
and would move to postpone it.
Now, it seems to me that we ought to confine
the operation of this measure to the limited
amount of $20,000,000, as proposed by the
Senate originally, and withdraw that amount
of circulation from those States that now have
an excess, and allow them, if they choose, to
transfer their banks to the South. Or we may
defeat this measure, and next session there is
no power under heaven that can prevent a
wide-spread redistribution of the banking cir-
culation of the United States. The very fact
that there are now $160,000,000 of circulation
issued by banks in States where there are less
than seven million people, and that in all the
rest of the United States there are but §140,-
000,000, will cause eventually achange. Now,
we desire to avoid this—to satisfy a reasonable
demand—to give reasonable facilities in the
South and West, and avoid this unequal dis-
tribution of banking circulation ; and I have
no doubt, from all the information we get from
members of the Committee on Banking and
Currency in the House of Representatives, that
they will be satisfied with this partial measure
of redistribution, and that this controversy may
be postponed at least until the whole question
can be discussed and fully considered.
Mr. WILSON. Vv hat do }rou propose?
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply propose to stand
by the Senate bill, to require a redistribution
of $20,000,000 of banking circulation. So far
as I know there is no one in New England who
is not willing to adopt this suggestion. I
move, therefore, to disagree to the House
amendment with a view to have a committee
of conference to see whether or not they will
agree to our measure. If we go beyond that
and embark in the question of withdrawing
greenbacks on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont we enter on a wide sea, and we may
as well abandon the whole project entirely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My main
object has been accomplished. I desired to
have the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance state to the Senate what his views were.
He has done so, and I withdraw the amend-
ment which I offered.
Mr. CAMERON. I disagree entirely with
the chairman of the Committee on Finance on
this subject. He says his intention is to adhere
to the action of the Senate; but he admits, at
the same time, lhat his object is to get a com-
mittee of conference. I am not willing to trust
so important a subject as this to any commit-
tee of conference at the close of the session.
It is too important a matter to intrust to any
three or four or five or six men. It is so
important that I think we should have a sensi-
ble decision of the whole Senate and the whole
House of Representatives upon it. I look to
the time, not very far distant, when you will
have to separate the banks from the Govern-
ment. I predict here, and say it now for the
future, that no Government which is connected
with a banking system can pay specie and be
independent of the convulsions of commerce.
Our present banking system was an expedient
got up when the country was in an extremity.
It was done to save the Treasury. I know that
the State banks generally went into the system
only through patriotism. They have lost by
it and they are losing by it. Presently you will
find that the Government will see it to be its
interest to be separated from them, and I know
it is the interest of the banks to separate from
the Government now. Their connection is like
ahving body tied to a lifeless one. The Gov-
ernment never can resume specie payments
while it lias all this banking system tied to it,
and the banks never can pay specie while they
have your $2,500,000,000 of Government debt
tied to them. We have got to separate them ;
each must depend upon itself. The interests
of the country must depend upon themselves,
regardless of the Government, and the Govern-
ment must take care of itself. Now, to talk
about regulating a system of currency which
will bring this country out of its difficulties by
the report of a committee of conference in the
last week of the session is not acting like wise
men. It is acting, if I dare make use of such
an expression, like children afraid of a ghost
in the distance and willing to drive it off and
to take any expedient to get rid of the danger
which they apprehend from their fears.
No, Mr. President, let us put this matter
off until we get a new Administration here,
when we can sit down without prejudice and
consult about it with a new Secretary of the
Treasury, a new President, with men in office
who will have the interest of the. country at
heart. Now, sir, I do not believe in this tink-
ering with the currency; and it is tinkering to
send this question to a committee of confer-
ence and ask them to give us an expedient for
the moment. You had better cut off the leg
at once than to wait for the gangrene which
will follow after it has been bruised. 1 am
never in favor of that sort of thing, and I trust
the Senate will agree to my motion to post-
pone the whole subject for the present.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill.
_ The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The ques-
tion now is on postponing the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Then an amendment is
not in order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not till
the question of postponement is settled. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
1 ennsylvania, to postpone the bill. Is it an
indefinite postponement that is proposed?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CATTELL. I hope the motion for
