1889,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
Mr. BECK. I merely desire to say on be-
half' of the minority of the committee that there
is not a man recommended here who is not
as thoroughly a Republican as any gentleman
on this floor.
A Member. Mr. Mullins included?
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir; that gentleman in-
cluded. [Laughter.] The reason the miuority
were willing this list should be reported now
was because we were assured that another bill
would be reported, in which a large number
of persons of both political parties would be
ecommended for the removal of disabilities.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, 1 would like to
ask the gentleman from Illinois if it is abso-
lutely necessary for a rflan to petition Con-
gress an his own behalf in order to get his
case considered by the committee?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir ; X do not
understand it is absolutely necessary he should
do so himself. We regard it, however, as bet-
ter evidence of a man's loyalty and disposition
to accept the situation if he comes and asks
for relief than if he stands upon his dignity,
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I understood it
was necessary he should petition on his own
behalf.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have no rule.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. There is one
other question I would like to ask. If Colonel
Mosby was to petition the Congress of the
United States for a removal of his disabilities,
confessing his fault and professing himself a
loyal citizen, would not gentlemen of the Re-
publican party in this House be in favor of a
removal of his disabilities?
Mr. MULLINS. I would have to see the
blood run from his knees all the way from
here to Mecca in penitent confession before I
would do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to me for a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois whether there is any
particular reason why the gentlemen whose
names are reported in this bill as fit subjects
for amnesty should receive this favor any more
than the large mass of the men who were
engaged in the rebellion ? The gentleman has
stated that they are vouched for by somebody,
but he has not given us any reason why these
gentlemen should receive this benefit.
Now, I think we should either do one of two
things ; we should cither relieve all who were
engaged in the rebellion of the disabilities
imposed by the Constitution, or else we should
be careful in our selection ; we should know
why it is that we extend this amnesty ; we
should have some report from the committee
that would be satisfactory to the House of the
reasons why this amnesty should be extended.
I am unwilling to give this favor to any men
who were engaged in the rebellion unless some
specific reason is given why they should be
made exceptions from the large mass of those
engaged in the rebellion. If this thing is to
be repeated daily of the committee reporting
a number of names and the gentleman having
charge of the subject moving theprevious ques-
tion, the House knowing nothing about the
cases, we might as well make a clear sweep of
it and extend amnesty to every one, including
Jeff. Davis, Raphael Semines, ajjsl John C.
Breckinridge. *
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
New York on every occasion, I believe, when
a bill has been reported to relieve anybody of
disabilities has made the same criticism as he
has just made. I will read for his information
and the information of the House the voucher
in one of these cases, and if the House desires
to hear them J have similar vouchers with a
report in each case, which I now hold in my
hand.
Mr. WA ED. I simply ask the gentleman to
state any reason, if he has got any, why these
men should be relieved. He has given no
reason as yet.
Mr. F4.RNSWQRTS. I da yiejd tQ the
40th Cong. 3d Sess,—No. 31.
gentleman. _ This bundle of papers, furnish-
ing a report in each case, may be printed in the
Globe if gentlemen desire it; but I will read
to the House now a specimen of the cases
which I have reported. Here is the case of
Ira Garrett.: ].
Chap.lottesville, Ya„ December 10,18GS. !
To the Uonoi able the Senate and Houseof Revvesmta- \
tives of the United States : \
Gentlemev ; The undersigned respectfully pravs !
your honorable bodies to relieve him of the disabili-
ties imposed upoii hini by the fourteenth article of
the Constitution of the United States, and tlio "re-
construction acts;" and as in duty bound he wiii
ever pray, &c.
IRA GARRETT.
Judge Alexander Rives has my petition to Con-
gress for a removal of my disabiliiies.
IRA GARRETT.
Remarks.
The following is an acourato statement of the
offices held beforo the war, the acts committed in
support of the rebellion, and the present political
status of the above named:
Mr. Ira Garrett is seventy-six years of age—was
elected clerk of the county court in 1831, and clerk
of oircuit court, of Albemarle, in 1852, and has con-
tinued to act ill eaeii court to the present time.
He gave no support to the rcbcllum other than
sympathy, which was carried out by feeding tho
hungry soldiers, and attending to tho wants of the
sick.
He accepts the political situation of the country.
He is now a Republican, and indorsod tho recon-
struction policy of Congress.
0. l. thompson,
Member of Convention, Ohdiiinnn Itiejuibliaui
Committee, Ath>'iiiar/r County, 1 «.
.TAJI1IS T. L. TAYLOR. .
Member Conititutlontd Convention,
Judge Alexander Rives hns mv petition to Con-
gress to relievo me of my disabilities.
IRA GARRETT.
Now, that is a specimen of the whole. All
the cases that I have reported are vouched for
in a similar manner. The gentleman from
New York can examine them if he wishes, or
they can be printed if the llouse desires it. I
move the previous question.
Mr. McKEE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; I must
insist on the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SHANKS demanded the yeas and najs
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WARD called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and on a division theie
were—ayes 07, noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. EIamlix, !
one of its Clerks, informed the House that the J
Senate had passed House bill No. 1JC0, regu- j
lating the duties on imported copper and cop- j
per ores, with an amendment, in which the j
! concurrence of the House was requested. !
! The message further informed the House
I that the Senate had insisted upon its amend-
! ments to House bill No. I5o8, to amend an
act entitled "An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions, approvedFebruar)' 10, ISal, had agreed
to the committee of conference asked by the
House, and had appointed Mr. Coxicling, Mr.
Fbeuxghuysei.", and Mr. Vicktrs, tho con-
ferees upon the part of the Senate.
GOLD gONTKACTS.
Mr. I uganimous qQnijeitt to
introduce for consideration at this time the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of providing by iawthatexistingcontracts, and
those which may hereaitor bemadc, may bo adjusted
and paid in gold on the basis of the i elntivo yalue of
gold and United States notes.
No objection was made; aud the resolution
was received.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution.
_ Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that this resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. JULTAN. I would prefer to have this
subject go to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means have this subject before them now.
Mr. JULIAN. Very well; I will not object
to its being referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The motion of Mr. Sohexck was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLBR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OllDliU OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced. The first, business during
the morning hour is the call of committees for
reporls, commencing with the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and of'the War of 1812.
ISAAC PHILIPS, DKCEASr.D.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 1745) for the relief
of the estate of Isaac Philips, deceased, who
was a private in the revolutionary war ; which
was lead a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was lead, directs that there
shall be paid out of the pension fund, or out
of any money in the Tieasury not othevwiso
appi opriated, to Sally Philips, daughter-in-law
of Isaac Philips, deceased, the sum of §500
in full of all claims for pension due from tho
United States to said Philips, Sally Philips
having nursed and taken care of him in his
declining years.
Mr. 11ILLER. It is, perhaps, proper that
I should make a brief statement of the facts
in this case. Isaac Philips was apiivatein
the revolutionary war. 13y virtue of an act
passed in 1832 he was placed on the pension-
roll with a pension at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per annum, which, by an act of March 3,
1857, was changed to a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the 4th of March,
1831, and a certificate issued for the pension
duo under the provisions of this act amount-
ing to S1.U70. A man by the name of Abial
Sawyer had been acting for the old man, and
claimed a power of attorney to collect his pen-
sion, but it only i elated to the first pension
granted, to wit, twenty dollars per annum.
Afterward a man of the name of Lawrence
Bess, together with said Abial Sawyer, weutto a
justice of tho peace in Tioga county. Penn-
sylvania, of the name of Henry Lord, andgot
out a blank power of attorney to have old Mr.
Philips to empower him to draw the $1,976
; pension, and stated that it was mere matter of
| form, and that it was not necessary to send for
i old Isaac Philips ; that Sawyer would place the
i old man's mark to it, and under sotnepre-
! tense got two witnesses to witness the paper,
! and the justice to certify it in same manner as
if the old revolutionary soldier had been before
him. At that time the old man resided some
two and a half miles from the justice's office,
and was both deaf and blind. Sawyer and
Lawrence then got a certificate of the eierk of
the court of Potter county that Henry Lord,
before whom the paper purported to be exe-
cuted, was an acting justice of the pea
then went to Philadelphia aud dvew&QnSk*- $•
Anderson, agent Qf the 1Jnit§4
