1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
148S
indefinite postponement will not prevail. The
Senate discussed this bill very fully at the last
session, and the opinion of Senators was quite
freely expressed at the time we passed it and
sent it to the House of Representatives. ■ They
return it to us with an amendment making a
radical change in the most prominent feature
of the bill, one which in the judgment of the
Finance Committee and in my own judgment
is not at all admissible, certainly not at the
present time. It is now proposed that we shall
disagree to the House amendment and:ask for
a conference committee, with the declaration
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
that he proposes simply to stand for what has
already been passed by the Senate. -
Under these circuinstances I think it is
hardly worth while to debate the question. This
is the only material matter involved, although
the bill comprises a number, of other items.
This one proposition is the most important of
all. The motion now is simply that we shall
appoint a, committee of conference with, the
understanding that they shall stand by what
the Senater after full discussion, did upon this
question a few months ago. So it is not a fresh
question, as my friend from Pennsylvania sup-
poses.
Mr. CAMERON, Can we make conditions
when we appoint a committee of conference?
I think not, but perhaps my friend from New
Jersey knows more about the rules than I do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have the
chairman's word.
Mr. CAMERON. The chairman's word is
sufficient if he will say that he will agree to
nothing but what the Senate has passed upon;
but I have never understood him to say in this
discussion that he intended to stand by the
action of the Senate. The Senator from New
Jersey says that this bill has been fully dis-
cussed in the Senate, and that the intention
now is to send it back to the House of Rep-
resentatives and agree to nothing but what the
Senate has done. I say that if we send- the
question to the committee of conference we
shall have no power over it afterward; but the
Senator from Vermont says that the word of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,,
that no alteration from the action of the Senate
shall be allowed, is sufficient. To that I reply
that, if the Senator from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, will say that he
will accept nothingbut what the Senate adopted
before, I will agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly would not
make such a declaration as that, because then
there would be no use of asking for a confer-
ence. What I did say—and what the Senator
from Pennsylvania knows to be the practical
solution—-is this: I would not desire to con-
sent now to make a radical redistribution of
the banking circulation; but I believe-the
S20.000,000, the amount provided for by the
Senate, is amply sufficient for a year or more to
secure the South and West what circulation
they can absorb for a time, and that lam willing
to take; and I think it is wise statesmanship to
give them that promptly. It ought to have
been done at the last session. They ought to
have these banking facilities on the same foot-
ing precisely as all the other States. But if a
committee of conference is appointed, as a
matter of course they will have to report their
action to the two Houses. The only real point
of disagreement is the fourth section, which is
easily understood. If a committee of confer-
ence appointed by the Chair does not carry out
the wishes of the Senate they will have it
entirely in their power tinallv.
Mr. CAMERON. That is just what I ex-
pected from the chairman of the Committee on
Finance; just what he ought, to have Said : and
intelligent as he is. he could have said nothing
else. Therefore, 1 am now, it' possible, more
determined in my desire to have this matter
postponed indefinitely. Let us get clear of it
for the present, and wait until the new Admin-
istration comes in and until we get more light
on the subject. I do not, like these committees
of conference. 'J'hey will do upon small mat-
te,r'? ?/ PoMcy; bit not upon great questions
which are to-affect the whole world. It ki)6t
only our own country that is to be affected .-by
this question, of currency, butthe whole world- ;
the commerce, of the world and.the "trade of
the .world dependupon "it. - As P said a little
while ago, we all think we understand this
question well ;'but I never saw a man who un-
derstood it so! well that he could stand up
against the arguments of - anybody else who sat
down beside him aud talked with him. I think
we ought to have time to consider the matter,
and I trust Senators will give us time. Let
us get rid of this' bill for the present and at-
tend .to those matters of business in which
we all have an interest; which we all under-
stand, and which we can dispose of, and not
take up this question so far above the moment
and try to give it the preference over the more
common affairs which we ought to dispose of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion. is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to postpone the bill indefinitely.
. The motion was not agreed to.
_ Mr. CORBETT.' I desire to offer an addi-
tional section to the bill, thinking, perhaps, it
may have a tendency to compensate the; east;
ern States to some extent for the loss of
currency which they will sustain in ease tliis
redistribution takes place. I desire to offer
substantially .the fifth section, with some amend-
ments, of Senate bill No. 'rag. 1 will ask the
Clerk to read it as I have amended it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it farther enacted. That any banking associa-
tion now organized or that may be hereafter organ-
ized under the act entitled "An act to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3,lSd-t, is hereby au-
thorized, without respect to the limitations of S'iOO,-
000,000 of circulating notes prescribed by the twenty-
second section of said act, to fesue and circulate as
money its notes not bearing interest and payable on
demand in coin, and such coin notes shall be obtained
in the mode provided in the said act as to other cir-
culating notes, and shall be paid upon demand in
coin instead of in United States notes, and shall only
be issued to the amount of sixty-iivepercent. of the
bonds of tlie-United States bearing not less than five
per cent, interest in coin deposited with the Treas-
urer of the United States as sccurityforthe redemp-
tion of said coin notes: And provided further. That
every banking association organized or existing un-
der this section shall be. and is hereby, required to
receive at par for any debt or liability to said asso-
ciation any and all notes or bills payableon demand
in coin issued byanysuch association existing under
and by viitue of the requirements of this section,
and none others. No bank shall receive less than
§50,000 of such coin notes, and such banks and such
coin notes shall be subject, in all respects, to the
limitations, conditions, and provisions of said act.
Mr. CORBETT. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance will notice that I have
amended the section in such a manner that
the banks forming under this provision shall
be obliged to take the bills of other banks
formed under the same section and not be
compelled to take the bills of banks now issued
under the ninety per cent, provision of law.
Therefore these banks can establish themselves
upon a coin basis and circulate their medium
and be obliged to redeem that circulation in r ^
coin. It simply gives to such banks as desire !i public moneys-
ordinary course t f; proceeding. . Some of us,
of course, cannot accede to this proposition
that comes from the House of Representatives;
but if -we stop and 'debate it "how we mast
necessarily spend a great deal of time about it
that amy be saved. We know wis at the opinion
of the: Committee on Finance is.upon the sub-
ject. If a committee of. conference be ap-
pointed as proposed and they cometothe con-
clusion to accept the proposition of-the House,
we catr then, when the necessity arises, have
the'contest-apon it, I do aot see the neces-
sity of having it in advance, -1.do not accede
to th«. idea, of my friend from Pennsylvania
that after they have reported, necessarily that
report must be adopted. ' I have known such
reports to be rejected; So far as L am con-
cerned, I should hesitate a great while and at-
tempt to make considerable of a fight before I
would agreeio any such proposition. But I do
not see the necessity of spending this evening
in contesting- the matter when it is proposed
to do a simple thing; that is to adhere to the
bill which we have passed and which is satis-
factory to the Senate so far: Then, if we take
the course which is suggested we can spend
time afterward if it becomes necessary, and I
would go as fer as the honorable-Senator from
Pennsylvania in contending against the propo-
sition of the House at this time. The time
may come when it may be wise to make a divi-
sion ; but at present it would be attended with
such gross injustice and so much distress to the
country that I do not think thre Senate would
agree to it at the present moment under any
state of affairs merely for the sake of making
a new division. I hope, therefore, that with-
out debating the merits of the proposition the
course as suggested by the Committee on Fi-
nance will be adopted. I believe that when I
had the honor to be a member of the Comtnii-
tee on Finance our advice was always good,
although sometimes not followed, and I am dis-
posed to give the same consequence to the
advice of the Committee on Finance now,
especially in this case.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, this is an
old bill which the Senate adopted last year to
prevent the-country banks from getting interest
on their deposits.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. There is nothing of
that sort in it'."
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, yes, there is.
Mr. CATTELL. Not a word like it.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us read it:
That every national banking association selected
as a depository of public moneys under the provisions
of section forty-five of the national currency act shall
deposit United States bonds with the Treasurer of
the United States as security for such deposits; and
whenever the public moneys deposited in such asso-
ciation shall exceed ninety per cent, of the par v alue
of the bonds so held by the Treasurer as security it
i shall be the duty of the Treasurer forthwith, by draft
; or otherwise, to redace the amount of such deposits
' to a sum not exceeding ninety per cent, of the bonds
1 deposited as herein specified. If any officer or agent
i of any association designated as adopository ofpub-
i lie moneys shall pay or oScr to pay any umney or
i other valuable consideration, directly or indirectly,
' for the purpose of obtaining or retaining deposits of
to take advantage of this provision the oppor-
tunity to form upon a coin basis. Many banks
in the eastern States and perhaps upon the
Pacific coast can be formed upon a coin basis.
The Government can issue to-them notes to the
extent of sixty-five per cent, of the bonds de-
posited with the Treasurer, and they be obliged,
as I said before, to take the bills of any such
banks formed under this section as I propose j
it, and not to take the bills of the other banks j
issued under the ninety per cent, provision. 1
That will relieve the banks and give them an ,
opportunity to form under this section without
any trouble; and I think it may compensate ,
the eastern States to a certain extent for with- ;
drawing a certain amount of this circulation ;
that we propose now. :
Mr. FESSKNDEN. It strikes me that we i
are wasting time, and that the sensible mode ;
would be to follow the advice of the Commit- j
tee on Finance. They have looked into this [
subject and are unanimous, as I understand, j
What thev sinjsresl is nothing more than the i
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me suggest to the
honorable Senator that that is already agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. It goes on—
Or if any officer or agent of the Government shall
receive any money or other valuable consideration,
directly or indirectly, for making &uoh deposit of
What section is that?
The first section.
That is agreed to by both
public moneys.
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. CAMERON.
Mr. SHERMAN.
Houses.
Mr. CAMERON. Then there is a provision
which we. discussed before :
That there shall bo allowed to receivers of na-
tional banking associations, appointed m accordance
with the provision^ of'the national currency act, in
full compensation for their services, a salary of
$i,500 per annum, and in addition thereto a coxuuiis-
sion of two per cent, upon the first flOO.OOO.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is> right.
Mr. CAMERON. No; it is twice as much
as they ought to have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is less than
they get now.
