258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Naturalization, <&c.—Mr. Robinson.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
orable contestant a Republican than you could
make out of me a Democrat. When the Chaves
party found itself defeated, believing that party
prejudices might advance their cause in Con-
gress, like the wolf in sheep's dress, they raised
tiie cry of party. I, Mr. Speaker, had to leave
my country on account of my sentiments of
Republicanism. I went to New Mexico shortly
after the close of the Mexican war, in one
hand an ox whip and in the other an ax to cut
a road for my team to carry supplies to our
suffering soldiers in that distant Territory. In
that country I found an honest and a hospi-
table people, and I did link my destiny with
them.
It should astonish no one that there are still
found in that Territory a few nabobs or proud,
hereditary, domineering, rich men, who still,
dreaming of days long gone by, in order to
retain their power should even furnish money
to bribe an official and thus devise means to
prevent a stranger—an ox-driver, as they called
itin New Mexico during the political campaign,
but what is now denominated a carpet-bagger—
from representing them in the counsels of the
nation. If you desire to maintain and perpet-
uate the influence of a few men whose power
is only a remnant of the feudalism that pre-
vailed under the old peon-driving monarchy of
Spain you will vote to give the contestant this
seat. If you desire to extend the area of civil-
ization, to encourage emigration to and to
promote the growth and wealth of this remote
portion of our domain, you will reject the evi-
dence which has passed under the manipula-
tion of the political adventurer who by some
strange accident holds position in the Terri-
tory, and carry out the will of the people of
New Mexico as expressed in the election, and
confirm the right of the sitting member to his
peat.
Naturalization, Ireland, Fenianism, Bight
of Expatriation, Protection to
Citizens, Ac.
SPEECH OF HON. W. E. EOBINSON,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
March 2, 1869.
The House having under consideration the Presi-
dent's message relating to naturalized citizens irn-
prisoned in Ireland, See.—
Mr. ROBINSON said:
Mr. Speaker: On the 3d of February, 18G8,
I introduced a bill to establish a uniform rule
ot naturalization, to allow bona jide residents
of this country who had no home and intended
to have none except in this country to become
citizens, leaving the right of suffrage to be de-
termined by the States, which usually require a
year's residence before voting. At that time
neither party had made their nominations for
the Presidency. Leading Republicans—the
distinguished dead of Pennsylvania, Mr. Ste-
vens, the eloquent Senator from Illinois, Mr.
1 ates, the powerful head of the New York
Iribnne, Mr. Greeley, with other Republican
Senator*, -Representatives, and editors—were
known to be in favor of some such bill as I
then introduced. _ When I proposed that bill I
had uo doubt of its passage or the passage of
some bill substantially like it. It had been dis-
covered that all men were created equal and
had an inalienable right to self-government.
The sky of my confidence was serene and cloud-
less through the May of Chicago and the July
ot New York, and up to election day in No-
vember. That bright sky is now clouded. It
seems, in place of facilitating naturalization
and conforming that department of citizenship
to the doctrine of manhood or universal suf-
frage, that every obstacle is to be thrown into
the path which leads to the ballot-box, at least
for those who have the misfortuneto have-been
born ill Ireland or with a white skin.
It is a curious, if not also a lamentable fact,
that before every election appeals are made to
naturalized voters with such prodigality that the
more unsuspecting seem bewildered in their
efforts to distinguish between their real and
pretended friends. It is natural for them there-
fore to suspend their judgment till after elec-
tion to see whether the tone of compliment in
either party may change. Far be it from me
to try to make capital for this or that party out
of the question now before the House, but I
must be permitted to say that no party can ever
gain the confidence and support of the natu-
ralized citizens, however prodigal they may be
before election in what at home is called " blar-
ney," if after election they blacken their char-
acter and try to abridge their privileges. Now,
I contend:
1. That naturalization, in place of having
more restrictions thrown around it and made
more difficult, should be made easier and less
expensive.
2. That under our advanced ideas of "man-
hood suffrage" our naturalization laws are
unjust and illiberal.
3. That the best plan to prevent naturaliza-
tion frauds is to let every bona fide resident of
our country vote for the officers who are to
make and execute laws for the government of
his person and property.
4. That obstructing immigration is as much
a crime now as it was when the immortal signers
of the Declaration of Independence charged it
as such upon King George.
5. That throwing obstacles in the way of
naturalization is obstructing immigration. You
cannot induce large immigration of Europeans
if they are classed lower than Africans. That
we should so far encourage immigration as to
offer free passage from all European countries
to the United States to every proper person of
sound mind and body, either in our national
vessels or by a paid steam marine, and a free
voice in the choice of those who shall govern
them here.
6. That the people of Ireland and Germany,
the two great sources of our population, are
sound republicans, and need no state of pro-
bation to teach them how to vote.
7. That the only excuse ever offered for a
five-years' probation for aliens, or any proba-
tion at all, was that they might learn how to
vote, and this excuse has been rendered absurd
by our recent legislation to secure universal
manhood suffrage and admitting the most
ignorant to the ballot-box.
8. That the useless provision in our Consti-
tution prohibiting any naturalized citizen from
being President or Vice President of the United
States should be abolished, leaving the Amer-
ican people free to choose the best men for
these offices, irrespective of birth or previous
condition.
9. That every proper person settling in this
country should be allowed to become a citizen
as soona9 he produces evidence satisfactory to
any court of record that he has no residence,
either present or prospective, elsewhere, and
that it is bona fide his intention to remain in
the country and be true to the Constitution.
10. That the subject of voting should be left
with the several States, or if regulated by Con- I
gress should be on one year's residence in the !
State in which the vote is cast, and if an alien
by birth six months' previous citizenship. i
11. Ihe best way to prevent any person ,
breaking over a fence to get at the enjoyment I
of any inalienable right is to take away the j
fence. Why should earth, air, water, or suf- 1
frage be monopolized? j
12. That every effort to confine naturaliza- i
tion to the United States courts is simply an !
ettort to render naturalization impossible, and !
is therefore a revival of the creed of Know-
Nothingism; and
l'J. Ihat the obstacles already thrown in the
way of naturalization, by State laws requir-
ing additional time and unequal registration.
have prevented some twenty per cent, or more
of those legally entitled to naturalization and
suffrage from the enjoyment of those rights
under our laws.
From the earliest times we have had this
anti-immigration policy. Not contented with
the wise provision in the bill of 1790, made by
Congress under Washington, requiring only
two years' residence in the country and one year
in the State, it was increased to fourteen ye.irs.
Our minister to England, Rufus King, thought
our country would be disgraced if such men
as Thomas Addis Emmett were allowed to emi-
grate to this country, and protested to Lord
Castlereagh against it. This anti-Irish feeling
cropping out here now, if successful at any
time, would have ruined as it would now ruin
the country. Had the wishes of such men as
Rufus King prevailed what would have been
the destiny of our country ? Say, for instance,
if these loyal leaguers of a former day had
stopped immigration in 1790? Our free popula-
tion then wets three million two hundred and
fifty thousand. Their descendants, it is esti-
mated in a report made by the chairman of the
Committeee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks]
to this House January 27, 1868, would now be
less than ten millions; and less than fourteen
millions, the whole colored population includ-
ed. The balance of the people, some twenty-
four millions, are immigrants or descendants
of immigrants arriving in this country since
1790. Had these anti-immigration men had
their way we would be a mere pigmy in the
family of nations. Twenty-two millions of our
people would have given their resources, genius,
fame, and power to other countries. They
would be aliens here. We should have had
no Grant and no Sheridan. Steamboat navi-
gation and the electric telegraph, reaping ma-
chines and cylinder presses, would have been
European and not American discoveries. Ful-
ton and Morse, McCormick and Hoe, would
have made other nations famous. The same
spirit if now indulged -would compel other
Fultons and Morses, McCormicks and Hoe.-:,
to be born abroad.
This whole outcry of naturalization frauds,
principally aimed at New York and Brooklyn,
and at their residents of Irish birth and de-
scent, is wicked and dishonest. More frauds
are perpetrated in other parts of the country
than in New York and Brooklyn. These two
cities have never had their just share ot'power
or their full vote either in the State or nation.
In other parts of the country one out of every
four or five vote; in New York city and Brook-
lyn only one out of every five or six vote.
These cities are the heart, the brain, the enter-
prise of the country. They have more schools,
more education, more refinement, more wealth,
more intellect, more newspapers, than any
other population of equal number in the world.
Governors elsewhere would hardly be compe-
tent for New York constables! Judges from
rural districts would lack talent safely to cross
Broadway in omnibus times! These two cities
contribute more than their quota of soldiers
to our armies, money to our Treasury, and char-
acter to the country, more than any other equal
number of population elsewhere in the Union.
The numberof fraudulent native voters islarger
than that of fraudulent naturalized voters. A
native fraudulent vote is easier than a natu-
ralized fraudulent vote. I presume that more
fraudulent Republican votes were cast in the
southern States within the last twelve months
than all the fraudulent Democratic votes cast
in New York since the foundation of our Gov-
ernment. More fraudulent votes by unnatural
ized colored men, I presume, were east in our
last November election than all the fraudulent
white naturalized votes cast in New York since
the first grand fraudulent pipe laying in that
city over a quarter of a century ago.
And what does the whole of this naturaliza-
tion fraudulent vote amount to? What has
caused all this commotion throughout the coun-
