1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. CAMERON. The great objection I have,
Mr. President, is to leaving it to a committee
of conference whose report will come in here
at the close of the session when the Senator
from Maine and other clear-headed gentlemen
like himself will not have time to give their at-
tention to it, and we shall have pirt upon lis a
bill which will control the whole business of
the country for a year at least without any
proper consideration- This is one of the ques-
tions that ought to have time for deliberation.
It should be acted upon and decided only after
due reflection, and a great deal of reflection.
I am opposed to the whole movement at this
time.
The.PBESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not desire to discuss
this question at-length; but I thought this
afforded us an opportunity to place an amend-
ment on the bill that would not be objection-
able and might have a tendency to bring the
committee of conference to a decision on this
question by embracing it in the bill, and in that
way the measure might be less objectionable
than it is at present. I simply ask for a vote.
Mr. PQMEROY. If we amend this bill it
will have to go back to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and they will be obliged to ask for
aconference. We cannot movefor the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference should it
be amended. If we are going to have a com-
mittee of conference we must take it as it now
is. We cannot amend it and then ask for a
committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON. No State certainly will be
so much affected as the State which I in part
represent by the passage of the bill as it was
passed by the Senate originally. I am opposed
to this House amendment; but I am clearly of
the opinion that a portion of the western States
and most of the southern States need further
banking facilities and ought to have them ; and
J think we ought to so act that they can com-
mence now. Therefore, I shall follow the lead
of the Committee on Finance and vote to refer
this matter to a committee of conference, in
the hope that something will be done which,
while it doos not bear heavily on one portion
of tlio country, will relieve to some extent
another portion of the country. I think a
portion of the country has a right now to ask
further banking facilities. I hope, then, that
all of us will do what we can to hasten the day
when we shall have specie payments in the
country and the day when wo shall have free
banking in the country, and when the banking
institutions will bo founded not upon repre-
sentative population and not upon wealth, but
upon the needs of the business interests of the
country—the only proper basis upon which
they ought to rest. I shall therefore vote
against this amendment of the House, and shall
go with the chairman of the Committee on
Finance for a committee of conference.
Mr. CORBETT. Do I understand that this
proposed amendment is out of order at this
tune?
The PRESIDENTjjro tempore. The amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the motion?
The PRESlDENT^ro tempo?'?. The motion
is to amend the amendment of the House.
Mr. ANTHONY. But does not a motion
to commit take preeedenee of that? There is
a motion to commit it to a committee of con-
ference, I understand.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir ;
it does not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in order, bnt it is
unusual.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment has the preference.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
from Ohio to ask for a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 did.
Mr. POMbROY. lou cannot refer it to a
committee of conferencc and amend it, too.
Mr. CORBETT. This amendment substan-
tially embraces the idea of my friend from
Massachusetts of free banking. It allows any
bank in the United States to-go upon this basis
without regard to the .amount of circulation,
provided it will redeem its circulation in coin.
It seems to me if this proposition could be
adopted at this time it would be a very import-
ant amendment, one in which the country
would be deeply interested. The strong banks
could form in'New York ufion the specie basis,
and under the recent decision of the Supreme
Court that coin contracts are legal banks
might be_ established on a coin basis, and
make their contracts in coin and draw their
checks in coin. In that way many new banks
would be organized in New York and per-
haps many upon the Pacific coast under this
provision. I think if it could be adopted, if
it is in order, it would be a very good addi-
tion to this bill. Do I understand that it is in
order to offer an amendment to the House bill
now before it is referred to a committee of
conference ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator's amendment is in order.
Mr. CORBETT. Theri I ask for a vote upon
my amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DIXON. I am not quite satisfied with
the proposition favored by the Senator from
Ohio, which is the Senate proposition, as I
understand it. I should prefer that of the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morbill,] if we
could have it, which I understand to be a with-
drawal of the United States circulation to a
certain extent and an issue of bank currency
to the southern and western States toasimilar
amount. I think that would be decidedly bet-
ter ; but as it seems probable that that cannot
prevail, I greatly prefer the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio to the House proposition ;
and therefore I shall vote with the Senator
from Massachusetts, as he expresses himself
in favor of a committee of conference. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate disagree to the amendment of
the House and ask for a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NORTON. I am not quite willing that
this question should be discusscd upon a mere
motion to disagree and ask for a committee of
conference. The Senate bill, I find, passed
the Senate on the 17th of June, 18G8, many
mouths since. It went to the House; and
after long consideration and discussion there,
they proposed this amendment, and in it is
this proposition for a distribution, or a redis-
tribution measurably, of the banking capital
and currency of the country. Now the fact
is, and the country knows it, that the West
has never had its legitimate, proper share of
the banking capital of the country. No mat-
ter from what cause, it is a fact that they have
not had it. The southern States, since the
original distribution of the banking currency
was made, have come into a position where
they require a considerable amount of banking
capital. Their necessities now are greater than
they have been, perhaps, at any time hereto-
fore, and are increasing. That they ought to
have an increase of the banking capital of the
country I presume no one will question.
The House amendment proposes to make,
as nearly aa the House could arrange it. a dis-
tribution,^ or a redistribution if you please, of
the banking capital of the country so as to
accommodate the wants of the southern States
and the necessities of the western States, and
that proposition the House have sent to the Sen-
ate. Now it is proposed, not to discuss that
proposition here, not to invite the considera-
tion and deliberation of the Senate upon that
subject, but simply at the request of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance to disagree
to the House amendment, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Practically what is the result of that? The
Senator from Maine said a few moments ago
that the reports of committees of conference are
sometimes disagreed to, sometimes rejected.
But, sir, my experience is, and I think the
experience of Senators generally is, that the
report of a committee of conference is almost
always conclusive ; and whenever a question
is made upon a report of a committee of con-
ference the argument is that if you disagree
you lose the bill, and it is' a question between
agreeing to the report of the committee or the
losing of the entire bill. So that practically,
if the Senate disagree to the House amend-
ment and agree to a committee of conference,
this, whole subject will goto a committee of
conference, and they will arrange as it may
seem to them best the difference between the
House and the Senate ; they will arrange be-
tween the opinions of the Senate in June last
and the opinions of the House to-day or yes-
terday. They will bring that agreement of the
committee of conference to the Senate. .Now,
then, I submit that when they "make that ar-
rangement they bring another and a different
proposition than this proposition to the Sen-
ate; aud we do not discuss, we do not con-
sider, we do not pass upon or act upon the
proposition of the House, but we act upon the
proposition of the committee of conference,
and the argument will then be made, as I have
heard it made repeatedly in this Chamber,
"You must accept the report of the committee
of conference or lose the entire bill." So,
practically, if this measure goes to a committee
of conference, we get no judgment of the Sen-
ate upon the House proposition ; practically
it is not discussed here at all, nor is there a
vote of the Senate upon it; and under this
motion we cannot know whether the Senate
agree to the House proposition or whether
they dissent from it. For this reason I am
unwilling that this question should be disposed
of merely on a motion to disagree and ask for
a committee of conference.
As to the merits of the House proposition,
I do not know that I could or ought to go into
its details. The fact is, and the Senate and
the country know it, that the West and the
South have not their share, their legitimate
proportion, under a proper distribution under
the original act of the banking capital of the
country. In addition to that theif necessities
now require, whatever it may have been at the
first distribution, a greater amount of the
banking capital of the country; aud that fact
being known it is enough for me to ask the
Senate to consider this proposition of the
House and not dispose of it in this summary
manner. Why, sir, the fact is that for two
years past the western States have not had
among themselves currency enough to move
one single crop, not enough to move their
wheat to the eastern markets. There were
men there of capital and means and ability
and besought the Department to allow them
to establish banks, nay, they came here to
organize new banks and give them currency, but
they could not get it; and why? Because ithad
been all taken up in the East. What is the
result? The West have to come East and bor-
row from the banks of the East, paying them
an interest for it, the money to move the crops
from the West to the East.
This is a matter of too much importance to
at least one if not two sections of the country
to have it disposed of merely upon a motion
to disagree and to refer to a committee of con-
ference. I hope that it will not be disposed of
in that way. If this proposition of the House
has any merits at all, and it seems to me ithas
some, because it aims to distribute the bank-
ing capital of the country so as to meet the
wants and requirements of different sections
of the country, it ought to receive the deliber-
ate judgment and discussion and consideration
of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the Chair
whether a motion to concur in the amendment
of the House will not take precedence of the
pending motion, and have to be first put?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will
take precedence of the pending motion.
