1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
Mr. MULLINS. I will move to amend it.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be considered
in ihe House.
Mr. MULLINS. Well, I cannot rco the
necessity of the case which requires the gen-
tleman to take that position.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri makes the point of order.
Mr. MULLINS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir, I cannot. I
think it better that we should consider these
bills in Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Tennessee that it is un-
usual to make the appropriation out of the
Treasury. These pensions are paid out of the
general amount appropriated for pensions.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask leave to withdraw
the bill.
There was no objection: and the bill was
withdrawn.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. MULLINS, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of Allen
McClure and James Whaley, soldiers of the
war of 1812, for relief; and the same was laid
on the table.
GEORGE GIVENS.
Mr. MULLINS, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. II. No. 1746) entitled "An
act granting a pension to G-eorge Givens, a
soldier of the wax of 1832;" whieh was read a
Jiirst and second time.
The biil directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of George Givens, a citizen
of Pittsburg, Alleghany county, Pennsylvania,
a soldier of the war of 1812, upon the pension-
roll, and aliow him a pension of eight dollars
per month from the 1st of December, 1868,
until his death.
Mr. PRICE. Is there a report in this case?
Mr. MULLINS. There is a written report,
and 1 ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read the report. It sets forth
that George Givens, a native of Tennessee,
now a citizen of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, en-
listed iii the twenty-fourth United States infan-
try, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Gaines,
served for eighteen months, and was honora-
bly dischaiged on the 4th of February, 1810,
and that he is now very old and infirm and
unable to procure a living by manual labor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee what reason there is for
granting a pension in this case that does not
apply to ali the soldiers of the war of 1812 ? I
do not see, from the report, that this party con-
tracted any disease in the service that disabled
him, or that he was wounded.
Mr. MULLINS. T will answer the gentle-
man. The petitioner in this case has arrived
at a very mature age. He is now, as the peti-
tion states, old and declining. He took up arms
in defense of liis country when you were a boy;
and now I ask you will you repudiate your
debt to this old grandsire for saving your coun-
trv and driving out the Indians and the British
to give you the liberty and sunshine that you
and I both enjoy? Why, the gentleman is joking,
I am satisfied I [Laughter.] It is a meritorious
case, and I ask the previous question.
Mr. UPSON. The name of this man's com-
pany and regiment ought to be inserted in the
bill to identify him.
Mr. MULLINS. The name of the company
and regiment are there in the report.
Mr. UPSON. It ought to be in the bill.
Mr. MULLINS. Well, put it in.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
it will be inserted in the bill. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. MULLINS. I now insist on the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main ouestion ordered.
The'bill was ordered to be engrossed and
reild a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
M r. MIILLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
3U',SSA«E FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was communicated to the House by
Colonel William G. Moore, his Secretary,
informing the House that the President had
approved and signed the following bills and
joint resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 9C7) to provide for the
removal of the remains of W. T. Coggeshall,
late minister of the United States at Ecuador,
to the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1587) to repeal certain
provisions of section six of an act entitled '' An
act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending June 80, 1808,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,
18G7;
A bill (H. R. No. 1673) to relieve William
H. Bag ley, of Wake county, North Carolina ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 388) explana-
tory of an act to create an additional land
office in the State of Minnesota, approved July
25, 1868.
DANIEL IIA SER.
Mr. MULLINS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and of
the War of 1812 to report a bill granting a pen-
sion to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North
Carolina, and a soldier of the war of 1812.
The bill, whieh was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of Daniel Hauser, a citizen of
North Carolina and a soldier of the war of 1812,
and to pay him a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month from the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1869, during the remainder of his natural
life.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not this the bill that
was referred to the Committee of the Whole a
few minutes ago ?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
of the House the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. MullinsJ was granted leave to withdraw
the bill to which the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Ben'jamis] referred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not consent to the
withdrawal.
The SPEAKER. Leave was asked for that
purpose, and no objection was made. The bill
has been changed to obviate the objection
made to it by the gentleman.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I raise the same point
of order, that this is still an appropriation bill,
and must receive its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, upon the ground that this is
not an appropriation bill, as it requires the
pension to be paid out of the pension fund,
which is appropriated in the annual pension
appropriation bill.
The bill (H. R. No. 174) granting a pension
to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North Carolina
and a soldier of 1812, was then read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOLM AN. I notice that the regiment
and company are not named in this bill.
Mr. MULLINS. That is not necessary, as
the regiment and company are set out in the
report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the bill,
by inserting in it the regiment and company
to which this man belonged,
Mr. MULLINS. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment of Mr. Holmas was then
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire if there
was satisfactory evidence before the committee
that this person whom we propose to pension
was loyal to the Government ?
Mr. MULLINS. That is the evidence. I
have been to the Department and hunted up
the name of every solitary man upon whom I
have had to repoit.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is my colleague satisfied
that, the fact is so ?
Mr. MULLINS. I am entirely satisfied.
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the evidence
that he did not join the rebellion?
Mr. MULLINS. The evidence was that, in
the first place, he was too old, and that he had
served his country in a formec war, and was too
honest to go back on his country.
Mr. MAYNARD. That may be good evi-
dence to my colleague.
Mr. MULLINS. That is the fact as it ap-
pears upon the record. I have information
here that this man was indicted for treason to
the confederacy.
Mr. UPSON. If we are to give pensions to
all the soldiers of 1812 we should do it by gen-
eral law, or have some special reason assigned
why this man should be selected for a pension.
I move that this bill be recommitted to the
committee.
Mr. MULLINS. I do notyield for any such
purpose. There is no better man here, in my
judgment, than this man llauser. His loyalty
is attested to bya witness who knew him. The
men of the company to which he belonged are
all dead. The papers are all in the Depart-
ment, and I have examined them. I cannot
see that to recommit this bill will do anything
more than to delay action upon it. Here are
men intimately acquainted with Mr. llauser,
who know that he was indicted by the southern
confederacy for being loyal to the General
Government.
Mr. UPSON. There are a good many sur-
viving soldiers of the war of 1812 who would
like to receive pensions. If we arc to grant a
pension in a case which has no peculiar circum-
stances to recommend it I do not see why we
should not grant pensions to all these men.
Mr. MULLINS. I will state the circum-
stances of this case. This man, after being
enlisted and while on his march to Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, was very suddenly attacked with rheu-
matism, and after being detained for several
days was hauled in a baggage wagon a con-
siderable part of the way to Norfolk, and finally
completed on horseback bis journey to the
point of destination, lie served until the close
of the war—a period of eighteen months or
two years—being more, or less afflicted the
whole time with rheumatism. When peace was
declared he was still in the service, though
lying prostrate ; and ho received an honorable
discharge. He and the colonel in whose regi-
ment he served had both to be hauled away
from the point where they were discharged.
Now I ask, in God's name, why should you not
in such a case as this allow to a worn-out
patriot a sufficient sum at least to bury him?
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon the
motion of Mr. Ui'sox, that the bill be recom-
mitted.
On the question there were—ayes 30, noes
44; no quorum voting.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask unanimous consent
to withuiaw this hill for the present.
There was no objection.
WILLIAM ADAMS.
Mr. MULLTNS, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 1748) grantingapen-
j sion to William Adams, a soldier of the war of
i 1812 ; which was read a first and second time.
I The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
| to place upon the pension-roll the name of
! William Adams, a citizen of the town of Frank-
I linville, New York, who served as a soldier of
j the war of 1812, the pension to be at the rate
j of eight dollars per month from January 1,
; 1809, until his death, and to be paid out of the
ij pension fund.
-Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the reading of
the report in this ease.
Mr.- MULLINS. -There is no written report.
