1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs.
Sherman, Morgan, and Cameron were ap-
pointed conferees on the part of the Senate.
memorial.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
praying for an extension of the time for the
construction of a railroad - from the St. Croix
river or lake to Superior and Bayfield by the
Northern Wisconsin Railway Company, or-
ganized by an act of the Legislature of 1869,
and for the continuance of the grant of lands
to the State of Wisconsin in aid thereof; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
bill introduced.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 231) extending the time to
construct a railroad from the St. Croix river
or lake to the west end of Lake Superior and
to Bayfield; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 8) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, with amend-
ments, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (£1. II. No. 465)
granting the right of way to the Memphis, El
Paso, and Pacific Railroad Company from El
Paso, Texas, to the Pacific ocean, and a bill
(II. R. No. 1808) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing tho fiscal year ending June 30,#1870, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. U. No. 1845,) to amend an act enti-
tled "An apt to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
HOUSE BILLS Rlil'ERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 1808) making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, was icad twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The joint resolution (XI. R. No. 465) grant-
ing the right of way to the Memphis, El Paso,
and Pacific Railroad Company from El Paso,
'lexas, to the Pacific ocean, was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on tho table.
ai'pkaiskmknt of imports.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider House bill No. "88, to reg-
ulate the appraisement and inspection of im-
ports in certain cases, and for other purposes.
Mr. NYE. I hope that the hill will not be
taken up at this moment. There is a very im-
portant local bill that ought to be passed that
pertains to the police of this city. It will not
take five minutes. There is no opposition to
it; and really for the safety of the city, with
the influx of people that is now coming here,
it is necessary that it should be passed at once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will guarantee their
safety until to-morrow. This evening was set
aside especially for bills of the Committee on
Finance, and I move to take up the bill I have
mentioned.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I have a claim
on the Senator from Ohio now, and I ask his
indulgence for a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has a claim
on this bill, as his constituent's are more inter-
ested in it than mine.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope he will allow me
to say a word.
The 'PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. "CAMERON. In 1867 the Congress of
the United States passed a law authorizing tho
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company to
enter the city of Washington, with the condi-
tion that when theytfame here, after making
their surveys, the route into this city should
be submitted to the approbation of Congress.
They have made their survey, and spent sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars,-and they are
now ready to come into ■ the city. Unless
you allow them to come in now, perhaps
unless you pass this bill to-night and authorize
them to come in, they will be kept waiting for
another year. In Order to come here they have
had to build a very heavy tunnel through the
city of Baltimore a mile and a quarter long;
and then they also have to make a tunnel into
this city a quarter of a mile long. Now, they
merely ask to have these rights confirmed.
The bill" has been carefully examined by the
whole Committee on the District of Columbia,
and it will not take, I think, a moment to pass
it. It is a mere matter of form. If the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio will allow me to
take up this bill I will agree to vote for almost
any bill that he may bring in. If it does not
pass now, it will be delayed for another year.
Everybody knows what trouble there is in get-
ting into the city of Washington from the North
and the West. I see the Senator from Ohio
consents.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a vote on my
motion. The Senator from Pennsylvania is
out of order. The question now is on taking
up House bill No. 788, and it is not in order
for him to interpose a motion to take up another
bill. I am willing to aid him after awhile or
to-morrow in getting up his bill; but this night
is the only time set apart for the important busi-
ness reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON. I will put myself in order
by moving to postpone the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio with a view to take up this bill.
^ Mr. SHERMAN. You cannot do that.
The vote must first be taken on my motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I throw myself on the
indulgence of the Senate. I have had no bill
here this year ; I have not had anything to ask
of the Senate of the United States since I have
been here but one little bill passed two years
ago providing that the town of Chester should
be made a port of delivery.- I now ask the
Senate to pass a bill which, if they do not pass
it now, will not be passed for another year,
bringing to this town another railroad, bring-
ing to every man living in it fuel two or three
dollars a ton cheaper than ho pays now. I ask
you to consent to give ten or fifteen minutes
for the passage of that bill which has been ex-
amined by the whole Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Everybody knows that no
committee of this body is composed of such
able Senators as that committee. Above all
men in the Senate, I am surprised that my
friend from Ohio—if he will allow mo to call
him so—should object to giving ten or fifteen
minutes at this time for the passage of this
bill. Has he not spent three days at least in
trying to get a railroad out of this city? Here
wo have one on which we have spent our
money, and which we are willing to bring in
torhis accommodation and the accommodation
of his constituents just as much as mine. Both
of the Senators from Maryland are in favor of
this bill. For the first time in the history of
railroads the Senators from Pennsylvania and
the Senators from Maryland are in favor of a
proposition of this sort. I ask the Senate to
do me the favor, and I am sure they will, to
consider this bill; and for that purpose I move
to postpone lhe_ bill proposed to be taken up
by the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Ohio,
Mr. CAMERON. That was not my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to say a word.
After great labor and after a great many delays,
I got this day set apart for the special purpose
of taking up certain bills reported from the
Committee on Finanee. 'They are public meas-
ures, in not one of which have I- the slightest
interest, nor have my constituents any interest.
The bill that is now proposed to be laid aside
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, is a bill in
which two thousand of the leading merchants
of the country have petitioned and asked for its
passage. There is no possibility of passing it
unless it is passed this evening. . The whole
business of the Committee on Finance has been
crowded in at this hour of the night. There
are several bills that ought to be acted upon,
and now, after all this long dolay, tho Senator
from Pennsylvania asks the postponement of
this bill in order to take up a bill which he can
call tip to-morrow morning or at any hour of
tho session and have passed. I am willing to
assist him in passing it. It seems to me it
would be doing injustice, that it would not be
right for the Senate of the United States to
postpone the consideration of an important
public measure, and interfere with a special
order in order to take up a bill of local insig-
nificance I may say. The Senator with his
well-known good humor, and with his generous
and hearty appeals-, can call it up to-morrow
morning, and I will guaranty him, for very
little indeed, that if he will just put it over until
to-morrow we shall all join him in taking it
up in the morning hour and he can pass it with-
out trouble. But if we once displace the special
order that will be the end of the business of
the Committee on Finance. I trust the Senate
will see at once that it is not right to displace
public bills for such a purpose. I ask that the
bill which I have named be taken up.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am sure the Senator
from Ohio is mistaken. He says that thou-
sands of people have presented petitions against
this bill. That is not so. Everybody is in
favor of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say against the
Senator's bill. I said thousands of people
petitioned in favor of the bill that I proposed
to call up.
Mr. CAMERON. I am in favor of that bill
and will vote for it. All I ask is to postpone
it for the moment, to enable me to get this
other bill through. As I have already said,
the reason why I desire action upon it now is
that the engineers are waiting, the workmen
are waiting, and we have got to build tunnels
to come into this city which will take a' long
time. You cannot hurry that sort of work ;
and if we should by any accident lose this bill
by only five minutes the work will be put back
for another year. Senators all know how im-
portant this is. It is as important as any of
your revenue or currency bills, because it affects
the revenues of individuals. Every man buy-
ing coal here will, when this road is completed,
get his coal two or three dollars a ton cheaper;
and every Senator coming here from Balti-
more, instead of paying $1 50, will get here
for seventy-five cents. The revenue of every
man in the whole North, West, and Northwest,
is interested in this road. It is a branch of
the road which starts from Buffalo, in the State
of New York, and runs in a straight line,
hardly ever deviating a mile from a straight
line, to the Gulf. Every man is interested in
it. We have been for twenty years trying to
get into this city. It does not interfere with
New Jersey at all. [Laughter.] I hope the
Senator from Ohio will give way for a moment
to allow us to pass this bill. He and I have
already wasted more time in talking about it
than would be required to pass it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania desires to have a road brought into
Washington. We can pass the bill in a few
moments, and why not take it up and pass it
now'?
Mr. SHERMAN. We can do it in the morn-
ing hour to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. We can do it now in a
shorter time than a speech can be made on the
