Tip COKaBSSSIQFili awrn
January 20,
I-wiU §tate the circumstances of the case. Dur-
ing the war of 1812 William Adorns served three
months in the thirty-ninth Npw York infan-
try, and .was honorably discharged. He is now
very old and infirm, being subject to epileptic 1
fits. He is eighty-five years of age, and his
wife is seventy, They are both helpless.
Mr. UPSON. This bill does not specify ttye
company and regiment in whicl} tjiis man
served. I move that the bill be ffgosiroitt^d
to the Coipmittse on fi^voluticxB^iry pensions
and of the War of 1812.
Mr.~ MULLINS. , |lr. Speaker, I cannot
see why it is that these attacks are made upon
tljese very meritorious bills providing for men
\sliQ fought for the country when she needed
-yi^ir assistance and when her friends were not
so numerous as they are now, though she has
enemies enough at the present time. Such
ij?j®attp,ent as these bills are receiving to-day is
"S^fv poor encouragement to the men who have
Wed for this Government, who have sustained
-it by their chivalric arms, and never bowed to
the dictates of kings and despots. In the dark
hours of peril, in the time that tried the hearts
of njen, the gallant soldiers for whom these bills
would make provision in their declining days
c?«ne to the rescue of the Government; yet
now, when their limbs are palsied with age,
when they are tottering on the verge of the
gvave, it would seem that members here are
willing that they should starve at our very gates
and not be allowed a morsel of bread. 1 doubt
whether they would give a drop of water to cool
their parched tongues. The couch of death is
ready for these brave and loyal men, and all we
ask is that enough shall be voted to them for
the purpose of burying them in gentility.
Mr. MA YN A III). Let me ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. MULLINS. Certainly.
_ Mr. MAY'NARD. What are the peculiar
circumstances in this man's case which dis-
tinguish it from the great mass of cases of
soldiers of the war of 1812?
Mr. MULLINS. I will leave the answer to
my friend from New York; not that I am not
able to answer, but because he was the gentle-
man who presented the bill.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I am well acquainted
with the old man, who served in the war of
1812, and know that for the last fifteen years
he has been subject to epileptic fits, repeated
§venr ten days or thereabouts. He is an object
Qf charity. His wife is over seventy years old,
and he himself is eighty-five. I know that it
is a meritorious case, aud I hope there will be
po objectiou to the passage of the bill.
Mr, UPSON. Show wherein it is an ex-
ception to the general rule of those who served
m the war of 1812. Do the records of the
Pension Office show that this man performed
Qny service?
Mr. VAN AERNAM. lie served in the war
for three months. Fie then went home from
the field sick. He has received since then a
land warrant of one hundred and sixty acres;
but, of course, he is not entitled to a pension
under the pension laws of the United States,
and the committee therefore report, on account
of the sickness with which he is afflicted, a
special bill for his relief.
Mr. UPSON. Is there any paper from the
Pension Office in relation to this case?
Mr. VAN AERNAM. There is nothing in
the 1 ension Office, so far as I know, as he never
aPP/le(^ to the Pension Office for a pension.
I he SPEAKER. A communication from
the 1 ension OHice was sent by the gentleman
ftorn Tennessee to the Clerk's desk with the
other papers accompanying this bill.
Mr. MULLINS. I have investigated the
yeeord of this brave old soldier of the war of
1812, as I investigate all such cases which may
be referred to me, aud I have reported in every
ease all the facts for the intelligent action of
the House. _ I have given the regiments and
the companies in which these men served. Of
course, there is nothing in the Peusion Office
about this man. If he could have got a pen-
ile Sn4w general law? he woijld lJQt, of
course, have come here. It is bpeause he can-
not get a pension under the general laws that
we propose to pass this special act.
Mr. UPSON.. Most of the men who were
soldiers in the war of 1812 are now very old.
Mr. MULLINS. That is the point I make.
Mr. UPSON. I want the gentleman to
point out wherein this case is an exception to
all others. If they are all alike we ought to
pass a general law providing for all cases, and
we ought not to pass special acts unless in
exceptional cases. In what, I ask the gentle-
man, is this different from the generality ?
Mr. MULLINS. Because the generality
have not epileptic fits. [Laughter.] I do not
know how quick members of the House may
be struck with them ; I cannot tell, but I
know that I haye the rheumatism, and I do
not want to struggle with a man in the prime
of life who is interposing to prevent us from
passing a bill for the relief of an old man who
fought for the country probably before the
gentleman was born, certainly when he was a
child. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered..
The House divided; and there were—ayes
28, noes 88.
So the House refused to recommit the bill.
Mr. UPSON, is the number of this man's
company and regiment in the bill? For the
safety of the Government and for tho man
himself it ought to be in the bill.
Mr. MULLINS. It is in the report.
Mr. UPSON. It ought to appear in the bill,
and I move that amendment.
Mr. MULLINS. I do not object to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
MINERAL LAjNBS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent, to present a substitute for the bill to
aid in ascertaining the value of public lands
and for the endowment of a national college
of mines, in order that it may be ordered to
be printed.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
PUBLIC LANDS IX INDIANA.
Mr. NIRLACK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That th o Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to this House, at as early a
day as practicable, either during the present or the
next Congress, a list of all lands in Knox county,
Indiana, which may be entered as public lands, or to
which the title has not passed from the United
States, with a particular description of each partic-
ular tract, as far as practicable, together with the
aggregate amount of land estimated in acres.
DANIEL IIA0ST3R.
Mr. MULLINS, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and of the Warof 1812,
reported a bill (H. li. No. 1748) granting a
pension to Daniel Hauser, a citizen of North
Carolina and a soldier of the war of 1812 ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
there will be no objection to the passage of
this bill. It is for the relief of a gentleman
whose loyalty is beyond doubt. Notwith-
standing he comes from a southern State, he
is one of those who stood amid the fire and
thunder of the rebellion led by Jeff. Davis,
which broke harmless upon his head. He him-
self has stood with that little baud of stalwart
southern men who resisted the vile spirit of
secession, atid who were willing to give up
their lives for the good of the country. Be
nourished, by every sacrifice, the tree of liberty
plaatfi fey your ffttfe^s and Wjie? you
were not dreamed of he went out with othe rs
to fight the enemies of the country. Men
watered with their blood that tree, under whose
spreading branches we all now take shelter.
He fought for the rights which we now enjoy
when the oldest of us were young men ; and
now that he is old and in want himself he
comes here and asks that this Government
shall give him a small pittance in order to
smooth his pathway to the grave. He has
always been loyal to the stars and stripes, and
"he presents a case which we cannot reject.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will give us some statement of the character
of this man's loyalty.
Mr. MULLINS. That is easily done. He
was proscribed by the confederate govern-
ment for being loyal to the Federal Govern-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MULLINS moved tote.consider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the mption to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MULLINS. How much time is there
left of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Six minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, under the
general law providing for pensions it was im-
possible to embrace every one who fought in
the war of 1812, and even some of those who
fought in the war of the Revolution have not
been included. There are exceptional cases
which have great meritthat have to beprovided
for by special acts ; and if the gentlemen who
oppose these bills could know the stories of
sorrow and distress and suffering on the part
of these brave old men who fought for us in the
beginning of our career which are brought to
the attention of the committee to which 1 be-
long, I am sure there is not a single man here
who would make the least objection to the
passage of bills for their relief.
The SPEAKER. There is no question
before the House.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask unanimous consent
to occupy the few minutes which are left of the
morning hour.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. PERHAM. How many minutes are left
of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Five minutes.
Mr. PERHAM. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions have a great deal of business to re-
port, and, as I understand the rule, any part
of an hour occupied by the committee will be
counted as a full morning hour against it.
The SPEAKER. The committee are allowed
two morning hours for reports, and this will
be counted as one of them.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that this shall not be counted against that com-
mittee.
Mr. McCarthy. I object.
Mr. MULLINS. I ask unanimous consent
to occuoy the rest of the morning hour.
There was no objection.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, having been
for a few weeks past acting chairman for the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and ot'
the War of 1812, 1 have endeavored to dis-
charge the duty devolved upon me as an Amer-
ican citizen in granting relief to the survivors
of those brave soldiers who have gone down
in death in the glorious struggle for independ-
ence. I could not deny the small pittance
asked for by those men who have uphold our
rights when you, Mr. Speaker, and all the rest
of us here were in our infancy. Whatever other
gentlemen may choose to'do I, for one, will
reward the faithful servicesof these men to the
United States, and will do everything in my
power t.Mf pathway {q the grave,
