262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2.
Ho. of Reps.
Naturalization, dkc.—Mr. Robinson.
40th Coxg. ... 3d Sess.
But, alas! what is history but the lives of
warriors? What is Prance but Charlemagne
and Napoleon? What is England but Marl-
borough and Wellington? Marathon, Platea,
Mycale, Canae, Hastings, Bannookburn, Poic-
tiers, Agincourt, Blenheim, Fontenoy, the
Boyne, Lexington, Ticonderoga, Yorktown,
Cremona, Marengo, New Orleans, Waterloo,
Buena Vista, Bull Run, Antietam, and Gettys-
burg—what are they all but a few of History's
footprints on the pathway of Time?
And if martial daring; if marching up to the
cannon's mouth ; if offering a fearless bosom
as a sheath for the sword ; if coolly receiving
or impulsively delivering the charge when the
steel instrument of Bayonne rips the quivering
flesh and pierces the palpitating heart; if push-
ing these same bayonets through a hissing
cloud of lead and fire into an opposing wall of
quick and living flesh, if these be glorious
deeds, then the Irish Celt is not inglorious.
If glory's footsteps are traced in crimson ; if
the music by which she marches are the yell
and shout of the onset, the clangor of conflict-
ing arms; if the incense of her altars is the
curl of the cannon's smoke which lifts itself
lazily from the earth as if burdened with the
doom of the dying, then have Irishmen spent
no holiday trifling in glory's service. Clontarf,
Ballinabwee, Benburb, the Boyne, Aughrim,
and Limerick, are scenes where glory has
drawn from Irish hearts artificial seas of blood
on which her red flag floated unseen from shore
to shore. The red footfalls of Irish bravery
have kept time to the music of war's death-
march on the burning sands of India. The
clang of its armor and the shouts of its vic-
tories have multiplied themselves in the echoes
of the Alps. Beneath their own green flag at
Ciontarf and Benburb; beneath the tricolor
at Cremona and Fontenoy; beneath the cross
of St. George at Waterloo, Luctnow, and Ba-
laklava, and beneath that brighter and more
dearly-beloved banner of our Union, its azure
robe glittering with increasing and brightening
e'ars at Quebec and Princeton and Yorktown,
at Niagara and New Orleans, at Palo Alto and
Chepultepec, atBuena Vistaand Churubusco, at
FairOaks and Malvern Hill, at Fredericksburg
and the Wilderness, at New Orleans and Yicks-
burg, at Antietam and Gettysburg, down the ,
Peninsula and op the Shenandoah, ail the weary !
way from Bull Hun to Richmond, Irish valor
vindicated itself and Irish courage shone tri-
umphant. There is no secret in chemistry by
which war's deep draught can be purged of
Irish blood, no perception of vocal criticism to
separate from war's music the sounds which
Irishmen have mingied with it; no history of
earth's red deluge can be written upon whose
pages you may not read the immortality of
their fame.
A man prejudiced against everything Irish
may stand by the tombs of Boyle and Berk-
ley, Swift and Sheridan and Goldsmith, and I
deny to Ireland the homage due to genius. He j
may have listened to Miss O'Neill and Catha- j
r^I.le^^ayes' or witnessed the living delineations !
of Keati, Macklin, and Macready, and deny to !
Iieland all honor in music or the drama. He !
may have listened to the song of the bards, !
have heard Anacreon' sharp restrungto sweeter j
melody than its own original, and have drunk I
in ''the loves of the angels," and refuse to |
Ireland all credit for poetry. He may gaze
upon the names of Burkeand Canning in West- I
minster, and deny that Ireland ever produced
a statesman. Ht may listen to the still living
echoes of Grattan's, Curran's, and O'Connell's
voices, walk heedlessly over the ashes of Tone,
Lmmett, and Fitzgerald, or sit in the solitude of
v an Diemau's Land with Mitchell, Meagher,
and O'Brien, and deny to Ireland the virtue of
patriotism ; but he cannot, no man can, see in
histoiy Brian at Clontarf, O'Neill at Ballin-
abwee, Owen Roe at Benburb, Sarsfield at
Lsmerick, Wellington at Waterloo, Gough and
iNapitn- id Tudin, Montgomery at Quebec, Jack-
son at New Orleans, Shields at Cerro Gordo,
Meade at Gettysburg, or Sheridan along the
Shenandoah ; he cannot, no man can, follow
Con, and Nial and Dathi over Gaul and the
Continent, read through the wars of Cromwell
and William, the continental wars; throngh
our own revolutionary struggle, the second war,
the conquest of Mexico, and the battles for
the Union; he cannot, no man can, trace
through history's pages the bloody records of
Cremona and Fontenoy, I care not how pre-
judiced, and say that the Irish Celt lacked
courage, showed want of military genius, or
failed in heroism, whether the green flag, the
tricolor, the fiery cross, or the radiant stars
and stripes floated over him on fields where he
bravely conquered or undaunted fell!
I have before me a letter from Winfield Scott,
in which he says of the Irish under him in the
Mexican war, of whom there were over two
thousand, that "not one ever turned his back
upon the enemy..or faltered in advancingto the
charge." I have also before me a letter writ-
ten by 0119 of the most distinguished generals
in our late war, who had many opportunities of
witnessing the bravery of the Irish brigade, the
Corcoran legion, and other Irish brigades or
regiments, in which he says:
"My admiration of the Irish as soldiers is un-
bounded. " * * * * "No race in the
world is superior to them."
I have, too, before me a letter of John Quincy
Adams, in which he says: |
"i cannot, however, deny myself the pleasure of I
thanking you for the testimonial which you have ,
borne to my long-cherishcd, deeply-rooted respect, !
and affectionate attachment to the people of Ireland I
and the cause of their national independence, a re-
spect and attachment coeval with the fall of Mont- j
gornery before the walls of Quebec in the war ot our i
Independence, confirmed and cemented by the vir- \
tues which I have witnessed through the course of a j
long life by personal acquaintance with numerous j
natives of the Emerald Isle." j
What the Celt has done in history, or what 1
he will do for this country, I have not time to
tell nor daring to prophesy. Twenty-two of
the signers of the Declaration of Independ-
ence were natives of or descendants from
Celtic countries. So; too, were many of the
framers of the Constitution. The heroes of
our Navy and Army, O'Brien, Barry, Blakely,
McDonough, Perry, Stewart, Shaw, Porter,
Farragut, Montgomery, Wayne, Sullivan,
Knox, Moylan, Stark, Clinton, and many
others whom I might enumerate, were Celts.
I believe Major General Benedict Arnold was
an Anglo-Saxon, and was not descended from
J^rish ancestry!
1 Sir, I have been accused of speaking too
often in this House in favor of Ireland and of
Femanism. The records of this House will
show that during the time I have been in Con-
gress I have not even once said a word on
Fenianism. I have introduced no bill, offered
no resolution, made no remarks on Fenianism.
Nor have I said a word upon Ireland, except
a speech of some fifteen minutes, at the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Baxks,] on a resolution
from that committee expressing the sympathy
of the American people with the people of
Ireland and Crete, which afterward passed
the Senate with Ireland left out. I have
spoken frequently, not however too often, on
the protection we owe to our citizens traveling
abroad; but that is neither an Irish nor a
Fenian, but a great American question. But,
sir, if I had found time to say a word for Ire-
land, after attending to all matters in which my
constituents were interested, why should I be
censured lor it? What has Ireland done, that
lor one of her sons in Congress,
'lis treason to love her, and death [political] to
defend."
I trust I shall never forget to say a good word
for Ireland, if I have time, after discharging my
duties to my constituents. Why, sir, my dis-
trict, for intelligence, wealth, industiy, educa-
tion, schools, and churches, for merchants, min-
isters, the medical and legal professions, is
perhaps the best district in the United States,
equal to almost any in all characteristics men-
tioned. The population of that district is per-
haps less than one fifth of New England birth
or origin, less than one fifth of English and
their descendants. The remaining three fifths
or more are German and Irish by birth and
descent. By the last State census of 1865,
which is generally believed to be lower than
the facts would warrant, in Kings county, of
which my district embraces about one half,
there were 197,243 persons natives of the Uni-
ted States, and 112,869 persons natives of for-
eign countries, with about 1,000 born at sea
or at places unknown; in all 811,090. Of these
59,444 were born in Ireland, 28,310 in Ger-
many, 15,555 in England, 2,797 in Scotland,
1,461 in Canada, 1,195 in France, 241 in Hol-
land. Of the voters in Kings county there
were 29,950 native-born and 28,274 natural-
ized, in all 58,224 votes, while there were
53,485 aliens, unjustly kept so by the law re-
quiring five years' probation. Let me say also
that 1,482 Irish, 1,000 Germans, 364 English,
812 Scotch, and 782 aliens, and 1.216 of un-
known birth, mostly perhaps aliens and gen-
erally Irish, enlisted in the armies of the Union.
Consequently iu 1865 there were 12,367 widows
to 8,135 widowers in my county, showing that
many had fallen in battle in defense of the flag
of the Union. There were 13,297 families in
the county without a single child, 13.418 fam-
ilies with one child each, 12,530 with two chil-
dren each. The remainder of the 63,146 fam-
ilies ranged from three to twenty-two children
in each family.
Now. whichever race has the most children
in each family commands the future of Brook-
lyn. But take it as it is, whom do I represent
as member of Congress chosen by this mixed
population? I am proud of the New England
minority in my district, but I am not ashamed
of the Irish majority. Those seven hundred
and eighty-two aliens who rushed to the defense
of the country which had no claim upon them,
those thousands of widows whose husbands
fell on many a Union battle field, deserve to be
remembered by Brooklyn's Representative on
this floor. Surely, the fifty-nine thousand four
hundred and forty-four natives of Ireland in
my city who pay taxes, work, and tight for the
country ought not to be ignored or obscured
or eclipsed by the much smaller number of
New England's sons. All the other States in
the Union do not furnish to Brooklyn half as
many of her population as she receives from
Ireland alone. If I have therefore attended
reasonably well to the general interests.of my
constituents I should not be blamed for saying
a word for Ireland, fiom which more than one
half of my constituency springs, and which is
loved to-day as no nation except the United
States ever was loved by all her sons, except a
very despicable and recreant few.
Nor would it have been out of the way for
me to have said a kind word of the Fenians if
I had time after attending to my other duties.
If I did not speak for them it was not because
I was afraid to espouse their cause, but because
they did not want speaking. They believe more
in work than in talk. They would rather fight
than speak. They would prefer to be reckoned
men of deeds rather than men of words. But
when they need defenders r.o man need be
ashamed to become their advocate. Their
cause is the cause of freedom through all ages,
climes, and countries. Every tyrant dethroned,
every bad Government revolutionized, was but
an exhibition of Femanism, and every one of
their defenders shouted something as offensive
as the cry of Fenianism.
It was Fenianism that watched the cradle of
Moses and directed the footsteps of Pharaoh's
daughtertothedoomed infant'sside. Itperched
upon the banners of the Israelites fleeing from
their oppressors through the divided waves of
the Red sea. It flashed through the pillar of
