1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
this being a burden upon the Treasury, it is
the safest way of reaching specie payment.
The distinguished Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Mojitos,] in his recent great speech, attempted
to show that we had in this country four or five
hundred million dollars of gold. I tell you,
r-'T, it is a mistake. We have not much more
than half that amount. We have it, it is true,
in the mines, But not in circulation or in the
banks or in the Treasury. But it is to enable
us to have four or five hundred million dollars
of gold in the country that I am in favor of
opening the Pacific railroad. I want my friend
from Illinois to say whether his hostility to
protection and to the tariff has not something
to do with his opposition to this bill? Is it
because the iron to lay these roads is made in
Pennsylvania? Is it because the chairs and
spikes are made in Pennsylvania? Is it be-
cause the locomotives and cars to run upon
the roads are built in Pennsylvania that we
have encountered the hostility of my friend
upon this measure? Mr. Speaker, I am for
economy, but I want to get on the right track.
I do not want five hundred miles of railroad
built, and, for the sake of the $800,000 needed
to complete it and make this connection, to
throw it all away and render it useless; but
after this short and important link is made I
then desire to put a stop to increasing our
indebtedness by adopting some other policy
than issuing bonds.
Before I close I wish to ask my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] where his great State
would have been to-day without the land grants
and aid to railroads to open and develop
it ? Where would have been his great city of
Chicago had it not been for the land grants
given to make their canal? I will also ask my
fiiend, [Mr. PniCE,] the chairman of the com-
mittee, what would have been the condition of
his State, Iowa, without the aid furnished by
the Government to checker her territory with
railroads? Had I time, I would try to show my
friend from Illinois that his figures yesterday
with regard to the value of lands granted to
railroads were wild in the extreme. The idea
of estimating the lands at five dollars per acre,
while many of us have seen lands on the Pacific
railroad that no man would give one cent per
acre for hundreds of square miles; and if
others have great value, was it not the con-
struction of the road that gave it to them and
doubled the value of the alternate sections for
the Government? I will now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Before proceeding to discuss
the bill before the House I ask leave to do
what I have never done in eight years of con-
gressional life—take two or three minutes for
a personal explanation.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall object, unless I can
have an opportunity of replying.
Mr. KELLEY. I shall have no objection
1o my colleague having the length of time that,
I occupy to reply to me.
Mr. HAND ALL. Then I make no objection.
Mr. COVODE. Before my colleague pro-
ceeds I wish to say that it is my intention to let
debate upon this bill run for a reasonable length
of time, so as to allow its friends and oppo-
nents to be heard, and then I shall demand the
previous question.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, near the close
of the last session the House adopted a reso-
lution instructing the Committee on Naval
Affairs to inquire into the legality and regu-
larity of the purchase of certain tools by Chief
Engineer Zeller, of the Philadelphia navy-yard.
The Naval Committee, under the instruction
of that resolution, appointed a sub-committee
of three of its members to proceed to Phila-
delphia and make the examination ; which they
did, collecting a large amount of testimony,
and making a personal examination of the
tools. The adjournment was too near to
permit the preparation and presentation of a
report, but when Congress reassembled the
sub-oommittee was ready with its report, or
nearly so, and submitted it to the committee,
together with the voluminous testimony. The
Naval Committee instructed the chairman of
the sub-committee, myself, to make the report i
to the House, and ask that it be recommitted '
and printed, so that each member of the Naval
Committee could examine it during the recess,
that we might be prepared to act upon it at
the "close of the recess. Accordingly, I was
recognized by the Speaker, and made the
motion, when, to my surprise, my colleague
from the first district [Mr. Randall] ob-
jected. That was on the Wednesday preced-
ing the holidays. Waiting until the Friday
before the recess, I renewed the request for
leave to report under the instructions of the
committee, and my colleague from the Berks
district, [Mr. Getz,] in behalf of an absent
colleague—I suppose my colleague from the
first district—objected. Thus, the report and
evidence could not be printed. I find in a
paper yesterday, the Evening Telegraph of
Philadelphia, an elaborately prepared article,
evidently written by somebody familiar with
all the facts connected with the purchases in
question, in which the passage occurs which
I will ask to have read at the Clerk's desk.
It charges the committee with falsely aspers-
ing the eharacter of the engineer corps of the
Navy, but with withholding the evidence in
the case from the public while acting thus
unworthily.
I make this statement simply to call atten-
tion to the fact that the committee have been
diligent in their efforts to get the whole matter
before Congress, and to the further fact that the
committee is now meeting from day to day
listening to the arguments of two able counsel
employed by Chief Engineer Zeller and Mr.
John Roach, and that tliey cannot again offer
the report until the engineer, who is in that arti-
cle said to be injured by our withholding the
evidence, and the contractor, from whom he
boughtthe tools, withdraw their counsel, or tliey
conclude their very protracted arguments. I
now ask the Clerk to read the paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Without taking any sides in this quarrel, wc merely
desire to give si. Liir statement, of the matter as it
1 stands. Lt Oh icf Engineer Zeller isguilty of the, charges
brought against him ho should be court-martialed
and dismissed tho service; if hois innocent, and is
endeavoring to raanago the affairs of his department
in the navy-yard in the best interests of the Govern-
ment, he 'is entitled to a complete and emphatic
exoneration.
"Having stirred up this matter, our Congressmen
owe it to themselves and thotr constituents to make
good their accusations to tho letter. The case stands
thus: Judge Kkllby has brought certain charges
against, the engineers of the yard, but ho has as yet
produced no evidence to support, his statements. Ihe
engineers are supported by a laigo mass of sworn
testimony from persons who at.o competent to judge
in the matter. It now remains for the Committee on
Naval Affairs to exhibit what evidence they have in
their possession."
Mr. KELLEY. It will be perceived that the
reason the whole matter is not before the coun-
try is that Mr. Zeller and Mr. Roach, of whom
he bought the tools, are preventing it._ That
is all I desire to say; and now, in fulfillment
of my agreement, 1 yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I have for the first time
heard this article read, and I have never seen
it. I desire to reply simply to one point in
my colleague's remarks, and that is to the
point as to where my objection came in ; and
JL will say to him and to the House that under
similar circumstances I would do the same
thing again. I will tell him why. The reso-
lution to which he has referred was a resolu-
tion of inquiry got up by himself, as I believe,
for no other purposes than those of a political
character, to bear upon the recent election.
Having utterly failed, as I believe, in Ins en-
deavors in that respect, he comes before this
House and brings in what I am led to believe
is a most unfair and unjust report a report
not in any manner approved by the committee.
On the contrary, the committee are now con-
sidering the facts which he has represented, I
think, in a partisan manner, I am told, and!
really believe, that the investigation has been
unfair. I have been told by men who have
been examined before that committee that they
were not allowed to give full answers to the
questions propounded to them, but were stopped
in the middle of sentonces and not allowed to
go on.
That is the reason that I objected. I want
both sides to be heard before any man's char-
acter is taken away to suit the whims and
caprices of any one.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt, him a moment ?
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that the
statements the gentleman has made—founded
undoubtedly upon information ho has received
outside of this House—has, no foundation in
fact.
Mr. RANDALL. I can give the gentleman
my authority.
Mr. STEVENS. Nowitness has been stopped
in his answers before the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I can produce, in print ,tha
statement of a witness that he was not allowed
to fully answer the questions put to him. That
is the reason, and the only reason,, why I ob-
jected. As that article says, if this man Zel-
ler has been guilty of any misdemeanor let him
be court-martialed and cashiered. But I have
no idea that the character of a man who has
served long years in the Navy shall be taken
from him by any politician, be he a high one
or a low one.
Mr. KELLEY. Very well; the country will
now understand why the evidence is not before
the House.
DEXVlilt PACIFIC RAILWAY.
The House resumed the consideration of
Senate bill No. 070, for a grant of land grant-
ing the right of way over the public lands to
the Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph
Company, and for other purposes.
Mr. 1CELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I _ bad not
expected to take part to day in tho discussion
of this bill, but will take the place, for a few
minutes, of a gentleman who is indisposed but
who expected to address the House at this
time. 1 desire to correct some of the state-
ments made yesterday by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wakiiburne.] Though ho does
not definitely allege that this bill involves new
laud giants, yet, that would bo the impression
made upon the mind of any one cursorily read-
ing the report of his speech. Sir, this bill
makes no new grant of land. Whether U will
be passed or not, the Union Pacific Railway
Company, eastern division, has a title to all the
land referred to in this bill. But the bill au-
thorizes the transfer by that company to the
Denver Pacific Railway Company of the land
along the line between Denver and the point
of junction with the Union Pacific railway at
Cheyenne. Therefore, all the arguments of the
gentleman as to the amount of laud granted
and all his prayers to Congress to withhold
fuither grants, are irrelevant to the question,
now before the House.
So, too, with regard to the details he gave us
of the history of the early legislation relating
to this road, and the contest with Mr. Larned,
who claims to be its president. The litiga-
tion of Mr. Lamed has been going on now for
seven years, or lather his alleged claim has
been proclaimed for that time. It lias finally
been brought before the Judiciary Committee
of this House, and that committee, in a formal
report, has told us that they have examined the
matter, that there is nothing in it. upon which
Congress can act, and that it raises no ques-
tion that cannot be decided in the courts. _ If
the claim bo not a mere black-mailing claim,
as this company allege it to be,_l ask way, m
the long series of years since it was first set
up, has it never been carried into any civil
court? I want to do what is right. I do not
want either Congress or the people to be swin-
dled, nor do I want Congress to be used as
an instrument by which bad men may swindle
the corporations created by Congress. S->et,
Mr. Larned, if he has a legal claim, go to the
\
