1869.
the congressional globe
urn
appraise it as cheaply. There is no additional
expense in that. You can do the whole busi-
ness just as cheaply ; and what do you save?
You save the expense of hauling these goods
three or four miles or more to some bonded
warehouse in the city of New York, That is
regarded aa entirely safe—safer than to have
the goods in the hands of some recognized and
responsible company, with a bond for twice the
value of the goods! It is safer to take the
goods out of the vessel when it arrives and
put them on a drayman's cart and haul them
four miles through the city of New York. No<-
body will touch them; there is 110 leakage then,
no change of bullion into lead, and no opportu-
nities for it! _ That is safer than it is to put these
same goods in the hands of an express com-
pany or an authorized, responsible transporta-
tion company, giving a bond in twice the value
of all the goods hefore they are permitted to
be taken outof the vessel. The statement of
this proposition shows its fallacy.
I have had within the last month letter upon
letter, scores of them, from the city of Chicago
alone, complaining of tie delay and expense
that importers are Objected to in the city pf
New York on the goods that are imported from
abroad. They state the amount sometimes at
thousands of dollars. I recollect to have had
a letter within a day or two in which the im-
porting merchant says he was put to a thou-
sand dollars expense and adelay of some weeks
upon goods which he had imported from abroad
before he could get them out of the vessel, have
tliem taken to the place of inspection in the
city of New York, pay the expenses of carting,
and there have them inspected and then taken
oat of the bonded warehouse and out upon the
conveyance that transported them to the city
of Chicago, where, after all, he pays the duties.
The whole object of this bill is to get rid of
these delays, to take the goods immediately
out of the vessel, place them in the hands of
some responsible company sealed up, with a
bond for the protection ox the Government,
and have them transported at once to the place
of destination. It is to remedy the complaints
that are made on the part of the importers in
the interior cities. I can see no objection to
this bill and no such danger in it as the Sena-
tor from Vermont seems to suppose.
Again, it is asked why, if half adozeu cities
are put into this bill, should not all the cities
be put in; why not Buffalo and Cleveland and
Detroit&nd Milwaukee and Memphis andLouis-
ville and all the cities that you can mention
throughout the country ? I might retort on my
friend and ask him why, if you have a custom-
house established at Louisville, should you not
have one at Covington and at every place
where a steamboat can touch upon any of the
interior waters of this country ? Why not have
a collector and surveyor at every port on the
Atlantic coast and at -every place of landing
upon all our interior rivers ? Our legislation
must be reasonable. At great central points
we do establish custom-houses and have officers
to collect the revenue; but because that is done
at the city of New York and Boston and in
some of the large cities in the interior must it
be done in every town of one hundred, five
hundred, or five thousand inhabitants? The
answer to this objection is, that it is only at
great central points that any considerable quan-
tity of goods is imported, and there is no ne-
cessity for having these custom-houses, or hav-
ing authority to transfer goods under this bill.
The necessity is where there is any consider-
able amount of business done, and not at all
those points; and I understand that the bill
only embraces those places in the country which
cuntain more than two hundred thousand in-
habitants, with the exception, perhaps, of the
city of Portland in the State of Maine, and
why that has been inserted I do not know.
Mi'. MORliILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator not admit that there will be a necessity i'or
establishing these ports, if they are established
at all, on the great thoroughfare that is now
progressing from here to the Paciflc coast, say
at Cheyenne, or some other groat distributing
point where they are doing a large amount of
business, but still migkt not have two hundred
thousand inhabitants ? • ' .
Mr. TRUMBULL,.- It is possible that there
may be some other points than those named
here which should be included. I think the rule
adopted by the committee to limit it to cities
containing two hundred thousand inhabitants is
a very wis© one. It, is possible that by and
by there may be other places to which this
facility can be extended, but is it any reason
for-saying that we should not have a custom-
house, a collector, aud a surveyor at New
Orleans because we have not got them at Mem-
phis, or at Vicksburg, or at every landing-place
on the Mississippi river ?
Of a piece with these objections is another ;
and really if they vere not made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont I should look upon them
as almost captious. The Senator seriously tells
you that in the section of this bill which im-
poses fines and penalties for violating the law
no court is provided to try the cases. Why,
sir, surely the Senator from Vermont needs not
to be told that when a law of Congress imposes
a fine and a penalty for its violation the United
State® courts have jurisdiction of the offense.
It was not necessary to insert in the bill what
court should have jurisdiction of it. If you
make an offense perjury under the laws of the
United States do we not all know that the
United States court in the proper district has
jurisdiction of the crime of perjury, and it is
unnecessary to repeat in every statute that that
court shall have jurisdiction?
_ I am really at a loss to conceive why this
bill should meet with the opposition that it
does. It passed the House of Representatives
on the 28th of May last—nearly a year ago.
Mr. NYE.- Not this one.
Hr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; this bill I am
now considering. At the end of the printed
copy which I hold in my band you will see the
certificate of the Clerk of the House of Rep-,
resentatives to that effect. I am aware that
the Senator from. Nevada refers to the fact
that the Senate Committee on Finance pro-
pose to amend it; but if he will compare the
amendment with the original bill he will find
them substantially the same. The amendment
is a substitute reported in that form, I pre-
sume, so as to avoid making frequent amend-
ments in the text. They are all put in one
amendment, a practice that is often adopted
in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say that the
amendment of the committee is much more
stringent in its provisions thau the House bill,
and restrains the Treasury Department so as to
guard against every possibility of fraud.
Mr. NYE. Was it intended to guard against
every possibility of fraud?
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as the committee
could.
Mr. NYE. Was that the object of the pro-
vision giving the Secretary of the Treasury
power to say who shall carry these goods, and
to provide that they shall be carried on roads
of the same gauge?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of that is to
prevent fraud. There is no doubt about that;
and this bill, it will be remembered, if it has not
the formal sanction of the Treasury Depart-
ment, is understood to have been prepared at
the Treasury Department, and has the real
sanction of that Department of the Govern-
ment.
Again, this bill is recom mended by the boards
of trade of the United States at their national
convention, composed of merchants from New
York and Boston and Chicago and St. Louis
and all the leading cities of the country. They
considered this matter and regarded it as a mat-
ter of fairness to merchants living in^the inte-
rior and away from the city of New \ ork. It
is regarded by these importing merchants as a
matter of very considerable importance. The
bill is carefully prepared, and the very features
of it which the Senator from Nevada objects to
are inserted for the purpose of preventing fraud,
to have designated routes over which this mer-
chandise shall pass, which maybe watched,so
that there taay be an opportunity te see that
frauds are not practiced while the goods are in
transitu fro m the city of New York to the inte-
rior cities of the country. ' ■■■
... I hope, sir, that this bill may he-allowed to
pass, and that the assault made upon it in gene-
ral terms of denunciation will not be permitted
in Jthe Senate to drive from its support those
who are in- favor of a fair and just measure
which shall operate equally upon all the im-
porters of the country. - -
Mr, MORGAN, Mr. President, I had sup-
posed thatif there was unanimity on any one
questkm it was in condemnation of the bonded
system aa far as it eelates to internal revenue.
I supposed the whole country was agreed that
the great frauds and the great loss of revenue
had ari&ea. from the bonded system in relation
to internal revenue. Nov/, instead of correct-
ing that, if we pass thi3 hill we propose to apply
that to all foreign commodities. Itis exten-
sion of the bonded system to all foreign im-
portations, for the first section piavides—
That whenever any merchandise, except wilie, dis-
tilled spirits, $od perishable or explosive articles,
or articles in butk, imported at any port of entry in
th'e United States shall appear by the invoice or bill
of lading and by the manifest to bo consigned to arid
destinedfor either of the po rtshereinafter specified—-
Which are referred to in section eight,
the collector at the port of arrival shall permit the
owner, agent, or consignee to make entry thereof
for warehouse and immediate transportation, and
on the execution of a bond as hereinafter provided
shall deliver-the sameto-be immediately transported
to such fpxt of',destinatioa at the sole cost, and risk
of such owner, agent, or consignee. And such mer-
chandise so entered for immediate transportation
shall not be subject to appraisement and liquidation
of duties at the port of first arrival aforesaid, but
shall undergo such examination as the Secretary of
the treasury shall deem necessary to verify the in-
voice and entry, and tho same examination and ap-
praisement thereof shall be required and had at the
said port of destination as would have been required
at the port of original importation, if such mer-
chandise had been entered for consumption or ware-
house at such port.
It seems these goods are not even to be ex-
amined at the port of arrival; no examination
or appraisement whatever is to be made of
them. They are simply to be taken out of the
vessel and a bond given for their delivery at
some of the ports of entry named in this bill.
I think there is a radical defect in-the bill.
I appeal to the Senator from Illinois and to
other gentlemen who are lawyers to answer me
whether there is not a constitutional difficulty.
In section nine of article one of the Constitu-
tion it is declared that:
"No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of ono State
over those of another; nor shall vessels bound to or
from one State be obliged to enter, elear, or pay
duties in another."
Now, I should like to know why it is that in
section eight these privileges are given to the
ports of "St. Louis, in the State of Missouri,
Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio, Boston, in the
State of Massachusetts, Philadelphia, in^ the
State of Pennsylvania, Baltimore, in the State
of Maryland. N ew Orleans, in the State of Lou-
isiana, and Portland, in the State of Maine/'
How can that be done without violating the
express words and letter of the Constitution 1
If that is so it seems to me we need not go
any further. The bill is wrong in every part;
but if it is a clear violation of the Constitu-
tion there should be an end of it; and if St is
not, I should like to know why.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I desire to state
a few reasons why this bill will not command
my support. Among the objections I have,
the first is to the army of officers that it cre-
ates. By looking over this bill carefully I find
that the number of officers is alone to be reg-
ulated by the Secretary of the Treasury ; that
he is to appoint .as many officers at all these
ports as he may deem necessary to carry oat
the provisions of the bill. That would make,
with the other provisions, as near as I can cal-
culate, about one hundred traveling custom-
houses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cap dismiss an equal
number of officers in New York.
Mr. NYE. I do not know that, iou must
