1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
have about th« same numberof officers whether
they have little or much to do. ' The horde, of
officers who are employed at' New York hav«
been able thus far to perform their duties pretty
well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have there been no
frauds ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir, there has been fraud;
but X believe thai the general rule is that the
wider the surface yoti cover the more room
there is for fraud. Th<| Government has lately
had a good deal of experience in transporting
articles in bond from _ Chicago to New York.
Bonds were approved in Chicago and sent from
one collector there to another. It is proposed
now to apply that system here. The result of this
bill, if it is adopted—I do not fear that it will
be—will be to send bonds to New York from
all these different ports. Instead of any cus-
tom-house business being, done at the proper
place it will be done on the wharf with a bond
in the one handand an order in the other from
the Secretary of the Treasury to put thegOodson
a certain line of a railroad of the same gauge.
Mr. Presideut, it is not only merchants that
are engaged in this, bill, but railroad men.
The great lines of railroad are concerned.
Why, I ask, do you jump by Cleveland and go
to Cincinnati? Because it gives you three
hundred miles more railroading upon a given
gauge.
Mr. STEWART. It is now evident that we
cannot finish thisbill, and I will make another
appeal to the Senate. I ask my colleague to
give way to let us act on the constitutional
amendment, so as to get a conference com-
mittee to meet to-morrow morning. I hope
the Senate will do it.
Mr. KELLOGG-. Will the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Ntb] allow me to ask him a
question?
Mr. STEWART. My colleague has given
way for a motion. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the constitu-
tional amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall not object if it is
done by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will ho read.
Mr. WHYTE. Is there not a bill pending
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. There is at
this time.
Mr. WHYTE. Then I object to taking up
the other measure.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
not object. I move to lay this bill on the
table; we can take it up again.
Mr. NYE. Temporarily.
Mr. STEWART. I move to lay the bill On
the table temporarily.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
to lay the pending bill on the table.
Mr. WHYTE called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
agreed to.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITOTIONAIi AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. Now I. move to take up
the Senate joint resolution No. 8.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the'United States.
The amendments were read as follows: in
lino three strike out the words "by the United
States or;" and in line four after the word
" color" to inseit " nativity, property, creed."
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
disagree 
Mr. POMEROY. Let the amendment be
rend as amended.'
The Chief Clerk. The proposed article of
amendment, if thus amended, will read:
Artil'-LK 1j- Tho right of citizens of the United
States to vote and hold office shall not be denied or
abridged by any State on account of race, color, na-
tivity, property, creed, or previous condition of ser-
vitude,
Tho Coiixrcis by appropriate legislation may en-
force Um 1'iovisions of thi:-' article.
Mr. STEWART. I itiove/that the Senate
disagree to the amendments of the House of
Representatives, and ask'a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I should
like to know in. what respect this amendment,
as'now framed by the House,' differs from the
one we sent to:the House* in the former reso-
lution to which they disagreed. It sounds very
much to me like the same amendment which
the House non-concurred in, as I understand,
by a very large vote, insisting ujion their first
form, which was simply a • provision that no
State should abridge the right of suffrage on
account of race or color. The House then
seemed to take exception to the Senate amend-
ment because it was too comprehensive. The
Senate amendment differed from the House
proposition in including the question of office-
holding. It differed also from the amendment
of the House in naming nativity, property, and
creed. I believe everything that was in the
Senate amendment as we sent it to the House
on a former occasion is now contained in this
amendment, unless it be the particular of edu-
cation. Possibly that may be different.
I should like theSenator from Nevada, then,
to explain before we pass upon this subject,
perhaps finally, at least in any deliberate man-
ner, somewhat the history of'this very singular
resolution of amendment.
The two Houses are at issue apparently upon
the question of the extent to which the amend-
ment shall be carried, the House of Repre-
sentatives originally insisting upon a single
particular, no exclusion from the right of suf-
frage on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, all which terms simply
mean eolored suffrage, and nothing else, and
the Senate, by its vote, insisting upon making
the amendment more comprehensive, and re-
moving sundry other disqualifications that exist
or may exist by virtue of State constitutions
and laws, and extending the amendment also
to the important question of holding office.
By common consent almost, as I understand,
in the House they stood by their original and
comparatively limited proposition ; they repu-
diated entirely what was done by the Senate
in the way of extending this proposed amend-
ment to cover officeholding and to cover the
several other disqualifications which I have
mentioned.
Mr. President, when I addressed the Senate
a few days since, I called attention to a remark-
able feature in the relations of the two Houses
of Congress for some years past. I then called
attention to the fact that upon all questions
now for many years bearing a political com-
plexion the House of Representatives always
insisted upon having its own way. It not only
insisted upon taking the lead in proposing con?
stitutional amendments, bills, and joint res-
olutions of a political character, but insisted
always that the Senate should give way when
there was any question of disagreement between
the two Houses. With a single exception of
the reconstruction act of March 2, 1867, the
House or rather the somewhat distinguished
and celebrated man who was known as the
leader of the House, had his own way. Sir,
this has been the history of Congress for six or
seven years in regard to all questions of a
political character that have undergone con-
sideration in the two Houses. And now, sir,
that he is no longer in that branch to give
direction to its action and to settle the law of
relation between the House and the Senate, his
example lives, and it is proposed in that branch
of Congress to follow upon theoldlineof policy.
Nothing could better illustrate the relations
of the two Houses than the history of this
joint resolution, originally passed in the House
of Representatives, sent to the Senate and
amended here, our amendments rejected by
, the House, finally a failure between the two
| Houses upon a resolution by their disagree-
j ment. Then the Senate took up our resolution
i which is now returned to us and they passed it
J in a manner to comply exactly with the original
ii proposition of the House, except that they
extended it to the question of holding office;
but otherwise-the Seriate framed their resolu-
tion in substantial conformity to the original
resolution of the House.
Now, sir, we send it back to them.; or rather,
we send them thjs new resolution, and what do
they do? Do th'ey take their own original
proposition upon.which the two Houses before
had disagreed ? No, sir they will not take a
resolution froip the Senate. I venture to say
that under no possible state of facts will a
Seuate resolution or a Senate amendment be
adopted by the House. That branch of Con-
gress will act in conformity to its settled prac-
tice, with its well-understood intention to have
its own way upon all occasions, upon all possi-
ble questions, when any measure having a po-
litical complexion is to be considered in Con-
gress. What a spectacle it is, sir, that now
they should send back upon the Senate reso-
lution an amendment substantially the same
which the Senate formerly put upon their reso-
lution, and which they rejected; anii without
any explanation or reason for it 1 The Senator
from Nevada rises here ; he does not ask us to
concur, but he asks us to do what is tanta-
mount to concurring, as we well know, judg-
ing by the history of the last six or eight years.
He asks us to send this subject to & committee of
conference, where the House will have its own
way. Of course, we know that beforehand.
There is not a precedent against it in the legis-
lation of Congress upon any political question
since the outbreak of the war.
Now, sir, we have the same point presented
here which was presented some days since
upon the other resolution, whether the Senate
will take the proposition of the House of Rep-
resentatives without venturing to amend it,
whether the Senate will register the edict of
the House, whether it will bend its will to the
will of the House, and that in the minutest
particulars and to the extent now of taking a
proposition which the House before contempt-
uously rejected when we sent it to them—a
proposition identical with this, unless it may
be in one small and very unimportant particu-
lar. I believe there is an educational test in
the constitutions of two or three States. That
is not general. No such test exists in the
constitution of my State, nor in that of, I be-
lieve, nine tenths of the States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This docs not
provide for an educational test.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is the very thing
I am speaking to. I say this is identically, as
I understand, the same classification of qual-
ifications for suffrage and for office which was
in the Senate amendment before, with that
exception.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And one other
exception.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is it?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senate
amendment provided that neither the United
States nor any State should impose disqualifi-
cations. This provides that no State shall
impose them. It prohibits the powers to the
States, but hot to the United States.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is very unimport-
ant.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think it is very
important.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is very unimportant.
Qualifications for holding office in this Gov-
ernment are fixed now by the Constitution of
the United States. The qualifications for suf-
frage for Representatives and for presidential
electors are now fixed, to be sure, by the legis-
lation of the several States, but with regard to
the great body of offices to which this amend-
ment relates and for which it is intended, tho
State regulations now are supreme, and they
are regulations which relate to suffrage and
holding office for State purposes.
Mr. President, I rose mainly for the purpose
of calling attention to the considerations which
I have mentioned in connection with this res-
solution of amendment. As to the particular
form which this proposition shall take, whether
it shall include more or less of qualification,
