264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Naturalization, d~c.-—Mr. Robinson.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
the points in the bill passed into law by this
Congress and in the treaties made with Prus-
sia and other Powers, and with England, now
pending in the Senate of the United States.
In 1848 I urged the attention of the authori-
ties here to the outrages perpetrated upon Ber-
gen and Ryan and other American citizens
imprisoned without cause in Ireland in that
year, and we succeeded in securing their re-
lease. On the 7th of March, 1867, within three
days after taking my seat here, I made my first
motion on this subject, calling for information
on the imprisonment of our citizens. That reso-
lution was answered March 20, 1867, and the
information refused. I followed the matter
up in committee and in the House. July 10,
1867, I had up the ease of Meany and Nagle,
since released. On November 21, 1867, Con-
gress came together, and I again brought the
question before the House the first day of its
meeting, and on the 21st and 25th of Novem-
ber and the 2d day of December, 1867,1 made
speecheson thisquestiou. Itissomewhatcuri-
ous now to look at the reception given by the
press to this subject.
The Washington Daily Chronicle of Novem-
ber 22, the day after my first formal speech
upon it, says:
"The irrepressible representative of the Fenians,
Richelieu Robixson, of Sew York," * • *
"desired to talk, but failed to get permission."
The New York Times of December 3, the
day after my second speech, says:
"Robinson opened his batteries." * * *
" The House is already tired of this subject, and
listened with impatience.'1
The Brooklyn Union of December 10,1867,
begged that-
Honest citizens, who prefer to attend to their own
business, free from embarassment arising from the
fcts ot their disorderly adopted fellow-citi&ens,
which they are not willing to and will in no case
incur, <fec.
I might go on and quote columns of such
ridicule with which we entered upon this great
struggle. Nor was this ridicule worse than the
indifference manifested by the leading news-
papers. Not one of them, so far as I saw, for
weeks had a single editorial of encouragement.
The New York Herald, of all the great dailies,
was the only paper to speak favorably of the
subject I hai introduced, and showed that it
was neither Fenianism nor Irish affairs, but the
great American question of protection to Amer-
ican citizens which I was urging. Ridicule and
neglect, however, had no influence on me; I
continued the agitation, as the reported pro
eeedings of this House will show. In the mean
time the weekly press, particularly the Irish-
American papers, had taken up the subject.
-Thousands of speeches, by myself and others,
in pamphlet form were circulated over the
country. Immense mass-meetings were called
in Washington, New York, Brooklyn, Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Chi-
cago, and St. Louis, and all the large cities
throughout the Union, and were addressed by
Governors of States, Senators of the United
States, and other distinguished men. Many of
the State Legislatures indorsed the movement
hy joint resolutions. The authenticated pro-
ceedings of these meetings and Legislatures,
duly signed by the officers—m some of which my
name was favorably mentioned—to the number
of sixty or seventy, came before the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs. Public attention was
aroused. Congress passed a law embodying
the right, of expatriation and protection to our
citizens, though not in as good a shape as it
left the Hon&e. Treaties followed with Prussia
and other continental Powers, and finally Eng-
land yielded her long-eherished doctrine of
perpetual allegiance, and accepted the Amer-
ican doctrine.
In closing my speech on December 2, 1867,
I said: '
r1i)\J,^ilu„,'>.n''y /iay.that, wheri this thing is accom-
M? dootnne which we announce
here to-day, and will hereafter insist upon, shall
become incorporated in international law, and its
vitality shall be recognized throughout the world,
though I may have departed before that time, my
memory may live among those who have advocated
it."
I knew how long cherished this doctrine of
perpetual allegiance was to Europe. I knew
we bad gone to war upon it, and had con-
cluded a peace with England without settling
it. I knew what apathy had seized the press,
what lethargy had deadened the people. I felt
the ridicule which from all quarters came pour-
ing upon us, but beyond the cloud we saw the
sunshine. We believed that this Congress
would, declare the inalienable right of expatri-
ation, and felt that in five or ten or twenty
years Prussia and England, the two countries
from which we had most to fear, the latter hav-
ing even then over a hundred American citizens
in her prisons, and the former imprisoning on
their return all our naturalized citizens born
in her dominions, for military service due to
her, would acquiesce: but in two years England
and Prussia accept our doctrine 1 The United
States has by bill declared the doctrine which
she will maintain against the world. Prussia
has already ratified a treaty with us, and emp-
tied her jails of our citizens, and England has
surrendered her centuried wrong to America's
right. And Meany and Nagle, Warren and
Costello are to-day released from British dun-
geons.
Am I not pardonable if I am now a little
egotistical? While I have attended to every
public matter of tariff, taxes, Hell Gate ob-
structions, suspension bridges, appropriations,
river and harbor improvements, and general
political and financial legislation, I have been
somewhat instrumental in carrying this the
greatest triumph of the age, which will live
when the petty struggles of party over impeach-
ment, reconstruction, and other measures of
the day will be forgotten, or remembered only
to be deplored. Might I not say that, as addi-
tional duty, I have helped a work which the
future millions of Brooklyn will be proud to
say was urged forward to success by one of
Brooklyn's Representatives.
Why, just compare results! There are many
distinguished men who claim that the freeing
of four million colored people from nominal
slavery is worth all the life and treasure ex-
pended during our recent war. One million
of American citizens dead on the field of battle,
hundreds of thousands crippled and diseased
through life, S3,000.000,000 squandered, debts
incurred, and taxes imposed under which the
country will stagger for generations to come;
and four millions colored people nominally
freed from slavery! This measure has cost no
increase of national debt, no battles have been
fought, no lives lost, and yet it emancipates
one hundred-millions of men from slavery quite
as galling as that of African slavery—a slavery
which denied to man the right of locomotion,
the right to call himself his own, and to go
where he pleased, and punished with impris-
onment and other severe penalties the fugitive
slaves returning within reach of their former
masters, and all this accomplished for the
Caucasian race—the race which has produced
Milton and Shakspeare, Burns and Moore, La
Fayette, Kosciusko, Tell, and Washington,
Sir, I regret nothing that I have done here.
Had I ignored the rights of our adopted citi-
zens I might have secured a reelection. The
two acts charged against me and working the
defeat of my nomination to next Congress were
casting my vote for the present Speaker and
talking so much on Ireland and Fenianism.
As for my vote for Speaker, we had no party
caucus regularly called. I had known the
present Speaker as a friend of Ireland's na-
tionality. I had read his speeches on that sub-
ject in Chicago, and willing to show my respect
rora friend of Irish nationality, when I betrayed
no principle nor trust of my party, I acted as
I did. The other Republican officers of this
rlouse were elected unanimously. Recently
the present Republican Doorkeeper received
all the Democratic votes on this floor. To-
morrow, this Speaker will receive a unanimous
vote of thanks from the Democrats of this
House. Wherein was my crime greater than
theirs? Even this I do not regret, and I am
free to say that whenever I can show my friend-
ship for any advocate of Ireland's cause with-
out betrayal of or detriment to my party, I will
do so wherever I may be placed. On the other
question my only regret is that I have not
talked and done more for Ireland. I am more
than repaid in the consciousness that through-
out the world, wherever a true Irishman lives
who has heard my name, in him I have a
friend ; and that many regrets are to-day enter-
tained that in the coming Congress one voice,
always faithful to Ireland, will be silent when
her name is spoken.
Among all the words of commendation I had
in this cause none were so encouraging as
those I received from the late James T. Brady.
Among his expressions of approbation of my
course was this letter written to one whom he
knew felt keenly every ribald joke against the
cause iu which I was so earnestly engaged,
and whose heart- he knew would thrill with
gratitude at every kindly word spoken in its
favor:
_ Willard's Hotel,
Washington, D. C., December 18,1867.
My Dkae -—: Last Sunday I was kept in my bed
afflicted with a headache. Some consolation was
afforded me by reading " Rob's" speech. * *
* * I think nothing ever was said or could be
said more appropriate or effective than that which
emanated from our "mutual friend." When he
spoke the other day he called it aquestion of "priv-
ilege," but proved it to be a matter of right, not
merely right of speech to him, but national right in
all who claim to be Americans by birth, service, or
adoption.
I know that Rob and myself have often made
speeches which more illustrated the genius and flu-
ency of onr race than the logic of our subject. But
just now he has made a hit, and just as sure as you
and I live what he advanced in his brief and pointed
speeches has become a great and an eternal national
question. I moan "eternal" until we have given
Ireland her rights and degraded her oppressors.
***** **##*
In haste, yours, most respectfully,
JAMES T.BKAXiY.
It is a melancholy pleasure to me to-day to
summon him who wrote those words for a
moment from the gloom of the grave in which
I have seen him laid, and to try to realize the
loss which every good cause has sustained iu
the death of its ablest and truest champion,
and to dedicate a few words to his memory :
" Romance and reality blended, in sooth.
The firmest of manhood the freshest of youth
In honor's most beautiful form.
Not even to save the whole cargo of truth
"Would he cast out a part in the storm]
Gloom! gloom!
The firmness and freshness are nipped in the
bloom,
Broad and dark is the shadow that falls from his
tomb.
*' Go—mix with tho crowds where his praises are
spoken;
Go--watch the wet eyes that hang over each token
His genius hath given of its birth.
Would millions in one common grief be combined
If some spell-work embracing the heart and the
mind
Of man in its magical girth
Were not loft, like a scroll from his spirit behind,
To eircle and gird up the earth ?"
I have said that I did not neglect my con-
stituents in attending to the rights of American
citizens abroad. There was no question that
I neglected to advocate or condemn according
as I believed it was for the good of my constit-
uents or otherwise. Even this day the Brooklyn
bridge bill was taken up out of its order on my
urgent entreaties and passed, which otherwise
might have been lost in the hurry oi'the closing
hours of this Congress. In all I have done,
which I shall not attempt to enumerate? I con-
sidered it niy duty, and I seek no praise for dis-
charging it, but I claim to have been faithful
to my constituents and true to the party elect-
ing me in all things in which they were prop-
erly interested.
And now, sir, what of the future of this new
