1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
whether it shall be confined to the question of
suffrage or shall include also the question of
holding office, I care but very little. The shap-
ing ot' the amendment is, of coarse, a matter
that pertains to those gentlemen who propose
to support the constitutional amendment, and
the question of whether they shall consider
this subjeet in open Senate, or consider it in a
committee of conference they may think is a
question to be considered by them also. But
I submit that now, with the record which we
have before us on this subject, it belongs to
the dignity and self-respect of the Senate to
take the subject up and decide it by a vote in
open Senate. It belongs to its dignity and
self-respect here to determine what it will do,
and not to turn this subject over, after ail this
history, to the private consultations of a com-
mittee of conference, and then afterward be
compelled to take a report from a committee
of conference entire, just as it may be returned
to us, or to reject the resolution altogether by
rejecting the report of the committee, or post-
poning the subject indefinitely.
I feel some little concern, although I am not
ranked as a supporter of this resolntion, in
understanding what are the relations between
the two Houses of Congress, in what manner
Oar business shall be transacted; and I feel
also some little curiosity to know whether a
former distinguished colleague of mine from
Pennsylvania really has a successor in that
House ; whether the old established .practice
of making the will of the Senate bend at all
times to the will of the House of Represent-
atives is to be continued under some new
man.
Asa matter, then, of self-respect and of dig-
nity, I am opposed to sending this subject to
a committee of conference, although, as I said
before, I am somewhat indifferent with regard
to the shape which it shall finally assume. It
is time that the Senate gave the other branch
of Congress in a respectful and proper manner
to understand that it has opinions and a will
of its own, and that go far as parliamentary
rules and courteous relations "permit, those
opinions and that will will be asserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate disagree to the amendments of
the House of Representatives, and ask for a
committee of conference.
Mr. WARNER. I ask if a motion to con-
cur in the amendment of the House is now in
order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. WARNER. 1 make that motion, and
ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know that that
motion is in order.
Mr. WARNER. I understand that it is.
Mr. STEWART. There is a motion pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to concur has precedence of the other motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to have
a time set apart for taking the vote on such a
question as this. To bring in a bill from the
House of Representatives late in the evening
and proceed to its consideration, and then take
the vote when it was understood that the even-
ing was to be devoted to business from the Com-
mitte on Finance, seems to me to be inappro-
priate, at least. The Senate is thin. No one
expected that this constitutional amendment
was coming up this evening. The Senator from
Ohio had the evening set apart for the business
of his committee. Those Senators not inter-
ested particularly in the bills that they sup-
posed were to be considered are not here.
There are many Senators absent who take a
deep interest in this constitutional amendment.
I think myself we had better not proceed to
vote upon it to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN, if the Senator will allow
me I will move to take up the subject which
was under debate a moment ago.
Mr. POMEROY. I should be glad to vote
upon it myself if the Senate were full.
Mr. STEWART. I will consent to a post-
ponement, but it will crowd out other business
40t.u Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 91.
to-morrow ; it will take all day to-morrow
probably if it is passed over to night.
Mr. POMEROY. Say five o'clock to-mor-
row as the time for taking the vote-
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on the
Judiciary have that-hour.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a resolution -ap-
propriate to that committee.
Mr. FRE LIN GH U Y.SEN. Let the motion
to concur be withdrawn and let us dispose':of
it to night.
Mr. STEWART. There is a quorum pres-
ent, and I think the yote had better be taken
upon the question of concurring.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this subject was
only taken up by general consent.
Mr. POMEROY. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada if he proposes to concur by
a majority vote and then call it passed?
Mr. STEWART. If there isany doubt aJ>out
that motion I will consent to let it lie over.
Mr. POMEROY. All you can get is a ma-
jority vote on the question of concurrence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the bill which was
up a few moments ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to take up the other
bill.
- Mr. CONKLING. Which other bill?
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to appeal to
my friend from Ohio to permit me to bring up
my bill relating to the railroad into the Dis-
trict.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it betaken up inform-
ally, and then I have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us understand the
question. Is the proposition to take up the
bill relative to the appraisement of merchan-
dise?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
the bill pending.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to any arrange-
ment. I do not want it to be taken up to be
the unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
New York be kind enough to listen to me for
a moment? Let this motion be made, and
then I desire to bring up my bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I will make no objec-
tion to the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania unless his proposition involves taking
up this pending bill, so as to make it the un-
finished business for to-morrow at oneo'clock.
I object to that for special reasons; first, be-
cause I am opposed to the bill, and, second,
because there are a number of bills from the
Judiciary Committee, the least of which I con-
sider more commendable, and in1 that sense
more important than this bill, and I do not
wish to see them overslaughed by taking up
this pending bill to the end that it may be the
unfinished business to-morrow at one o'clock
and overrule everything else.
Mr. STEWART. And to-tnorrow at one
o'clock I desire to have the constitutional
amendment considered, and therefore I shall
be obliged to move an adjournment.
Mr. CAMERON. I am sure the Senator
will not make that motion until I can call up
my bill.
Mr. STEWART. Let the constitutional
amendment bs laid aside informally, and then
the Senator from Pennsylvania can call up his
bill. .
Mr. CAMERON. That is what I desire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
be done by unanimous consent. .
Mr. DRAKE (in his seat.) I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the bill will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An objection was made.
Mr. DRAKE. I objected.
Mr. CONKLING. No Senator rose aud
objected.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Mis-
souri made the objection in his seat, and he
was kind enough to withdraw it.
Mr. DRAKE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew the objection.
Mr. CAMERON. No, you will not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, I will. :
Mr. CAMERON. Yoa cannot do it, and I
am sure you will not. I ask the Clerk to read
the bill.
■ Mr. POMEROY. I believe the constitu-
tional amendment is before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the question before the Senate ; and the ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments of the
House of Representatives^ on which question
the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it not require a
two-thirds vote to concur ott the constitutional
amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
holds that it does not; but the Senateholds the
other way, or did so hold before. • [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if it does, it re-
quires the yeas and nays at any rate.
Mr. CAMERON. If the President Will
allow me a moment, he will remember that a
little while-ago it was agreed that whenever the
subject in which the Senator from Ohio was so
much interested should be disposed of the bill
granting permission to bring the railroad into
Washington should be taken up. Senators are
all interested in that, and they may as well
agree to take it up now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The con-
stitutional amendment is before the Senate.
Mr. CAMEB.0N. I move to postpone it
temporarily for the purpose of taking up the
bill I have named.
The motjon was agreed to.
balmmore asd potomac railroad.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, I move to take up
the railroad bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
whether the bill we were considering a short
time ago is not before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is pending,
to take up another bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us get through with
the bonding bill.
Mr. CON KLING. That has been laid aside.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. It was laid
on the table. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 936) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to authorize the
extension, construction, and use of a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
into and within the District of Columbia," ap-
proved February 5, 1867. The bill provides
that the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany which, by the act of Congress entitled •
"An act to authorize the extension, construc-
tion, and use of a lateral branch of the Bal-
timore and Potomac railroad into and within
the District of Columbia," was authorized to
extend into and construct within the District
of Columbia the lateral branch of its road in
that act of Congress mentioned, may enter the
city of Washington with their railroad and con-
struct the same within the limits of the city on
and by whichever one of the three routes herein
designated the company may elect and determ-
ine upon:
First. Beginning at the intersection of Mary-
land avenueandBoundarystreet; theucenorth-
westwardly along Boundary street to west Sev-
enth street.
Second. Beginning at the intersection of
Boundary street and North Carolina avenue ;
thence southwestwardly along North Carolina
avenue to south D street; thence along south
D street westwardly to Virginia avenue: thence
along Virginia avenue northwestwardly to the
intersection of south C street and west Ninth
street; or,
Third. Beginning at some point on the north-
ern shore of the Eastern Branch of thePotomac
river between south L and south M"'streets;
thence westwardly between those streets to the
intersection of Virginia avenue with south L
and east T welfih streets; thence .along Virginia
avenue northwestwardly to south K street;
