1869.
THE CONGRESSIOKA L GLOBE.
bocanse of an Indian war, and it was coin -
pelled to select its route, limited as it was by
the theater ot that war. The lavv required that
the map should be filed by a certain day, and
it filed dne of a route on the Republican fork.
But when the wat ceased and it became pos-
sible to survey the Smoky Hill valley, it came
to Congress atid asked permission to change
its route, because the Secretary of the Interior
held that the filing of the map settled the route
absolutely. The appeal to Congress was from
a ruling that was purely technical and was be-
lieved to be subversive of the interests of the
Government as well as of the Country.
General Sheridan, in a letter to General
Grant of May 2, 1868, says :
" I know that pecuniarily it would be to the ad-
vantage of the Government to help this road; cer-
tainly ys far as Fort Wallace, and also to 3?ort Lyon.
$ut in addition, it almost substantially ends our In-
dian troubles by the moral effect which it exercises
over the Indians, and the facility which it gives the
militaiy in controlling them."
And again :
"Xo one, unless he has personally visttod this
country, can well appreciate the great assistance
which this railroad gives to economy, security, and
effectiveness in the administration of military affaiis
in this department."
If these statements, and that of General
Sherman-to which! have referred, are correct,
it is a matter of great economy, not only of
money but of life, that the road should be on
this route, but that it should, even though we
have to help it by a loan of credit, go on to
Cheyenne Wells, where there arc wood and
water and coal, A railroad to that point will
economize the resources of the Government in
every respect.
But, sir, the great matter of economy in this
would be its eft'ect upon the Indian war. Gen-
eral Sheridan tells us that the construction of
this road would practically terminate it. Along
the three hundred miles already built there
has been no Indiau war. Not a rail has been
disturbed. No Indian war has disturbed the
Union Pacific railroad; but within the fifty-
four miles for which this subsidy is asked In-
dian hostilities prevail. Traveling from the
present point of terminus, Fort Wallace to
Denver, the whole line is marked with new-
made graves of the victims of Indian butchery.
Build this road and travel and trade will pass
as safely from Fort Wallace to Denver as they
now pass from the initial point of this road to
its terminus in the ''limitless wilderness."
How much are we spending every year among
the Indian tribes near to the point to which we
ask to carry this road ? Far more than the
entire subsidies asked. The granting of this
subsidy will, by stopping Indian hostilities,
save in one year more than the principal sum ;
while the saving in transportation, as is shown
in the letters from the quartermaster, General
Easton, will be more than the interest on the
whole amount of bonds issued to this company.
As a measure of humanity, as a measure of
economy, as a means for developing the min-
eral regions of the country, I believe that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbuiine]
would better subserve his great purpose of pro-
tecting the Treasury and restoring the credit
of the country by advocating than by opposing
the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP addressed the House.
Without completing his remarks he gave way to
Mr. KERR, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : A memorial of the
Milwaukee Chamber of Commerce, praying
that the fifty per cent, clause of the bankrupt
law for the benefit of creditors shall aot be
fttrf&er extended.
By Mr. HARDING: The petition of Otis
Hull, a soldier of the ninety-ninth regiment of
Illinois volunteers, for relief.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
The petition and document of Ellen Keener,
asking for $100 bounty.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition of owners
and masters of vessels of Alexandria, Coon
river, Norfolk, and Richmond, Virginia, with
accompanying papers, praying the intervention
of Congress to protect all engaged in navigation
from illegal exactions by State and municipal
corporations.
Also, petitions from owners and masters of
vessels of New London, Connecticut, and Port
Republic, New Jersey, praying the interven-
tion ot Congress to protect all engaged in nav-
igation from illegal exactions by State and mu-
nicipal corporations.
By Mi;. ORTII: A petition of citizens of
Delphi^ffndiana, on the subject of tax on man-
ufaetrfes.
j^^Mr. IIOLBROOIv: A memorial of the
^fgislative Assembly of the Territory of Idaho,
asking an appropriation for the survey of the
boundaries of the Fort Hall and Nez Perees
Indian reservations in the Territory of Idaho.
By Mr. PRICE : The petition of C. F. John-
son, for'proteetion by Government of loyal citi-
zens in the State of Mississippi.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of J.
Whittesey Walton and others, in relation to
the northern Pacific railroad.
By Mr. STEWART: The petition of Wel-
lington & Cox, P. W. Engs & Co., Park & Til-
ford, and others, merchants of Now York city,
for amendment of section fifty-six, act July 20,
1868.
Also, a petition of New York merchants for
reduction of tax on sales of liquors, and mak-
ing all taxes on sales of merchandise uniform.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of Richard
M. Bouton and Harriet F. Fisher, for com-
pensation for the exelusiveuse by the Govern-
ment of the United States of their invention
for making and charging percussion caps.
By Mr, WELKER : Tho petition of Caro-
line A. Trofford, for a pension.
Also, tho petition of Edward Hayes, of com-
pany E, eiglity-nintli Massachusetts volunteers,
for pension.
Also, the petition ofFisk Mills, askingthe ex-
amination and adoption of his group of statuary,
representing the emancipation of slavery, for
the pediment of the south wing of the Capitol.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 21, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gbay, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a communication from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with an
estimate of the funds that will be required to
enable the Indian department to relieve the
immediate and pressing wants of the Sisseton
and Walipeton Sioux Indians, on the reserva-
tions at, Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake, Da-
kota Territory, and also the amount necessary
for tho next fiscal year to properly care for
them and to enable them to commence farming
operations at the earliest day practicable; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, submitting an estimate of an appro-
priation required for supplying deficiencies in
the appropriations made for the Sioux of Da-
kota, the Arickarees, Gros Ventres, Mandans,
Crows, and Yanctons, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 80, 1868, and for subsistence pur-
chased for the Poncas ; which was referred to
the Committee oa Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
HOTISK BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. li. No. 16JO) to restrict and
regulate the iY.iuking privilege was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT p?-o tempore presented!
a petition of citizens of New Jersey, praying
that women be granted the right of suffrage ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of H. V.
Boyntoti, asking for the extension of the eight-
hour law to other than Government employ6s;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Robert D.
Brown, praying for an increase of pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen
sions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of N.
P. Young, praying the removal of the political
disabilities imposed on him by acts of Con-
gress ; which was referred to tho Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. VAN WiNKLE presented the petition
of Charles W. Statham, of Virginia, praying
the removal of the political disabilities im-
posed on him by acts of Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, praying that women be granted
the right of suffrage; which was referred to the
Committee on the J udiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Connecticut, praying that women be granted
the light of suffrage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Meta Nimitz, praying the restoration of prop-
erty sold for taxes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proeeed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No 8.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the morning busi-
ness will be gone through with first.
Mr. STEWART. I will give way to the
morning business after the resolution is taken
UP-
The PUESIDENTpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent io consider the motion at
this time. Does any Senator object?
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. STEWART. It is the constitutional
amendment.
Mr. VICIvERS. I have a number of reports
to make.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore.. WlienSeti-
ators rise to offer morning business the Chair
must consider that they object to the consid-
eration of other business. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
REPORTS Ot' COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred t.he petition of J. H.
Merrill, a captain in what was known as tho
naval brigade, praying compensation for his
services, reported adversely thereon, and moved
that it be indefinitely postponed; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. B. Braden, Wil-
liam S. Comb, and S. P. and P. F. Hodges,
praying compensation for articles furnished by
them upon a requisition of tho military author-
ities in September, 1862, to put one of the
grist mills at New Ulm, Minnesota, in run-
ning order, reported adversely thereon, and
moved that it be indefinitely postponed ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 723) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by pledge
of United States bonds, aud to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
