1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Resumption of Specie Payments—Mr. Cornell.
Ho. or Beps.
Ireland—these United States? We have no
need of fear from the immediate reception and
admission to citizenship of all who come from
Ireland or Germany. They have ever been
and ever will be true to your flag and loyal to
your cause. They have always bled freely and
fought well for this country. There were more
soldiers in proportion to their numbers from
our foreign-born than from our native popula-
tion in the late war.
In closing an address which I delivered at
Hamilton College before the Psi Upsilon Fra-
ternity, composed of graduates and undergrad-
uatesofYale, Harvard, Union, Amherst, Dart-
mouth, and other, colleges, on the 22d of July,
1851, 1 stated the number of soldiers, native
and adopted, that would rush to the rescue of
this country whenever its safety was periled.
This was eighteen years ago. Who then be-
lieved that any one living would ever see an
army of one hundred thousand Irishmen in
the field to sustain our flag and Union ? With
an extract from that speech expressive of my
feelings then and of my feelings now, as well
as of the feelings of every Irish or German im-
migrant landing on our shores, I shall close my
remarks on this occasion. I quote from the
New York Daily Tribune of July 30, 1851:
" This Union shall not fall. It shall stand, for the
prayers and hopes aiid sympathies of a world are
gathering around it. Xu the veins and hearts of its
sons there is blood red as its stripes, and patriotism
pure as the light ol its stars, ready for its defense.
Its enemies shall be met and conquered on the ocean,
and no foot of a foreign invadcrshail ever desecrate
its soil. Around its borders, on every inlet, are
instruments ot brass and steel, whose music shall
charm away all invaders. There are four millions
of citizen soldiers whose every heart is a citadel,
whose every body is a shield around and over it; and
around the citadel of liberty shall rise ramparts of
bodies, and shall flow a deluge of blood, betore its
safety is periled or its throne shaken. From the ex-
iles irom one country alone, whose sons, flying irorn
oppression there, found shelter here, we could raise
an army of one hundred thousand fighting men, as
brave, as irresistible, as their countrymen who fought
at Cremona or Fontenoy. Within soundof the City
Hall bell of New York we could raise an army of
Irishmen larger than either General Scott or General
Taylor had under his command at any time during
the war with and conquest of Mexico; and m the
right arm of every one of them is a twitching sensa-
tion ot desire to avenge upon .European monarchies,
aud particularly on that of England, the oppression
and sufferings ot centuries. The world in arms could
notsuccessluily invade this country, guarded by the
Irish and German soldiers alone, who would run to
its defense." ********
"I would as soon think of doubting my father's
integrity, my mother's honesty, or my wife's fidelity
as doubt the stability and perpetuity of my country.
There should be ' no such word as tail' in the lexi-
con of this Republic. Washington's wisdom, Mont-
gomery d blood, the blessings of the past, the promise
of the future, the hopes of the world, are mingling
with the folds of its flag and dancing in its stars.
" Those who talkot disunion have little iaith m
man's wisdom and less in God's providence. They
have but a faint idea of our bright destiny. The
light ot that flag shall burst like a sun upon the fall-
ing ruins of oppression throughout the world.
" Many au eye sick and sunken shall revive to gaze
upon thoinereasingcontteliation of itsstars. lucre
shall be no Gibeon on which the sun tf her glory
shall stand still, no valley of Ajalon over which the
moon of her beauty shall be staid.
"For him who shall attempt to fire the temple of
American liberty, who would pale a star or blot a
stripe from its glorious flag, time shall be too short
for repentance, Heaven too indignant for forgive-
ness, and the woe of the doomed too merciful lor the
punishment of hiscriuie. Heshall perit^h trom among
men, his name shall not blister on the page of histoiy.
* ♦ * > "The curl of woman's ruby hp
shall gather up red malisons for his memory. Tho
curse that sometimes will flutter even on the tongue
of angels will be hurled upon his head."
"My young friends, unto you is given this day a
glorious inheritance. Beneath the shadow ot your
eagle's wings lives and grows a Power greater than
that ever swayed by a Caesar or a u Alexander. Y ou
are born or adopted to an inheritance approaching
nearer that for which the Christian hopes hereatter
than anytemporal blessing, an inheritance eternal as
earth's ioundation, enduring as time. Cherish it as
you would your iile, your honor. It shall soon eom-
piit itself to your hands for good or evil. fc£e that
its laws are made in justice and obeyed with fidelity,
looking lor light to conform to that Supreme Wisdom
which tho wiso and good of all nations acknowledge,
for it is the fool whosaith in his heart oven that there
is no God. Live in the light of your own history,
lollowing the examples of your fathers; so shall you
enjoy blessings never elsewhere vouchsafed to man,
and transmit them unimpaired to your children and
your children's children forever. Sueh is the country
and such I trust her destiny soon to commit her inter-
ests to your care. 1 Who would not die to save her
and think hislotdivine?' Thisisthestonewhichthe
monarch-builders despised and which has now be-
come the head of the corner.
The poet prophet of Israel seems to have described
this country and its glorious career in the volume of
Revelations:
** 'And the Gentiles shall come to thy light and kings
to the brightness of thy rising. Thy sons shall come
from far and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy
side, because the abundance of the sea shall be con-
verted unto thee, the forces of the Gentiles shall
come unto thee, all they from Sheba shall come;
they shall bring gold. Who are these that fly as a
cloud and as the doves to their windows? Surely
the isles shall wait forme, and the ships of Tarshish
first to bring thy sons from alar, their silver and their
gold with them; and the sons of strangers shall build
up thy walls, and th* tr kings shall minister unto thee ;
therefore thy gates shall be open continually; they
shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring
unto thee the forces of the Gentiles, and that their
kings may be brought. The sons also of them that
afflicted thee shall come bending unto thee; and all
they that despised thee shall bow themselves down
at the soles of thy feet. I will make thee an eternal
excellency, a joy of many generations.'
" Would that I oould see the prophecy applicable to
my country as the inspired pen further wrote it;
44'I will also make thy officers' peace, and thine
exactors' righteousness. Violence shall no more be
heard in thy land, wasting nor destruction within
thy borders; but t'hou shalt call thy walls salvation
and thy gates praise; thy sun shall no more go down;
neither shall thy moon withdraw itself; for the Lord
shall be thine everlasting light. Thy people also
shall be righteous; they shall inherit the land for-
ever.5
"The Gentiles have indeed come to this great west-
ern light. This nation's adopted sons have indeed
come from far. Look at this cloud of Anglo-Saxon-
ridden poverty, flying as doves to the windows or
ports of our country, where safety and rest wait for
them. Ships, compared to which those of Tarshish
were as canoes to a man-of-war, bring our sons and
gold and riches from lands unknown to Sheba or
Jerusalem. The walls of our cities are literally built
up by sons of strangers. Night and day our gate-way
ports are open, and the strength, force, and flower of
monarchies crowd in. And the sons, too, of Eng-
land, the great afflictor of our fathers, are coming
bending to the starry flag; and those Norman nobles
that despised us and found their highest literary
enjoyment in the low billingsgate of their cockney
tourists, are bowing themselves down at our feet and
trying to drown the echo of their former curses in the
sycophant servility of their present flattery.
4 And oh 1 as we look to what we have been, what we
are, and what we will be, what son, native or adopted,
does not look back to the Father of his Country with .
thankful heart and grateful emotions? Spotlessand j
pure as ever human nature was was our own dear i
and revered father; pure and incorruptible as the !
gold, firm as the granite foundations, and vast, in com-
prehension as the extent of his country. All human
praise short of a violation of the first two commands
of the Decalogue be his. Reverence the most pro-
found, praise the most exalted, be rendered unani-
mously to him, as to him it must bo rendered, while
a posterity springs up or a wave of immigration rolls
to these shores worthy to inherit the country which
his wisdom established on such sure and liberal
foundations. Cold, treacherous, traitorous will be
that American heart in which the blood circulates
not more quickly; dull, dead must be the eye which
will not kindle with a nobler pride at the mention
of the name of Washington. As I lollow him back
and forward from North to South of our country,
the interests of a continent, the freedom of millions
of unborn generations, the hopes and rears of a world
gathering around him and centering in him,the suf-
ferings of his army, the successes and excesses of the
Anglo-Saxon enemy, the want of supplies, the doubts
and suspicions of some, the open threats of revolt,
the secret plottings of treason, all weighing upon
and crushing ins bigheart; yetstill bearingup under
all till his bright, untarnished sword, which freed a
people from tyranny, was laid down at the feet of
thatpeople'srepresentatives. Icannotbutthinkthat i
it would be treason, not only to our Constitution, but j
to the impulses of every true heait, to even think ,
of separating States woven together by his sacred ;
footsteps printed on their soil and guarded against ,
disunion by his dying words. J
"A citv set upon a hill, all nations cometoreceive ,
their light from us. Beneath every flag, dark or 1
paling, they comc, attracted by tho increasing stars \
and glowing brightness of our own. On every wave,
wherever ocean permits the amorous air to kiss his
curling lip or recline on his swelling bosom, they
come. Amid thedelugeofsufferingand tyranny that '
inundates the earth, till the highest mountain tops ;
of human hopes are submerged, this country appears
the Ararat on which the ark of humanity finds sure
foundation and peaceful rest. ;
"Shall such a country be destroyed? Shall the t
shadow of a great rock in a weary land be taken j
away? Shall the noble tree be destroyed which
gave us protection alike from the drenching rain and I
the burning sun? No, the good old oak shall stand. t
Its roots are deep in the people's affections; its j
brancheswave beneath the guardian smile of Heaven,  
thedaily, hourly, constant worship, beneathits thick ,
green shade is the grateful incense of a people's love. j
"So forever be it; and as each new wave of popu- !
lation, ebbing from the shores of Europe, flows in to
swell the flood rising on our own, as the immigrant
catches the first glimpse of our shore, when from the
folds of our Union's flag floating from masthead or
flag-staff he drinks in to intoxication the light of its
stars, as a babe's eye drinks in the light of its mother's
he will exclaim as I exelaimed:
"Hail! brightest banner that floats on the gale 1
Flag of the country of Washington, hail I
Red are thy stripes as the blood of the brave,
Bright are thy stars as the sub on the wave,
Wrapt in thy folds are the hopes of the free,
Banner of Washington, blessings on thee 1
" Mountain tops mingle the sky with their snow;
Prairies lie smiling in sunshine below:
Rivers as broad as the sea in their pride
Border thino empires, but do not divide;
Niagara's voice far oat-anthems the sea;
Land of sublimit; I blessings on thee I
" Hope of the world! on thy mission sublime,
When thou didst burst oo the pathway of Time.
Millions from darkness and bondage awoke:
Music was born when liberty spoke;
Millions to ooiae yet shall join in the glee:
Land of the pilgrim's hope I blessings on thee!
" Empires shall perish and monarchies fail;
Kingdoms and thrones in thy glory grow pale I
Thou shalt live on, and thy people shall own
Loyalty's sweet, where each heart is thy throne.
Union and freedom thine heritage be;
Country of Washington! blessings on thee!"
Resumption of Specie Payments.
SPEECH OF HON. T. COKNELL,
op new yoke,
Is the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1869,
On the bill (H. R, No. 1741) to strengthen the public
credit and relating to contracts for the payment of
coin.
Mr. CORNELL. So much time has already
been consumed in the discussion of questions
pertaining to the financial condition and wants
of the country, so much experience and ability
brought to bear upon them, that he who can
now justify himself in the attempt to shed new-
light upon the subject must be endowed with
more than ordinary wisdom and cherish im-
plicit confidence in the correctness of his owa
views. To such wisdom, let me say in the
outset, I lay no claim. On this, as on other
questions involving the interests of the people,
I have, indeed, earnest convictions, but they are
not sueh as lead me to believe in the perfect
infallibility of my individual opinions. In sub-
mitting a few reflections I am conscious of the
delicacy of the undertaking, especially in view
of the able and eloquent speeches to which it
has been my privilege to listen in this House.
At this advanced stage of the discussion it were
useless to attempt to add new theories to those
already before the House and the country.
The field has already been well traversed by
those who have gone before. The full harvest
has been gathered, and to us who appear at this
late hour there seems to be nothing left to do
but to gather here and there the few fragments
that may have escaped the notice of our prede-
cessors.
This subject of finance and currency has
been one of anxious solicitude to most of the
nations of the earth. In time past it has re-
ceived the attention of the ablest minds of both
Prance and England, and ill our own history
this is not the first instance in which we have
been called to the adjustment of questions of
this nature.
Some countries have confinsd themselves
exclusively to the use of gold and silver. But
nothing is clearer than that they have not en-
joyed that degree of prosperity, financial and
commercial, which has fallen to the lot of
other nations who, in addition to these, have
also employed a paper currency. Perhaps our
own country furnishes one of the best illustra-
tions of the fact that something more than
coin is requisite to the transaction of a large
and successful business. The early settlere, a
people so justly celebrated for their ambition
aud energy in the prosecution of their pur-
pose to found here a Government to honor God
