1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
thence along south K street westwardly' to
south Fourth street; thence, by a line curving
to the right, to the north bank of the canal;
and thence along the bank of the canal north-
westwardly to Virginia avenue; thence along
Virginia avenue northwestwardly,to .the inter-
section of south C and west. Ninth' streets.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was to strike out
all of the second section of the bill after the
enacting claps?, in tile following words:
That in- all cases Where the parties owning land or
other property required by the said Baltimore and
Potomac Hail road Company cannot agree with said
coinpany on tho amount of damages claimed either
for said land or materials in the construction of its
aforesaid road, the Baltimore and Potomao Railroad
Company shall tender a bond, with sufficient security,
to the party or parties claiming and entitled to the
damages, the condition of which shall t>e that the
company will pay, or cause to be paid, sueh amount
of damages as tho party shall be entitled to reccive
after the same shall have boen agreed upon by the
parties or ascertained under the provisions of the act
approved February 5, 1867, to which this actisasup-
plement; a,nd in case tho party or parties claiming
and entitled as owners of said land to tho damages
aforesaid refuse to accept the bond as tendered by
tho said railroad company, the company shall in
every such case present their bond to tho supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and if the court
approve of the security shall direct the same to be
tied in the clerk's office of said court for the benefit
of those to whom it is given; whioh bonds shall be
answerable for the amount of damages to bo assessed
if the same be not paid within sixty days after tho
amount shall have been ascertained in tho manner
provided for in tho act of Congress to which this is a
supplement. And upon tho tiling of such approved
bond, or its acoeptanco by the parties interested as
aforesaid, the said railroad company may forthwith
enter upon and construct thoir said railroad over the
laud or property of the said parties for whose benefit
tho said bond shall have boon given, in the samo
manner as the said company might do if they had
paid for tho said land or property.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That in all cases where tho parties.owning land or
Other property required by the said Baltimore and
.Ohio Railroad Company cannot agreo with said com-
pany on tho amount of damage claimed either for
said land or materials in tho construction of its afore-
said road, aDd a condemnation and valuation shall
havo boon mado as provided in the act approved
February 5,1867, and to which this act is amendatory,
either party may appeal to the supreme court of the
District; of Columbia within thirty days from the ren-
dition of the vcrdict of tho jury; and in all cases
where the said oompany shall take ah appeal, they
shall givo bond to tho party or partios claiming and
entitled to damages in a penalty at least double tho
 uin louud by tho jury, with a condition that the said
company shall pay or causo to bo paid such amount
of damages and costs as the party may bo entitled to
recoivo on the judgment of tho said supremo court,
without delay, and on which bond ample and suffi-
cient sureties shall be given, to bo approved by tho
supreme court; and in all cases where tho party or
parties claimaot shall appeal, tho said company, if
it (shall require tho immediate use of tho property
condemned and valued as aforesaid, before an appeal
can bo heard and dccided, it shall bo lawful for tho
. said company to execute and tonder a bond to 'ho
party aforesaid in at least double the sum found by
the jury, with sureties to bo approved by tho supremo
court, and with acondition to pay withoutdelay such
sum and cosU as may bo awarded by tho Gaid court
without further delay; and upon thodolivoiy or ton-
dor of such bond thesaid company may proccod to the
construction of thoirsaid road as if tho partios claim-
ant and the said oompany had agreed upon the com-
pensation to be paid for the property to be used; and
that in all oases where thesaid company shall appeal
and give bond as aforesaid, they may havo tho power
to proceed in the construction of the road and appro-
priation of the pi operty lor theuses thereof as if no ap-
peal had been takon and the parties had agreed upon
compensation forthe property required; in all oases
wherothc company and parties agree upon tho price
to be pa id for land and materials, tho same shall be
paid before the property shall be taken and used.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion three the following:
. Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That tho said Bal-
timore and Potomac Bailroad Company and any
other party or parties interested, and who may con-
s'tter themselves aggrieved by the verdict of thejury,
snail have the right to appeal to the supremo court
of the District of Columbia, whioh shall havo juris-
diction ot all such cases, and shall hear and determ-
ine the same, after notice to all parties, without the
intervention of ajury, and the judgment of thesaid
court shall bo final.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. ' .
. national junction railway.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 669, to incorporate the
National Junction Railway Company. It is a
bill of the same kind as the one just passed,
and there will be no objection to its passage,
I think. •
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will give
way for one moment the Senator from Alabama
[Mrr. Warner] now says that he will not press
his motion to concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the constitutional
amendment, and so I hdpe we shall be allowed
to have a committee of conference appointed
upon it at once.
Mr. HARLAN. Let this bill be taken up
first.
Mr. STEWART. Letushave the committee
of conference appointed. It will not take a
moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be taken up and I
will not object.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Now I ask that the bill
be laid aside, and that we resume the consider-
ation of the constitutional amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing that it shall
be laid aside informally.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move to lay it
aside until a vote can be taken on the consti-
tutional amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I will move to lay it on
the tabic temporarily, until we can have a com-
mittee of conference appointed.
Mr. POMEROY. It cannot be laid on the
table temporarily.
Mr. STEWART. Well, let it be laid on the
table.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill can be passed in
five minutes, and it ought to be done. We
ought to give the people of the District the
right to build a road for themselves around tho
District.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us pass the consti-
tutional amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. We can dispose of this bill
in five minutes, and then we can take up the
other subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 669) to in-
corporate the National Junction Railway Com-
pany.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. STEWART. 1 move to lay the pending
bill on the table and to take up the constitu-
tional amendment. That is evidently a long
bill and there will not be a quorum when the
reading of it is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can-
not be done. The bill must be read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us pass it by its title.
Mr. STEWART. If it can be passed with-
out reading, very well.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall hear the
bill read through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing will be proceeded with.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded (he
reading of the bill.
It proposes to create James A. Magruder,
John L. Kidwell, C. H. Cragan, John W.
Thompson, Hallet Kilbourn, - Alexander R.
Sheppard, and William H. Tenney, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, together with such other
persons as may become associated with them
lor that purpose, together with their succes-
sors, into a body-corporate and politic, in deed
and in law, by the name and title of the National
Junction Railway Company, and by that name
have perpetual succession, to be able to sue
and to be sued, to plead and be impleaded, to
defend and be defended in the courts of law
and equity within the District of Columbia,
and to use a common seal and adopt by-laws
for the regulation of its government.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia will be read.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the bill now
be laid on the table for the purpose of taking
up the constitutional amendment.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
adjourn-. It is getting rather late.
Mr. STEWART. I shall call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. CAMERON. That will not make any
difference. It is just as easy to vote on the
yeas and nays as any other way.
Mr. HAHLAN. I hope the bill will be
disposed of.
Mr. STEWART. I should be willing to let
it be passed if other Senators consent.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I do not think it well to
pass it without looking at it.
The PRESIDENT^rofeOT^we. The amend-
ments reported by the committee will be read.
The first amendment was in section two, line
four, to strike out the words "and lines ; " in
line six, after the word "Georgetown," to
insert " or at some eligible point on the south
shore of the Potomac river above and near
said bridge;" in line eight, after the word
"tunnel," to strike out the words "of eight
hundred feet;" in line fourteen, after the
words "navy-yard," to insert "at a point to
be indicated by the Secretary of the Navy ; "
in line sixteen, to strike out the words " whole
of the" and to insert "said;" and after the
word '' road'' to strike out the words " or such
portion of it as may be deemed advisable by
the company; " so that the section will read;
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation is hereby lully authorized and empow-
ered to survey, locate, lay out, construct, collect
tolls upon, maintain, and enjoy a railway lino, with
appurtenances and machinery necessary for one or
more tracks, within the District of Columbia, com-
mencing at the_northern torminus of tho aqueduct
bridge, in the city of Georgetown, or atsomceligible
point on the south shore of the Potomac river abovo
and near said bridge; thence by a tunnel through
College hill in a northwesterly direction; thence by
the most feasible route, crossing Itock creek into or
around the city of Washington, to a pointmostfeasi-
ble on the Potomac river or Eastern Branch of the
same, at or near the navy-yard, at a point to be indi-
cated by the {Secretary of the Navy, with the rights,
powers, and privileges to construct the said road;
the grades of the road to be approved by the author-
ities of the cities of Washington and Georgetown;
also the privileges of locating and constructing a
grand union depot on the line of said road, at some
point between Third street west and Fourteenth
street west, in Washington city; also a similardopot
at somo convenient point in Georgetown, near the
said aqueduct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line ten, to strike out the words " a cash of
five " and to insert the words "and ten;" in
line eleven, after the word "paid," to insert
" in lawful money at the time of subscribing
in line fourteen to strikeout "five" and in-
sert " ten and in line twenty, after the word
" stock," to insert " on which thesaid ten per
cent, has been paid as hereinbefore provided ;"
so that that portion of the section will read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the persons
i herein named as corporators, or a majority of them,
[ shall, within ninety days after the passage and ap-
j proval of this act, meet in tho city of Washington
i lor the purpose of prescribing regulations for open-
ing books of subscription to said capital stock, at
such times and place as they may designate, by pub-
lic notice of at least ten days in two daily papers in
tho city of Washington, and said books shall bo
kept open until $200,000 of said stock shall be sub-
scribed, and ten porcent. on all subscriptions shall
be paid in lawful money at the time of sub^ribing
to the person or persons authorized by tho corpora-
tors to receive the same; and whenever that amount
shall have been subscribed, and ton per cent, of tho
same paid in as above described.it shall be the duty
of tho above-named corporators (a majority of them
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-
ness) to call a meeting of tho stockholders, at tho
city of W ashington, for the purpose of electing direct-
ors of thesaid coiporation, and each share of said
stock on which the said ten 'per cent, has been paid
as hereinbefore provided shall entitle the owner to
one vote.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
