490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
the bill (S. No. 745) to repeal the usury laws
of the District of Columbia, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee,'to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 743) to provide a
penalty for violating the laws of Congress or
the ordinances of.the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, and of the levy court of the county
of Washington, District of Columbia, reported
it with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up and pass Senate
bill No. 781, simply authorizing the landing
of a telegraphic wire on the shores of the
United States. It will not take a moment.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall be allowed to
go through with the morning business. I de-
sire to introduce a bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
at this time.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S, No. 815)
granting a pension to Julia Whistler; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 816) to regulate the exaction of tonnage
tax upon Spanish vessels ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 817) supplemental to an act entitled "An
act to provide compensation for the services
of George Morell in adjusting titles to land in
Michigan; winch was read twice by its title,
luiuried to the Committee on Claims, and
ordeied to be printed.
, Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (8. No. 818) to regulate the pay-
ment of the tonnage tax; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
l'mauce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 819)
for the relief of William A. Moore, of North
Carolina; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 820) additional to an act granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph lino from Lake SuperiortoPuget's sound,
on the Pacific coast, by the northern route ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONICLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave'to introduce a bill (S.
No. 821) to prohibit secret sales or purchases
of gold or bonds on account of the United
btates, and for other purposes ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 822)
authorizing the_ Secretary of War to pay cer-
tain certificates issued for fortification purposes
in Lawrence, Kansas 5 which "was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
it&ry Affairs^ and ordered to |De printed,
INDIANS NORTH OF NEBIIASKA.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish the, Seaate, if in his judc-
nmittucsame be not incompatible with the public
interest, with a copy of the report ot Brevet Major
general William fe. llarney, (as commander of the
Indian district north ot the State of Nebraska ) con-
cerning the character and conduct of th© Sioux and
other Indians congregated and settled ander the
stipulations of trends made by the peace commis-
sion, and cxccuiod during the year 1868.
transportation of prisoners.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instructed to consider whether any fur-
ther legislation is needed to regulate the transport-
ation of prisoners convicted and sentenced in the
District of Columbia when on their way to some
distant prison where the sentence is to be performed.
ROBERT COLLEGE.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if not
incompatible with the public inteiest, any recent
correspondence on file in the Department of State
in relation to the establishment of the Robert College
at Constantinople.
STATE PASSENGER TAXES.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up, for the t
purpose of reference, Senate bill No. 798, t(/(
punish the collection of illegal taxef
sengers.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
committee does the Senator move to
bill?
Mr. MORTON. To the Committee on the
Judiciary; and on that motion I desire to be
heard for a very short time. That the Senate
may understand the character of the bill, I ask
the Secretary to read it before I make the few
remarks that I intend to submit this morning.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
A hill to punish the collection of illegal taxes on
passengers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress as-
sembled, That it shall be unlawful for any officer or
agent of any railroad or other corporation created by
authority of any State to pay to the government of
said State, orto any agent or officer thei eof, any gum
of money as a tax upon passengers or for the trans-
portation of passengers into said State or out of it,
or across its territory, and that any agent or officer
of any corporation as aforesaid paying money as
aforesaid to any State government, or to any officer
or agent thereof, for the purposes aforesaid, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic-
tion thereof shall be fined in any sum not exceeding
$5,000 nor less than $1,000.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any person
pretending to aet by or under the authority of any
State who shall collect or receive from any person or
persons, or from any railroad or other corporations,
any sum of money on behalf of such State as a tax,
price, or condition, upon passengers coming into,
going out of, or through such State, or for the trans-
portation of passengers into, out of. or through such
State, shall forfeit and pa.y to the United States the
sum of $2,000, to be collected by action of debt.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the circuit
and district courts of the United States shall have
jurisdiction for the trial and punishment of all mis-
demeanors and actions arising under the first and
sccond sections of this act, and the Supreme Court
shall have appellate jurisdiction in all cases arising
under this act.
Mr. MORTON addressed the Senate. [See
Appendix.]
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on referring the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. SHERMAN. The morning hour has
expired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired. The bill will be referred,
however, if there is to be no debate upon it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is to be
further debate if I can get the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the
Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to have
an _ opportunity of answering the argument
which has been made by the Senator from
Indiana before this bill is referred. The ar-
gument, as well as the bill introduced, is in
aid of the railroad interests of New Jersey
and antagonistic to the State of New Jersey.
The railroads will be very much obliged to
Congress for passing a law that their taxes
shall not be collected, while they possess the
franchises with which they are now invested.
As this bill directly affects the treasury of the
State that I in part represent, I desire the
opportunity of being heard either now or on
some other occasion. I am ready to proceed
now to discuss the question.
Several Senators. Go on.
Mr. CATTELL. I hope permission will be
given to my colleague to proceed with his re-
marks at this time, and I therefore make that
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that we shall go
on with the regular order of business. I have
no objection to the Senator making his speech
at any time ; but the railroad bill is now the
regular order, and I hope we shall go on
with it-
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the Senator from
Ohio/whether the railroad bill cannot be put
asi^ informally without losing its place, so
tMt the Senator from New Jersey can make
'his reply ?
/ Mr. SHERMAN. It is not at all necessary
to do that. The Senator from New Jersey
can submit his remarks on the railroad bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No; I will make
them on this bill.
_ Mr. CATTELL. I hope permission will be
given to my colleague to proceed. The some-
what unusual course of making an argument
upon the reference of a bill has been taken to-
day, and as the State which I in part represent
is directly interested, I trust that my colleague
will have an opportunity to reply now.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 certainly have no dis-
position to prevent his replying now, if it can
be done by unanimous consent informally
without displacing the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business can be passed over informally
by^ unanimous consent. Does any Senator
object?
Mr. GRIMES. I object, because I think the
bill now under consideration is of a gteat deal
more public importance than the one which
comes up as the unfinished business. There-
fore I am ready to vote to continue the consid-
eration of the bill now before us.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
unfinished business being laid aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
objected to, and it can only be done by a mo-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to lay aside the
pending order and all prior orders with a view
to continue the consideration of the bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SHERMAN, Let us understand each
other. The Senator from Iowa now states dis-
tinctly that he makes this motion in hostility
to the pending bill for the charter of railroad
companies, i have no objection to its being
laid aside informally so as to enable the Sen-
ator from New Jersey to reply to the Senator
from Indiana ; but, as a matter of course, the
postponement of the bill at this time for any
purpose of that kind is its defeat. I trust,,
therefore, that it will not be postponed for any
su«h purpose. If it is done it is a substantial
defeat of the bill for this session. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
^Mr. SUMNER. _ Before the vote is taken, I
wish to appeal again to the Senator from Ohio
to^ allow the unfinished business to be laid
aside informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
objection in the world to that. I have indicated
my willingness to lay it aside informally, but
the Senator from Iowa is not willing that it
should be done.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ques-
tion has been settled.
_ Mr. GRIMES. I wish to say that the objec-
tion I have to allowing it to be laid aside in-
formally is simply because it gives the Senator
irom Ohio entire control of the legislation and
action of this body during the day. If we lay
it aside informally to allow one Senator to
speak, then it is at his option whether it shall
be laid aside for another Senator. I object to
that kind of proceeding. I want the Senator
from New Jersey to have an opportunity to be
heard, and then lot everybody have a chance
to bring up his business as well as the Senator
