266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
■Resumption of Specie Payments—Mr. Cornell.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
and to elevate man, finding themselves pos-
sessed of but little gold and silver, were under
the necessity of agreeing upon something
which should represent them in the form of
paper currency. And from that time till this
such currency has been.in use, attended, it is
true, with certain disadvantages in the form of
losses arising principally froni the' want of
proper security, but such disadvantages being
greatly overbalanced by the conveniences and
benefits which it has always conferred. In
accounting for the unexampled prosperity
which has attended us in" the past, this feet
has too frequently escaped us. To paper cur-
rency as a means of exchange are we greatly
indebted. Withputit your great West had re-
mained a wilderness till this day, and your arts
and'sciences been far behind their present at-
tainments. Instead of being the first, we should
probably be the third or the fourth among the
nations of the world.
But I have said such currency has been
attended with disadvantages. It has been fluc-
tuating. The want of some system which se-
cures the biliholder has been felt by all, and
gradually for years have we sought to attain this
end. "We have made many and great improve-
ments, but wehavenotyetarrived at perfection.
"Necessity," it is said, "is the mother of inven-
tion.-' So it proved to be in this regard during
the recent war. As that war progressed we were
absolutely forced to invent some system which
should be as sound and enduring as our national
life, and the management of which should be left
with the people, where it properly belongs.
Such system was finally discovered and is now
embodiedin our national currency act. Nothing
superior to it, nothing equal to it, exists in any
other nation. And yet with all its excellencies
it'hassonie defects, as we well know. It ought
and can be so amended as to answer fully the
end for which it was designed. As it now
stands it does not go far enough to secure to
the biliholder one hundred cents to the dollar.
And this is no trivial defect, for the value of a
national bank bill should be the same in all
parts of the country. In other words, the bank
issuing the bill and not the biliholder should
pay the cost of its redemption. But how, it is
asked, can this be accomplished? For my
own part I should accomplish it in the follow-
ing manner, provided no better method can be
proposed :
So amend the national bank act as that the
banks can make their bills par and at the same
time benefit their interest account. For ex-
ample, authorize and direct the national banks
of each State to ei-tiiblibh jointly and in pro-
portion to their respective capital a clearing-
house, which shall be located at the money
center of the State, and the management of
which shall be in their own hands; to deposit
in such clearing-house one half of their re-
serve, as required bytheact, theotherhalf to be
retained in the form of gold at the bank itself;
to keep here their deposits after the manner of
those banks designated as " corresponding
banks," the clearing-house to loan money on
call only and only upon Government security ;
to pay the cost of redemption of bills belong-
ing to all national banks located in their respect-
ive States : to defray the expense of such re-
demption as also of their own management
siat of the interest received on loans, and the
balance, if any, to be distributed among the
seveial banks of the State in proportion to their
several amounts of reserve and deposit. Thus
the biliholder would be protected against dis-
count, each bank being obliged to receive the
bills of all the others, with the right to return
them to the clearing-house whenever they
might wish. This would be one step in the right
direction, but I should recommend another.
The nation itself, like the States of which it
is composed, has its financial and commercial
center. At this point authorize and direct in
like manner the establishment of a general or
national clearing house, which shall be under
the joint direction and control of all the na-
tional banks of the several States; the State
clearing-houses to keep here one half their
average deposits; all loans to be made in the
manner already indicated, and in no case to
exceed one half the deposits ; the accruing in-
terest to be employed in defraying the expense
of conducting the institution and in the re-
demption of bills as between itself and the
State clearing-houses; these latter to receive
their proportionate share of the profits, and in
turn to distribute in like manner among the
several banks in their respective States. By
this or some similar modification of the act
bills would be at par in all sections of the
country, redemption would be greatly facil-
itated, and town and city banks would be on
the same footing, the former receiving, as in
justice they ought, a small per cent, on de-
posits. The difficulties and losses which would
thus be obviated must be patent to every mind.
But this is only a brief and imperfect outline,
the details of which I will not stop to unfold.
And now, sir, a few words on the all-absorb-
ing question of specie payments. I approach
it with a degree of hesitation, because it is a
vital question, and because in the opinions I
may advance I shall be compelled to differ from
the majority of those who have so ably ad-
dressed the House. Unlike them I have no
definite system of legislation to submit which
contemplates a return to the specie basis within
a giv?n period, and for the simple reason that
I believe no such system can be safely adopted
as the policy of the Government. The end we
seek is not attainable in that way. However
elaborate such system may be, however near or
distant the day fixed upon by it for resumption,
the country, when the period arrives, would be
substantially where it was at the outset. Some
have proposed their favorite systems of gradual
contraction, asserting that resumption is im-
possible until the volume of currency now afloat
is in great measure withdrawn. In some re-
spects the theory is plausible, but in others it is
daugerous in the extreme. To my own mind
there appears no method more direct of in-
ducing a financial paralysis from which it would
require years to recover. There are others,
too, who have seriously proposed the very op-
posite of this as the wisest course to pursue.
They would have the currency expanded, and
for the same purpose. Certainly one or the other
of these systems is essentially false, and with
all deference to the judgment of their respective
advocates I think they are both false.
Why, sir, two years have not yet elapsed
since an effort was made by the Secretary of
the Treasury to realize the advantages of cau-
tious and gradual contraction. The lesson
which experience then taught us ought not to
be forgotten now. Our circumstances at that
time, in so far as they differed from the pres-
ent, were such as to favor the experiment. But
what was the result? Some thirty-five or forty
millions of the currency were quietly withdrawn
before the people were fairly conscious of the
nature of the movement; but no sooner did
the active business of the fall require an in-
creased amount of the circulating medium than
it was suddenly discovered that the amount in
the country was inadequate to our business
wants. Then followed a condition of feverish
excitement,. Fear and distrust prevailed every-
where, and but for the timely interposition of
the Secretary directing the immediate suspen-
sion of his previous order we should have wit-
nessed universal panic. Such an issue some
of us ventured to predict at the time, but we
were spared the calamity which seemed inev-
itably to threaten us only because the experi-
ment was abandoned. The designation of any
particular day in the future on which the Gov-
ernment by legislative enactment shall commit
itself to resumption, meantime contracting the
currency, must, as it seems to me, be attended
with incalculable embarrassment, and possibly
disaster to the business interests of the countrv.
It has been asserted by some that early re-
sumption would seriously affect the values of
all American products and manufactures. It
seems to have been overlooked that such values
are regulated by the law of supply and demand,
and not so much by the price of gold. Noth-
ing, therefore, is more surprising than the ap-
parent desire of the West to defer resumption
on this ground. ' We have passed through a
war of unparalleled magnitude, which con-
sumed the productions of the country as fast
as they could be furnished. That war sum-
moned from the active persuits of industry a
million men. They ceased to produce, but
continued to consume, requiring food and rai-
ment as before, and in addition to these, un-
limited material for the destructive purposes
of war. When after four years the contest
ceased we found the country in an abnormal
condition. The natural working of the great
law of supply and demand had been disturbed,
and has remained so until now. Time alone
can restore it, and year by year is that change
gradually coming about. Sooner or later the
supply of all staple articles will be in excess
of the demand, and when that time comes
prices must fall. Increase the price of gold if
you will, but it cannot avail you, for when the
market is overstocked the unavoidable con-
sequence is decrease of values. Hence I say
the West is laboring under a great mistake.
It is permitting the opportunity to resume on
high prices to pass away. Farmers, we are
told, are hoarding their crops. This they may
do for a time, but eventually they will be
obliged to sell, and in all probability at great
sacrifice.
In proof of the statement that values con-
form to supply and demand and not to the
price of gold it is only necessary to refer to
facts in our own experience familiar to all.
Who has not seen wheat and flour lower with
gold at 285 than when it had fallen to 135, and
coal quoted at seven dollars a ton with gold at
285 and at eleven dollars a ton when gold stood
at 135? Nor are these isolated cases. Take
the general course of trade and you find the
same facts existing in all its departments. The
idea, therefore, that resumption will so vitally
affect values is entirely without foundation.
Another objection frequently urged against
resumption is our bonds now held in Europe.
How, it is asked, can we provide for them ?
Were this the only obstacle in our way I should
conclude we had reached resumption now.
We are told that these bonds will be sent home
and we have not the gold to redeem them.
Those who urge this objection must have been
educated to pay their debts fifteen years before
they are due or it could have no force. Why,
sir, if our bonds should be sent home and there
should be no market for them there will be no
alternative but to recall andretain them till they
are due, when I have no doubt we shall be abun-
dantly prepared to redeem them, paying prin-
cipal and interest in gold. But who can rea-
sonably suppose that the European who has
taken our bonds at seventy-five cents will send
them home because they have advanced to
ninety or one hundred cents, when in that very
rise he finds the positive assurance that they
will advance to one hundred and ten cents? So
far from this, resumption would be followed
by such demand for our bonds as we have not
yet witnessed, and in this would we find one
of the means by *'hich resomption, when once
commenced, could be s icces-sfully continued.
On this point it seems to me many are over-
sensitive. They would have our bonds, so far
as possible, retained in our own country. This
theory I cannot indorse. To a certain extent
the greater the amount of our bonds held in
Europe the better, as in that case we have the
more ready money for the transaction of our
home business. Every investment in bonds
here, with the exception of those deposited for
the redemption of bank bills, locks up so much
money in the vaults of the Government for a
