1869;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOK
mm
twenty-four, to strike out the ■word "as" and
insert the word " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
line eighteen, to strike out the .tvord "the,1'
before "justice" and insert the word " a,"
and after the word " justice" to strike out the
words " or justices ; " in line thirty-one "to
strike out the words _" State or ;in line
thirty-two, after the word "District "to insert
" of Columbia in line thirty-throe to strike
out the word "county" and insert" Municipal
corporation in line fifty-eight to strike out
the word "town; '' and in line sixty-four to
strike out the words " or State."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line eight, after the word "fine" to insert
" at the discretion of the court; " in line nine
to strike out ■' less than one thousand dollars
nor;" in line ten to strike out the word
" less " and to insert " more; " in line eleven
to strike out the words "not more than—
years;" and in line twelve to strike,out the
word ''doable;" so that the section will
read:
That if any person shall willfully 3o or ca-tise to be
done an act or acts whatever whereby any building,
structure, or other work, or any engine, ea.r, or
machine, orotber property appertaining to said rail-
road shall be injured, impaired, or destroyed, or
stopped, the person or persons so offending shall he
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on_ conviction thereof
by any court of competent jurisdiction shall be pun-
ished by a fine at the discretion of the eottrt, of not
more than 85,000, or by imprisonment of not more
than two years or both, at the discretion of the court,
and also forfeit and pay to the said company, its
successors and assigns, the amount of damages sus-
tained by means of such offenses, to be recovered by
said company with costs ofsuit by any action of debt
or case.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as addi-
tional sections the following:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That Congress
shall have the right to regulate the rate of fares col-
lected hy said company from passengers and the rata
of charges for transporting freight; andall property
owned by said company shall be subject to taxation
by the proper municipal authority.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, Thatthisact may
be at any time amended or repealed „
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. . If no fur-
ther amendment be proposed tbe bill will be
reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I hope tlie bill will not
be reported to the Senate, and I hope the Sen-
ator from Iowa will not insist upon its being
acted upon to-night. I do not think there is a
quorum here; and I think that, with an under-
standing of the bill, the Senate would hesitate
a little at least. I do not wish to discuss it.
If I call attention to one point perhaps I shall
justify sufficiently the remarks I make. It
does not provide, in so many words for trans-
planting this depot down here, into which one
railroad eoroes and into which all the other
roads are likely to come ; but in effect it does
provide for a change of the depot into some
other part of the city, and then tbe establish-
ment. of another grand junction depot over in
Georgetown.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a good thing.
Mr. CONKLING. It may beagood thing,
and it may be a specially good thing for those
who own city lots over at those points where
the depots are to be transplanted. That is
very likely; and it may not be a good thing.
It may be agood thing to provide that "it shall
be lawful," if they choose to do it, to borrow
$500,000 and issue bonds therefor, bearing
interest not exceeding seven per cent., payable
semi-annually, and to mortgage as security
therefor all the corporate rights, franchises,
property, real and personal, of whatever kind
soever belonging to said company. It may be
a good thing to provide that when ten per
cent, has been paid on each share of stock in
lawful money they shall start under a Mi head
of steam and act just as they could if one hun-
dred cents on the dollar had been paid in. it
may be agood thing to have a variety of other
things which I sec provided in this bill in the
hasty look that I have given-it ? but I should
think before adopting a measure which seems
to be rather a drag net, sweeping & great deal
ih, we had better understand the nature of it.
W« had better do it when half the Senate at
least ia present.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
tne, I will move to lay the billon the table and
take up the constitutional amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope we shall not lay,
it on the table,' I should not have been sur-
prised ten years ago if some Senator from
South Carolina had risen and made the objec-
tions which the Senator from New York has
now made on this bill; but within'the last ten
years almost a century has passed in acts. .The
Senator seems to have forgotten that they have
in the State of New York a railroad law which
enables people to make a railroad just where
ever they please, under certain restrictions, on
paying in ten per cent, of the capital stock.
That is all these people ask.
We have a law something like that in Penn-
sylvania, but not quite so liberal as the law of
New York. This city, with a population of two
hundred thousand people, because of illiberal
legislation, has been kept from growing. There
would have been five hundred thousand people
here probably if it had been let alone, as the.
cities of New York are. The city of Rochester,
I believe, has a population of one hundred-and
fifty thousand now. It is not more than about
forty years old. Utiea has eighty or ninety
thousand, I believe, and it is not more than
twenty-five years since it began to grow. All
those cities have grown in consequence of the
the liberal legislation of New York.
But this city has been bound by the narrow-
sighted policy of the South. I do not know
these corporators, and I have no interest in
the bill at all; The Senate has been wise enough
to-night to pass a bill which enables the people
of the North to come into the city of Washing-
ton, which will bring down expenses here very
much and reduce the price of coal three dol-
lars per ton.
Mr. STEWART. My motion isnotdebatable.
Mr. CAMERON. Iknowitisnotdebatable.
I say that bill will reduce the price of every-
thing that the people here consume. These
persons Only ask now that they shall have the
right, if they can raise the money, to make a
railroad around the city of Washington, and
go up to Georgetown and cross the river there.
They will be enabled, as I understand, to pass
over the river at its narrowest point, nar-
rower than it is at any distance for fifty or
sixty miles above. We have the aqueduct there
now, and it is the only place-, probably, where
you can make the passage to the south from
the north. They do not ask for any compen-
sation.
Mr. STEWART. There is no use in dis-
cussing this bill, and I must insist on my point
of order. I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion ; and declared that the noes appeared to
I move that the Senate
have it.
Mr. RAMSEY.
adjourn.
Mr, STEWART. I -ask for a division on
my motion to lay the bill on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itismoved
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore; The ques-
tion now is on the motion to lay the bill on
the table.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 14 ; noquorum voting.
Mr. WHYTE. I in0Y  that the Senate
adjourn. , . ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate adjourn. Those in favor of
the motion will say "ay those opposed will
say "no." (Putting the question.) Iheayes
appear to have it; the ayes have it.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDENT-jwd tempore. - It is- to.o
latg. The Senate stands adjourned until-, to-
morrow at, twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.'
Monday, February 22, 1869.
The Hotise.met at twelve o'olockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. p. B. Boynton. '
The journal of (Saturday last was read and
approved.
order o? business.
TheSPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with .the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions to be referred to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back into the
House by motions to reconsider. Daring,this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in ordet.
INDEPENDENCE OF CUBA.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 461) recognizing the inde-
pendence of Cuba; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
COPYRIGHT WORKS FOR STATE LIBRARIES.
Mr. PRUYN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 462) directing the joint Committee
on the Library to inquire into the expediency
of requiring every person who may apply for
the copyright Gf any book, map, chart, print,
engraving, or other publication, to deposit a
copy of the same in the State library of the
State in which such person resides at tbe time
of making such application ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on tbe Library.
POST ROAD NORTH CAROLINA AND TENNESSEE.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1990) to establish a post road
from Waynesville, North Carolina, and Clifton,
Tennessee ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ABRAHAM JONES.
Mr. COR'LEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1991) to remove the political disabilities of
Abraham Jones, a citizen of Edgefield county,
South Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
ALABAMA INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. NORRIS presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Aiabapla,
instructing the Senators and Representatives in
Congress from that State to urge the passage
of a law allowing to that State, to be used in
interualimprovements, interest on $103,991 20
of the two and three per cent, funds, which
accrued between 1820 and 1831 and was im-
properly withheld from the State; which, with
accompanying papers, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
MAIL ROUTE ALABAMA AND MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. CALLIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1902) to provide for the establishment of a
mail route from Yellow Creek, in the State of
Alabama, to Serepta, in the State of Missis-
sippi; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
ALABAMA INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. PIERCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1993) donating a part of the public lands in
the State of Alabama to that State for the pur-
pose of aiding in its internal improvements;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
THOMAS GREEN DAVIDSON.
Mr. RYPHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1994) to remove the legal a-nd political disa-
bilities of Thomas Green Davidson, ox .Louis*
