1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Resumption of Specie Payments—Mr. Cornell.
Ho. of Eeps.
time, and thus removes it from the channels
of active trade. For my own part I see no
valid objection to Europe holding all the bonds
we can spare beyond those necessary to our
banking interests. Bat pay-day we are told
■will come, and how even then shall we meet
our obligations ? I answer, I have no fear of
the ability of the Government to meet its in-
debtedness. Americans, with their character-
istic energy, industry, and enterprise, might
almost earn with the money received from
European capitalists in exchange for bonds
means sufficient to cancel that indebtedness at
the proper time. Beneath the surface of our
soil and soliciting our acceptance is wealth
enough to meet these obligations at maturity.
And in contrast with all this is the condition
of Europe. Her coal and copper mines have
been worked for centuries, the various sources j
of her wealth are being rapidly exhausted, and J
it is no rash prediction that before the maturity j
of our bonds we may be called upon to supply ;
her workshops and firesides with coal. So, j
too, continued immigration to this country is
sadly affecting her industries, and must be felt
more aud more in years to come. As the legiti- j
mate result of all this the price of labor and ;
of all staple articles must increase in the East
and decrease in the West, until America at last ;
shall become the great workshop of the world. .
Sir, there is no limit to the power and resources |
of our people to accomplish in this respect 1
what they wisely undertake to do.
These bonds, I repeat, are ao obstacle to
resumption. Only let the Government make
public proclamation of its purpose to return j
at the earliest possible moment to specie pay- i
mentfa and the holder of an American bond, be j
he in London, Paris, or Frankfort, will cling j
to his treasure with a firmer grasp ; the doubts i
and fears which now exist as to our ability and j
disposition to redeem our pledges would then j
vanish, and our securities, as if by magic, rise j
to their true value in all the markets of the i
world. i
But the opponents of early resumption do j
not stop here. They present an array of ob-
jections whose combined force they believe it
difficult to overcome. They call upon us not
simply to provide for our foreign obligations,
but also for our legal tenders. The issue of
these notes was a necessity of the war, and in
all probability without an} clear, authoritative
sanction in the Constitution. But however
that may be, they were issued in good faith,
and for this reason if no other I hold that no
part of our debt is more sacred. On every
principle of justice and honor the Government
is now bouud 1'ailiifully to adhere to its pledge.
Sir, on this point I have deep convictions. Just
what might be my feelings had these notes been
issued under other circumstances and for an-
other purpose, I do not know, but issued in our
extremity and in defense of the nation s life
I cannot waver. These are "the people s
bonds,'' and the justice and validity of their
claim are sealed in blood. We have laid in
the grave half a million brave men. Thou-
sands upon thousands of them are buried
within sight of this Capitol. Their widows
and their orphan children are found in every
city and village and hamlet from ocean to
ocean. Desolate hearts and desolate hearth-
stones confront us wherever we go, and all
these- adjure us to fulfill our promises and pre-
serve untarnished our country's honor.
But these issues known as '' legal tenders,"
even admitting that they have no sanction m
the Constitution, might by judicious legislation
be the means of aiding us to resumption, anu
I shall be glad to know that the Supreme Court,
at whose bar the question of their constituiion
ality is now pending, shall suspend their decis-
ion until Congress and the country may be
prepared to receive it. To declare these notes
unconstitutional now would greatly add to the
embarrassments under which the country is
already laboring. In so far, however, as legal
tenders are related to the resumption of specie
payments they cannot be regarded as a serious
obstacle. Now held in the form of a forced
loan, the Government being professedly unable
in its present condition to redeem them, no
attempt to reestablish its faith, however un-
successful, could further depreciate them in
the estimation <jf the people. In a certain
sense they are already repudiated, and nothing
can raise them from their fallen state short of
immediate and positive assurance on the part
of the Government of its purpose to redeem
them without delay. It can be done, and I be-
lieve will be, according to the letter and spirit
of the contract.
As to the effect of resumption upon our na-
tional banks, many are needlessly alarmed.
Were a day fixed upon which to resume, these
banks would doubtless deem it prudent to car-
tail their loan accounts, and possibly to dispose
of some of their securities in order the more
effectually to encounter the change. In this
regard, however, they would but exercise upon
themselves a healthful influence. That a re-
turn to specie payments would seriously disturb
them I do not believe. It is to be remembered
that we have now a basis of bank circulation
radically different from that which formerly
\ characterized the State banks. Then our issues
, were corporate obligations, while now they are
both corporate and Government obligations,
and therefore known to be good. Hence there
is no necessity of returning bills to the banks
that may have issued them, except in case of
a surplus on hand. The only possible difficulty
is to have on hand the amount of currency that
] may be requisite to the business of the country,
and even here there can be no ground of ap-
prehension, inasmuch as after resumption a
national bank bill would be substantially as
good as gold for all the ordinary transactions
|i of business, the Government agreeing to pay
11 and becoming responsible for the payment of
i' gold.
[i Our national banks are a power for good in
i| our country. They are the very life of our
ii business, and it is highly proper that we nnder-
]■ take nothing that wilt tend to destroy or cripple
! | them. But I have yet to discover any possible
i | respect in which as the consequence of re-
■ I sumption they are likely to be endangered. So
|i far from this, I believe it was in our power to
,| resume six months after the close of the war.
! Never were the people so well prepared for it
|; as then, never will they be again. We owed
but little one to another, we conducted our
business for the most part on the cash princi-
'! pie. There was little commercial paper afloat,
!! and as if inviting us to resume, gold fell to 120.
I What prevented resumption then? One thing
! and one only: our great financial head had
| little confidence in the people and apparently
; none at all in the boundless resources of our
country. For his neglect at that time to avail
,| himself of the opportunity presented he can
| never make adequate apology, for the result
< of it has been not merely inestimable loss to
j! the people, but also humiliating disgrace to the
|! nation. We were ready for the issue. We were
ii imbued with the patriotic ardor that inspired us
1 during the war, and then more than ever be-
, cause victory was perched upon our banners,
■ ! and if required or encouraged so to do would
:i have presented to the world the sublime spec-
I* taele of a nation evincing while yet compara-
; tively in its infancy a degree of recuperative
■ energy which enabled it to return to a specie
basis on the very heels of a war which stands
I without a parallel in ancient or modern his-
i tory. Resumption could have been effected
then, and would have made American securities
; not only the most desirable in the market but
the wonder and admiration of the world. In-
stead of funding at a sacrifice our short obh-
I gations we should have saved twenty-five or
thirty per cent, to the people.
It is by no means easy to understand why
financial embarrassments resulting from war
should be more difficult to overcome than
those resulting from other causes. Such em-
barrassments, though of less magnitude, we
have frequently encountered as the result of
over-trading. The money market is disturbed
and suddenly tightens, confidence in business
circles is shaken, and failures are reported
from all sections of the country. For a time
all minds are agitated, many give up in de-
spair, and thousands-feel that they are hope-
lessly bankrupt. What course in such cases
do we pursue? We pursue the course of the
skillful physician, whose first aim is to dispel
fear and restore confidence to the mind of the
patient. In this consists half the cure. The
Government is now in the condition of an em-
barrassed corporation whose creditors have
lost in a degree their confidence in its integrity
and resources. Let that confidence, so far as
possible, be immediately restored. Let the
Government not merely acknowledge its obli-
gations, but evince its disposition to meet them
fairly aud justly. Such assurance would be
welcomed and appreciated by the people, and
would be met by that manly forbearance, that
generous sympathy, and earnest, faithful co-
operation for which all true Americans are
so justly celebrated.
But it is objected by our opponents that in
advocating immediate or early resumption we
are going contrary to all precedents. We are
reminded that both France and England failed
to resume for many years after their great
European wars. Particular reference has been
made to the condition of the English finances
during and succeeding the revolution of 1688,
aud to the depreciated condition of the English
currency subsequent to the general peace of
1815. But we are not informed by those who
would have us walk in the light of English pre-
cedent how much earlier by a different financial
policy England might have attained to that
secure position reached at last after long yeax-s
of anxious and painful solicitude. But, sir, I
am not disposed to compare the past experience
of England, much less lier financial policy,
with the present condition and resources ot our
own country. Even our fundamental princi-
ples of government are essentially different
from hers. Both France and Bnglaud are con-
trolled by the one-man and one-woman power,
while here we are free, and every citizen has
a voice in the affairs of the Government. Ihe
precedents of these nations are by no means
the embodiment of all wisdom, nor are we the
inferiors of our ancestors, that m all our difli-
culties we should submissively seek their coun-
sel. Besides, sir, we have already had quite-
enough of these precedents. Gladly would
England have witnessed our defeat in the late
war; most heartily wouM she have rejoiced
in the permanent dissolution of our glorious
Union. Not to her sympathy, counsel, or
encouragement are we indebted for the ulti-
mate triumph of our arms, but rather to the
justice of our cause, to the wisdom of our
own counsels, to the skill and courage of our
noble Army, and to the guidance and favor of
Him who presides over the destinies of nations.
Bat. sir, after all the elaborate theories,
speculations, and precedents that have been
advanced, resumption is nothing more nor less
than the will of the people. There is no other
principle or basis of action that will avail us.
The question to be determined is whether the
people desire to resume. If they do, it can be
done, and done quickly. But who is to be
benefited by non-resumption? Chiefly two
classes, the gold speculator and the importer.
The first of these we can afford to dispense
with, and the second we can certainly dispense
with for a time. In other words, it would be
for the interest of more than nine tenths ol the
people to resume without delay ; and such
would be their verdict should the issues bt-
fairly presented. And inasmuch as resumption
whenever reached mast b«- attained through
their will and cooperation let th« methods pro
