1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
from Ohio, after the Senator from New Jersey
shall have concluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want it distinctly under-
stood that the Senator from Iowa objects now
to hearing the Senator from Now Jersey on this
bill, a very ordinary courtesy which is commonly
granted. I have no more power over thematteri^ul prior orders for the purpose of continuing
rcise any power, the debate on the bill under consideration.
than anybody else ; Ido notexercise any power
I could object to the Senator from New Jersey
going on, but I do not choose to do it. The Sen-
ator from Iowa does ; and for the purpose of dis-
placing this bill and preventing any vote being
had at this session upon it, because that is the
effect as a hostile movement to the bill that is
pending and now the unfinished business, this
motion is made which will certainly prevent
the passage of the bill if it is agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I feel great anxiety for
the passage of the bill introduced by the Sen-
ator from Ohio ; but for that reason I prefer
that we should proceed with the question now
before the Senate. The decision upon the bill
introduced by the Senator from Indiana will
in a great measure affect the vote, in my esti-
mation, upon the bill presented by the Sena-
tor from Ohio. It is a question belonging to
it. If we do not act upon it now we shall have
the question about the interference with States
presented on every occasion with regard to the
great question, which is the greatest before us,
in my opinion, of extending railroads by this
Government. I am satisfied that we shall gain
time and do good to the passage of the bill in-
troduced on the subject of railroads by now
hearing the Senator from New Jersey, because
he will discuss the whole question ; and I take
it unless we do so we shall have this whole
question with regard to the rights of the States
and of the General Government to interfere
with passengers in the States brought before
us. I shall vote to allow the Senator from
New Jersey to be heard.
Mr. ANTHONY. I voted with the Senator
from Ohio yesterday to take up this bill, and I
desire to see it keep its place ; but, at the same
time, I wish to accommodate the Senator from
New Jersey. There is no difficulty at all in
reconciling this difference. Let the bill of the
Senator from Ohio remain the order of the day
as it is now. and let the Senator from New Jer-
sey reply to the Senator from Indiana upon
that bill. It is a cognate subject, and there is
no sort of impropriety in the speech being made
on that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
objection to that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the Senator from
New Jersey have the floor and discuss the sub-
ject on that bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire that the Senator
from New Jersey should have an opportunity
to reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Indiana ; but I do not want anything done by
common consent. I want a vote.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the point.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from New
Jersey has the door he has the right to reply
without anybody's consent.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir. It is now one
o'clock, and the unfinished business comes up,
superseding the bill on which he desires to
'^The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is before theSenaie, unless dis-
placed by motion or by common consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. And the Senator from
New Jersey has the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from New
Jersey can make his reply to the speech of the
Senator from Indiana with great propriety on
the bill now before the Senate, and therefore I
shall not vote to displace it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have only to
say that the remarks I have to make would
have been well nigh concluded had I been per-
mitted to go on. I do not propose at all to
discuss what is known as the air-line bid, but
carefully to avoid the discussion ot the ques-
tion whether Congress lias or has not the right
to chattel railroads in Stales, and also to avoid
the other question, whether, if it haothe right,
it is expedient to exercise it. Those questions
1 shall steer clear of, and confine myself, if
possible, to defending the treasury of the State
of New Jersey.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the order of the day and
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to remark that I
have great anxiety to listen fo my friend from
New Jersey. I feel that he has a right to he
heard now, but I am unwilling to displace the
regular order for that purpose. If it comes to
a vote I shall vote for the regular order.
Mr. CONKL1NG. 1 should be glad if the
Senator from New Jersey could have his con-
venience answered without the formality of a
vote upon the question now pending, or upon
any question. That seems, however, not to be
possible. The bill, which is the unfinished
business, presents questions which every mem-
ber of the Senate can see are special in their
relations to the Senators from New Jersey, and
the honorable Senator, who very naturally
wishes to reply to the animadversions of the
Senator from Indiana, avows an indisposition
to take part now in the discussion of the air-
line railroad bill, as it is called. He has his
reasons for that, and they are good, undoubt-
edly. Now, the question is whether ho shall
be prevented at this time from submitting the
remarks ho wishes to submit, or whether lie
shall be compelled to submit them by way of
discussion of a bill the discussion of which lie
frankly avows his desire to avoid. Thus it
seems to me that a very palpable question of
courtesy is presented to the Senate, because it
is practically whether this business shall be
laid aside by a vote or whether the Senator
from New Jersey shall be prevented altogether
in his purpose. He chooses, for reasons of
his own, not to debate the bill which is the
unfinished business. Then I feel constrained,
as a matter of courtesy, to vote that he have
the only remaining opportunity, and 1 shall
vole in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I intend, so far as I can,
to prevent the bill providing for railroad iacili-
ties from Washington being defeated on a ques-
tion of precedence. There is no man in this
Senate who would do more on a question ol
courtesy for the Senator from New ,J ersev than
I would. Now, the Senator from New jersey
can,-without displacing this bill at all, go on
and say all he desires to say on the bill of the
Senator from Indiana, because it is germane
to the identical question before the Senate.
The question of the power of taxation by a
State of a railroad is intimately connected with
this very subject of debate. Put if, under a
desire to give to the Senator from Now Jersey
an opportunity to make his reply Io the Sen-
ator fiom Indiana, an attempt is made to crowd
off this bill and prevent the action of the Sen-
ate on a question of such vital importance, then
it is no longer a question of courtesy.
Mr. STE WAR V. 1 suggest^ to die Senator
from Ohio that the very question of taxation
by the States is covered by his hill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; and the Sen-
ator from New Jersey can go on and discuss
that question now without the slightest objec-
tion. He says ho does not wish to discuss the
power of Congress to charter railroads. _ Very
well. But the question of taxation is in this
bill also, because the bill contains a provision
that the new company shall not be taxed by
the State of New J ersey except upon property
owned by it in that State, so that the very ques-
tion of the mode and manner and power to tax
by a State is in this bill. Therefore there is
no reason for postponing it. The Senatorfrom
New Jersey may very properly decline to dis-
cuss portions ot this bill, such as the question
of the power of Congress to build a railroad ;
but under the bill now before the Senate he can
j discuss the question of taxation as far as he
I desires. If the Senator should be allowed to
j make his speech on the bill of the Senator from
| Indiana, and then a vote should he taken on
1 the question of the reference of that bill, the
result would be that this railroad bill, which
after great labor I have called before the atten-
tion of the Senate, will be displaced ou a point
of etiquette. Certainly, the Senator from New
Jersey does notwish to place the friends of the
bill in that position. If he wishes to make his
remarks on this bill he can do so, and they will
be perfectly germane to it. But if this is a hos-
tile movement to the bill—and it is clearly so,
I think—it seems to me the Senate ought to
vote it down. No friend of the bill has objected
to the senator from New Jersey proceeding.
The Senator from Iowa does it clearly as an
antagonistic motion, availing himself of the
additional strength he can get on a question of
courtesy to defeat the bill. That is the pur-
pose. We are all advised now, and can vote
understandingly. Of course, he has a right to
do it.
Mr. CATTELL. I apprehend it is a ques-
tion of taste with my colleague whether he will
prefer to speak on the question before the Sen-
ate with the bill before it, or to address the
Senate on that subject with an entirely differ-
ent bill before the body. I understand from
him that lie has no disposition to press himself
upon the attention of the Senate at this time,
and especially as it has been resisted by the
friends of the other bill, and that therefore he
is willing to ask the Senate to listen to him in
the morning hour to-morrow, and if that shall
be the pleasure of the Senate it will be agree-
able to him.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Very well.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 suggest, to the Senatoi
from Ohio to postpone his bill for half an hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
objection to that, so that it is not postponed
generally to lose its place. The Senator from
Iowa made the motion.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I will ask the
Senate to allow me to-morrow morning in the
morning hour to make what *few remarks I
have to make.
The PRESIDENT pro icmpore. Is the
motion to postpone withdrawn?
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Now
Jersey prefers to speak to-morrow I withdraw
my motion. I wish to say, however, that the
Senator from Ohio has no authority for declar-
ing that the motion I made to postpone this
bill was an antagonistic or hostile motion. I
have given no expression on the floor of the.
Senate to any opinions I may entertain as to
the passage of this bill or the propriety of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator says it was
not, I will withdraw that remark with great
pleasure. I took it to be so.
Mr. GRIMES. When the proper time comes
I shall express what views I have on the sub-
ject; but I prefer doing it myself, and not per-
mitting the Senator from Ohio to become my
mouthpiece.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is the bill (S. No.
">3-1) to promote commerce among the States
and to cheapen the transportation of the mails
and military and naval stores.
SUt'PRAUK CONSTITUTIONAL AMr.NDMBVr.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the consent of the
Senator who has charge of that bill, I wish to
give notice that when the amendment to the
Constitution reported by the Committee oil the
Judiciary comes up for consideration I shall
propose, as a substitute for the new article they
offer, the following:
Congress shall havo power tonbolisli ormodifynny
restrictions upon the mht. to vote or hold office pre-
scribed by the constitution or laws oi any State.
I move that this proposed amendment be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
J1KSSA0K l'HO-U THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson.its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 721) to increase the pen-
sion of Amos Armstrong, who was wounded m
