1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 22,
iafia; which was read & first and second time,
and referred to the Oomtetittee'onfieeonstrad-
tion.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BLACKBURN introduced a bill (Hi R.
No. 1095) to relieve certain persons therein
named irom all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the" Constitution of the United States,
and to absolve them froth taking what is known
as the test-oath imposed and prescribed by the"
act of Congress of1862; which was read a first
and second lime,- referred to the Cot&mittee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
TENNESSEE POST ROAD.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1996) to establish a post road
in Tennessee ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 46<S) relating to soldiers' bounties;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
EQUALIZING BOUNTIES.
Mr. PILE submitted concurrent resolutions
of the Legislature of Missouri, urging the pas-
sage of a law by Congress equalizing the boun-
ties of soldiers; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs,and ordered to
be printed.
ST. CROIX AND SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, submitted
the memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin for the extension of the time for the
construction of a railroad from the St. Croix
river or lake to Superior and Bayfield, by the
Northern Wisconsin Railway Company, organ-
ized by an act of the Legislature of 18G9, and
for the continuance of the graut of lands to
the State of Wisconsin in aid thereof; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lauds.
OJtOYItXB AND VIRGINIA CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (II. 11.
No. J 097) granting the right of way and public
lands of the United States for the Oroville and
Virginia Cit.y railroad and telegraph lines, and
to provide for their construction ; which was
read a first and second lime, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
agricultural scrip.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 4(54) in regard to agriaul-
tural scrip; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
war claims of kansas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, submitted con-
current resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, memorializing Congress to
appoint commissioners to audit the claims of
citizens of Kansas for property destroyed or
taken away by Quantrell and other rebel raid-
ers into Kansas; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
COt'RT-IIOOSB at top15k4, etc.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also submitted a
concurrent resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, memorializing Congress to
make an appropiiation to build a court-house
and post office at Topeka, the capital of the
State, and a custom-house and post office at
the city of Leavenworth, Kansas ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
central bkancn pacific railroad.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also submitted a
concurrent resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, memorializing Congress to
grant a subsidy in money and bonds to the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific railroad and to the
St. Joseph and Denver City railroad, equal ill
amount per mile to that already granted the
Central Branch Union Pacific railway, to en-
able said roads to be extended to some point
or points on the Union Pacific railroad at or
near Fort Kearny, on the one hundredth me-
ridian of west longitude ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
post roads in montana.
Mr- CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (Bt-
R. No. 1998) to establish certain post roads in
the Territory of Montana ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
FINANCE AND CURRENCY.
' Mr. TIPT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1999) to amend the laws relating to banking,
to regulate the currency, to provide a sinking
fund for the payment of the public debt, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Arkansas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2000) to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political
disabilities- imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
bills and joint resolutions having been con-
cluded, the next business in order is the call
of the States for resolutions, commencing with
the State of Indiana, where the call rested on
last Monday.
memphis, el paso, and pacific railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
joint resolution (II. R. No. 465) granting the
right of way to the Memphis, El Paso and
Pacific Railroad Company from El Paso to the
Pacific ocean; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution declares the Memphis,
El Paso, and Pacific Railroad Company, in-
corporated and subsisting under the laws of
Texas prior to the year 1801, for the purpose
of constructing and operating a railroad irom
Jefferson, Texas, to Moore's Landing, on the
Sulphur fork of Red river, thence through ot
near Clarksville, Paris, and Phantom Hills, to
the Iiio Grande river, opposite or near the
town of El Paso, in the republic of Mexico,
to be a corporation, with full powers uuder the
laws of the United States of America, as well
as the laws of Texas; and grants the right of
way to said company to construct its roa3 over
the public lands of the United States from or
near said town of El Paso to the Pacific coast,
at or near San Diego harbor, by such direct
route as in the opinion of such company shall
be the most practical. It further provides that
the company, in constructing its road over the
public land,, as well as private lands, and in
building its bridges over rivers and water
courses from the east bank of the Rio Grande
river, shall in all respects be controlled and
governed by section two of an act of Con-
gress approved July 1, 1862, for aiding in the
construction of a railroad from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and by sections three
and nine of an act amendatory to said act, ap-
proved July 2, 1864, except as to private prop-
erty in the State of California, it shall be gov-
erned by the laws of sueh State, provided that
nothing herein contained shall be construed to
grant to said company any subsidy or lands
other than the right of way above provided for ;
that said road is further declared to be a mili-
tary and post road.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Does not this bill take
private property in California?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that, as it is not a parliamentary question.
Mr. JULIAN. This is the same proposition
offered by me the other day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This
seems to be a serious matter, and I hope the
previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hopeitwill be seconded.
Give to the southern portion of the country
the privilege at least of building a road.
Mr. PAPNSWORTH. I hope we will not
pass a Pacific railroad billjn this way.
The previous question was seconded—ayss
85, noes 38.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRUYN.' Allow me to suggest an
amendmentof a few words, which will obviate
objections.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. PRUYN. I only "want to reserve the
right to alter, amend, or repeal this charter.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to
that.
The quest-ion was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 44, not
voting 56; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, Axtcll, Baker, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Blackburn,Blair,Boyden,Broinwell, Broom-
all, Buckland, Buckley, Benjamin E. Butler, Roder-
ick R. Butler,Cake, Callis, Reader W.Clarke,Sidney
Clarke, Clift, Corley, Dawes, Deweese, Dockery, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Echley., Eggleston, Eldndge,- James
T.Eiliott, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield. Gotz, Gloss-
brenner, Golladay, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Griswold,
Grover, Ilaugbey, Hawkins, Heaton, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Jenekes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones. Julian, Kel-
ley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Lnsh,
£ oughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick,McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead,Morrell,M"ullins, Myers, Neweom b, New-
sham,Nicholson,Norris,Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Pierce,
Pike, Plants, Polnnd^ Pomoroy, Prince, Pruyn,
Raum, Robertson, Robinson, Roots, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather, Stokes, Stover,
Taber, Taylor, Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Aernum,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trnmp, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemorc,
William Williams, John T. Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge. and Woodward—122.
NAYS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Baldwin. Bea-
man, Boatty, Boutweli, Boyor, Brooks, Burr, Cary,
Chanlcr, Cobb, Cook, Cornell, Cullom, Dickcy, Ela,
Thomas D. Eliot, Earnsworth, Eo?c, Haight, Ham-
ilton, Harding, Holman, Hulburd, Humphrey, Judd,
Ketcham, Lafiin, George V. Lawrcnce, William
Lawrence, Niblack, Paine, Perliam, Pettis, Price,
Ross, Sawyer, Shellabarger, Stone. Taffc, Upson,
Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn, and James E. Wil-
son—4-i,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Bailey, Barnes, Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Boles,
Bowen, Churchill, Coburn. Covode, Delano, Dixon,
Dodsrc, Edwards, Erench, Halsey, Higby, Asabel W.
Hubb.ird, Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Marshall,
MeCullough, Morrissey, Mungen, Peters. Phelps,
Pile, Polsiey, Randall, Selye, Sitgreavee, Spalding,
Stevens, Stewart, Sypher, Thomas, Tift, John Trim-
ble, Lawrence S. Trimble, VanAuken, Bart Van
Horn, Vnn Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B.. Washburne,
Thomas Williams, Stephen E, Wilson, Wood, apd
Young—5(5,
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. LOUGrHRIDGE moved that the joint
resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. WARD and Mr. BENJAMIN called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 34, nays 127,. not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman,
Bcatty, Boutweli, Brooks, Cary, Chanler, Cobb, Cook,
Cornell, Dickey, Thomas D.Eliot, Enrnsworth, Fox,
Haiffht, Harding, Humphrey, Jehcko%Xaflin.Georgo
V. Lawrence, Loughridge, Paine, Perham, Pettis,
Poland, Ross,Schenck,Stone,TJpson, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, and James E.Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Beck,
Benjamin, Blackburn, Blair, Boyden, Broinwell,
Buckland, Buckley, Roderick R.Butler, Cake, Callis,
Reader W. Clarke,Sidney Clarke, Clift, Coburn,Cor-
ley, Dawes, Deweese. Dockery, Donnelly, Eckley,
Ela, Eldridge, James T. Elliott, Ferriss, Eerry.Eialds,
French, Garfield, Getz, Glossbreniier. Golladav. Goss,
Gove. Gravely, Griswold, Grover, Halsey, Hamil-
ton, Haughey, Hawkins, Heaton, Higby, Hill, Hol-
man, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz, Lash, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard,
MeCormick, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
Morrell, Mullins, Mungen., Myers, Newsham,
Niblack, Nicholson, j&orris, O'Neill, Ortb, Pierce,
Pike, Plants, Price, Prince, Raum, Robertson, Rob-
liison, Boots, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger,
brnith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokos, Stover, Taber,
lay lor,Thomas, Tift, Trowbridge, Twichell, Van Aer-
