268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Senate.
Representative Reform—Report.
40th Cons. ... 3d Sess.
posed for its accomplishment be such as the
masses can comprehend and appreciate. It is
in vain that you attempt anything without their
sanction. They hold, and justly hold, the bal-
ance of power in this country. There is no
class to whom we are so highly indebted or
who are more entitled to our respect and grat-
itude than those we denominate the " common
people." Itis they who have dug our canals and
buil t our railroads, clearetl-eur forests and fought
our battles, and, in a word, made us the'great
nation we are to-day. It is with their approval
and by their assistance we must resume; and
hence the plainest and most direct way to the
object we have in view is to frame our plans
with practical simplicity, and thus secure their
confidence and support. To this end I would
have the Secretary of the Treasury, having
fixed upon a time to resume, issue to "the
people of the United States," at least three
months before the time shall arrive, a circular
apprising them of his purpose and requesting
their earnest and immediate cooperation in the
work; this circular, by a system of congres-
sional distribution to be placed in the hands
of every citizen, and also to be published in
every newspaper throughout the length and
breadth of the land. I would also recommend
the issue of a circular to the national banks
requesting them to make all necessary prepa-
ration to resume at the time specified.
A movement such as this would have a
tendency to facilitate resumption by making
it popular. It will be remembered that when
it became necessary to dispose rapidly of our
bonds it was deemed prudent to take this
course, and the result more than justified our
expectations. No sooner were the circulars
issued and the aid of the press called into
requisition than the people came forward en
masse, and invested in bonds. For the success
of this plan Jay Cooke & Co. received the
credit as also the pay, while the work might
have been done with equal success by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and without expense to
the people. It is necessary, however, that in
J a matter of this nature the Secretary be a man
in whom the people have implicit confidence.
Ho must be earnest and enthusiastic in the
work. With all due respect to the present
incumbent of that office, he has failed thus far
to resume, and with his term of office almost
expired has now no time to accomplish the
work. But further, having notified the people
and secured their cooperation, let Congress, if
it be deemed expedient, prohibit by severe
penalty the sale of gold at a fictitious value.
Next authorize a loan of $200,600,000 of
five-thirty six per cent, bonds, payable princi-
pal and interest in Europe, and to be employed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, under proper
limitations and restrictions, in the redemption
of the legal tenders within the ensuing two
years. 1 propose that the rate of interest shall
be six per cent., because the loan to be taken
at once must be made attractive, and because
it will be found more prudent and economical
to pay six per cent, for five years than eight
per cent for thirty yeai'S.
The next step I should propose would be to
create on or before the day designated for re-
sumption $600,000,000 of gold or its equiva-
lent, by making legal tenders receivable for all
duties on imports except goods then in bond,
and for all Government debts except interest
on the gold certificates and bonded debt; and,
furthermore, to be employed in the redemption
of national bank bills for the period of three
months from the date of resumption. At the
expiration of three months fifteen per cent, of
all these payments to be made in gold and the
balance in legal tenders, and so increasing fif-
teen per cent, every three months m the gold
payment till we come at last to the full pay-
ment in gold. In entering upon resumption
we should thus have, in addition to the gold
now on hand, the $200,000,000 realized from
the sale of bonds, and aiso the legal tenders.
This would serve to destroy the premium on
gold, and by this means the legal tenders, as
already intimated, pould contribute to the end
in view.
But in order to reduce importations, and
thereby diminish our foreign obligations, I
should increase the tariff, say twenty per cent.,
for the term of one year, to take effect on the
day of resumption.
Furthermore, in order to provide for the de-
ficiency in circulation arising from the hoard-
ing of legal tenders, lam of opinion it would be
good policy to increase the national bank cir-
culation $50,000,000 on the day resumption
begins, and increase it afterward in propor-
tion as the legal tenders are redeemed and de-
stroyed by the two hundred million loan. When
resumption is successfully established the na-
tional bank act should be made free to all.
I am further of opinion that there should be
created a twenty-fifty year loan at four per cent,
of $2,000,000,000,principal and interest payable
in gold, and exempt from Government, State,
and municipal tax. A loan of this nature would
absorb a large proportion of ourpresent bonded
debt, and greatly facilitate the establishment of
new national banks.
And now a single word in regard to the
funding of this bonded debt. It seems to be
ignored by some that these bonds were volun-
tarily taken by the people, and at a time when,
to say the laast, it was extremely uncertain
whether principal or interest would ever be
returned. And yet such was the confidence
of the people in the integrity and stability of
the Government, and such their determina-
tion to preserve the Union, that they did not
hesitate to make the investment. And, sir,
after all this, again and again have they been
reproachfully denominated the "bloated bond-
holders," and all manner of propositions sub-
mitted to the House to compel the premature
return to the Government of'these very bonds.
Such compulsion, in whatever form presented,
is repudiation, and repudiation in any form
would be disgraceful to the Government.
Sir, while I deplore the present unsettled
condition of our finances, I find it difficult to
avoid the conviction that in great measure it
is without excuse. We might and ought to
have reached a specie basis long ago. We
shall prove recreant to our trust if we longer
delay. Thus far the people have evinced their
characteristic patience, but the time has now
come when patience ceases to be a virtue. The
presidential contest is over; the work of re-
construction is almost complete; conflict is
about to cease and harmony be restored in all
the departments of the Government; the vic-
torious commander of our Army, who has
never known defeat or failure, is about to take
his seat in the presidential chair, and all that
now remains is for us, the Representatives of
the people, to prove faithful to the important
trust they have committed to our care.
Representative Reform.
REPORT
from the select committee on repre-
sentative reform,
Ik the Senate or the United States,
March 2, 1869.
(To accompany bill S. No. 772.)
Mr. BUCKALEW, from the select Commit-
tee on Representative Reform, submitted the
following report:
The bill referred to the committee, and now
reported by them, presents a question which
deserves deliberate examination both because
it is important and because it is new. It pro-
poses to secure fair and complete representa-
tion to every important political interest in the
country ; to strike an effectual blow at corrup-
tion in popular elections; to secure more of
harmony and contentment than now exists
among the people, and to improve the composi-
tion of the popular branch of Congress by facil-
itating the introduction and continuance of men
of ability and merit in that body. That these
results may to a great extent be secured by
it is by the friends of the measure most posi-
tively affirmed. If the claim made by them on
its behalf be substantially true or true to any
considerable extent, and the plan be capable
of convenient application, it will merit strong
commendation and prompt adoption.
the plan.
Representatives being assigned to a State
under the constitutional rule of distribution,
each elector in the State shall possess as many
votes as there are Representatives to be chosen.
He shall possess his due and equal share of
electoral power as a member of the political
body or State. Thus far we deal with familiar
ideas- which have heretofore obtained. It is
next proposed that the elector shall exercise
his right of suffrage according to his own judg-
ment and discretion, and without compulsion
of law. He shall bestow or distribute his votes
upon or among candidates with entire freedom,
and shall be relieved from that legal constraint
to which he has been heretofore subjected. He
may select his candidate or candidates any where
within the limit of his State from among all its
qualified citizens, and he may exert his polit-
ical power upon the general representation of
his State instead of the representation of a par-
ticular district within it. Here is unquestion-
ably a large and valuable extension of privi-
lege to the citizen, a withdrawal from him of
inconvenient and odious restraint, and a more
complete application of that principle of self-
government upon which our political institu-
tions are founded. And what is material for
consideration is, that while all the advantages
of a plan of election by general ticket are
secured, all its inconveniences and evils are
avoided.
FORMER PLANS—THEIR IMPERFECTIONS.
Formerly when elections of Representatives
in Congress were had by general ticket a great
inconvenience resulted which became at last
offensive and intolerable. For apolitical ma-
jority in a State, organized as a party and cast-
i ing its votes under a majority or plurality rule,
; secured in ordinary cases the entire represent-
j ation from the State, and the minority were
| wholly excluded from representation. To avoid
this inconvenience and evil which had become
general throughout the country Congress in-
terposed, and by statute required the States to
select their Representatives by single districts ;
that is, to divide their territory into districts,
each of which should elect one member. This
contrivance, dictated by congressional power,
ameliorated our electoral system, mitigated the
j evil of which general complaint had been made,
• and was an unquestionable advance in the art
' of government among us. But letainiug the
: majority or plurality rule for elections, and re-
j striding the power and free action of the elec-
! tor, it was imperfect in its design and has been
| unsatisfactory in practice. It has not secured
! fair representation of political interests, and it
has continued in existence in a somewhat miti-
gated form the evils of the plan of election by
general ticket which it superseded. Still one
body of organized electors in a district vote
down another, electoral corruption is not effec-
tually checked, and the general result is unfair
representation of political interests in the popu-
lar House of Congress. Besides, the single
district plan has called into existence incon-
veniences peculiar to itself and which did not
attach to the former plan.
It excludes from Congress men of ability
and merit whose election was possible before,
and thus exerts a baneful influence upon the
constitution of the House. Two causes operate
to this end. In the first place no man who ad-
heres to a minority party in any particular dis-
trict can be returned; and next, great rapidity
