1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■m
under the power to regulate commerce it is !
proposed to exercise a substantive and distinct
power—to enter upon the territory of a State,
to take its soil by the agency of corporations
without its consent., and then to regulate, as a
consequence, the trade and commerce thus
created; to create under the power to regulate,
and then to regulate the thing created under
the general power to regulate commerce. By
this means the incidental power is made of
primary importance, of the same character as
a specific grant, and possessing ail the ele-
ments of ati original, express power, with
implied and ancillary powers.
In the case of Gibbons against Ogdfin, in
9 Wheal oil's Reports, 19G, referred to by my
colleague. Judge Marshall, in delivering the
opinion of the Supreme Court, said:
"It is the power to regulate, that is, to prescribe the
rule by which commerce is to be governed."
Not the power to create commerce by build-
ing of ships, canals, and railroads, but to pre-
scribe rules and regulations by which com-
merce is to be governed, just as rules and
regulations are prescribed for the armies of
the United States. Why, Congress cannot
establish a ferry, whether it be between differ-
ent parts of the same State or between different
States. In the case of Conway and others
against Taylor's executors, in 1 Black's lie-
ports, the Supreme Court held that the power
to establish and regulate ferries is not included
in the power of the Federal Government to
"regulate commerce with foreign nations and
among the several States and with the Indian
tribes;" also "that the authority to regulate
ferries has never been claimed by the General
Government, has always been exercised by the
States, never by Congress, and is undoubtedly
a part of the immense mass of undelegated
powers reserved to the States respectively.''
So jealous were the States of their rights that
they insisted, as a measure of precaution, upon
the adoption of the ninth and tenth articles of
amendments to the Constitution : by the ninth,
that the enumeration in the Constitution of
certain rights shall not be construed to deny
or disparage others retained by the people,
and by the tenth article that the powers not
delegated to the United States by the Consti-
tution nor prohibited by it to the States are
reserved to the States respectively or to the
people. The Constitution speaks of the enu-
meration of certain rights, of a definite and
distinct enumeration, and then denies to the
General Government any other power. Noth-
ing can be clearer than that the intention of
the organic law is to guard against constructive
power, and to restrain the exercise of implied
powers to the natural and necessary execution
of the powers granted, and without which they
could not be used. But the power to regulate
commerce has no natural or legitimate con-
nection with the construction of railroads and
canals in and without the consent of the States.
The power was exercised of regulating com-
merce before railroads were known ; it was
fully exercised upon then existing objects; and
the power to constructrailroads as instruments
of commerce never entered into the concep-
tion of the framcrs of the Constitution. Mr.
Madison, one of the wisest of the Convention,
and whose interpretations of the Constitution
have always commanded the highest respect,
in a letter to Reynold Chapman in 18<J1, to
be found in the fourth volume of Madison's
Works, page 148, writes :
"It may be remarked that Mr. Hamilton, in his
report on the bank, when enlarging the range of con-
struction to the utmost of his ingenuity, admitted
that canals were beyond the sphere of Federal legis-
lation."
And on page 119 he adds :
"Perhaps I ought not to omit the remark that
although I concur m the delect of powers m Congress
on the subject ot internal improvements, my abstract
opiuiou has been that in tile case of canals particu-
laxly r.he power would have been piopeiij \ ested m
Congress.'' _ .
Eveu General Hamilton, in his most latitu-
diuarian coiusiruction ol the Constitution, did
not think that the general power to regulate
waa ejasjjg W fee mm% w
reach canals. In the Convention which framed
the Constitution it was thought by some that
canals would be greatly conducive to the ex-
tension of commerce; yet for feav that the
insertion of tbe power might be the means of
defeating the Constitution it was purposely
omitted.
The forty-second number of the Federalist,
written by Mr. Madison, in speaking of the
defect of power in the existing confederacy to
regulate commerce between its several mem-
bers. and of the proposed authority to do it in
the Constitution, said:
"A very material object of this power was the
relief of the States which import and export through
other States lrom the improper contributions levied
on theui by the latter. Were thoe at libei ty to reg-
ulate the trade between State ami ktate, it must be
foreseen that ways would be found out to load the
articles of import and export, duimg the passage
through their jurisdiction, with duties which would
fall on the makers of the latter and the consumers of
the former."
It will be seen that the commerce spoken of
is that between the States, not in the States.
Congress has not and never has claimed the
power to interfere with commerce between dil- I
ferent sections of the same State. This is vir- !
tually, if not expressly, conceded by the Senator
from Ohio. It is only when trade is about
passing from one State to another and through
it that the power of Congress to regulate it is
brought into action. It arises only and springs
out of the extension of commerce from one to
another State. From the quotation from the
Federalist, it will be discovered that the regu-
lation of trade spoken of is to prevent im-
proper contributionsanil exorbitant duties from
being laid on goods carried from one to another
Stale. As Congress was to be invested with ,
the legulation of foreign commerce, and as the 1
products of foreign countries would have to be
exported from the cities on the sea-board to
other States for consumption, it was proper
that the power should be given to prevent im-
position of high duties oil goods sent to States
and Territories remote from sea-ports a,nd navi-
gation. There was no other motive, no other
reason, no other necessity for investing Con-
gress with this power over commerce between
the States ; and we are not now, because of
alleged inconveniences or advantages, to inter-
polate the Constitution or to stretch it to em-
brace powers which were never designed to be
conferred.
But what is it to be regulated ? Mr. Madison,
in a letter to Professor Davis, and to be found
in the works of the former, says : j
"Ifin citing the Constitution tho word trade was put ;
ia the place ot 'commerce,' the word 'foreign' made (
it synonymous with commerce. Trade and commerce .
are, in tact, used indiscriminately both in books and ]
in conversation." S
The regulation of trade is by duties and ;
restraints, so as to encourage it between the
States ; not by building factories and engaging
in manufacturing; not by constructing railroads i
and canals within the territory of States with- j
out their agency or consent, to take the lands j
of their people and pass them into the hands i
of strange corporations, which the Senator |
from Ohio admits act for their own interest, j
If railroads can be made through a State with- |
out its permission may not canals also be dug j
by the same authority ? They are more appro- |
priate instruments of commerce than rail-
roads ; they can transport articles of great bulk
and value with more advantage. If there is ,
not constitutional power to construct a canal,
1 there can be none to make a railroad.^ Mr. ,
Madison, the great expounder of the Consti- >
tution. in a letter to Edward Livingston m 1824, j
wrote: t i
"Mv impression with respect to the authority to |
make them (canals) may be the stronger perhaps (as ;
I had occasion to remaik a3 to the bank on its on- ;
ginal di&euwon) from my recollection that he au- ,
thonty had been rept atedly proposed in the Com en i
tion and negatived, either as improper to be yestea ,
in Congress, or as a power nut likely to be j ie dfcd by .
the States." * j
And in a letter to Martin VanBuren in 182G, |
upon the same subject, he writes: :
"If it be thought best to make a constitutional j
grass «? yw WS *8 ivseu I
or made so by the moral certainty that it wiU be
constructively assumed with the sanction of tho na-
tional will and operate as an injurious precedent,
tbe amendment cannot say less than that' Congress
may make roads and canals with sueii jurisdiction as
tlic oases may require.'"
It thus appears that not only Mr. Madison
was decidedly of opiuiou that, no such povver
existed as to make canals, but that the subject
was iulroduced into the Convention and dis-
cussed but always rejected, principally because
it was deemed a power of such vast magnitude
that the States would not ratify the Constitu-
tion if it was incorporated in it.
The honorable Senator from Ohio stated that
the power of regulating commerce between the
States had been exercised in the Wheeling
bridge case.1 The acts of the Virginia Legis-
lature, which authorized the construction of
that bridge, provided that if it obstructed the
navigation of the Ohio river it should be deemed
a nuisance ; and in the compact between Vir-
ginia and Kentucky, which was sanctioned by
Congress, it was expressly stated that the use
and navigation of the river Ohio, so far as
the territory of Virginia or Kentucky was con-
cerned, should be free and common to the citi-
zens of the United States. The bridge inter-
fered with the free navigation of the river: aud
as steam vessels from Pennsylvania, in their
intercourse with other States, were interrupted
in their voyages by the bridge, the Supreme
Court decided accordingly. But there is noth-
ing in the case which recognizes any power in
the General Government to construct works of
internal improvement in the States. The case
of the State of Maryland against McCullough,
to be found reported in 4 Wlieaton, only decided
that the Bank of the United States had a right
to establish a brunch in Maryland, and that the
Legislature of the State had no right to tax
the branch thus established. The bank was cre-
ated as a fiscal agent of the Government, and
as necessary to the collection and disbursement
of its revenues; and if a State had the right to
tax the agent of the Government it might tax
it out of existence. There is nothing in the
case alluded to which can give color to the
claim, set up by the Senator from Ohio, 011 the
pari of the Federal Government to construct
railroads through the States without their con-
sent.
The Senator from Ohio speaks of the city of
Washington as the capital of a great nation,
and that free access to it and egiess from it in
all directions should be secured to its citizens
and all who visit the seat of Government. I
agree with him in the importance of adequate
communication with this city, and that every
facility should be afforded to all whom busi-
ness or pleasure shall bring within its limits.
Those considerations are of high importance,
and there can be no doubt that if they do not
now exist to their full or desired extent, they
will, in a reasonable time, and without making
any strain upon or infraction of the Constitu-
tion by an invasion of the reserved rights of the
States. Any alleged inconvenience or length
of route or delay incident to all railroad trav-
eling only touch the question oi expediency,
and not that of constitutional right. However
desirable it may be to the citizens of Washing-
ton or to Congress or to visitors that other
means of intercourse may .be brought iffto
existence the constitutional difficulty remains,
and the implied constructive power of the Gov-
ernment can receive no legitimate aid from
such considerations. Formerly^tbe communi-
cation between Baltimore and Washington was
by stage aud wagon, a distance of forty miles.
The statesman of a former age did not com-
plain nor endeavor to extract au argument lor
political power from the inconvenience to which
they were subjected. Maryland is ot small ter-
ritorial extent, with less perhaps at the time
than half a million of population, an agricul-
tural State; with limited means, but witn a
generous and enterprising spirit, she embarked
nearly eight million dollars in the >vork winch
has secured to Washington a railroad and a
canal which afforded all the facilities aided by
enterprising compa i^ wjpsl fSSp'* 'Ml
