1869.
mil) 0®< ©LOB®.
M5
iv-y.rv, v T. vhb Horn, Henry 39. Waehborn,
JLl|!am W etker, Wbittemore, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, Windom, Woctfbrldge,
Woodward, and Young—127.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ames  Bailey,
Barnes, Baroum, Benton. Bingham, Blaine, Boles,
Boweo, Buyer, BrooraaU, Burr/Benjamin x. Butler
Churchill, Covode, Callom, Delano, Dixon, Dodge,
^riggs, BdwaTds, E^ieston ' Asahet W. Hubbard,
Ilicbard D. Hubbard, Jlulburd, Kerr, Eetcbam,
Loan, Logan, Lynch, Marshall; McCarthy, McCul-
lough.Mormsey, Newoomh, Muxm, Peters, Phelps,
John
Van Horn. Van Trump, Vaii 'Wye£ VrdaiT'BiiLu
M. Washburne, John X. Wilson* Stephen F, Wilson,
and Wood—61. - -
_ So the House refused tq lay the joint resolu-
tion on the table.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. FABN.S WORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 41. aot voting
80 j as follows ;,
TEAS—Messrs Allison,, AsdersoaJDelosR, Ashley,
James M. AsWey, Banks, Btrnuta, Beek, Benjamin,
Ben ton, Bt ackb u rn, Blair, Boy den, BromweH.Buck-
lacd, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. But-
ler, (Jake, Callis, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Clift, Coburn. Corley, Cullom, Dawes, Delano,
Deweese, Dockery, Donnelly, Driggs. Eckley, Ed-
wards.JamesT. Elliott, Ferries, Ferry. Fields, French,
<5etz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Goss, Gove, Griswold,
bard. Hunter, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd. Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Knott,
Koontz, Laflm, Lash, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
MaUory, Marvin, Maynard, MeCormick, MeKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, MuJIIns,
Mungen.Myer?, Newsham, Njblaek, Nicholson, N or-
ris, JTunn, 0*Heitt, Pettis, Pierce, Plants. Poland,
Price, Prince, Prayn, Itautn, Robertson, Jtobinson,
Boots, Scbenck, Shanks, Shellajbarger, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stokes. Stover, Tab'er. Taylor. Twichell,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Henry 1>. Washburn,
Welker. Whittemore, Thomas Williams. William
Williams, John T. WU&oii, Windom, Woodward, and
Young—121.
NAYS—-Messrs. Archer, Baker, Baldwin, Seaman,
Beatty. Boutwell. Boyer, Brooks, Barr, Gary, Cobb,
Cook, Dickey, Thomas jD. Eliot, Farasworth, Fox,
Haight, Harding. Hulburd, Humphrey. Jenckes.Kel-
sey, Ketcham, George V, Lawrence, Loan, Lough-
ridge, New comb. Ortfa, Paine, Perham, Pile, Pome-
roy, Ross, Seofield. Stone, TaiFe, Upson, Ward,Cad-
walader U. Washburn, William B. Washburn, and
James F. Wilson—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. AdamSr Ames, Arneli, Ax-
tell, Bailey, Barnes, Bingham, Blaine, Boles, Bow en,
Broomail, Churchill, Cornell, Covode, Dixon, Dod^e,
Bggleston, Bla, Btdridge, Garfield, Gravely, Hamil-
ton, Hopkins, Asah el W. Hubbard, Richard i>. Hub-
bard, Johnson. Kerr. Kitchen, Logan, Lyaoh, Mar-
shall, McCarthy, McCullough, Morrissey, Peters,
Phelps, Pike, Polsley, Randall, Sawyer, Selye, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Spalding, Stewart. Sypher. Thomas,
Tift, John Tn table, Lawrence S.Trimbla. Trow bridge.
Van A uken. Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyck. Vidal, ElihuB. Washburne, Stephen i . Wil-
son. Wood, and Woodbridge—60.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question wss upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I call the
previous question on the passage of the joint
resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President was commu-
nicated to the House by Mr. Moore, his Private
Secretai'y, announcing that he had approved
and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1969) for the relief of
Nott & Co. ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1906) to establish the col-
lection district of Aroostook, in the State of.
Maine, and to mo re accurately define the bound-
aries of the district of Newark, New Jersey.
The message further announced that the
President had returned to the House,, witkhis
objections in writing thereto, aii got (H. R. No.
1460) to regulate the duties on imported copper
and copper ores.
. ORDER Of BUSISBSS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hoar has
expired. If there be so, abjection, before the
House resumes the consideration of the unfin-
ished business pending at the adjournment of
Saturday last, the Chair will lay before the
House two messages from the President of the
United States, received during the time the
rules were suspended on Saturday.
Mr. ROBINSON. Oise of those messages,
I understand, relates to the release of Messrs.
Costello and Warren. When it is laid before
the House I shall ask leave to- make a "few
remarks upon it.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will with-
hold that message for the present.
passports in france.
The SPEAKER, by unanimouseonsetttjlaid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and Ilomse of Representatives :
I transmit to Congress a eopyqf correspondence
which has taken place between the Secretary of
State and the minister of the United States at Paris
ih relation to the use of passports by citizens of the
united States in France.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
. Washington, February 19, 1869.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the message
and accompanying papers be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
beprinted.
The motion was agreed to.
index of documents.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous csnsent, laid
before the House the following:
Clebk's Office,
Bousj? of Repbbsrxtatives United States,
washington. d. c.. Febrfuxry 22. 1869.
Sib: My attention having been nailed by Hon.
Nathaniel P. Banks to the necessity of having a
consolidated index to the executive documents and
reports of committees of the House of Representatives
from tie Twenty-Sixth to- and including the Fortieth
Congress, I have caused to be prepared i n such inter-
vals as could be spared from other public business
an index to the executive documents, which is com-
plete to date, and is herewith transmitted; and one
to the reports of committees, which is approaching
completion. I respectfully suggest that they be re-
ferred to a committee with a view to printing them,
each in a separate volume, with thootherdocuments
of t he Fortieth Congress, if on examination they may
be considered worth the expenditure. They can be
comprised in two volumes of about three hundred
pages eaeh. As they make readily available docu-
ments and reports which are scattered through sev-
eral hundred volumes, and Which are dilfleulfc of
access, I venture to hope that the indexes may be
considered of sufficient value to be thus printed,
preserved, and distributed.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD McPHESSON,
Clerk of House of Representatives of United $ates.
Hon. Schuyukk Colfax,
Speaker of XJou.se of Representatives,
Mr. BANKS. I move that the letter just
read be referred to the Committee on Printing
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. SYPHER asked and obtained leave of
absence for two days on account of illness.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. MORRELL asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House, leav-
ing copies, the papers of P. A. Gibbons, re-
lating to work done at the Norfolk navy-yard.
public credit bold contracts.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
the unfinished business pending at the adjourn-
ment on last Saturday, the consideration of
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means House bill No. 1744, to strengthen the
public credit and relating to contracts for the
' payment of coin. On this question the gen-
tleinan from Ohio [Mr. Schekck] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SCHBNCK. Mr. Speaker, before pro-
ceeding, with any discussion of the bill -before
the Hoase, I wish, to nestle as a preliminary
something in regard to the discussion to take
place upon it. I suppose there wjll be no gen-
eral disposition to go into a wide.fiTiaiiciatdis-
€>U9giOB on this bill. Various gentlemen have
submitted their views upon the general ques-
tion. in speeches of an hour each, and I wish
this discussion may fee confined to this par-
ticular bill. My proposition is to occupy the
attention of the House for some thirty or forty
minutes in submitting my own views in regard
to the bill; to give away then to other gentle-
men whatever may remain of my hour, and
to permit the discussion to rnn on for say a
couple of hours longer, so that a number of
gentlemen who desire to make speeches of ten
or fifteen minutes each, upon this particular
bill may be heard. I will ask the House to
consent that after my time shall have expired
the debate on the bill may continue for two
hours longer in speeches to be limited to fif-
teen minutes each, my intention being, if this
arrangement be assented to, not to call the
previous question until those two hoars shall
have expired.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I cannot consent to any
arrangement that will prevent us from going
into Committee of the Whole to consider ap-
propriation bills.
The SPEAKER. If the order proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sche:«;k] be
agreed to by unanimous consent it will suspend
the rules and will preclude a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole until th^ order has
hppn PicpfMitPn
Mr. PRUYN. We on this side would like
to say something on this subject. I sjiould like
to occupy fifteen minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 propose thatgentlemen
on both sides shall be allowed an opportunity
to express their views.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. SCOFIELD and Mr. ROSS objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall be compelled to
move to suspend the rales in order to make
such an order as I have stated, or else to notify
gentlemen that I shall call, the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEYENS. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rales, so tha,t at the conclusion of my hour
debate may continue for two hours, speeches
to be limited to fifteen minutes each. I know
thereare half a dozen or more gentlemen, some
on this and some on the other side of the House,
who desire to make short speeches on this hill,
and I do not wish to cut them off.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. The gentleman willallow
me, in the absence of the acting chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, to say that
we have determined in committee to press the
appropriation bills every day and evening until
they shall be passed. Nearly all tlie regular
appropriation bills are still unacted on. The
bill making appropriations for legijdatiye, exec-
utive, aud judicial exrpenses, the Post Office
appropriation bill, and the deficiency appropria-
tion bill are still pending in this House. The
Indian appropriation bill has come back from
the Senate witlialargenumberof amendments,
the consideration of which will consume a great
deal of time. Unless we can take up these
bills to-day, and keep at them every day of
this week until they shall be sent over to the
Senate, they cannot be passed this session, and
we shall be obliged to have a long spring ses-
sion.
The SPEAKER. The' Chair will state also
that he is aware of seven reports of committees
privileged to be made at any time, some of
which will give rise to debate. Members are
waiting to call them up until privileged motions
are out of the whv.
Mr. SCHENCK. If if be the pleasure of
gentlemen 1 will limit debate to one Jbour.
That will allow four speeches of fifteen minutea
