1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Representative Reform—Report.
Senate.
of change is produced by fluctuation of party
power in the districts.
Again, the single district system gives rise to
gerrymandering in the States in the formation
of districts. Single districts will almost always
be unfairly made. They will be formed in the
interest of party and to secure an unjust meas-
ure of power to their authors, and it may be ex-
pected that each successive district apportion-
ment will be more unjust than its predecessor.
Parties will retaliate upon each other when-
ever possible. The disfranchisement suffered
through one decade by a political party may be
repeated upon it in. the next with increased
severity; but if it shall happen to have power
in the Legislature when the new apportionment
for the State is to be made it will take signal
vengeance for its wrongs and in its turn indulge
in the luxury of persecution.
MODES OF VOTING DESCRIBED.
The manner in which the right of suffrage
shall be exercised, always a question of high
importance, is one of difficulty also. It has
been regulated in various ways in our States
and in foreign countries, but must be consid-
ered in many respects as still open to debate.
We have pretty generally adopted the vote by
secret ballot for popular elections, but whether
votes be given in secret or open ballot or by
voice a question will remain as to the manner
in which they shall be bestowed upon or dis-
tributed among candidates. Where but one
Representative or other official is to be chosen
by a constituency it is readily understood that
a single vote is to be given by each elector to
the candidate of his choice, and such is the
uniform regulation. But where more than one
person is to be chosen by a constituency the
manner of bestowing votes upon candidates is
a question of more difficulty, and various regu-
lations have been made or proposed concerning
it. Several of these it is necessary to mention
and describe before proceeding to the main
matters to be examined in this report.
THE VOTE BY GENERAL TICKET.
By the general ticket plan of distributive
voting the elector has assigned to him a number
of votes equal to the whole number of persons
to be chosen, and is authorized to bestow them
singly upon a like number of candidates. Upon
this plan presidential electors are chosen in all
the States except Florida.
THE VOTE BY SINGLE DISTRICTS.
By the single district plan the general con-
stituency is divided into parts by territorial
lines, and each part constituted a sub-constitu-
ency to vote separately and choose one person.
The voter casts a single vote for his candidate
and has no participation in the action of the
general constituency beyond the giving of his
district vote. Upon this plan, prescribed by
statute, Representatives in Congress are now
chosen.
THE LIMITED VOTE.
The limited vote obtains where the voter is
forbidden to vote for the whole number of per-
sons to be chosen by the constituency, but is
authorized to give single votes to each of a less
number or a single vote to one.
THE CUMULATIVE VOTE.
The cumulative vote is the concentration of
two or more votes upon one candidate or upon
each of a greater number. It may obtain
when the voter lias assigned to him more votes
than one and is permitted to cast them other-
wise than singly among candidates.
UNRESTRICTED OR FREE VOTE.
The unrestricted or free vote obtains where
the voter has assigned to him a number of votes
equal to the number of persons to be chosen
by the constituency, and is permitted to cast
them according to his own discretion and choice
without legal restraint. In such cases he may
bestow them all upon one candidate, or dis-
tribute them singly among candidates, or cumu-
late them upon more candidates than one, or
cast a part of them singly and a part of them
upon the principle of cumulation, precisely as
his judgment may direct him and the possibili-
ties of the case may permit.
SUPERIORITY OF THE flREE VOTE.
Now, it will be seen that the unrestricted or
free vote is more comprehensive and flexible
than the others, and that it includes many of
their features and may be used to accomplish
their objects. It involves or includes the vote
by general ticket without the restriction that
but one vote shall in any case be given to a
candidate. It may be used to accomplish the
purposes of the limited vote and of single dis-
trict voting in a just, effectual, and popular
manner, and it includes completely the cumu-
lative vote with which it is in character closely
allied. In brief, it combines the advantages
of other plans without their imperfections,
while it is not open to any strong objection
peculiar to itself. The ingredient, however,
of greatest value and importance contained in
it, and the one particularly fitted to regenerate
and give credit to elections is the principle of
the concentration of votes. In fact for prac-
tical purposes in dissertation or argument upon
the question of electoral reform, the terms
" cumulative vote" and "free vote" maybe
interchangably used, though the latter is most
appropriate and accurate to indicate a plan
which commonly involves distribution as well
as concentration of votes, and sometimes even
the giving of single votes to particular candi-
dates.
HOW FAR IT CAN BE APPLIED.
The bill now reported by the committee
applies the unrestricted or free vote to the
selection of Representatives in Congress from
the several States, and the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
reported by the committee on the 29th of Jan-
uary will, if adopted, empower Congress to
apply that vote (or some other proper reform)
to the selection of electors of President and
Vice President of the United States.
By the fourth section of the first article of
the Constitution power is clearly conferred
upon Congress to pass a bill regulating the
manner of holding elections for the choice of
Representatives. The times, places, and man-
ner of holding such elections are to be pre-
scribed in each State bythe Legislature thereof,
but the Congress may at any time make or
alter such regulations. This power was exer-
cised by the passage of the act of Congress
which provides that Representatives shall be
chosen in the several States by single districts
instead of by general ticket, which had been
the general practice before, and it is equally
competent for Congress to prescribe a still dif-
ferent manner for choosing them, subject only
to such other provisions of the Constitution as
may relate to the same subject. The free or
cumulative vote or other like reform may there-
fore be introduced simply by the enactment
of a statute. No constitutional amendment
will be necessary for the purpose. But as to
the choice of presidential electors the case is
different, as before stated. The first_ section
of the second article of the Constitution pro-
vides that each State shall appoint electors
"in such manner as the Legislature thereof
maydirect." Congress may determine the tune
of choosing the electors and fix a uniform day
on which they shall give their votes, but can-
not prescribe the manner in which they shall
be chosen. To accomplish any reform in the
manner of choosing them through the instru-
mentality of an act of Congress, an amend-
ment to the Constitution will be necessary.
That such amendment is desirable, and that it
is necessary also to the introduction of any
reform whatever in the manner of choosing
electors, will be hereafter shown.
ARGUMENTS FOR ITS ADOPTION.
Recurring now to the question of representa-
tive reform raised by the bill reported by the
committee, we will proceed to state those
grounds of argument which recommend the
adoption of the unrestricted or free vote.
ITS SIMPLICITY AND CONVENIENCE OF APPLICATION.
The first consideration to be taken into ac-
count is the simplicity and convenience of this
plan of reform. It is easily understood, con-
venient of application, and will readily adapt
itself to all new or changed conditions of polit-
ical society. It is self-adjusting, and requires
no law whatever to enforce it or afford it a
sanction beyond the act which shall simply call
it into existence. The number of Representa-
tives to which a State shall be entitled being
first ascertained under the rule of distribution
contained in the Constitution, the law will sim-
ply declare that each voter of the State shall
have as many votes as there are Representa-
tives to be chosen from his State, ana at that
point will stop, leaving him perfectly free to cast
his votes according to his own judgment and
discretion.
The voter then may exercise his right accord-
ing to any of the plans relating to the distri-
bution or concentration of votes which have
heretofore been the subject of discussion, in-
cluding those which have and those which have
not been prescribed by legal enactment. But
inasmuch as our political communities will
always be divided into political parties, (or so
long as our free institutions remain to us,) it
must happen that the voter will exercise his
right with direct reference to his party asso-
ciations, to the interests of the party to which
he shall belong. He will vote (as he votes
now) as a party man and for candidates who
have been selected by some form of nomina-
tion, by some agreement or concert of action
among men of common views and common
interests. The inevitable result will be that
political parties and the voters who compose
them will obtain fair and complete representa-
tion by distributing or concentrating their votes
in such manner as to secure it, and nothing
can be more certain than that they will be
better judges of their own interests than the
law maker possibly can be ; for they will act
with a full knowledge of all the facts which
pertain to an election, of the relative strength
of parties at the time, the probable amount of
the aggregate vote to be polled, and generally
of the effect of their voting in any particular
manner. Of all these matters the law maker
must be profoundly ignorant, or must con-
jecture or assume tliem at random. He can-
not foreknow the future, nor adapt his arrange-
ments to the ever-changing conditions of polit-
ical society.
It is for this reason that imperfection will
always attach to the limited vote as a general
plan to be applied to popular elections. The
law maker cannot know that his arbitrary lim-
itation will operate justly and secure his object
at some future time. If he could know the
exact relative strength of parties in future
years he might apply his limitation to a con-
stituency with confidence. Adjusting it to the
facts he could obtain a proper result. As this
cannot be the limited vote can be but partially
applied to elections, and must in most cases be
unsatisfactory. It has rarely been applied to
constituencies selecting more than three Rep-
resentatives, and can never be accepted as a
plan for extensive use and application.
The unrestricted or free vote, however, is
not open to these observations. It will adjust
itself to all cases, and it will have the most
important and effectual sanction, for it will be
put under the guardianship of party iuterest,
always active and energetic, which will give it
direction and complete effect to the full and
just representation of the people.
ITS CONFORMITY TO REPUBLICAN PRINCIPLES.
The unrestricted or free vote is in strict con-
formity with democratic principles, and real-
izes more perfectly our ideas of popular gov-
ernment ; for by it the whole mass of electors
are brought into direct relations with Govern-
