1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
States, and of others in which she has millions
invested?—the right to erect toll-gates on such
roads ; to fix the tolls irrespective of the wishes
or interests of the people; to intersect and
cross and injure works completed or in prog-
ress: to cut up and disfigure the physical features
of the country without regard to State inter-
ests; to summon juries, condemn the lands,
erect depots, buildings, and stations wherever
and however it may choose, without even con-
sulting the State or her functionaries; to incor-
porate companies, composed of strangers, to go
upon your lands, make as many roads as they
please, however destructive to the woiksof the
State and of her people; in a word, to exer-
cise plenary power over the territory of the
States—can it he possible that the late war has
so obliterated every line and removed every
landmark of the States which have always
been their pride and boast? Was it for this
that the Constitution was framed? Was the
power to make canals rejected because of the
well-grounded apprehension that its insertion
would defeat the instrument when submitted
to the people ; that now, in the eighty-second
year of our national political existence, the
power to make canals and railroads shall be ex-
erted independently of the States? Would not
such an exercise of power be an insult to the
framers of the Constitution, to their memory,
and to the memories of the men who voted for
and adopted it? '
The right of -eminent domain or the power
to take private property for public use is in
virtue of the sovereignty of the Government;
it is a part of the sovereignty. In the public
territorj'of the United States this right resides
in the Government ; but when a new State is
formed out of such territory and received into
the Union that right, held temporarily by the
United States, passes to the State thus admit-
ted. This principle is explicitly declared in
the case of Pollard's Lessee vs. Hogan, in S
Howard's Reports, 212, by the Supreme Court
of the United States, and that the right of
eminent domain is a part of the sovereign
power of a State.
It will not be denied that the States have a
right to take private property for public use,
making just compensation, and that the right
exists because of their sovereignty. Sover-
eignty over the same subject-matter cannot
exist in two Governments. It cannot exist
in two or more Governments when its exercise
may bring them into collision. The one or
the other must be supreme. This right of
eminent domain is essential to the proper
existence and operations of the State govern-
ments; the objects of local governments, the
improvements of the State, their progress and
advancement are inseparably connected and
bound up in this attribute of sovereignty.
But the right of eminent domain is not neces-
sary to the existence or administration of the
General Government; it has no duties which
call for its exercise except in times of inva-
sion or of war. Its powers and functions were
ordained and limited by the States. Mr. Mad-
ison, in the forty-fifth number of the Federal-
ist said, as already quoted, that—
"The. powers delegated by the proposed Consti-
tution to the Federal Government are few and
defined; those which remain in the State govern-
ments are numerous and indefinite."
The honorable Senator from Ohio, kindling
with enthusiasm as he progresses to demolish
all the barriers which protect the rights of the
States, says:
"Now, therefore, is the proper time to assort the
authority of Congress to regulate commerce anions:
the States by authorizing new lines of transit; by
eneouras'ine competition, improvement, and enter-
prise- by making theconstruction of railroads as free
as the construction of merchant vessels and black-
smith shops.''
We know that every man in the community
has a right to build a vessel and a blacksmith
shop. He interferes not with the rights or in-
terest of another ; he takes no man s materials
and condemnsnoman'sproperty. And yet the
Senator would permit all associations, com-
panies, or individuals to go upon the territory
of a State and convert its property to their
use, regardless of the wishes or interest or
rights of the owners, that the right to build
railroads should be as free as the air! Is this
the doctrine of the statesmen who framed the
Constitution ? Are such views to be found in
the Federalist, or in the writings of Hamilton,
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, or Jackson, or of
record in the annals of congressional legisla-
tion ?
Some of the reasons assigned by the honor-
able Senator [Mr. Sherman] for the exercise
of this power are : that the profits of the Wash-
ington road are grossly out of proportion to
the cost of the branch! Is not this a most
extraordinary motive to influence the Con-
gress of the United States to exert, this high
and doubtful power? The idea of making rival
works to rcduce the profits of a railroad com-
pany is a novel one. Corporations, the Sen-
ator says, are selfish ; and yet he would create
as many as there are ships and blacksmith
shops, that they might all become selfish and
make their own interest their chief object;
not that the public convenience and interest,
are to be moving causes to the construction of
new roads ; for he says :
"It is therefore natural that dissatisfaction should
occur with the present exclusivo transit, even if it
yielded only a fair proliton the capital employed,
and furnished direct, convenient, and cheap com-
munication."
Here is a distinct avowal that neither the
directness of the route, its cheapness and con-
venience, can satisfy the community while other
persons are prohibited from constructing roads
whenever and wherever they may choose.
It would seem to me that the efforts of the
Senator to show that the profits of the Wash-
ington branch were too great, that the route
was not direct, convenient, or cheap, was a
work of supererogation, and he might as well
have relied on the avowal of dissatisfaction,
because there was but one route. 11 lias some-
where been said that "though one be as pure
as ice and as chaste as snow he shall not escape
censure.'*
It will be remembered that the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad was built many years since,
when railroads were experi incuts and capitalists
hesitated to invest; that for many j ears it paid
a comparatively small profit; that before its
construction the stage and the wagon were
used as agencies to transport passengers and
merchandise from Baltimore to Washington
and vice versa-, that the present route from
Washington to New York is the shortest that
can be made unless you bridge the Chesapeake
and Delaware ; that the travel is made in about
seven and a half hours, and an improvement
by the company is now beingconsidered which
will lessen the time twenty minutes and pre-
vent delay in Baltimore. It w ill also be remem-
bered that the State of Maryland, with a popu-
lation at that time of probably less than half
a million, an agricultural people, and with
limited resourcej, advanced her means and
pledged her crcdit to aid in the construction
of the road; that she stipulated for one fifth
of the passage money. I have heard it stated
that the State of New Jersey had created a
monopoly, and Delaware had placed a capita-
tion tax upon passengers, that Pennsylvania
had required a remuneration of the Erie road
in the lorm of a rent, and that in Illinois the
Central railroad pays a per cent, of its gross
earnings into the treasury.
Maryland also subscribed $500,000 to the
main stem and $7,000,000 to the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, which had a terminus in
the District of Columbia; that to pay the
interest on the debt thus created, mostly to
connect Baltimore and the Ohio with Wash-
ington and Georgetown, she had to resort^to
taxation of a character which was oppiessive' to
her people. She thought not of repudiation,
but under the lead of her then distinguished
Governor levied stamp duties on all private
securities, conveyances, &e., and taxes on leg-
acies, collateral inheritances, on executors and
administrators and trustees' commissions, and
on the real and personal property of the State.
She preserved her honor inviolate, and no stain
ever attached to her bright escutcheon. The
Chesapeake and Ohio canal has been unpro-
ductive, and now there is due my State for in-
terest upward of eleven million dollars. Wilt
the Senator from Ohio inform us if the eight
per cent, on her investment in the main stem is
excessive, and whether the deficit on the canal
investment should not be an offset to what ho
considers unreasonable receipts from the Wash-
ington branch road? If that requisition be
unconstitutional, as the Senator alleges, it may
soon be judicially so decided. She receives
about fi"e per cent, every six months on her
subscription of stock. But. for the enterprise
and public spirit of Maryland end of the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company acting in
conjunction it is possible that we might jet
have the stage coach to ply between the vitics ol
Ballirnore and Washington, to convey honor-
able Senators and liepresentatives to and from
the seat of Government, as was wont.in the days
of Clay, Webster, and others of great renown.
I am no friend of monopolies, nor am 1 here
as the advocate of any railroad company; but
when individuals and a State embark their
means to a large amount in an enterprise or
work which may prove a failure, which may
never reimburse principal or interest, does it
seem proper or just that after the hazard of
loss and by good management they realize a
piofit that a rival company, availing them-
selves of the experience and success of the for-
mer, should step in and take from them their
hard and merited earnings? Jf they abuse
their privileges the law will reach and correct
such abuses; but it is a question doubtful ill
moials whether, under such circumstances,
many rival companies should be permitted to
reap their advantages; at all events the ques-
tion is one for the consideration of the power
that created them. I know of no refusal on
fhe part of the Legislature of Maryland to re-
dress wrongs or fo sustain the cause of right.
She is not a State that loves monopolies, nor
is she selfish or unjust, but has granted many
railroad charters, and, I believe, has never ic-
fuscd when properly applied to. She receives
nothing from the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
and allowing her interest on the §7.000,000
of stock and the $11,000,000 of interest due u>
her from the canal company, the annual lo-s
to the State ol interest is SI,080,000, being
more, than the whole gross earnings of the
railroad company on the Washington brunch
in a single year.
The Senator fi om Ohio .says that Maryland ob-
structs flee com in uni cation between the capital
! and the great boil) of the people. Did the hon-
orable Senator weigh well the expressions which
he used ? Is he not aware that Maryland cap-
ital and enterprise made the only railroad to
the city of Washington ; that her people are
now taxed to pay the interest on the debt in-
curred for that object? Is he not also aware
that Maryland many years since chartered a
company to construct a railroad from the Po-
tomac to Baltimore, and subsequently author-
ized the company to carry a branch to the
District of Columbia; that the want, of capital
alone prevented the commencement of that,
road for many years, but that it is now, under
the control of the energetic Governor of Mary-
laud as its president, and the enterprising board
associated with him, in a rapid progress of
I construction, and will soon be completed ; that
\ the Legislature of Maryland, when requested,
{ enlarged the corporate powers of the Baltimore
j| and Ohio railroad to enable it to make a road
t! from Harper's Ferry to the District, of Colum-
ji bia, called the Metropolitan road, for the espc-
!| cial accommodation of western travel? 'this
branch is to he made, not with the capital of
the District, but from t he earnings of the. former
!■ company, which will lessen the dividends to the
;i State of Maryland and to Baltimore on their
jj stock. The Councils1 ille road is beinjr built
j! by Baltimore capital and enterprise, making a
jl shorter line with the Metropolitan than by any
j: other route from Washington to the West and
|j Northwest, and a road is also constructed from
ii toward Philadelphia to the Susquehanna river,
