1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Representative Reform—Report.
Senate.
political agents and be applied to better and
nobler uses.
That freedom of the vote will have the effect
claimed for it will more clearly appear from
considering the manner in which the present
plan of elections operates to invite and produce
corruption. By considering the evil which
exists we will be better able to judge the merits
of the remedy proposed. Popular elections in
the States for Federal or national purposes are
either by a general ticket for the whole State,
or by a single ticket in district divisions. As
before stated, the former obtains in the choice
of presidential electors; the latter, in the choice
of Representatives to Congress. But to both
is applied the plurality rule and a struggle
invited between candidates and parties for pre-
ponderance of vote.
Whichever can be made to outnumber an
opposition upon the return will win the whole
result and will wield the entire power of the
constituency in an Electoral College or in Con-
gress. Antagonism is thus made an essential
element of the proceeding, and the result pre-
sents to us the spectacle of victor and van-
quished, the former crowned with honor and
exultant in strength, the latter humiliated and
powerless. And it is important to observe
that the successful party does not obtain merely
a power proportioned to its vote, does not
merely obtain full representation for itself, but
obtains the whole power of the constituency.
The whole vote cast against it or withheld from
it is virtually counted to it and added to its
true vote.
An issue thus made up for popular elections
must be one portentous of evil; and so far as
it is unnecessary to secure popular representa-
tion, must be denounced as plainly unjust as
well as injurious.
" 3. It will be a guarantee of peace.
The free vote will be a guarantee of peace
to our country, because it will exclude many
causes of discord and complaint and will
always secure to the friends of peace and
union a just measure of political power. The
absence of this vote in the States of the South
when rebellion was plotted, and when open
steps were taken to break the Union, was un-
fortunate, for it would have held the Union
men of those States together and have given
them voice in the electoral colleges and in Con-
gress. But they were fearfully overborne by
the plurality rule of elections and were swept
forward by the course of events intoimpotency
or open hostility to our cause. By that rule
they were largely deprived of representation
in Congress. By that rule they were shut out
of the electoral colleges. Dispersed^ unor-
ganized, unrepresented, without due voice and
power, they could interpose no effectual resist-
ance to secession and to civil war Their lead-
ers were struck down at unjust elections and
could not speak for them or act for them in
their own States or at the capital of the nation.
By facts well known to us we are assured that
the leaders of revolt, with much difficulty,
carried their States with them. Even in Geor-
gia, the empire State of the South, the scale
was almost balanced for a time between patri-
otism and dishonor; and in most of those
States it required all the machinery and influ-
ence of a vicious electoral system to organize
the war against us and hold those communi-
ties compactly as our foes.
in those same States the free vote will now
allay antagonism of race, and will substitute
therefor the rivalry of parties formed with ref-
erence to the policy of the General Govern-
ment. The tendency of party is to form upon
national issues and not upon State ones, and
this tendency will operate more strongly it
causes of offense between races shall be re-
moved or lessened. And what can accomplish
this more perfectly than the free vote ? For
under it. one race cannot vote down and dis-
franchise the other : each can obtain its due
share of power without injustice to the other,
and there will be no strong and constant mo-
tive (as now) to struggle for the mastery. This
fact—the importance of which cannot be over-
estimated—will allay animosity and prevent
conflict. And because the free vote will have
this certain effect it will nationalize parties in
the South, and will be to the whole country an
invaluable guarantee of order and peace.
In extending suffrage largely, in extending
it to include many hundreds of thousands of
voters of another race than our own, it will
become us to look to our electoral machinery
and to amend it in those parts which have
been found defective, or which do not seem
well adapted to the new strain to be put upon
it. Unquestionably there is a large mass of
honest opinion in the country opposed to col-
ored suffrage, and many of those who support
it in Congress and out of Congress put their
support of it upon the ground of necessity—
upon the ground that in order to secure the
fruits of emancipation it is necessary that the
emancipated be armed with the power of self-
defense. A majority of this committee hold
that colored suffrage is allowable and expe-
dient, that the objections to it are to a great
extent misconceived, and that the fears- felt
and expressed by many as to its results will not
be realized. But all must agree that this great
experiment of extended suffrage, being once
determined upon, should have a fair trial; that
all the conditions proper to its success should,
as far as possible, be established by the Gov-
ernment. And those who sincerely believe
that the experiment will have bad results must
approve a plan of voting which will certainly
mitigate its possible evils. But the salutary
effects of the free vote as a guarantee of peace,
though well illustrated by the southern States,
will not be confined to them. Everywhere it
will decrease the violence of party contests
and create more amicable relations than now
exist among our people.
4. It will improve the character and ability of
the House.
The unrestricted or free vote will secure men
of ability and experience in the House of Rep-
resentatives. It is believed that changes are
now too frequent in that House, and that the
public interests suffer detriment from this
cause. The committee give their unqualified
approval to that provision of the Constitution
which assigns short terms of service to mem-
bers of the House. But frequency of election
does not necessarily involve rapidity of change.
Popular power may be retained over the House,
and yet the great part of its members be con-
tinued by reelection for a considerable period
of time; in other words, frequent elections and
permanent membership are not incompatible.
But, in point of fact, the members of the
House are frequently changed so that members
of less than four years' service always consti-
tute a large majority, and it is a rare case that
a member continues beyond a third term.
Under such a system or practice of rapid
change the average character of the House for
ability cannot be high. Two and four year
men can know but little of the business of
Government, can be but imperfectly qualified to
curb abuses in the executive department, and
to expose or comprehend the true character of
most questions of domestic and foreign policy.
There are several reasons which accoun t for
frequent change in the membership of the
House, of which the single-district system is
chief. The fluctuations of party power is
next, in importance, but is intimately connected
with the former. The single-district system
has carried the idea of local representation to
excess, and has produced a class of incon-
veniences peculiar to itself. I he idea of as-
signing a Representative by law to a special
district within a State is naturally supplemented
by the idea of rotation in the representative
privilege among the localities within the dis-
trict. Hence, very commonly party nomina-
tions are made in turn to the several counties,
parishes, or other municipal divisions of the
district, which necessitates the frequent selec-
tion of new men for representative nomina-
tion. The claim of locality becomes more im-
portunate, and is often more regarded than the
claims or fitness of candidates in making party
nominations, and this although there is no
diversity of interest among the people in the
different parts of the district. The other cause
which we have mentioned cooperates with this,
though subordinate to it in effect. Changes of
party power in districts, where one party does
not largely predominate over another, are at
all times likely to occur, and to defeat the mem-
ber of the House from the district, although
his own party may desire to continue him in
the public service.
These causes of change would have but
slight operation if delegations from States were
elected by general ticket, and would have still
less if they were selected upon the plan of the
cumulative or free vote ; and the general ticket
system being quite inadmissible, upon the rea-
sons which apply to it, we are driven to the
cumulative or free vote as the practicable and
effectual measure of reform. It will continue
members of merit for long periods of time in
the House, because it will relieve them and
those who support them from the causes of
change above-mentioned. They can be re-
elected with certainty so long as the party
whose Representatives they are desire their
continuance in service, and it may be reason-
ably expected that some men of distinction
and intellectual power will always be found in
the House whose period of service counts by
twenty or thirty years. They will be the great
representatives of party, and will give luster
and power and usefulness to the House, while
they will be the objects of profound attach-
ment and of honest pride in the States they
represent. Congress will become, much more
than at present, a theater of statesmanship
and a fit representative of a great people, whose
extended territory, diverse populations, and
varied interests demand great ability and wis-
dom in the enactment of the laws. Our pres-
ent system, admirably calculated to repress
merit and lift mediocrity, will be supplanted
by one which will produce precisely the op-
posite result.
At present a member of the House holding
his seat insecurely cannot devote himself to
public business with that zeal and confidence
which his position demands. He is involved
all the time in a contest for official existence,
and his energies are thereby absorbed and
wasted. If he has a just ambition to serve the
people he must repress rivals at home, must
overcome a rule of rotation in his district, and
fortify himself against fluctuations of party
power. It will be expected of him that he
shall distribute the patronage of the Gov-
ernment to men who will be efficient in his
support for reelection ; and thus appointments
to office and Government contracts are to be
his peculiar study, and their distribution a
leading object of his labor. And he must be
liberal in his expenditure of money upon elec-
tions to retain his popularity and place; and
the more of political contribution from abroad
he can obtain to influence elections in his dis-
trict the more admired and the more secure he
will be.
I 111 brief, his time and his efforts instead of
\ being expended for the public must be expended
i on personal objects if he desires to remain for
any considerable time a Representative of the
people. Undoubtedly many of the best men
of the country must be deterred from entering
upon a congressional career, continuance in
which requires such sacrifices to an evil svstem,
so much of unpleasant effort, attended with
uncertainty and probable mortification.
But freedom to the elector has one special
advantage, hitherto unnoticed, over singledis-
