1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
of his liabilities and. some uncertainty as to his
purpose of prompt and faithful payment have
together contributed to impair his credit and
depreciate the value of hia obligations? The
answer is easy. He should increase by every
proper means hia resources and the regular in-
come from his property without diminishing its
value. He should limit and retrench, all un-
necessary expenses. He should thus show to
his creditors and the public a good margin of
saving applicable to the reduction and ultimate
extinguishment of his indebtedness, with an
increasing surplus to be so applied as his liabil-
ities diminish from year to year. And to all this
he must add, in order to regain lost credit, a
manifest determination to meet and pay every
just obligation according to the letter and spirit
of the contract by which it was incurred. All
this will be necessary to reestablish himself
in the confidence of those with whom he deals;
and with all this he will have not only that cap-
ital which consists in the ownership of prop-
erty, but that other and in some sense higher
security to offer which comes from confirmed
and trusted credit. Such a citizen need never
fear bankruptcy. Such a citizen can pay in
good time all he owes. Such a citizen will
always be able to borrow anew whatever money
be needs at the lowest rate of interest in the
market.
Now, make the case of this responsible and
trusted citizen the case of the nation or Gov-
ernment, and is not the same in' all respects
true of one as of the other ? Is anything else
true or to be relied on to lift us from our
present embarrassments?
Let ub consider briefly the revenue of the
U nited States. I will not ask you to hear me
speak of our resources. In that direction the
theme is too vast for our present discussion.
Measuring the future wealth of this broad land
by the present, as we do the present by its in-
crease on the past, it is almost too great for the
reach of imagination. But let us look at the
actual means we have now or may eount on
hereafter with which to meet, provide for, and
discharge every incumbrance on this our mag-
nificent and rich national inheritance.
Take first the revenues of the past year with all
its exceptional and unfavorable circumstances.
We have had a corrupt and extravagant Ad-
ministration. Inefficient and dishonest officers
ei tlier failed to levy or collect a great share of
the taxes, or aided others to rob and defraud
the Treasury ; while conviction of the scoun-
drels has, in most instances, only been followed
by executive pardon. Foreign territory was
purchased at a cost of $7,200,000 in gold, equal
to S10,000,000 of currency. The bounties j)aid
to soldiers who served in the war against
rebellion was $43,000,000. The arrears of
accumulated interest paid on compound-inter-
est notes amounted to over §10,000,000. We
have had to disbnrse to meet the great expense
of an Indian war other millions beyond the
ordinary needs ot'atime of peace. Otherlarge
expenditures have been required, which we shall
after this in whole or in part escape, to keep up
a military force in the unreconstructed States
of the South, and to support the Freedmen s
Bureau and other machinery incident to the
government, of those States in their abnormal
and transitional condition. And yet with all
these extraordinay demands on the Treasury a
balance of over $28,000,000 was carried to sur-
plus account at the close of the fiscal year. ^
Look next to the coming year, ana whafc is
the prospect? .
The Secretary of the Treasury has estimated
for the fiscal year to end on the 30th of Jujie,
1870, to meet all expenditures, including
interest on the public debt, $303,000,000.
this is against, $330,000,000 for the present
year, which will expire on the 80th of June,
180!): making a difference in our favor ot
(KH).OOO. lint the Committee on Appro-
priations in this House assure us that all that
will ho ivfjuirod lor tl>6 next fiscal year will
not exceed §290,000,000, thus promising an
Additional saving of 818,000,000, or an aggre-
gate retrenchment ot $40,000,000 as com-
pared with the present year. I have confi-
dence that this is not too favorable a state-
ment.
What will probably be onr receipts for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1870?
Mr. Wells, the Special Commissioner of
Revenue, places them at—
From customs duties (in gold) §170,000,000
From internal taxes on the basis of the
present laws, and with a new and more
efficient and honest administration of
them : 190,000,000
From miscellaneous sources, including the
premium on goid, sales of land, and
other public property, &c...  26,000,000
JMaking a total of. $356,000,000
The reasons of the Special'pommissioner
for anticipating an increase of revenue are set
forth with some fullness of detail in the official
report made by him last month. They are
founded, so far as revenue from internal taxes
is concerned, in part on the receipts to be ex-
pected from distilled spirits, tobacco, oigars,
and other sources. Those receipts will be
much increased, as is already proved by the
working of the amended law of July last relat-
ing to distilled spirits ; and if, at this session,
or even in the next Congress, we can enact
into a law the pending general bill, which has
passed the House and gone to the Senate,
revising, reforming, and readjusting the whole
system of internal taxation, with its provisions
forderivingmorefrombanks, brokers, lotteries,
public amusements, and various luxuries, a still
larger aggregate sura will be raised for public
use without any proportionate addition to the
-burdens of the people.
But counting confidently on a reformed, faith-
ful, and honest administration of the Govern-
ment under the incoming President, I look for
a larger public income, even without change
of the laws, than the Special Commissioner
has estimated. Studying the subject with all
the care and calculation that I have been able
to give to it, I venture to set my figures against
his. I believe we shall have for the fiscal
year ending Juue 30, 1870:
From customs duties (in gold) 
From internal taxes  188.0M.000
From miscellaneous sources  zo.uou.uuu
A total of. $388,000,000
This will indicate a surplus for that year of
898,000,000, as against a surplus estimated by
the Special Commissioner of $66,000,000, over
the aggregate of needed expenditures estimated
by the.Committee on Appropriations.
" Let. not gentlemen around me deem me ex-
travagant in these calculations of our national
wealth and national resources for even the near
future.
If time and the occasion would permit I would
gladly fortify my opinions and predictions by
carrying you to what, by change of circum-
stances, has become almost a new and fresh
field of prosperity—the reviving South.
The immense and wonderful growth of agri-
cultural resources in the great interior of our
country—on the rich plains and in the valleys
of the West and Northwest, and the untold
mineral wealth which is not much more than
beginning to be understood and developed in
the middle States, among the mountains of the
Pacific slope, and in other portions of our wide-
spread country, are subjects ot familiar specu-
lation. But who has yet fully anticipated what
is to be the measure of prosperity opening to
the States which have so lately emerged from
a career of mad rebellion? Whatever their
crimes and the crimes of their people have cost
to us in blood and treasure, they at least will
have recompense for all their sufferings and
disorders and temporary impoverishment in
their freedom from the curse which formerly
paralyzed their energies. Under a system ot
free labor and general industry, when they shad
have grown wiser than they yet are, so as to put
aside the political and social obstacles which
still so much impede their progress in material
wealth, it is not possible to calculate a limit to
the career of prosperity on which tbey: may
enter; and such prosperity must "sotm, by its
returns in the shape of taxes, help to 'contrib-
ute, far beyond what'that part of the country
has done heretofore, to fill the common Treas-
ury of the nation.
Though I do not go further into the .causes
and reasons for this general view ot renewed-
and largely increased riches and improvement
in the South, I cannot forbear to erifdfee -what
I have said by some interesting statistics whfcji
have been furnished me from a most intelligent
and reliable source in regard to two .of tb'S
peculiar and leading agricultural staples of that
region. My excuse for this is that the fafets
may not have attracted the attention of many';
aad they serve aptly to illustrate a growth in
sectional wealth and resources which must cor-
respondingly enable, indirectly at least, those
who thus prosper to add to the national revenue.
Statement of the cotton and m(tor crops of the United
States of 1860 and -1868. •
cotton. : . -J*
Crops of 1859-60, 5,000,000 bales of 400 pounds at 10
cents, or $40 u bale.       $200,000,000
Crops of 1867-68, 2,500,000 bales at an
average of 30 cents, and 450 pounds to
the bale, $90 a bale, $>225,000,000 in cur-
rency, or with gold at $1 40    160,000,000
" Thus it appears that the crop of 1863-was equal to
one half the largest crop ever made—that of I860—'
while in gold Talue it was worth four fifths, or eighty
per cent, of it. But to make this crop it is said that
only one third of the old area of cotton culture has
been occupied; so that if the old area had been cul-
tivated with a corresponding yield, the crop made
would have been 7,500,000 bales ,of 450 pounds, or to
make the comparison with the crop of 1&>0 complete,
8,437,500 bales of 400 pounds, or sixty-nine per cent;
more than that of 1860. Suppose that so large a crop
had reduced the price of thestaple in gold to the prica
of 1860, ten cents, the gold value would have been
$337,500,000; which is, again, sixty-eight per cen't.
above the value of the crop of 1860.
SUGAR.
The crdpnf 1859 and 1860 was 228-,753 hogsheads of the
average value of $62 a hogshead $11,311,4iS5
The crop of 1867 and 1868 was estimated at
100,000 hogsheads, worth SI 50 per hogs-
head, $15,000,000 currency; in gold, at
$140. 10.711,285
" The crops of the current year now making is
expected to be 250,000 hogsheads.
"Thus it appears that the crop of last year was
forty-three and a half per eent. in quantity of the
crop of 1860, and seventy-six and a half per cent, of
it in gold value. But it is said that the area of sugar,
lands planted is not more than one fourth of the old
area of sugar culture, and that much of this-is not
yet productive, as the cane is a perennial taking
three years to mature. JIakingaconsiderableabate-
ment from this estimate ot the area under cultiva-
tion, the results are extraordinary, and can only be
explained by the admitted fact that the yield was
never so great per acre and %>er hand as at the pres-
ent time. The crop is naturally an exhaustive one,
and the land has gained strength by lying fallow
during the years of the war."
Mr. Speaker, I will not pursue this subject
of national resources and national revenue—
this proof of our means to live and our means
to pay—any further. I return to the practical
questions which occupy all Blinds :
How are we to restore an impaired public
credit? .
How are we to be relieved of the inconven-
iences of a depreciated currency?
What are the first steps to be taken ?
To my mind the very foremost of all duties
is to meet directly, squarely, honestly the ques-
tions, What do we owe, and In what money
are we bound to pay ? Let us dig to the solid
rock and on that build. For this I oner the
first section of this bill. Let us be frank with
our creditors and with the world. This great
nation cannot afford to be otherwise. Our-
credit in the money market of theworld ought
to be as high as the highest; and if it lingers
almost the lowest on the list, measured by the
rate of interest which we have to pay on our
public bonds, it is not because capitalists at
. home or abroad are ignorant of our great means
i! to pay, but because we have given them too
ji much reason to doubt our willingness to meet
!i our obligations in the letter and spirit of the
terms on which they were contracted. Listen
to what I read from a foreign paper which ha«
just been sent to me. Felix Aucaigne.a French
journalist and economist, has published tn tlws
Patrie, at Paris, a very friendly notice _ ot
American securities in Europe. An nnglis-h
