m
TOE- COJSWiiESSIOKAL
January 21,
and a Maryland charter authorizes its continu-
ance to Baltimore; also, the Pennsylvania
Northern and Central, within our State lines.
The State of Maryland has not hesitated to give
her consent, by chartering companies, to con-
struct railroads and canals. She now has an
unproductive capital of $19,000,000 in such
works. It ig not possible that Baltimore can be
jealous of Washington ; there are always two
sides to a question ; but if there are any in-
equitable discriminations, tbey should be dis-
continued, and the capital of the nation enjoy
as many advantages as may be extended to the
most favored places. No doubt it will be done.
I have heard that the instance of the freight
from Baltimore being charged at a higher rate
to Washington than to Alexandria was ac-
counted for by the fact that the empty cars and
the labor of lading and unlading were furnished
by the Alexandria road. However, there can
be no doubt that a just arrangement should be
made to the mutual advantage and satisfaction
of both cities.
The complaint that the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company declined to reduce the fare
to the Government jnay be explained by the
fact that from the location of the road it was
particularly subject to the destructive raids and
operations of the confederate forces, and in
fact that it did suffer most serious and frequent
losses by having its track torn up and destroyed,
its bridges burned, and its cars demolished;
and that with wonderful promptitude the com-
pany from time to time repaired the work with
its own means and kept it for the important
uses of the Government and a necessary line
of communication between the seat of Govern-
ment and the West.
In answer to certain inquiries made by me
of a most intelligent officer of the company, I
learned that portions of the track were de-
stroyed every year during the war, the first oc-
curring in May, 1801, and the road was not
opened for use between Harper's Ferry and
Cumberland, a distance of one hundred miles,
till April, 1862. The track, buildings, bridges,
engines, and cars destroyed are estimated at
$800,000. During the warahoutone hundred
jaud twenty miles of the track were destroyed,
between twenty and thirty bridges, including
some of the most costly on the route, as Har-
per's Ferry bridge, which is about one thou:
sand feet in length and has been permanently
rebuilt; that the cost of repairing the road in
all respects so as to cover every damage done
to the property, permanent or movable, during
the war, is estimated at $3,500,000. In reply
to my question of loss in freight and travel
during the suspension of business during the
war, occasioned by the insurgents, the estimate
is given at $10,000,000. During the period of
the war the number of soldiers and persons con-
nected directly and indirectly with the Army
and transit each way are supposed to amount
to a million and a half of men. No road, prob-
ably, suffered so severely, and none rendered
more important services to the Government.
It was with a degree of surprise that I heard
the honorable Senator [Mr. Sherman] assign
as a reason for chartering a company to con-
struct a road from Washington to New York
via Baltimore that certain disorders had been
committed in the latter city. No one can
regret more than myself any violation of law
or breach of the peace, and the citizens of
Baltimore equally participate in that feeling.
They are au intelligent, enterprising, generous
people, of great public spirit and moral worth.
.Riots and violences have occurredin other cities
and towns of the country; but such occasional
ebullitions, however much they may be depre-
cated, do not seriously impair their character.
The Senator does not propose to locate the con-
templated road at any distance from Baltimore
city, so that proximity will not exist, and con-
sequently the new road will be as near the
scene of disorder as the present one. I regret
that the Senator introduced these topics into ;
the discussion of a great constitutional ques-
tion, because they neither help the argument
14or enlighten the judgment.
Maryland as a State has ever been charac-
terized for her toleration of opinion and for
civil and religious freedom. Founded by a col-
ony of Catholics, both that sect and the Prot-
ectants have been tolerant and libera}. Sbe
was among the first to remove disabilities from
the Jews. Her participation in (he revolution-
ary struggle forms a bright epoch in our coun-
try's history. The Maryland line was always
looked to to cross bayonets with the enemy;
it was in the hardest fought battles of that dark
period ; and the names of her Howards, Gists,
Smallwoods, and others are inseparably con-
nected with the valor and glory of the Revo-
lution of 1776. In 1812, when war was renewed
with our ancient enemy, but now I hope stead-
fast friend, the gallantry and patriotism of her
people were constantly displayed. When the
Government of the "United States wanted
money to conduct that war, at its very com-
mencement the Legislature of Maryland by
law authorized the banks of the State to loan
to it one third of their capital; and after this
city had been captured, and the Capitol build-
ing had been fired, when the pulse of the nation
beat quick and its heart almost failed, all eyes
were turned to Baltimore, which was to be
assaulted by the conquering troops that had
humbled our pride by the destruction of our
Capitol. When the commercial metropolis of
Maryland was invested by land and water by
the formidable naval and military forces of
Great Britain the heroism and firmness of
Maryland soldiers saved the honor of the nation
and infused new hopes and vigor into the hearts
and hands of our countrymen. Men voluntarily
left their homes and traveled a hundred miles
to engage in the defense of Baltimore.
It was during the dark and gloomy days and
nights of the bombardment of Fort McIIenry
that the patriotic Key, detained unwillingly
on board an English ship, from the decks of
which he could, through the smoke and flame
of battle, descry the flag which bore the stripes
and stars still waving at the staff, and which
gave hope to his throbbing heart—it was then
that fresh inspiration of patriotism was breathed
in his bosom, and he sent forth from his ardent
lips on the pure air of his native State the
memorable and never-to-be-forgotten words
and sentiments which have immortalized and
consecrated the Star-Spangled Banner, the
recollection of which did much to cheer and
sustain our soldiers in the late civil war and
to keep firm to their allegiance many who
would have gone to the southern cause. Dur-
ing that lamentable conflict of arms Maryland
sent fifty thousand men to the armies of the
Union, paid $5,000,000 as bounty to her sol-
diers, and lost $30,000,000 in the emancipation
of her slaves, which beggared many of her men,
widows, and orphans. She sold her bank stocks
to pay her troops, and her people aVe now labor-
ing under taxation to pay the interest on her
war debt.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the bill
before the Senate by adding to the first section
the following proviso:
Provided, however. That the Baltimore and Poto-
mac railroad may be adopted as a part of the road
between Washington and Baltimore contemplated
by this act, upon such terms and conditions as may
be agreed upon between the Now York and Wash-
ington Railway Company and the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that amendment is to
be adopted it ought to come in at the end of
the second section.
Mr. SPENCER. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection my-
self to the amendment authorizing the new
corporation to contract ■with the Potomac com-
pany, which is a new company also authorized
by Congress, to make that a part of the line.
I do not see any special objection to it. Sen-
ators can judge of it as well as I can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama to the second section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one amendment
reported b^ th^ committee 'which thf Secretary
tells me was, overlooked and not read. I ask
that that be acted upon now.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section six. line four, after the word
"length" to strike out the words "and the
rails shall be of American iron or steel manu-
facture. ''
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.pu that amendment, We areable to make
all the iron in this country that is required for
all our railroads.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is hardly worth while
to call the yeas and nays now.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the call,
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment before
the Senate I understand to be an amendment
requiring this road to use American iron.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is to strike out the provision requiring it
to be tiuilt of American iron.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to take
any part in the discussion of this bill, but I
think that provision ought to be stricken out.
We have adjusted the tariff upon railroad iron
toi our internal revenue, tax up.on American
manufactures of railroad, iron,' and they are
now in the markets of the world and in the
markets of this country competing with each
other, as they ought to be. Now, to put into
a bill, as we have in several bills that have
passed Congress, a requirement obliging the
company to buy American iron is, in the first
pla.ee, against the interest, as, I think, of the
revenue of the country; and secondly, it is
against the enterprise which we are trying all
over this country to encourage and foster. I
think that our tariff on railroad iron now
amounts to about eleven dollars per ton. It
was eight dollars, but I think it was raised last
year, and railroad iron imported into this coun-
try now pays a higher duty than ever before,
If the companies who are to construct these
roads can afford to pay that duty, and prefer the
European iron with the duty, why not let them
go into the open market and buy it? Why
confine them to American iron and then allow
the American manufacturers to charge them
any price they have a mind to charge because
they have got to.pay it? It is against thegenius
of trade and commerce in this country, I
understand the chairman of the committee to
say that the committee recommend to strike it
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought it was moved
by some one else. If the committee have
moved to strike it out I will vote with the com-
mittee. If I do not vote with them on any-
thing else I will vote with them on that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend section
twelve of this bill so as to provide that, a prop-
erty tax may be levied on the property of the
road at not a higher rate pro rata than is levied
by the laws of the State upon the property of all
other roads constructed in the State under the
laws thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the provision now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not at all. The provis-
ion now is:
And no property tax shall be levied on the prop-
erty of said road at a higher rate pro rata than is
levied by the law3 ef said State upon the property of
all other roads aonstructod in said State under tho
laws thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection if
the Senator simply -wishes to affirm that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to have the assent
of Congress given to the levying of such a tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be followed
by a negative condition that no higher tax
shall be levied.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That precedes this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator from Ohio whether the bill is so
drawn as to prohibit the States from taxing
the stock of the company ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. A property
tax may be levied on the property of this rail-
road precisely like the tax on other railroad
grQgerty. '
