APPENDIX,TO THE CONGffiESSI QN AL GLOBE.
40th Cong....3d Sbss.
213
^Representative Reform—Bepott.
Senate!.
tion. that the cumulative vote is not suited to
elections where two persons are to be chosen
by a constituency, because if it have practical
effect it will give equal representation to the
majority and minority. But the frequent ap-
plication of the limited vote to dual elections—
as in the cases of inspectors of elections and
jury commissioners in Pennsylvania—may
cause us to pause and examine this objection
with some care before-we accept it as a sound
one- Carefully examined it may turn out to
be more specious than solid, and we ntay fur-
^tber discover that in the case of the repres&iNa-
tion of our States in the Federal Government
jJiere is an important fact whieh bears upon
this objection and deprives it of any appear-
ance even of strength or force.
-v In the first place let us test the objection and
.illustrate its futility by a supposed case. Take
a constituency of 32,000 electors, 20,000- of
.whom are Tories and 12,000 Liberals, entitled
to elect two members to Parliament. As there
are 32,000 voters and two members to be
-ehosen the full ratio or number of votes for a
member is 16,000. Assign now one member
to the Tories and the just demand of 16,000
lory voters is complied with and exhausted.
"They ean have no further claim to representa-
tion. What have we left? Why, on the one
Jiand 4,000 Tory voters, and on the other
1%,000 Liberals, and the simple question for
us to determine is whether the 4,000 or the
12,000 shall have the second member. The
cumulative or the free vote will give that
second member to the 12,000 Liberals; unjust
voting will give him to the 4,000 Tories.
But let us cite cases of actual parliamentary
elections in 1868, for two-member districts, in
further illustration: northeast Lancashire, two
members; average Tory vote, 3,615; average
Liberal vote, 3,458.
Two'Tories elected upon a majority of 157.
:The ratio for a member was 3,536, so that 79
Tory voters obtained the second member, while
3,4o8 Liberals were disfranchised.
Take next two districts in Kent. MidKent,
two members ; average Tory vote, 3,245; aver-
age Liberal vote, 2,873. West Kent, two mem-
bers; average Tory vote, 3,389; average Liberal
vote, 3,279.
. Two Tories were chosen from each district.
In Mid Kent 186 Tory votes carried the second
member, and in West Kent, 55; while in the
two districts 6,152 Liberals were entirely dis-
franchised.
East Derbyshire, two members; average
Liberal vote, 2,069 ; average Tory vote, 1,974.
Yorkshire, West Riding, (south,) two mem-
bers ; average Liberal vote, 8,032; average
.Tory vote, 7,935.
In these districts four Liberals were elected ;
in one the second member was carried by 48
and in the other by 49 votes ; while 9,909 Tories
were wholly disfranchised.
Where, then, a minority in a two-member
constituency exceeds one third the whole num-
ber of voters therein it does not seem unreason-
able to assign to them the second member, and
thus, in fact, an eqoality of representation with
the majority. It is a case where complete or
exact justice is impossible ; there must be dis-
franchisement to some extent; butthatdisfran-
chisement should be reduced to its minimum
and made to press as lightly as may be upon
tie constituency. What, then, can be said as
to two-member constituencies is this, that any
rule of voting for them must (in the very nature
of the case) be imperfect in result; but that
the cumulative vote, or an equivalent plan ap-
plied even to them, will be one of reform and
improvement.
But an important consideration remains to
be mentioned. Our States are represented in
both Houses of Congress, and not merely in
9ne ; a fact which changes entirely the char-
acter of this question in the two-member States.
J o Great Britain, there is no representation of
tta people, or even of districts, in the upper
40th Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 18,
boose of Parliament. Compensation to a con-
stituency for loss of political power in the
House of Commons cannot be obtained by them
in the House of Lords. With U3 the case is
widely different. The political majority in a
State will ordinarily have both the Senators
from the State; in other words, the whole rep-
resentation of the State in the Senate. If, then,
in two-member States they have but one half
the representation of the State in the House
(as against a minority of one third or upward)
the aggregate of their representation in Can-
gresawill still be many times over what it should
be upoa any principle of justice or of numbers.
THE THEEB-MEMBEB STATES. •
It is agreed pretty generally that the cumu-
lative or free vote is admirably suited to three-
member constituencies. The States which now
elect three members each are Arkansas,. Cali-
fornia, New Hampshire, Vermont, and West
Virginia. In such States the majority will
always have two members, and the minority,
if it exceed one fourth the whole constituency
and one third of the majority vote, can obtain
the third. Upon constituencies or districts
of this class—called indiscriminately "three-
handed," "three-cornered," or "triangular"—
much of the debate in Great Britain as to re-
form in popular voting has been expended.
The question as to them in particular is fully
expounded in the papers (drawn from British
sources) which are appended to this report.
THE SEE AT STATES.
Having exhausted the list of States which
elect less than four members, we find that
twenty-four remain. Of these Connecticut,
South Carolina, and Texas eaeh elect four
members and the remainder various numbers,
up to New York, which chooses thirty-one.
They may be taken together in this examina-
tion as an additional, though by far the most
important, class of States. They choose two
hundred and eighteen out of the two hundred
and forty-three members of the House. In
this class all the great States are before us and
all of secondary rank, challenging the wisdom
of Congress to reform and amend our political
system in some effectual manner; for oar coun-
try has in some respects outgrown the system
provided for us by the care of our ancestors;
new necessities press upon us; great evils
afflict us, and it has become the duty of states-
men not merely to administer or to carry on
our plan of government, but to amend it also;
and to this end we are to invite and welcome
the best thoughts of men abroad and at home
upon political reform, and give them, as far
as possible, application and practical effect.
Now, there can be no question that if parties
in the great States obtain representation ac-
cording to the number of their votes one of
the greatest possible reforms in a republican
government will be secured. All tho argu-
ments heretofore mentioned apply to those
States with special force, because they contrib-
ute the main body of members to the House,
and a defective plan of election operates within
them with extensive effect. As to them reform
will be most important and useful, and no rea-
sonable effort should be spared in attempting
to apply it.
We have in fact as to the great States no
point left for examination except the single
one of practicability. Will the free vote work
and work well in the great States? Those who
distrust popular intelligence and judgment may
deny, while those who confide in the people
will affirm, the practicability of the plan. But
there is one leading consideration which, in the
judgment of the committee, is decisive upon
this question. It is that where free action shall
be permitted each political party will pursue
its own interests with activity, intelligence, and
zeal, and will inevitably obtain for itself its due
share of representative power. Thus where a
party shall have one third of the popular vote
of the State it will cumulate its vote:vipon one
third the cumber of Representatives! to be
chosen. Where parties are nearly equal in
strength in a State the weaker one will .cumu-
late its vote upon one half the number of per-
sons to be chosen, or within one of that number.
Where a-party hag a small majority in a State,
and particularly where it is increasing in nnm-
bers, it will cumulate its vote upon one or two
more than one half the number of candidates.
And finally, in States with large delegations a
party with so small a vote as one fourth or one
fifth the whole number will cumulate- its vote
upon the small number of one, two, three, or
more Representatives, according to the propor-
tion which its vote shall bear to the total vote
of the State. The due working of the plan is
secured by the selfish interests with.which it
deals, and we may congratulate ourselves that
under the plan the very efforts of parties to
seeuse power for themselves will result in jus-
tice ; that is, in the division of power between
them according to their respective numbers.
Now, it is idle to say that voting in the great
States will be confused and uncertain. On the
contrary, it will run according to party organ-
ization at all times, and will adjust itself natu-
rally and inevitably to all. changes of opinion
and organization in the political body. And as
political parties constantly divide society into
parts, the relative strength of which can at any
time be approximately stated, there need not
be uncertainty or confusion in the polling of
votes. And even in. Utoes of transition and
change, when popular power is departing from
one party .and attaching itself to another or
when some third party takes, ground upon a
particular issue or faction diverts a fragmentary-
vote from a great party, the amount of disturb-
ance and consequent uncertainty produced
will not be considerable, and can be readily
estimated for all practical purposes in fixing
the number of candidates which any party shall
support. The merit or practicability of a rule
of elections is not to be judged upon a suppo-
sition which is unlikely or exceptional ; but
even in the cases supposed the elements of
error and mistake will be reduced to their
smallest possible quantity. Where the relative
strength of party is uncertain—that is, cannot
be exactly known or estimated—or where the
boundary of power between tham is near the
dividing line between ratios of representation,
it will rarely happen that a mistake will be
made beyond the extent of one member, and the
general result for the State will be but slightly
disturbed.
THE CHOICE OP PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS.
The proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States regarding the choice
of electors of President and Vice President of
the United States, reported by this committee
on the 29th of January, (adopted by the Sen-
ate subsequently, but lost upon disagreement
between the two Houses,) deserves distinct ex-
amination, particularly as full debate upon it
in the two Houses of Congress could not be had
when it came up for consideration, for want of
time. That amendment is as follows :
"The second clause, first section, article two ofthe
Constitution of the United States shall be amended
to read as follows: Eaeh State shall appoint, by a
vote of tile people thereof quahfiedto vote for ttepresent-
ahve in Congress, a number of electors equal to tho
whole number of Senators and Representatives to
which the State may be entitled in the Congress;
butno Senator or Representative, or person holding
an office of trust and profit under the United States,
shall be appointed an elector? andthe Congress shall
have poxcer to -prescribe the manner in xohich such elect"
ors shall be chosen by the people."
The amendment has two objects; first, to
secure to the people g.t all times the right of
choosing electors themselves ; and second, to
authorize Congress to prescribe the manner in
which this popular right shall be exercised. In
other respects the amendment follows the lan-
guage of the existing Constitution s*nd intro-
duces no change. At present electors are to
be appointed as the Legislatures of the several
States may direct, and there is no uniform rule
for the whole country.. Although in most of
