1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
Mr. PESSENDEN. " The property of the
railroad" would not cover the point. There
will be stockholders in this company. Many
of the stockholders may reside in a particular
State Why should they not pay a tax on their
stock in this road precisely as stockholders in
banks pay a tax upon their bank stock?
Mr. SHERMAN. This does not prevent it
at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The power should be
specifically given just as it is in the bank act.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that
it now reads: •
And no property tax shall be levied on th& prop-
erty of said road at a higher rate pro ruta than is
levied by the laws of said State upon tbe property
of all other roads constructed in said State under
the laws thereof.
This does not affect at all the right of the
State to tax the property of a citizen in the
stock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It should be specific-
ally given.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is clear now;
but if it is necessary we can put that in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It gives rise to a ques-
tion whether they are to pay any tax at all.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Maine if the State is allowed to tax the prop-
erty of the company, and then to tax the stock
which represents the property also, whether
that is not taxing twice?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer that in
this way : suppose a large stockholder in this
company resides in the State of Maine, and
the road itself does not touch the State of
Maine at all, should he not be taxed for the
stock which he holds? It is so with regard to
a bank. You tax the property of the bank
situated in a State in the ordinary way, and hi
addition to that the stockholders are specific-
ally taxed in the places where they reside. So
it is wilh regard to railroad corporations. In
my State the property of the railroad is taxa-
ble, not the track, but all the station-houses,
engines, and everything of that sort; and in
addition to that, the individual stockholder
may be taxed on his stock in the road. It
should be so in this case, in niv opinion.
Mr. MORTON. I am not doubting the
propriety of the suggestion, but, simply want
to know if the stock represents the property,
as it certainly does, and you first tax the prop-
erty and then tax the stock that represents
the property, whether that is not double tax-
ation V
Mr. FESSENDEN. The mere property of
the road is a very small portion of it: but the
stock may be very valuable outside of all that.
The railroads in all the States are taxed in the
same way. But there should be a limitation
undoubtedly. The section should be so drawn
as to provide that the tax shall be at the same
rate as the tax upon other property of a simi-
lar description in the State ; and then that will
be sufficient to guard against abuse.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Oregon send his amendment to
the desk?
Mr. SHERMAN. While the Senator is pre-
paring that amendment I desire to submit an
amendment,, I am directed by the select com-
mittee to move t,o strike out the last two sec-
tions of the bill. Senators object to having
different corporations included in this bill.
The select committee therefore instruct me
to move to strike out the last two sections, so
as to confine the bill to the one road between
Washington and New York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon is withdrawn
for the present, and the question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
The matter proposed to be stricken out will be
read. , , ..
Mr. SHERMAN. It is hardly worth while
to read those two long sections. I he sixteenth
and seventeenth sections of the bill provide,
one for a railroad toward Cleveland, and the
other for a railroad toward Cincinnati. The
40th Cong. 3d Sims. —No. 3"2.
committee propose to make the bill simply a
charter for a road from Washington to New
York, striking out the other two sections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee,
striking out th-e sixteenth and seventeenth sec-
tions of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I movetoinsertatthe end
of line six in the first section, after the word
"Delaware," the following names: "Ward
Hunt, George Opdyke, Thomas Buchanan, jr.,
C. P. Huntington," of New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose to modify the
amendment that I offered to the twelfth sec-
tion by striking out in line seven of that, sec
tion the words, " and no property tax shall be
levied on the property of said road at a higher
rate pro rata than is," and inserting "but
other taxes may be levied upon said road in the
same manner and to the same extent as taxes
are so that the.section will read :
Sec. 1*2. Andhe it further enttcied, That the saidlino
of lailway, with tho ferries, crossings, bridges, and
roadway hereby authorized to be constructed,shall
be deemed and considered a national public high-
way and post road, and no tax or transitduty shall
be imposodjAy virtue of any State authority upon
the traffic ot said company, its freishtor passengers ;
but other taxes may be levied upon said road in tho
same manner and to tho same extent as taxes are
levied by the laws of said State upon tho property of
all other roads constructed in said State under the
laws thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator to insert after the words " prop-
erty of said road " the words" and stock owned
therein," or something of that sort, so as to
cover the point I suggested.
Mr. SHERMAN. That, is a tax upon the
stockholder, and it seems to me it is not neces-
sary ; because, as a matter of course, they are
taxed with other citizens.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment of the
Senator from Oregon is a tax upon the road
itself. Now, I wish it to be expressed "upon
said road and upon the stockholders therein."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
this road and its stockholders paying the same
tax as any other road and its stockholders in
the same State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What I desire to accom-
plish is to put this road upon precisely the
same footing as other railroads are put upon
by the laws of any State through winch it may
pass, so that there may be no distinction in
that respect between this road and any other
road.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, insert after the
word "road" the words "audits stockholders."
Mr. CONKLING. Before we vote upon this
amendment I wish some Senator who has
thought of it would enlighten us upon a ques-
tion which goes beyond the form and, in a cer-
tain sense, beyond the substance of the amend-
ment. This legislation is to be justified, it
justified at all. I take it, largely upon the lan-
guage of the Constitution empowering Congress
to establish post offices and post roads. One
of the sections of this bill does establish this as
a post road. If 1 understand the effect of that,
the road as soon as it shall exist will exist as
one of the instrumentalities, in the language
of a leading case, of the Government of the
, United States, or of the United States. Now,
I it has been very broadly and uniformly decided--
and I think the distinction which has arisen in
the national bank cases does not impart the
force of the decision to which I now refer—that
State taxation shall not and cannot visit the
instrumentalities of the Government of the
United States. Those decisions, as I under-
stand, procped upon the effect of the Constitu-
tion and not upon the absence merely of a con-
gressional license to the States to tax. In other
words, if I am right in supposing that a road
like this would be. as the Mint,, as the dock-
yard, as the post office, is exempt from State
taxation, that exemption would arise from the
vigor of the Constitution itself. Now, I should
like to know what effect is to be produced by
licensing (if 1 may so say) the States to impose
the taxes implied by either form of this amend-
ment. I should like to know whether effect
can be given to the taxing power of the States
in this way, and if so how far, and totakehold
of which class of the assets of the road, and to
fall short of subjecting to State taxation which
other class of assets or franchise or whatever
may represent value.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me t.o ask him a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. With great pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When we declare that
any railroad constructed by State authority and
owned as a State institution shall be a post
road, as I believe is done by our laws, we make
it an instrumentality of the Government just
as much as this is. Does that declaration, that
it is a post road, take it out of its liability to
State taxation in the case of an existing road
constructed under State authority?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; 1 answer as a
matter of fact rather than of law. I should
think not; but I assume for the purpose of the
query which I propose that a distinction exists
between that case and a case in which Congress
directly exercises the power to create, and in
which Congress alone does create a corpora-
tion, the power to bring which into existence
is bused for this purpose wholly upon the idea
of establishing or creating a post road. Now
a route exists over which stage-coaches or rail-
way carriages travel, and for certain purposes
which, one by one, have been found desirable,
the Government adopts that, in a certain sense
as a post road, declares it a post road. That
is the case wlueh the Senator from Maine puts.
[ do not suppose that case would fairly give
rise to such a question as I ask, but my sup-
posilion is that the case before us is an entirely
different one from that. But if there be doubt
about that, then I should like to be enlightened
upou that as a part of the question which X
propose, whether the legislation we are about
to adopt, if this hill shall pass, does not con--
stitute a case between whioh and such a one
as the Senator proposes there is a distinction,
and if the distinction exists, then by what rea-
soning it is that we by enactment are to clothe
the States with the power to visit taxation upon
a subject to which complete immunity ^is at-
tached by the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, it seems
to me there is no doubt about the power of
the United States to allow any of its instru-
mentalities to be taxed. No doubt the bonds
of the Government could be taxed if Congress
felt disposed to allow it, and authorized the
States to tax them. It is not desirable for
this Government to build railroads through
the States and place them on a different foot-
ing from other railroads already constructed.
In the first clause of this section theie is a pro-
hibition against the State levying_c«rtain kinds
of taxation. We want to be free from the
passenger tax which has been so much com-
plained of, and which the Senator from Indi-
ana has this morning given us a \%ry able dis-
course in regard to. We do not wish that tax
imposed ; but further than that it is not desir-
able to place this road upon any different foot-
ing from other roads in the same State.
So much as to the policy. As to the power
of Congress to authorize the States to tax it,
; there can be no doubt. Congress is to judge
how it will use its powers. This has been done
in regard to the national banks, and there is
no question as to the power of Congress^ to
limit the use of its instrumentalities in carrying
on the Government in its own way and to
allow the States to exercise functions that they
ji otherwise would not have the power to exer-
j| eise. Inasmuch as we desire to prohibit the
!] passenger tax and put that prohibition iu tha
'! first, part of the section it is best for Congress
!' to shown disposition not to interfere iu legard
1! to other taxes.
!' Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, my read-
;j ing on this subject is notvery new, and I have
not veiy jtreat, confidence in my recollection
