1869.
mm .DmmsBmmm. slow.
The Chair thinks it is
may be necessary for that purpose shaft be tsppiied
to extending the letter-carrier system to every city
having a population of more than twenty thousaixj.
Mr. STEVENS. Is that in order? I raise
a point of order upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. :
in order.
Mr. STOVER. I move strike oat fee
entire c!#u«e. .
The CHAIRMAN. Tha4 motion is already
pending. This ig an amendment toi perfect
the clause before the vote is taken on. striking
out.
Mr. BENJAMIN, I make the point of
order that the amendinentehaQges the existing
law. '
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair has once
overruled the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do aot propose to repeat
what I said the other evening.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed
on the paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was hot aware, of that.
I was waiting until the ppipts of order wece
disposed of, that I might say something upon
my amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Iwovetoarnead
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] by striking out "twenty thou-
sand," and inaerting "ten thousand." If we
are going to expend $1,000,000 I think we ought
to extend the system over the whole country.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out (he words "so much of
this appropriation as may be necessary for that
purpose" and inserting in lieu thereof "a fair
proportion of this appropriation."
The amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to—ayes ten, noes not counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Sohexce's
amendment as amended.
Mr.. SCOFIELD. The amendment as it
now stands extends the letter-carrier system
toeities baring ten thousand population?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. That would destroy
the whole thing.
The question was put; and there-were—ayes
38, noes 34; no quorum voting. .
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. F Any s worth
and Mr. Starkweather were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 63, noes 53.
So Mr. ScHfixost's amendment, as amended,
was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stover's mo-
tion, to strike out the whole paragraph as
amended.
Mr. JUDD. Before that question is put, in
view of the vote of the committee just taken
extending the system, I move to amend the
paragraph by inserting after the word " mil-
lion'' the words "two hundred aud fifty thou-
sand;" so as to make the amount of the
appropriation $1,250,000.
The amendment was disagreed to—aye£ sev-
enteen, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add to the para-
graph as it has been appended the words " in
the discretion of the Postmaster General." I
think that is absolutely necessary in order to
carry out effectively the provision as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK* Oh, no ;*that is just what
we have now.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MYERS. I move to increase the ap-
propriation §200,000. I hope the committee
will vote for that.
The amendment was rejected—ayes seven,
hops not counted.
The question was put on Mr. Stotek's mo-
tion, to strike out the paragraph as amended :
and there were—ayes 82, uoes 50; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. SoHKKCJ&aad
Mr. Stover were appointed.
The committee divided; and the. tellers1
reported—ayes SO, boss 65.'
So, the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
For 'wrapiiirjg-itaper, $70,000.
Mr. BEAM.AN.' J mgve to amend' the
claus'e just read by'striking oat "$70,900"
and inserting'*$50,<W0l" I need only fete
that fof ;slverB'l year's there have been ^ex-
pended balances of appropriations for this pat-
pose, and I Jearn at the Department that the
sum I have named is ainjple.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:' '
Eor twine, $20,000.
For letter b alances, $4,000.
For compensation to blank amenta and a?.sistant^,
$8,009.
l?or office furniture, $2,500.
tO.OOO:, Provides, That no part of
id to any papers published in the
advertising mail
i'or advertising . .
this sum shall bo p>aii 
District of Columbia except for
routes in Virginia and Maryland.
Mr. BE A- MAN. I move to amend the last
clause read by transposing the word "except"
from the place it bow oceupies to after the
words " ma-i 1 routes."
The amendment was agreed to 
The Clerk read as follows:
Tor postage stamps and stamped envelopes,1500,006.
Mr. El A. I move to .amend the clause just
read by striking out " $500,000" and inserting
ia lieu thereof "$400,000." I see that this
item of appropriation has been increased more
than one hundred thousand dollars above the
cost of these articles last year. I cannot con-
ceive anygood reason why that should bedone,
unless it is because the Post Office Depart"
inent has made a contract for stamps, giving
theaw&rd of that contract to the highest bidder
instead of the lowest bidder, thus inflicting
an expense of more than thirty thousand dol-
lars a year upon the Government for postage
stamps above what they could be supplied for.
In addition to that the Post Office Department
has made no advertisements for proposals to
fa raisii stain ped en velopesfor the last two years,
but they, are receiving them under a contract
made four years ago, when everything of that
kind ms at the highest point, and the result is
that to-day you are paying one hundred per
• cent, profit more for the stamped envelopes
than the Government can procure stamped
envelopes forunder a new contract to be adver-
tised for aad made at the present time.
The result of this matter goes further than
thai. All of these envelopes are transported to
the Paclficcoast free of cost through the mails.
In this waj the parties furnishing the envelopes
are enabled to monopolize the whole envelope
business for the Pacific coast, and it costs the
Government twice as much to procure these
envelopes as it ought to ; and unless the gen-
tleman who has charge of this bill [Mr. Bea-
jiax] can stow some good reason for raising
this item by the sum of $109,000, then I
hope the amendment I have moved will be
adopted, and bring the amouut to where it
should be.
Kr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Ei.a] tell this com-
mittee hove much the Government pays for
stamped envelopes?
Mr. BLA. 1 cannot tell the figures exactly
now. I would have had them here had not
Mr. Lockwood, of Philadelphia, gone home,
who knew the figures paid by the Government
for stamped envelopes, and also what various
gentlemen engaged m that business would fur-
nish these envelopes for if they had an oppor-
tunity; but the opportunity has not been granted
to them for the two last years.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
tel! the committee whether he got his inform-
ation from Mr.Lockwood, of Philadelphia?
Mr. ELAl. 1 will state this, that Mr. Lock-
wood, of Philadelphia, wrote to me that there
was something covered up beneath this matter,
aul that one of the parlies from Philadelphia
would be ill this city and confer with me and
giv«. me infocmaston; upon tbairnatter ; and
the information which 1 received from hiw,
made out in-detaiUsbowS tb&t theGovercrnent
to-day, uadecone of these sponging operations,
an? | yragtwieeas rauch-fcr steWBjjed envelopes
as'therfi is any necessity for their doing.
■ Mt. SHAMAN- I rise merely to oppose
the amendment, and to call a vote. ' -•
• ' '1 'be O H A1IIM A N. Dehftte upon the pend-
ing amendment ia exhausted. . ■ • : ' -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. J move ta amend
the amendment- striking out the last woi'd,
•and I. wish to say, in reply to the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Sua,] that so fer
as the con tract for stamps and stamped envel-
opes ia concerned,-if he will take the trouble
to go to the Post Offiee Department and look
at the specimens of stamps sewl there by
ditt'ferent parties, he would become entirely
satisfied, as I have done, that the course
adopted by the Department of accepting the
bid they accepted was the proper course; >' I
think any gentleman in this House who will
take: that trouble, and look at the specimens
furnished by the different engravers, the sev-
eral bank-note engraving companies of. New
York, aad parties in Philadelphia and Cincin-
nati who put in bids, would become satisfied
that the Department could not have taken any
other course than it did take in reference to
this particular business.
Mr. ELA. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man whether anything more was required of
these parties putting in bids- than to futfeish
samples of engraving, not prepared stamps for
use; whether the contract was not given upon
samples of. engraving, and. not upon actual
.stamps ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not say that
the Department required that the parties bid-
ding should furnish stamps. I spoke of the
specimens which are always required by the
Departmentfrom persons bidding. Bidders are
required to furnish specimens of their engrav-
ing as the standard of their bid, so that the
Department may be in possession of samples
of what the parties intend to furnish under
their several bids. That is all that is usually
required; it is all that was required in this
case. These specimens are all in the Depart-
ment. If the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Ela] or any other gentleman making
similar assertions would take the trouble that
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads have taken to examine these things he
would not make such statements. I do not
make these remarks with any particular refer-
ence to anybody in the Department; but I
oppose these amendments because they are cal-
culated to hapiper and embarrass the Post Offiee
Department for the nest fiscal year. My friend
from New Hampshire will rerirember that any
such amendments which we may incorporate in
this bill will not operate as a restriction upon
Mr. Randall, the present head of the Post Offiee
Department. In this bill we are making ap-
propriations for the next fiscal year; and these
amendments will simply embarrass the incom-
ing Administration, and render it necessary for
us to make additional appropriations in a de-
ficiency bill during the next Congress.
Mr. ELA. I only wish to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Far^sworth.J
that Executive Document No. 33, third session
Fortieth Congress, which I hold in my hand,
shows the action of the Post Office Depart-
ment in regard to this matter. It shows that
while the men to whom this contract was given
bid twenty-seven cents per thousand, the Post-
master General ordered the contract to be made
at twenty-five cents per thousand, a different
sum from that named in any of the bids. One
of the best parties in the country for the ex- ,
cellence of his work offered to furnish these
stamps at eighteen cents per thousand; aud
Butler & Carpente#, of Philadelphia, as good
workmen as any in the country in this branch
of business, offered to furnish such stomps as
the Department was using for seventeen cents
per thousand, The Postmaster General, hove-
