<1450
.ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
ever, ordered the contract to be made, at
twenty-five cents per thousand, a different rate
from that named in the bid of anybody.
Mr. DICKEY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire how his amendment will
affect the existing contract? Will it vacate that
contract? Can we, by adopting his amendment,
get rid of the contract?
Mr. ELA. I-n the first place, only $891,000
of the $400,000 were expended for these mat-
ters during- the last year. If the Post Office
.Department would procure th'esearticles at the
•r tes for which they could be procured undera
fair contract they would not cost $400,000. 1
- Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
•from New Hampshire a question. There being
no limit to the amount of postage stamps and
•envelopes for which the Department may con-
tract, how will the cutting down of this appro-
priation affect any of these contracts? The
Department would simply buy so many stamps
and envelopes as the appropriation would
allow and if the appropriation were reduced
the Department would simply have so many
less to sell.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Chairman r
Mr. SPALDING. I object to further debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this amend-
ment is exhausted.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ela; there were—ayes 41, noes 49 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ela and Mr.
Lynch were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 59, noes 63.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELKER. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the pending paragraph the following:
Provided, That the famishing of said stamps shall
bo given to the lowest responsible bidder, after rea-
sonable notice to be given by the Department.
Mr. SPALDING. I raise the point of order
tliut that is independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendments not in order.
The Cleric read as follows:
"For mail depredations and spocial agents, $118,350.
Mr. BEAMAN. T move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out all after the
word "agents," and inserting in lieu thereof
tliii following:
Eighty-two thousand dollars; and no greater sum
shall bo paid to euch special agents than is herein
provided.
Mr. Chairman, during the last fiscal year
there were employed by the Department forty-
nine special agents, a much larger number than
the interests of the service require.
It may bo proper to call the attention of the
House to the changes which have been made,
or rather the increase made from time to time
in thenumberof these special agents. In 18G1
thero werc twenty-two agents ; in 1863, twenty-
six ; in 18(35, thirty-three ; in 1867, forty-two ;
and in 1808, forty-nine. Now the Committee
on Appropriations have reported here in their
amendment an appropriation sufficient for the
payment of thirty special agents, which num-
ber we are satisfied is all that is needed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I only rise for the purpose
f asking a question. I wish the gentleman
from Michigan would inform the House what
is the precise meaning of those words "for
mail depredations." What special use is this
appropriation to be devoted to?
Mr. BEAMAN. I will refer the gentleman
to the Post Office Department. That seems
to be a technical expression adopted by the
Department, whether grammatical or not.
Mr. PAINE. I want to know what is the
meaning of those words?
Mr. BEAMAN, I will tell you what it means.
It. means agents employed? for the purpose of
detecting frauds.
Mr. SPALDING, I move to insert the word
"detecting" before £i mail depredations."
The ameudment was agreed to.
Mr, PAINE. I move to insert "and pre-
venting so it will then read:
For detecting and preventing mail depredations,
and for special agents, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
3?or mail-bags and mail-bag "catchers, $30,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to increase
that appropriation to $130,000. The.printed
estimates leave it as it is reported by the com-
mittee in'this bill. I find that it is a mistake
of the printer, and I will send to the Clerk's
desk to be read a letter from the Third Assist-
ant Postmaster General which 1 have just re-
ceived, with a copy of the estimates which it
will not be necessary to read. The letter will
show that the mistake is with the printer and
not with the Committee on Appropriations or
the Department.
The Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Department,
Finance Office, February 22,1869.
Sib : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a letter of the Postmaster General addressed to the
honorable Speaker of the House of Representatives,
on the 12th of December last, submitting the esti-
mates of this Department for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870, by which it will f>e seen that there is a
difference of $100,000 in the item "for mail-bags and
mail-bag catchers," and a difference of $i0,000 in the
item "for mail-locks, keys, and stamps," as compared
with thi^bill reported from fcho Committee on Ap-
propriations. 'i'ho sum required for the item first
above named, as you will obsorve. is $130,000, and
the other, #37,000, while the committee have re-
ported but " $30,000 " and "S27.000" respectively.
I have thohonor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
A. N. ZEVELY,
Third Amistant Posiiaahter General.
Hon. John T. Farnsworth, Chairman of Committee
on Pout Offices, itc„ House of Representatives.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have here a sched-
ule showing the amount expended annually for
mail-bags for the last twenty years. If neces-
sary I can have it read.
Mr. BEAMAN. With that explanation I
have no objection to the gentleman's amend-
ment. The Committee on Appropriations drew
the bill on the printed estimates, and the mis-
take was evidently made by the printer.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope it will be reduced
to $120,000.
Mr. ELA. It was only $114,000 last year,
and I move to make it $120,000, which is
$G,000 more than the appropriation for last
year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I accept that.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For mail-loclts, keys, and stamps, $27,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is a mistake
of the printerhere also. It should be $37,000,
and I move that it be increased to that sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For miscellaneous payments, including payment
of balances to foreign countries, $875,000.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to strike out
$875,000 and insert $250,000. It is only
necessary to say that 1 was informed at the
Post Office Department that there was a mis-
take in the estimate, and that the amount
reported is not actually required.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For steamship servioe between San Francisco and
the bandwich Islands, 875,000.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move the following
amendment:
For land service between Fort Abercrombie, in the
Territory of Dakota, and Helena, in the Territory of
Montana, $194,000.
Mr. BEAMAN. I raise the point of order
that this matter has already been disposed of
in the following provision in an earlier part of
the bill:
Provided, That no part of said sum shall be paid
for inland transportation between Fort Abercrombie
and Helena.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that this
is not- the proper place for this amendment.
We are now on that part of the bill appropri-
ating money out of (he Treasury. The fore-
part of the bill would have been the proper
place, as that is appropriation of money out
of the revenues of the Post Office Department,
while this second section of the bill, that we
are now considering, appropriates money out
of the Treasury for the purpose of carrying out
existing law wherein the Government has
undertaken to pay those subsidies. :
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I will answer the gen-
tleman from Illinois by reference to a joint res-
oiution of Congress passed in July last, for
which the gentleman himself voted. I find in
the Postmaster General's report for the year
1868 the following:
"At the last session of Congress a resolution waa
adopted as follows:
ResolvedK&e„ That the Postmaster General is
hereby authorized tochange the character of the mail
service from Fort Abercrombie, Dakota Territory, to
Helena, Montana Territory, to post-coach service.'
"No service existed on the route, at the date of this
resolution, and the resolution is not mandatory in its
terms, hut considering it as indicating that fhelegis-
lative will required that the mail should be oarried,
and on post-coaches, a;nd_ acting on the supposition
that a special appropriation would be made to meet
the expense, an advertisement was issued July 28,
1868,Inviting,proposals for service from January 1,
1869, to June 30,1872, threetimes a week, in four-
horse post-coaches. The lowest bid received was that
of Leech, Piper k Montgomery, of Kittaning, Penn-
sylvania, at $194,000 per annum, which was accepted
October 2,1868, and contracts have since been exe-
cuted."
I desire to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] particularly
to this fact: here is a contract existing he-
tween the Post Office Department and a party
who was executing that contract last October.
Now, "all I ask is that the House shall make
the necessary appropriation to carry out that
contract in good faith.
Furthermore, I desire to show that if there is
any Territory in this Union that is entitled to
mail service it is the Territory of Montana.
Let me give the figures from the Postmaster
General's report for the year ending June 30,
1867. His report shows that of all the States
in the Union the only ones thatpay the expenses
and leave a revenue for the Government, over
and above the expenditures, are the States of
Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, Michigan, and Illi-
nois.
These are all the States in the Union that
support the mail service in their several terri-
tories and pay a surplus into the Treasury.
Now, the only Territory of this Union that paid
a surplus over the cost of its mail service for
that year was Montana, which paid into the
Treasury a surplus of $806 12. Neither the
States of Wisconsin, Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa,
Nevada, California, or Oregon, nor the Terri-
tories of Utah, Idaho, Washington, or Dakota,
which surround the Territory of Montana, paid
any surplus whatever. Montana alone stands in
that category of all the Territories and a large
majority of the States.
Mr. SPALDING. How much did shepay?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Three hundred and
six dollars and twelve cents.
Mr. SPALDING. And you want in lieu of
that one hundred and odd thousand dollars 
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Not in lieu of it. I
will answer the gentleman.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BEAMAN- Mr. Chairman, I desire to
call the attention of the committee to the facts
in reference to this proposition. In July, 18GS,
there was a provision existing for the carrying
of a mail over this route which is named by
the gentleman from Montana. It was carried,
I believe, ou horseback, but it was found that,
owing to the condition of the country through
which it passed it was impossible to perform
the service there ; in fact, a considerable por-
tion of the route was infested by Indians. I
believe that the Secretary of the Interior called
upon the Postmaster General and asked h im to
take the service off the route, audit was taken
oft. In July, 1868, if I recollect aright, ther6
