1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
2-75
Representative Reform—Report.
to exclude the direct action of Congress in the
formation of districts. It is hardly necessary
to add that the adoption of the free vote for
the choice of electors would avoid this and
all fimilar questions of debate.
The committee refer to the paper upon elect-
oral colleges prepared by Colonel Wheeler, of
the Treasury Department, and appended to
this report, for interesting information upon
the subject of presidential elections and for
timely suggestions on the question of reform.
CONCLUSION.
The committee must now conclude their ex-
amination of a most important subject. They
have not been able, on account of the pressure
of other duties, to fill up completely the argu-
ment in fiivor of the free vote or to answer in
•form the possible objections which may be
made to its adoption. But they have endeav-
ored to present fairly the main arguments
which should weigh with Congress and with
the people in its favor, and by due explanation
of its purpose and character to vindicate it
against misconception and, cavil. As to the
objections which may be made that it would
deiocalize representation, that it would intro-
duce some degree of confusion, that it would
decrease political activity, and that it is opposed
to the doctrine that the majority shall rule,
they must content themselves with declaring
that in their opinion none of these objections
are well taken or well suited to undergo debate,
and that they were thoroughly answered in the
two houses of Parliament in 1867. The last
one in particular is preposterous, for it is one
of the main merits of reformed voting that it
will secure the true rule of the majority and
.give to it a sanction it does not now possess.
,The whole mass of the electoral population
being represented by reformed voting in the
representative body the vote will be there taken
upon any question in controversy and the voice
of the majority duly pronounced ; but at pres-
ent minority rule may obtain, for in the first
place all minorities in popular elections are
struck out of the returns, and next the mi-
nority vote in the representative body is over-
ruled when a decision is there made, so that
we have, in fact, the rale of a majority of a
majority, which very likely represents only a
minority among the people, particularly when
a plurality "rule is applied to the popular
elections.
■ The argument for reform maybe summed up
in a few words. By it we will obtain cheap
elections, just representation, and contentment
among the people; by it we will also secure
able men in the people's House; by it our
political system will be invigorated and puri-
fied; by it our country will "takeabond of the
future" that our Government shall be a bless-
ing and nota curse; thatour prosperity shall be
enduring; that our free institutions "shall not
perish from the face of the earth."
Senate Bill No. 722.—(Fortieth Congress,
Third Session.)
In the Senate of the Ukited States,
; ' January 13, 1869.
Mr. Buokai.ew asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill enti-
tled "A bill to amend the representation of
the people in Congresswhich was read twice,
and referred to a select committee, consisting
of Messrs. BtrcKALEW, Anthony, Ferrt, Moa-
toh, Warner, Bice, and Wade.
March 2, 1869.
Mr. Wade, from the select Committee on
Representative Reform, reported the bill with-
out amendment, as follows:
A bill to amend the representation of tho people in
Senate.
tBe it enacted by the Senate and Home of Reyresenta-
frtfes of the United State* of America in Congress cissem-
bl&l, That in elections for the choice of Represent-
atives. to the Congress of the United States, whenever
more than one Representative is to bo chosen from
a, State, each elector of such State, duly qualified,
shall be entitled to a number of votes equal to the
number of Representatives to be chosen from the
Mate, and may give all such votes to one candidate,
or may distribute them, equally or unequally, among
a greater number of candidates; and the candidates
elected m V°te UP°n the refcarn shaI1 be declared
APPENDIX.
It has been thought proper and is found con -
venient to place in an appendix various cita-
tions of authority in favor of representative re-
form from parliamentary debates and from the
writings of English authors. These evidences
of the progress of thought abroad upon one of
the most important and' interesting questions
which relate to representative government it
is believed are worthy the attention of both
statesman and citizen in this country—of all
who desire the progress and improvement of
free institutions and a satisfactory issue to our
great experiment of democratic government.
A few general observations may fitly precede
what follows. In the first place it is to be
remarked that reform in Parliament as secured
in 1867, in regard to the mode of popular vot-
ing. broke through the lines of party and was
obtained independent of party support.
In both houses of Parliament Whigs and
Tories, Liberals and Conservatives, Independ-
ent and Radical members, were found together
in support of an amendment which was intended
to do justice to the people and improve the
representatiye body. In the upper house of
Parliament in fact the opposition became at
last narrowed almost to the ministry and their
immediate dependents—a fact which induced
the chief minister of the Crown in the lower
house to abandon the opposition which he had
at first proclaimed. In this country also the
question of reform in the manner of popular
voting is not one of a party character, and can-
not be made such. It appeals to all good citi-
zens and to all thoughtful men, in whatever
political organization they may be found, and
demands of them an independent and patriotic
support. ^ Already men of different opinions
upon ordinary questions of party, and others
of independent views, have stood forward
among us as urgent advocates of reform. Of
these, outside of Congress, honorable mention
is to be made of Mr. J, Francis Fisher, Mr.
Greeley, Mr. D. G. Croly, and Mr. Samuel
Stern. Mr. Greeley's proposition in the New
York constitutional convention of 1867, for the
division oi his State into fifteen senatorial dis-
tricts, each of which should ele'et three sen-
ators upon the principle of the cumulative vote,
was one of much merit, and will deserve upon
some future occasion to be revived, and will
also deserve to be imitated in other States.
ARGUMENTS IN PARLIAMENT.
In the House of Commons, July 4, 1867,
Right Hon, Robert Lowe, on moving his amend-
ment for the cumulative vote to the reform bill,
addressed the house at length. He said:
"That he must not be understood as coming for-
ward to argue for any protection to the minority,"
* * * * " but between themcmbersof the
constituency there should be absolute equality; the
majority should have nothing given to it because it
was a majority; the minority should have nothing
taken away from it." * * * * "Let
each voter have an equal number of votes not de-
pendent upon the use he makes of them ; let him be
at liberty to dispose of them as he likes." * *
* * "The tendency of the present system was
to make that stronger which was already strong, and
that weaker which was already weak. By an arbi-
trary and unreasonable rulo it strengthened the ma-
jority ; by the same arbitrary and unreasonable rule
it weakened the minority. On abstract justice, there-
fore, the present rule could notbe maintained. The
proper way to alter it was to give each clector as
many votes as there were vacancics, andleaee him
absolutely fieo to dispose of them as he pleased—to
give all to one person, one to each of three, or two to
one.aud one to another. By that means they would
be doing nothing unju&t or unfair to the majority
or to the minority. They would be merely putting
them on a level, and leaving them on perfectly fair
ground. That was the abstract argument, iheie
were different waysby which theend might be accom-
plished. Some proposed to give only a single vote
to each elector; others recommended that when there
wore three candidates each elector should have two
votes. He preferred to give eaeli elector three votes.
aR?r£!1(nv,!.nm.t0 dispose of them as he pleased.
ihe objection to the two first proposals was that
they would operate in the way oi disfYanch^emcnt,
and would take away something people already
possessed; because on the supposition that there
were three candidates they had already three votes,
ihe system he proposed had greater flexibility and
better adapts itself to the general purposes of elec-
tions." * *_ * * "They would find lhat
in this way opinion in constituencies would ripen.
Opinion m that House would ripen to changes, and
the House would becomc a moro delicate reflex of
the opinions of the constituencies. The existence of
sucha system of gradual growth, not only of opinion
but m the representation of opinion, would, to a
great extent, prevent the necessity of external agita-
tion, and be a great discouragement to it. There was
nothing more worthv of the attention of statesmen
ill the new stato of affairs than anything which would
have the tendency to prevent.thafc violent oscillation
which they now witnessed. ^ What happened in the
United States ? The minority of thousands might as
well not exist at all. It is absolutely ignored. Was
their country (England) in like manner to be formed
into two hostile camps, debarred from each other in
two solid and compact bodies? Or were they to have
that shading off of opinion, that modulation of ex-
tremes and mellowing and ripening of right princi-
ples which are among the surest characteristics of a
free country, the true secrets of political dynamics
and the true preservatives of a great nation? He
said then that what he proposed to the house was in
itself just, equal, and fair, founded on no undue or
unfair attempt to give a minority an advantage they
were not entitled to exercise, and that it was pecu-
liarly applicable to the state of things on which they
were entering." *..*.* * "He might
justly add that the principle of tho amendment was
large enough to include boroughs returning two
members as well as those which had three, and if
it were worth while he was prepared to contend that
upon abstract principle it oueht to be applied to
both classes ot boroughs."—183 Banmrd's Parlia-
mentary Debates, 3d series, pp. 1037-41.
In the House of Lords, July 30, 18G7, Lord
Cairns spoke at length in support of his amend-
ment for representation of minorities in threc-
membered constituencies. He said he would
state the advantages of the system lie had
proposed:
''These must obviously be looked at from three
points of view—the advantages to the general legis-
lation of tho country, the advantages to the members
who would be selected under an arrangement of this
kind, and the advantages to the constituencies them-
selves. Now, with regard to the legislature tho ad-
vantages which I think would be gained by this sys-
tem would be these: you would obtain in the persons
of those who would be the representatives of the
minority in theselarge constituencies a body of men
of great intelligence and of great independence;
you would have those elements of advantage which
existin the representation of small boroughs, and at
tho samo time you would be perfectly free from the
disadvantages and defects of the small borough sj's-
tem." * * * * "Questions are con-
stantly arising which in ono aspect are questions of
general political interest, but which are more or less
connected with local interests, and bear upon local
claims; and thus a question which, in a general
point of view, is of political interest to the whole
country is sometimes colored and affected in many
ways by tho way in which it is viewed in different
localities. No doubt, in discussing general questions
ofpoliticalinterest.it would beof tho greatest pos-
sible advantage to hear how those questions were
viewed not merely by different locali ties but by differ-
ent bodies of men iu the same locality. Thatresultyou
would obtain by the plan which I propose." * *
* * 44I will pass to the consideration of the
advantages which would be gained by the represent-
atives of those large constituencies themselves."
* * * * " You would have from the same
constituency two members representing the majority
and one representing the minority, communicating
freely with each other, and without the slightest
tinge of jealousy or apprehension that the interests
of one would jar or conflict with the interests of the
other in the constituency." * * * * *
44 Again, With regard to the constituency itself—
and this is one of the most important views of tho
case—observe the advantages which would be gained:
first, I believe you would gain the greatest possible
local satisfaction; there is nothing so irksome to
those who form the minority of one of those large
constituencies as finding that from the mere force of
numbers they are virtually excluded from the exer-
cise of any political power; that it is vain for them
to attempt to take any part in public affairs; that
the elections must go in ono direction, and that they
have no political power whatever. On the one hand
the result is great dissatisfaction, and on the other
it is disinclination on the part of these who Jorm the
minority to take any part m affairs in which it is
important they should take a prominent and con-
spicuous part " * ■" * '• "In addition
to that, it would do much to soften the asperitiesof
political feeling which sometimes, though uot otten,
prevails in large constituencies." * * * *
" Of this I am sure, (and although some treat it us^n
objection I think it a great advantage of tbescheme,)
that contests would be very much diminished in
large constituencies where contests are most expen-
