1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to insert the words
" property of" before " said road," so that the
language may correspond with that of the suc-
ceeding portion of the section.
] he PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made.
Mr. FESSENDBN. Then there must be
another change. It now reads " upon the
property of said road and its stockholders."
You do not mean the property of the stock-
holders except the stock ?
Mr. WILLI AMS. The property of the road
and its stockholders.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Say "upon the prop-
erty of said road and upofi its stockholders."
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well.
Mr. EDMONDS. Let us hear the section
read as it will stavd if amended.
The Chikf Clerk. If amended as proposed,
the twelfth section will read :
That tho snid line of railway, with the ferries,
ciossings, bridges, and roadway heieby authorized
to be constructed, shall be deemed and considered a
national highway and post road, and no tax or tran-
sit duty shall be imposed by virtue of any State au-
thority upon tho tratfie of said company, its freight
or pnssene- rs; but other taxes may be levied upon
the pioperty of said road and upon its stockholders
in the same manner and to the same extent as taxes
aie levied by the laws of said State upon tho prop-
erly and upon the stockholders of all other roads
constructed in said State under the laws thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
bill by inserting after the word "empowered,"
in line two of section eight, the words "with
the consent of the Legislature of the State or
States through which said railway may be
located;" so as to make the section read:
That said corporation is hereby empowered, with
tho consent of the Legislature of the State or Stales
thiough which said railway may be located, to pur-
chase, lease, rcceive, and hold real estate, kc.
Mr. President, this raises a very important
question, peihaps raises a question which opens
up for discussion one of the main points in the
bill, the power to create this corporation. I
had intended to address the Senate on the sub-
ject of this bili, and especially upon this branch
of the question; bat I am not prepared to go
on this evening aud to complete what I desire
to say on the subject without detaining the
Senate longer, perhaps, than they would desire
to wait to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will give
wav 1 will move an adjournment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot get on if we
are to adjourn at half past three o'clock daily.
Peihaps some other Senator may desire to go
on. It will not do to be adjourning at ball'
past three o'clock at this period of the session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is getting toward four
o'clock, and it is not often that such a privilege
is asked.
Mr. WILSON. If Senators will allow me,
I desire to take up a House bill which is on
the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn is pending.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
other business being done if this subject is to
stand over until to-morrow and I can then
have the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate is disposed
to allow this bill to stand as the unfinished
uusiness I shall not interpose any objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that the
Honorable Senator from West Virginia [Mr.
Willby] desires to offer an amendment and
to address the Senate at this time. I will,
therefore, withdraw my amendment, and give
notice that i shall renew it to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr EDMUNDS. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to submit an
amendment to which I think there will be no
objection. After the word "Massachusetts,"
at the end of the twelfth line of the first sec-
tion, I move to insert as corporators " E. B.
Mart.indale and William H. Terrell, of Indi-
ana."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the fourth line of the
first section I move to strike out the name of
"J. Edgar Thompson" and insert " G. Daw-
son Coleman."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. In line nine of the first section
I move to insert among the corporators from
New York the name of " Hiram Walbridge."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, this bill in-
volves a principle of the highest importance.
The question of constitutional power to pass it
demands the closest scrutiny and the most
careful consideration. I confess that my mind
is not free from doubt. I shall reserve a final
decision on the question of power until it be-
comes indispensable to decide it. On the other
hand, as it regards the advantage, and, indeed,
necessity of convenient railroad connections
with the capital of the nation, none can doubt.
Until this day since the seat of Government
was established here three fourths of the nation
have been without railroad communication with
its capital excepting by one route, possessing,
until within a year, but a single track. It was
but natural that the adjacent States, in build-
ing up their own cities and sections, should
employ their capital and conform their legis-
lation so as best to accomplish that purpose.
It would have been expecting too much to sup-
pose that they would seek to build up and im-
prove a rival city outside of their jurisdiction
and beyond the reach of their right of taxation.
While, therefore, it is wonderful that the capi-
tal of the nation has remained so long without
convenient railroad connections, it is not a
matter of surprise, or, indeed, I think, of just
complaint, that the States of Maryland and
Virginia have not made them.
Under these circumstances is it possible that
under the Constitution of this great country
there is no rightful and legal power or author-
ity of establishing and building or of author-
izing the establishment and construction of the
necessary and convenient means of access to
its capital? May the citizens of the States
respectively travel by rail to their capitals and
the people of the nation be without the power
to furnish the same facilities to reach the na-
tional capital? Have we 110 power to provide
the means of military supplies and defense to
the national capital furnished by railways, to
say nothing of commercial and postal consid-
erations ? Perhaps it maybe so. The argu-
ments and authority of men learned in the law
create some doubt in my mind. I defer a final
decision on this point for the present. Perhaps
I may have something to say in relation to this
question during the further progress of the
discussion.
1 rise now to offer an amendment to the bill.
If we aie to enter upon the project of charter-
ing companies to make railroads to and from
this city, I think I can propose a route not in-
cluded in the bill of equal necessity and import-
ance with any of those which are proposed. I
think I can show to the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] and to the Senate that it is
possible, by making a road of less than one
hundred miles in length, dircct railway com-
munication can be opened between this city
and the valley of the Mississippi, in the direc-
tion of Cincinnati, St. Louis, and the Pacific
coast, by a nearer and better route than any j
other now known. |
Before offering the amendment, however, I j
beg leave to submit a few preliminary remarks, j
in order that the amendment when submitted
may be understood and appreciated. I now
merely state that 1 propose that a company
shall be chartered to construct a railroad from
Washington city to the Chesapeake and Ohio j
railroad, at or near Staunton, in Virginia. j
Mr. President, the termini of the Chesa- j
peake and Ohio railroad are Richmond, in
Virginia, and the mouth of the Big Sandy, on
the Ohio river. The whole distance by this
route between these points is four hundred and
five iniles. It has already been made, and is
equipped and in operation from Richmond to
Covington, a distance of two hundred and five
miles; and some of the heaviest work on it,
west of Covington, has been done, and meas-
ures have been adopted which will, in all prob-
ability, secure its completion to the Ohio river
in the course of two or three years. This road
passes up the valley of the Jaines river, through
Charlottesville, through the Shenandoah valley,
by the way of Staunton in Virginia, and by the
celebrated While Sulphur and other little" less
celebrated mineral springs, and by the salines
in the Kanawha valley, in West Virginia. It
contemplates making a branch from the mouth
of Scary, on the Kanawha river, where it leaves
the valley of the Kanawha river in its course
toward its terminus at the mouth of the Big
Sandv ; it proposes, I say, to make a branch
from this point down the Great Kanawha, to
its mouth, at Point Pleasant, a distance of
forty-five miles, and there, crossing the Ohio
river, it will pass through the State of Ohio
only twenty-eight miles to form a connection
with the Marietta and Cincinnati railroad.
From Richmond, its eastern terminus, a rail-
road is already made and is now in successful
operation to Norfolk, a distance of one hun-
dred miles, making the distance from Norfolk
to the Ohio at the mouth of the Big Sandy bj
this route five hundred and five miles, and
several miles less to the mouth of the Great
Kanawha. Prior to the rebellion there was
also made and in operation from Richmond to
a place called West Point, on York river, a
railroad of only some forty miles in length,
making the distance from the Ohio to the
Chesapeake only about four hundred and thirty
or four hundred and forty miles. Another line
has been surveyed with a fair prospect of there
being a road built on it from Richmond to
NewportNews, adistance of seventy-five miles,
thus affording three outlets by rail from Rich-
mond to the Chesapeake and the Atlantic
ocean. At Norfolk the harbor is unsurpassed
by any along this continent. Its depth of
water is twenty-eight feet, one foot deeper than
the harbor at New York. There are also ex-
cellent harbors at West Point and Newport
News, the former twenty-one and the latter
twenty-two feet in depth.
Now, I wish Senators would refer to the
maps of the country. If they will do so they
will perceive that this Chesapeake and Ohio
road, with its connections, which I have just
named, with the Chesapeake bay and the ocean,
lies on an almost direct line from the mouth
of the Chesapeake bay, the center of the At-
lantic coast, toward Cincinnati, St. Louis, and
the eastern termini of the Pacific railways.
It lies along a parallel midway between the
rigors of a northern climate, so embarrassing
to railroad operations in the winter time, and
the humid and heated atmosphere of the lower
southern latitudes, so apt to spoil so many arti-
cles of trade and commerce during the course
of transportation. This road can never be
seriously affected by the one or the other of
these besetments of cheap, safe, and comfort-
able travel and transportation. It must be
apparent, too, from a mere inspection of the
map, that when our system of Pacific railways
is completed, and the commerce of the East
is crossing our continent, as it will be in a few
years on its passage to Europe, it must pass
over this road and be deposited along the shores
ot' Virginia to await the demands of the world's
commercial marine. It must be no less appa-
rent, that a large proportion of the trade and
travel of the great Mississippi valley, seeking
an eastern outlet to the sea-ports of the Atlantic,
will select this route. Various considerations
justify such a conclusion. First, look at the
distances between the great cities of the West
and the Atlantic ocean by this route as com-
pared with other routes. I have before me a
