1869..
rm c© mmmsnku m,&m.
tttl
was a joint resolution passed 'providing for a
change of the service into coach service, but
in point of fact there is no service being per-
formed there at this time. Since that time
there lias been a contract entered into by the"
Department, but it has been found impossible,
or, if not impossible, at all events inexpedient,
to enforce the contract, and there hag been no
service whatever rendered tinder the contract.
'1 lie gentle roan* says that they ought 'to have
the ttd van (ages of mail communication in Mon-
tana. It is,proper tljiat the committee should
understand tiiat this route is nine hundred
milts long,.or thereabouts, and that there is ;
no population on the entire route excepting at !
foits, and I believe at one place there is a very ;
small settlement. Now, a much quicker route
and a much more convenient way of getting
the mails to Mont&n&ls by the overland route,
and there seema to be no sort of necessity what-
ever of making this appropriation. In'fact, it
is just throwing away so much money. 1 hope
the amendment will not be adopted. -
Mr. WELKEfi. I want to -ask the gentle-
man from Michigan.whether this amendment
proposed by.the gentleman from Montana was
before the Committee ,on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and whether they investigated the
application made for this appropriation and
decided that it was not necessary?
Mr. BEAMAN. In answer" to the gentle-
man I will make this statement. It will be
observed, by looking at the second page, that
the bill contains the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of said sum shall be paid
for inland transportation between Fort Abercrombie
and Helena.
It was upon that ground that I raised the
point of order that the amendment was not in
order at this time.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if it is not the opinion of the Post Office
Department that we had better not make an
appropriation of this kind?
Mr. BEAMAN. Yes, sir. ' •
Mr. SPALDING. We need not'hesitate
about this. The Post Office Department inform
us that we had better not make this appropria-
tion.
Mr. WINDOM. I move toamend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount four dollars. • "As
I understand the statement of the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Beamas,] there is aeon-
tract for the performance of this service. He
states that that contract was not executed dur-
ing the last summer. I believe, if I am cor^
rectly informed upon the subject, that the chief
reason why the parties did not enter upon the
performance of that contract was that they did
not get as good a speculation on it as they sup-
posed they had ; that for once the Government
has got a contract on reasonable terms, and
that the contracting parties themselves are the
moving spirits in preventing an appropriation
so that they may get rid of a disagreeable con-
tract.
Now\ Mr. Chairman, as these parties have
given good security, as I understand, for the
performance of this service, and I believe it is
needed for the country, I am in favor of requir-
ing them to perform it even if they do not make
a large amount of money out of it. I now
vield the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from Montana, [Mr. CiVAXAron.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH.. I thank the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Wi2?dom] tor his
courtesy. In answer to the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Beamas] who has charge of this
bill, that there is no need for this service, that
it will benefit nobody, I will say that if he had
examined carefully the map of the country he
would have seen that this, route would have
affoided the people of Minnesota, of Dakota, ot
Montana, of western Oregon, northern Idaho,
aud western Washington Territory greater facili-
ties than can possibly he afforded them now.
The gentleman says that we now receive our
mails by Wells, Pargo & Co. and the Union 1 a*
cifie railway. It is true that we do receive oar
mails in that way, but it takes thirteen days to
carry the mails from here to Helena, whereas
by the other route H can be done-inside of nine
days. ' < "
There is no doubt' that the country there wa;;
infested by Indians. So is the route- of -the;
Pacific railroad, and so is every mail route in
the extreme West. In Idaho, Washington
Oregon, and Colorado every year thfere are 'In-
diana who.commit raids upon the m&iljroufts.
Will.the gentleman ft iitl^;re^0,n.©bjee!t that
we shall have mail facilitiest here? . ,.;j
In reply to the gentleman iroia, Ohio,..[Mr.
SpaiJdikg,] I will say that I do nofcaskfor this
appropriation, because we pay into the Treas-
ury a sum exceeding our expenditures, .but
upon the broader ground,.that every facility-
possible should be,afforded ,to the people of.
the United States for mail purposes as the
cheapest investment the Government can make
considering the large interest the Government
will receive. • .But let ns see how Ohio stands
upon this subject. The great State of Ohio
stands charged to the Governtrieat the sum of
$4,477 48 over the;r§ceiptsto;the Government
front-that State. .Wh<>n the great imperial
State of Ohio and the great States of Wiscon-
sin and Iowa- and the younger States of-Ne-
braska., Kansas, and Nevada will show, upon
the credit side of the ledger a proper balance
in their favor, then the Representative from the
State of -Ohio, ma,y reasonably find fault with
me for asking this amount for the Territory ot
Montana,
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. Aud with a view to i
show something of what is the condition of the
country through which this mja.il route is pro-
posed to be established, I send to the Clerk
and ask to have read at) extract I have marked
in the. report, of the Postmaster General for
18P7 ; and I will add that we have no evidence
that the condition of affairs in that country
has improved since this report was made.
The Clerk read as follows:
"With the view of affording more direct mail com-
munication between Chicago. Saint Paul, and other
important points and the territories of Montana,
Idaho, and Washington, -route No. 13811, from Fort
Abercrombie to Helena, was advertised for the spring
letting of 18®, and duly awardfed to eontract, for a
tbree-times-a-week service, to the lowest bidders.
By this route it was claimed six hundred miles m
distance would be saved between Chicago and Helena
as compared with themore indirect o.ne viaSalt-iiake
City. Unfortunately, however, both for the com-
munities interested and the contractors, the Indian
hostilities have been so fierce and -unrelenting on
nearly the whole line, with not even an attempt at
military protection, that what little mail matter was
trusted to it lias been conv-eyed by ponies, traveling
over some portions of the route only at night; and,
therefore, instead ot shortening the time between tue
noints muned it has been more than doubled, Ahe
service as now performed on the route is of no value
to the Department, and unless a marked improve-
ment shall take place by spring it will be discon-
tinued."
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Wisdom to the amendment of Mr. Cava-
saugh. „ ,
Mr. WINDOM. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The Question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Oaya^aogh: and being taken, it was
not agreed," to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tor supplying deficiency in tho revenues of the
Post Office Department' lor the fiscal year ending
June 30,,1870, $5,740,900.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph just read -and inserting
iu lieu thereof the following as a new section;
And be it further enacted. That if the revenues of
the Post Office Department shall be insufficient to
' meet the appropriations named in the foregoing sec-
1 Hon' then the sum of $4,771,153. or so much thereof
as mav be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, ap-
Dropriated, to be paid out of any money m the li sas-
uw not otherwiso appropriated, to supply deficit-!!-
des In the r^nae of the® Post Office Departments
tho year ending June SO, 18,0.
Mr 13T.A. I move to amend the amend-
ment'bv striking out "four" and inserting
" three"" so that the amount of the appropria-
tion will be $3,771,153. In connection with
this amendment I desire to make some inquir-
ies of the gentleman who has charge or this
bl l' find that the expenses of the Post Office
t>ep«u iaeot -4 r tW lost year, which .I think
will be found to have he on extravagant beyond
aii precedent, were less (Shan twenty-three fail-
lieti dollars ^ yetl fittdiiy thfe note appended
to this bill that the amount it appropri-
ates for this Department is -something .over
thirty million' doHara; I would like •• to know
what reason there is in the necessities of the
service foran increase of "the appropriations
in all the different items, besides an appropri-'
ation of sueh Magnitude?to cover deficiencies
in the service forthe present fiscal year. In
the beginning of the bill -more than a million
and a half dollate is added for the single
item of mail transportation 4 while.it. seems to
me that under any proper system of reletting
the-prices for mail services' daring' the next
fiscal year should be reduced, owing to the
decline of prices affecting almost everything
required in this service.. Take, for instance,
the overland mail route, which has been let to
Wells, Fargo k Co. forthe sum of $1,750,000
a year, the price being increased ®486,000
above what tliey bid without even asking them
whether they would carry the mails at the price
at which they had bid. Now, with railroad
transportation to the .Pacific ocean, there is no
necessity that this brsneh of Our mail service1
should cost in the next fiscal year any sums
approaching the amount which it costs at the
present time. The deduction from the cost of
' transportation upon this line alone ought to be
' equal to the expense of all the additional scr-
viea that will be required for the coming year.
■But, sir, that is not all. Any gentleman who
examines the matter will find that the prices
for the* transportation of the . mails upon the
southern railroads has been increased from
$100 a mile to $150, $200, and $300 a mile.
When the action of the Post Office Department
in connection with this matter was brought to
the attention of the House by the Committee on
Southern Railroads, it was referred to another
committee-of this House for investigation; but
the latter committee, from that day to this has-
mado no report. It will be recollected that
when the Committee on Southern Railroads
recommended the investigation of the matter-
there wasa struggle in this House as to whether
the subject should be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads or to the
Committee on Expenditure m the Post -Oilies
Department; but it was referred to the latter
committee, members of which declared 011 tiny
floor that they would be dolighted to investigate
the question. And a short time afterward a
communication from the Postmaster General
inviting investigation into that matter -was re-
ferred to the same eommittee. Yet up to the
present time nothing with reference to the sub-
ject has been heard from that committee,
FHere the hammer fell.]
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
say a few words in answer to the inquiries of
the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Eia.1 By a little examination my friend
will discover that although this bill, by the
note appended to it, purports to appropriate
$30,217,503, yet the amount really appropri-
ated out of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department is very much less, a large propor-
tion of the appropriations embraced in the bill
beino- met by the revenues of the Department.
As the bill was originally introduced, and be-
fore any amendments bad been made to it,
it appropriated $24,477,503, of which sum
752 503 was to be appropriated out 01 the
revenues of the Department and $725,000 out
of the Treasury. .
I will state the facts from which has risen
the necessity of tliis appropriation for uen-
ciencies. It will be found by referring to tne
Postmaster General's report that tho total
amount of the revenues of the Department is
estimated at 817,800,000, while the expend-
itures are estimated at $24,5-10,413.
Now, I suppose every gentleman on the Uuor
understands this fact, that by the law the reve-
nues of the Post Office Department are-tarned
I into the Treasury, and-itrequires an aetei Oon-
;j sress to appropriate them out of the Iraasury.
