1452
THE OONGKKSSIO^AL GLOBS.
February 22,
Hence this deficiency is simply what has already
been appropriated oat of the Treasury.
Sr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike ont
the last word. I did not bear the gentleman
from New Hampshire, but I understand that
he referred to same committee as having stifled
investigation. I will ask the gentleman to what
committee he referred.
Mr. ELA. The Committee on Expenditures
in tbe Post Office Department. >'
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I am not a mem-
ber of that committee I have nothing to say..
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I should like to know.what
the gentleman from New Hampshire means by
referring to the Committee o&Expenditures in
the Post Office Department in the manner in
which lie has?
Mr. ELA. When the Committee on South-
ern Railroads reported through their chairman,
Mr. MeClurg, to this House what, they con-
sidered evidence of corruption on the part of
the Post Office Department in raising the com-
pensation from $100 per mile to $300 per mile
for transportation there was a struggle on the
floor of the House in which thegentleman from
Pennsylvania said that he would be delighted
to have this matter referred-to his committee
for investigation. After the question was taken
by tellers, as I remember it, the matter was
referred to the Committee ob Expenditures in
the Post Office Department, where it has ever
since slept the sleep of death.
Mr. O'NEILL. I am opposed to adding
any unnecessary expense tor carrying the
mails, while at the same time 1 anj in favor of
affording every proper facility to the citizens
of every part of the country for getting their
mail matter. But that is not the question here.
The gentleman from New Hampshire has un-
dertaken to reflect on the Committee on Ex-
penditures in the Post Ofiice Department. It
is well enough to answer his charge, and I
can do it in a very few words. This subject
was referred to that committee, and we 'had
several meetings in reference to it. We en-
deavored to get at the facts.* We had.commu-
nications from the Postmaster General and
one or two persons called upon us on the sub-
ject. But it turned out, as far as tbe committee
were concerned, that not one tittla of proof
was produced to sustain the charge which had
been made. I have not heard of the case for
months.
Mr, BEAMAN. I rise to a point of order.
This discussion is all out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. Ei.a's amendment was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD moved the folio wing amend-
ment :
Provided, That the Postmaster General may direct
the mails 011 any route to be carried by railroad.
Kteambosit, steamship, stage-ooaeh, 011 horseback, or
by special messenger, as in his judgment the public
good may require.
Mr. SPALDING. It ought to provide for
"on foot," too. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to add the following:
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of w.ts conferring the franking: privilege on
members of the Senate and House of Itepreseutatives
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr, PHELPS. I move the following amend-
ment :
Provided, That no part of the moneys herein ap-
propriated shall be applied to tbe free transporta-
tion of mail matter from or to members of the Senate
an« House of Representatives.
Mr. BEAMAN. I raise a point of order on
that- amendment.
'Ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
31r. ELA. I move the following: "
Provided, That no compensation shall be made for
transporting: the mails from Walluta to Mesilla
county above the contract tor serviue Onee a week.
Mr. BEAMAN. I raise a point of order on
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The C.hair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ELA. I move to strike out the whole
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion i$ not in
order.
Mr. BkaMAn's amendment was then-agreed to.-
Mr. BEAMAN. I' move that the commit-
tee rise, and reporttfce' bill and amendments to
the House. * ' -
The motion was agreed to.
The 'committee accordingly rose ; Mid the
Speaker havingresumedthechaiir, Mr. Poland
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the'Union had, according to order,
had under consideration House bill No- 180ft,
making appropriations for tbe service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870, and had directed him
to report the same back to the House with
sundry amendments.
Mr. BEAMAN. I demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Unless a separate vote
is demanded tbe amendments of-the Commit-
tee of the Whole will be acted upon in gross.
Mr. SCOPIBLD. I ask to have reserved
the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [ Mr. Maynard] in regard to velocipedes.
Mr. PA ENS WORTH. I wish to reserve
the amendment in regard to letter carriers in
small towns.
Mr. HOLMAN, I ask for a separate vote
on each amendment.
The question was then taken on each of the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole,
and they were all agreed to except two, the
first of which is as follows:
In line twenty-one after the word "dollars" insert
tbe following' proviso:
Provided, That so much of this appropriation as
may be necessary for that purposo shall he applied
to extending the letter-carrier system to every city
having a population of more than ten thousand.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that will not
be adopted.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question, beingput, there were—ayes 37,
noes 65.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The other amendment of the Committee of
the Whole which was uot agreed to by the
House was as follows :
Strikeout lines twelve, thirteen, fourteen, and fif-
teen, and add the followinj? as a new section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if the reve-
nues of the Post Ofliee Department shall be insuffi-
cient to meet the appropriations named in the first
section, then the sum of S4,771,153, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, to be paid out of any money in theTreas-
urynot otherwise appropriated, to supply deficiencies
in the revenues ot the Post Office Departmentforthe
year endiug June SO, 1870: Provided, That the Post-
master General may direct the mails oil any route to
bo carried by railroad, steamboat, steamship, stage-
coach.' on horseback, or by special messenger, as in
his judgment the public good may require.
The question being put on agreeing to the
above amendment, there were—ayes 3G, noes
37 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent,
if the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
itard] will permit it, to take a vote on that part
of the amendment offered by the committee
and then vote on tho proviso offered by tbe
gentleman from Tennessee. While the com-
mittee wish to retain that part offered by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Beaman,] they
are opposed to the proviso offered by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee which is now incorpo-
rated in it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. May-
nard and Scofield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 54, noes 60.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be.engrosged and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it. was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEAMAN- J demand the previous
question on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider tbe vote
by which the amendment-, as amended, was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be, laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
copper tariff bill.
The SPEAKER gave notice that to-morrow
morning, immediately after the reading of the
Journal, before calling up the unfinished busi-
ness, he would lay before the Honse the veto
message of the President on the bill in regard
to the tariff on copper and copper ores.
leave op absence.
Leave of absence for to-night's session was
granted to the following members on account
of illness: . -
Messrs. Garfield, Washburn of Indiana,
Knott, Norms, Burr, Marshall, Benton,
Tift, Gove, Dgdqe, and Boydeit.
leave to print remarks.
Mr. BURLEIGH obtained leave to print re-
marks upon the bill in regard to the boundaries
of Dakota, and Mr. DEWEESE on the finan-
cial condition of the country. [See Appendix. ]
•tames b. thompson.
Mr. MILLER obtained leave to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers relating to
the discharge and imprisonment of Colonel
James B. Thompson, without leaving copies on
file.
nancy reed.
Mv. ROOTS obtained leavetowithdrawfrom
the files of the House the papers in the pension
case of Nancy Reed, leaving copies on file.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the House took a recess till half past
seven o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, pursuant to adjournment.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move- that the
House take up from the Speaker's table, for
the purpose of reference to the Committee on
Reconstruction, the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House in regard to the
removal of disabilities.
Mr. McKEE. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will then move to
suspend the rules. I will state that this is not
the.bill that last passed the House; it does not
contain the names of the Kentucky men.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must recog-
nize the Committee on Appropriations as enti-
titled to the floor this evenijg, according to the
order of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will make
the motion as soon as I can get the floor.
pay of internal revenue officers.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous
consent, the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1812) to allow deputy collectors and
assistant assessors of internal revenue acting as
collectors or assessors the pay of collectors and
assessors was taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. S0HENCK. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be disagreed to, and a con-
ference asked on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed t.o.
usayb of absence.
Leaveof absence for this evening was granted
to Mr. Fields on account- of sickness.
olider op business.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous consent
that the Comsatee of tbe Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of thc-j amendments of the Senate
lo the bill (E. R. No. 1590) making appropri-
ations for the n^val Bervieefor the year ending
