APPENDIX TO. THE CONQBESSIQKAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
SjpfATK.
Bepre&erdativelieform—-Report.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
1'
it
livedo expensive tb.it the mind almost recoils at
j&aring the sums which they cost- Qontests practi-
q<«lly would eomo to an end;. and as they aid, so
yould d j liger of b ribery and corruption. You would
naVe great constituencies divided into great com-
ponent parts; you would hare each portion well
represented; you would have freedom from expense,
freedom from the irritation of political feeling, and
'from the curse of ail elections, bribery/—189 Man-
sard, 3d series, pp. 433-41.
The-views of Earl Russell in favor of dividing
$he representation of large constituencies be-
tween parties have been often expressed. In
debate in the House of Commons upon the
reform bill of 1854 he spoke as follows;
  "Now.it appears to us that many advantages would
attendfche enabling the minority to haver a~ part in
these returns. In the first place thereis apt to be a
feeiing of great soreness when a very considerable
suraber of electors, such as I have' mentioned, ape
completely shat oat from a share in the representa-
.tibft of one place." * * * * "But in the
f ext place I think that the more you haveyour rep-
resentation confined to large populations the more
-ought you to take care that there should be some
-kmdof balance, and that the large places sending
-members tft this House should send those who rep-
resent the community at large. But when there is a
•vary large.body excluded it cannot he said that the
community at large is fairly represented."—156Ran-
sard, 3d series, p. 2062.
In' his essay on the English constitution,
(edition of 1S85,) he wrote as follows :
'* If there were to be any deviation from o'nr cus-
tomary habits and rooted ideas on the subject of
representation I should like to see such a change as
I once proposed in order to obtain representatives
of the minority in large and populous counties and
towns. If, when three members are to be elected,
e-ach elector wore allowed to give ttfro votes we might
have a Liberal country gentleman sitting for Buck-
inghamshire and a Conservative manufacturer For
Manchester. The local majority would have two to
one in the House of Commons, and the minority
"would not feel itself disfranchised and degraded."
In the House of Lords, in 1867, he gave a
vigorous and able support to the Cairns amend-
ment, which now constitutes clause nine of
the reform act of that year. He said:
■ "I believe by means of such a plan you would in-
troduce into the House of Commons men of mod-
erate views whose influence would tend to reconcile
parties op those occasions which now and then arise
when neither extreme is completely right, and when
the influence of moderate men is of much use in
allaying the heat of party passion." * * * *
"Suppose a town has twenty thousand voters, and
that twelve thousand are of one side in politics and
eight thousand <^f the other, would not that town be
better represented if both the twelve thousand and
eight thousand were represented than if only the
twelve thousand were represented? Thegcntleman
who first impressed me with those opinions as to
three-cornered constituencies mentioned to me that
in a great manufacturing town where there was a
very considerable Conservative minority men of the
greatest respectability, men of wealth, and men of
education were in such a state of political irritation
•from the fact of feeling themselves reduced to the
position of mere ciphers at elections, that tncy were
sometimes ready to support candidates of even ex-
treme democratic opinions." * * * * "I
can well understandinen who are extremely intoler-
ant and exclusive in politics objecting to give any
voice to those whose political views are distasteful
to them; but I cannot understand such an objection
"being urged by those whoareinfavorofhavingpub-
lic opinion fairly represented."—189 Hansard, 3d sc-
ries, pp. 446-47.
Upon the consideration of the reform bill
of 1831 in the House of Commons Mr. Praed,
distinguished as speaker and poet, expressed
himself as follows:
"If we desire that the representatives of a numer-
ous constituency should come hither merely as wit-
nesses of the fact that certain opinions are enter-
tained by the majority of that constituency our
present system of election is certainly rational, and
members are right in their reprobation of a compro-
mise. because it would diminish the strength of the
evidence to a fact wc wish to ascertain. But if we
intend, as surely we do intend, that not the majority
only, but the aggregate masses of every numerous
constituency, should so far as is possible be seen in
the persons and heard in the voices of their repre-
sentatives—should be, in short, in the obvious literal
sense of the word "represented" in'this house—then,
sir, our present rale of election is in the theory wrong
and absurd, and in practj.ee is but partially corrected
by do admission of that compromise on which so
nnicii virtuous indignation has been wasted."—
6 Hansard, v. 1362,
THE CUMULATIVE VOTE,
By Marl Grey.
"The first of the reforms of a conservative ten-
dency which I should suggest, and one which I
should consider a great improvement under any cir-
cumstances but quite indispensable if any changes
favorable to democratic power are to be admitted,
would be the adoption of what Mr. James Marshall
has called the' cumulative votethat is to say, the
principle of giving to every elector as many votes as
there are members to be elected by the constituency
to which he belongs, with the right of either giving
all these votes to a single candidate or of dividing
them, as he may prefer. The object of adoptingthis
rule would be to secure to minorities a fair oppor-
tunity of making their opinions and wishes h©ard in
the House of Commons. In order that it mightfully
answer this purpose, theright of returning members
to Parliament ought to be so distributed that each
constituency should not have less than three repre-
sentatives to choose. Supposing that three members
were to.be elected together, and-that each elector
were entitled to three votes, which he might unite
in favor of a single candidate, it is obvious that a
minority exceeding- a fourth of' the whole constit-
ueassy would have the power of securing the election
of one member. It is probable that in general three
members would be thus returned, eaen representing
a different shade of opinion among the voters.
."■The advantages this mode of voting would be
calculated to p.rpduce, and the justice of making
s'otne such provision for the representation of minori-
ties, or rather the flagrant injustice of omitting to
do so, have been so well shown by Mr. Marshall in
the pamphlet I have already referred to, and by Mr.
Mill in his highly philosophical treatise on repre-
sentative government, that it is quite needless for
me to argue the question as one of principle. But I
may observe that, in addition to its being right in
principle this measure would be in strict accordance
with the lessons of experience if read in their true
spirit. One of the mo3t remarkable peculiarities of
the British House of Commons as compared with
other representative bodies is, that it ha&alwayshad
within its wails members representing most of the
different classes of society and of the various and
conflicting opinions and interests to be found in the
nation. Much of the acknowledged success with
which the House of Commons has played its part in
the government of the country has been attributed, I
believe most justly, to this peculiarity. The changes
made by the reform act, and especially the abolition
of the various rights of voting formerly to be found
in different towns, and the establishment of one uni-
form franchise in ail the English boroughs, (with
only a small exception in favor of ccrtain classes of
freemen,) tended somewhat to impair the character
of the house in this report. The greatly increased
intercourse between different parts of the country
and the rapidity with which opinions are propagated
from one extremity of the kingdom to another have
had a similar tendency; and there is no longer the
same probability as formerly that different opinions
will be found to prevail in different places so as to
enable all parties to find somewhere the moans of
gaining an entrance to Parliamentfor atleast enough
of their adherents to give expression to their feelings.
" Hence there is a danger that the House of Com-
mons may cease to enjoy to the same extent as for-
merly the great advantage of representing the various
classes and opinions to be iound in the nation. That
danger would be greatly aggravated by rendering the
constituencies more nearly equal than they arc; but
•the simple change involved in adopting the cumula-
tive vote would do mucll toward guarding against it,
since with this mode of voting it w >uld be impossible
that any considerable party in the country should be
left unrepresented in Parliament. The tendency of
the alteration would be conservative in the best sense
of the word, while at the same time in many cases
it would have the effect of relieving liberal politi-
cians from a disadvantage to which they are unfairly
subjected. On the one side it would prevent the rep-
resentation of the large town constituencies from
being monopolized, as at present, by candidates ready
to pledge themselves to the support of democratic
measures. Even in the metropolitan boroughs we
might reasonably expect that some members would
be retunred really representing the higher and most
educated classes of their inhabitants, who are now
practically without any representation at all except
that which they obtain indirectly by means of mem-
bers chosen by other constituencies. Thus in the
large towns itwould put an end to the unjust monop-
oly on the part of radical politicians; and on the
other hand, in those counties where a Conservative
majority now excludes a strong Liberal minority from
any share in the representation it would correct a
similar tendency in the opposite direction. In both
cases this system of voting would be calculated to
givemore weight to the Independent electors who are
not thorough-going partisans on either side, and to
favor the return of candidates deserving their con-
fidence. "—Parliamentary Government Considered with
Reference to Reform, edition of 1864, p. 203.
LIMITED AND CUMULATIVE VOTING.
By John Stuart Mill.
" Assuming that each constituency elects three rep-
resentatives, twomodeshave been proposed, in either
oi which a minority amounting to a third of the con-
stituency may, by acting in concert and determining
to aim atno more, return one of the members. One
plan is that each elector should only be allowed to
vote for two, or even forone, although three are to be
elected. The other leaves to the elector his three
votes, but allows him to give all of them to one can-
didate The first of these plans was adopted in the
reform bill of Lord Aberdeen's government; but I
do sot hesitate most decidedly to prefer the second,
which has boen advocated in an ante and conclusive
pamphlet by Mr; James (xarth Marshall. The former
plan must be always and inevitably unpopular, be-
cause it cuts down the privileges of the voter, while
the latter, on the contrary, extends them; and I am
prepared to maintain thatthe permission of cumula-
tive votes—that is,, of giving either one, two, orthree
votes to a single candidate—is in itself even indepen-
dently ofits effect in giving ^representation to minor-
ities the mode of voting which gives the most faith-
ful expression of the wishes of the elector. On the
existing plan an elector who votes for three can give
his vote for the three candidates whom he prefers to
their competitors; but among those three he may
desire the success of one immeasurably more than
that of the other two, and may be willing to relin-
quish them entirely for ah increased chance of attain-
ing the greater object. This portion of his wishes he
has now no means of expressing by his vote. He may
sacrifice two of his votes altogether, but in ho case
ean he give more than a single vote to the object of
his preference. Why should the mere fact of prefer-
ence fee alone considered and no account whatever
be taken of the degree ofit? The power to give sev-
eral votes to s single candidate would be eminently
favorable to those whose claims to be chosen are de-
rived from personal qualities and not from their being
the mere symbols of an opinion; for if the voter
gives his suffrage to a candidate in consideration of
pledges or because thecandidate is of the sameparty
with himself he will not desire the success of that
individual more than any other who will take the
same pledges or betyngs to the same party. When
he is especially concerned for the election of some
one candidate it is on account of something which
personally distinguishes that candidate from others
on the same side. Where there is no overruling local
influence in favor of an individual those who would
be benefited as candidates by the cumulative vote
would generally be the persons of greatest real or
reputed virtue or talents."—Thoughts on Parliament-
ary M&orm, second edition, 1859.
OF TRUE AND FALSE DEMOCRACY—REPRESENTATION
OF ALL AND REPRESENTATION OP THE MAJORITY
ONLY.
By John Stuart Mill.
"It has been seen that the dangers incident to a
representative democracy are of two kinds: danger
of a low grade of intelligence in the representative
body and in the popular opinion which controls it;
and danger of class legislation on the part of the
numerical majority, these being all composed of the
same class. We have next to consider how far it is
possible so to organize the democracy as, without
interfering materially with the characteristic bene-
fits of democratic government, to do away with these
two great evils, or at least to abate them in the
utmost degree attainable by human contrivance.
"The common mode of attempting this is by limit-
ing the democratic character of the representation
through a more or less restricted suffrage. But there
is a previous consideration which, duly kept in view,
considerably modifies the circumstances which are
supposed to render such a restriction necessary. A
completely equal democracy in a nation in which a
single class composes the numerical majority cannot
be divested of certain evils: but those «#ils are greatly
aggravated by the fact that the derirocracies which
at present exist are not equal, but systematically
unequal in favor of the dominant class. Two very
different ideas are usually confounded under the
name democracy. The pure idea of democracy, ac-
cording to its definition, is the government of the
whole people by the whole people equally repre-
sented. Democracy, as commonly conceived and
hitherto practiced, is the government of the whole
people by a mere majority of the people exclusively
represented. The former is synonymous with the
equality of all citizens; the latter, strangely con-
founded with it, is a government of privitegein favor
of the numerical majority, who alone possess practi-
cally any voice in the State. This is the inevitable
consequence of the manner in which the votes are
now taken to thecompletedisfranchisement of minor-
ities.
"The confusion of ideas here is great, but it is so
easily cleared up that one would suppose the slight-
est indication would be sufficient to place the in atter
in its true light before any mind of average intelli-
gence. It would be so but for the power of habit,
owing to which the simplest idea if unfamiliar has
as great difficulty in making its way to the mind as a
far more complicated one. That the minority must
yield to the majority, the smaller number to the
greater, is a familiar idea; and accordingly men
think there is no necessity for using their minds any
further, and it does not oeeur to them that there is
any medium between allowing the smaller number
to be equally powerful with the greater and blotting
out the smaller number altogether. In a represent-
ative body actually deliberating the minority must
of course be overruled; and in an equal democracy
(since the opinions of the constituents, when they
insist on them, determine those of the representative
body,) the majority of the people, through their
representatives, will outvote and prevail over the
minority and their representatives. But does it fol-
low that the minority should have no representatives
at all? Because the majority ought to prevail over
the minority must the uujority have all the votfts,
the minority none? Is it necessary that the minority
should not even be heard? Nothing but habit and
old association can reconcile any reasonable. beiug
to the needless injustice. In a really equal democ-
racy every or any section would bo represented, not
disproportionately, but proportionately. A major-
