1869.]
APPENDIX TO TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2W"
40th Cos«....3d Sess.
Representative Reform—Report.
Senate.
ity of the electors would always have a majority of
tbe representatives, but a minority of the electors
wouldalways haveaminorityol the representatives.
Man for man they would be as fully represented as
the majority. Unless they are there is not equal
government, but a government of inequality and
privilege. One partof the p.eople ruieover the rest.
'j?bexe is a part whose fair and equal share of influ-
ence in the representation is withheld from them,
cpjQtrary to"; all just government, but above all con-
' tzwy to the principle of democracy, which professes
equality as its very roet and foundation.
•/The injustice and violation of principle are not
legs flagrant because.those who suffer by them are a
minorityfor there is not equal suffrage where every
single individual does not count for as much as any
otjier single individual in the community. But it is
Bpfc only the minority who suffer. Democracy thus
constituted does not even attain its ostensible ob-
ject—that of giving thepowers of government in all
cases to the numerical majority. It does something
yery different, it gives them to a majority of the ma-
jority, who may be and often are but a minority of
the whole. All principles are most effectually tested
by extreme cases. Suppose, then, that in a country
governed by equal and universal suffrage there is a
contested election in every constituency, and every
election isaarried by a small majority; the Parlia-
ment thus brought together represents little more
than a bare majority of the people. This Parlia-
ment proceeds to legislate and adopts important
measures by a bare majority of itself; what guar-
antee is there that these measures accord with the
wishes of a majority of the people?" Nearly half the
electors, having been outvoted at the hustings, have
had no influence at allinthedeeision; andthewhole
of these may be, a majority of them probably are,
hostile to the measures, having voted against those
by whom they have been carried. Of the remaining
electors nearly half have chosen representatives
who, by supposition, have voted against the meas-
ures. It is possible, therefore, and even probable,
that the opinion which has prevailed was agreeable
only to a majority of the nation, though a majority
of that portion of it whom the institutions of the
country have erected into a ruling class. If democ-
racy means the certain ascendency of the majority
there are no means of insuring that but by allowing
every individual figure to tell equally in the sum-
ming up. Any minority leftout, either purposely or
by the play of the machinery, gives the power not to
a majority, but to a minority in some other part of
the scale.
" The only answer which can possibly be made to
this reasoning is that as different opinions predomi-
nate in different localities the opinion which is in a
minority in some places has a majority in others; and
on the whole every opinion which exists in the con-
stituencies obtains its fair share of voices in the rep-
resentation. And this is roughly true in the present
state of the constituency. If it were not, the discord-
ance of the House with the general sentiment of the
country would s<-on bccome evident. But it would
be no longer true if the present constituency weie
much enlarged, still less if made coextensive with
the whole population; for in that case the majority
in every locality would consist of manual laborers,
and when there was any question pending on which
these classes were at issue with the rest of the com-
munity no other classes could succeed in getting
represented anywhere. Eveu now is it not a great
grievance that in every Parliament a very numerous
portion of the electors, willing and anxious to berep-
resented, have no member in the house for whom
they have voted? Is it just that every elector of
Marylebone is obliged to be represented by two nomi-
nees of the vestries, every elector of Finsbury or
Lambeth by those—as i3 generally believed—01 the
publicans? The constituencies to which most of the
highly educated and publiG-spirited persons in the
country belong, those of the large towns, are now in
great part either unrepresented or misrepresented.
The electors who are on a different side in paity pol-
ities "from the local majority arc unrepresented. Of
those who are 011 the same side a large proportion
are misrepresented, having been obliged to accept
the man who had the greatest number of supporters
in their political party, though his opinions may
differ from theirs on every other point. The state
of^ things is in some respects even worse than if the
minority were not allowed to vote at all, for then at
least the majority might have a member who would
I represent their own best mind, while now the neces-
sity of not dividing the party for fear of letting in its
opponents induces all to vote either for the person
who first presents himself wearing their colors or for
the one brought forward by their local leaders, and
these, if we pay them the compliment which they
very seldom deserve of supposing their choice to be
unbiased by their personal interests, are compelled,
that they may be sure of mustering their whole
strength, to bring forward a candidate whom none
of the party will strongly object to—that is, a man
withoutany distinctive peculiarity, any known opin-
ions except the shibboleth of the party.
"This is strikingly exemplified m the United States,
where at the election of President the strongest party
never dares put forward any of its strongest men, be-
cause every one of these, from the mere fact that he
has been long in the public eye, has made himself
objectionable to some portion or other of the party,
OWUs therefore not so sure a card for rallying all
tbeif votes as a person who has never been heard of
by t&e public at all until he is produced as the can-
didate." Thus the man who is chosen even by the
strongest party represents perhaps the real wishes
Oafr/Qf the narrow margin by which that party out-
numbers the othor, Any section whose support is
necessary to success possesses a veto on the candi-
date. Anysection which holds out more obstinately
than the 1 est can compel all the others to adopt its
nominee; and this superior pertinacity is unhappily
moro likely to be found among those who are hold-
ing out for their own interest than for that of the
public. Speaking generally, the choice of the major-
ity is determined by that portion of the body who are
the most timid, the most narrow-minded and pre-
judiced, or who cling n?oet tenaciously to the exclu-
sive class interest; and the electoral rights of the
minority, while useless for the purposes for which
votes are giveu, seFve only for compelling the major-
ity to accept the candidate of the weakest or worst
portion of themselyes.
"That while recognizing these evils many should
consider them as the necessary price paid lor a free
government is in no way surprising. It was the
opinion of all the friends of freedom up to a recent
period; but the habit of passing them over as irre-
mediable has become so inveterate that many persons
seem to have lost the capacity of looking at them as
things which they would be^glad to remedy if they
could. From despairing of a cure there is too often
but one step to denying the disease, and from this
follows dislike to having a remedy proposed, as if
the proposer were creating a mischief instead of
offering relief from one. People aroso inured to the
evils that theyfeel as if it were unreasonable, if not
wrong, to complain of them. Yet avoidable or not,
he must be a purblind lover of liberty on whose mind
they do not weigh who would not rejoice at the dis-
covery that they could be dispensed with. Now,
nothing is more certain than that the virtual blot-
ting out of the minority is no necessary or natural
consequence of freedom; that, far from having any
connection with democracy, it is diametrically op-
posed to the first principle of democracy—repre-
sentation in proportion to numbers. It is a-n essen-
tial part of democracy that minorities should be
adequately represented. No real democracy, noth-
ing but a false show of democracy, is possible with-
outit.
*4 Those who have seen and feltin some degree the
force of these considerations have proposed various
expedients by which the evil may be, in a greater or
less degree, mitigated. Lord John RusseJl, in one
of his reform bills, introduced a provision that cer-
tain constituencies should return three members, and
that in these each elector should be allowed to vote
only for two; and Mr. Disraeli in the recent debates
revived the memory of the lact by reproaching him
for it, being of opinion, apparently, that it befits a
conservative statesman to regard only means, and to
disown scornfully all iollow-feeling with any one who
is betrayed, even once, into thinking of ends.. Others
havo proposed that each electorshould be allowed to
vote only for one. By either of these plans a mi-
nority equaling or exceeding a third of the local
constituency would be able, if it attempted no more,
to return one out of three members. The same result
might be attained in astill better way if, as proposed
in an able pamphlet by Mr. James Garth Marshall,
the elector retained his three votes, but was at liberty
to bestow them ail upon the same candidate."
The author proceeds to state his preference
for the plan of personal representation pro-
pounded by Mr. Hare over other plans of re-
form as more effectual and complete, as secur-
ing more fully the objects and avoiding the
mischiefs mentioned in his preceding remarks.
He expresses regret, however, that none of
those other plans had "been carried into
effect, as any of them would have recognized
the right principle and prepared the way for its
more complete application."
His preference for personal representation
arises from the fact that it would provide for
all local minorities of less than a third in a con-
stituency, and for all minorities made up from
several constituencies. His views appear to
be, to some extent, affected by the peculiar
character of British districts, and the absence
of great State organizations in the kingdom
affording free play for the camulative vote. As
personal representation is a question not pro-
posed for examination in the present report, or
for exposition in the papers which accompany
it, his remarks upon it are here omitted. Bat
two additional extracts, relating to general
considerations connected with reform in repre-
sentation, are added below:
"Thenatural tendency of representative govern-
ment, as of modern civilization, is toward collective
mediocrity; and this tendency is increased by all
reductions and extensions of the franchise, their
effect being to place theprincipalpowerinthe hands
of classes more and more below the highest level of
instruction in the community. But though the su-
perior intellects and characters will necessarily be
outnumbered it makes a great differcncc whether or
nottheyare heard. In the false democracy which,
instead of giving representation to all, gives it only
to the local majorities, the voice of the instructed
minority may haveno organs at all in the representa-
tive body." * * * * ** In the American
democracy, which is constructed on this faulty model,
the highly-cultivated members of the community. Jk
except such of them as are willing to sacrifice their
own opinions and modes of judgment and become the
servile mouthpieces ot their interiors iu kuowledge,-
do not even otier themseivesfor Co agrees or the State
Legislatures, so ceitain is it that they would have no
chance of being returned." * * * ■* *
" In every Go vernment there is some power stronger
than all the rest, and the power which is the strong-
est tends perpetually to become the sole power.
Partly by intention and partly unconsciously it is
ever striving to make all other things bend to itself,
and is not content while thpre is anything which
makes permanent head against it, an^ influence not
in agreement with its spirit. Yet. if it succeeds in
suppressing all rival influences and molding every-
thing after its own model improvement inthafceouu-
tryis at ah end and.decline commences. Human
improvement is a product of many factors, and no
power ever vet constituted among mankind includes
them all. Even the most beneficent power only eon-
tains in itself some of the requisites of good, and i he.
remainder, if progress is to continue, must be de-
rived from some other source. Wo community has
ever long continued progressive but while a conflict
was going on between the strongest power in the
community and some rival pow^r—between the spir-
itual and temporal authorities, the military or terri-
torial and the industrious classes, the king and the
people, the orthodox and religious reformers. When
the victory on either side was so complete as to
put an end to the strife, and no other conflict took
its placc, first stagnation followed and then decay.
The ascendency of the numerical majority is less
unjust and, on the whole, less mischievous than many
others, but it is attended with the veiy same kind
of dangers, and even more certainly, for when the
Government is in the handsof oneor a few the many
are always exi&tent as a rival power which may not
be strong enough ever to control the other, but whoso
opinion and sentimentare a moral and oveo asocial
support to all who, either from conviction or con-
trariety of interest, are opposed to any of the tend-
encies of the ruling authority.
" But when the democracy is supreme there is no
one or few strong enough for dissentient opinions
and injured or menaced interests to lean upon. The
great difficulty of democratic government has hith-
erto seem d to bo how to provide m a democratic
society what ciicuinstances have provided hitherto
in all the societies which have maintained them-
selves ahead ot others—a social support, a point
d'appui for individual resistance to the tendencies
of the ruling power, a protection, a rallying-point
for opinions and interests which the ascendant pub-
lic opinion views with disfavor. Por want of sueh a
point d'ctppiii the older societies and all but a few
modern ones either fell into dissolution or became
stationary (which means slow deterioration) through
the exclusive predominance of a part only of the
conditions of social and mental well-being." * *
* * "The only quarter in which to look for a
supplement or completing corrective to the instincts
of a democratic majority is the instructed minority,
but in the ordinary mode of constituting democracy
this minority has no organ."— Considerations ov Rep-
resentative Government, chapter 7, Harper's edition,
1862.
THIS JkBGUHlEKT OF LOCALITY.
It has been said that the free vote would
deiocalize representation, and in this respect
woulc^ have an unfortunate effect. This may
be called the argument of locality, and has
been well answered in debate abroad both .by
Mr. Mill and by Mr. Lowe.
The argument of locality is fallacious, for
localities would have representation under the
new plan as much as under the present one.
It is true that district majorities could not
monopolize the whole representation of the
State, and here is the true point of this objec-
tion, and the only one with which we need be
concerned. ' •
Now, the monopoly of representation by dis-
trict majorities is the very thing complained of,
the abatement of which will constitute an evi-
dent reform. The free vote admits of nomina-
tions by districts, or for district divisions of a
State, (if that should be desired,) and, what is
more material, it gives to each important inter-
est or locality a power of self-defense which
will prevent injustice. These considerations
were pointed out by a member of the present
committee in a speech made at Philadelphia,
November 19,1887, in the following language:
"It is said that a system of elections such as I have
described would deprive particular localities ot rep-
resentation; that there would be a combination ot
groat and powerful communities withm a State
against some particular districts, and those districts
which now have Representatives would he disfran-
chised. This argument has been made in Great
Britain. It is likely to be repeated here, and it is
perhaps the only one deserving any considerable
attention. Of course my political reading and polit-
ical thought havo been against the undue concen-
tration of power at any particular point, whether
Washington, Harrisburg, Philadelphia, or elsewhere*
and I have been in favor of its distribution, as far as
