1869.
TH# OG^RESSKWMi^ ©CjO i;j
14m
Jtme 8©> 1870, and tfeattbe same be considered
in the House as iri Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. HARDING. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order b the
consideration of the appropriation-bills.
Mr. SPALDING, if the gentleman objects,
I move that the House resolve itself into'Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of considering the amendments
of the Senate to the naval appropriation hill.
The question was pat; and there were—ayea
47, noes 6; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr,
and Mr. Stevens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reports
ed—ayes 60, noes 7 ; no. quorum voting.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that there be a
call of the House. [Criesof "No! " "No I "]
The SPEAKER. The vote jast taken hav-
ing disclosed the fact that there is no quorum-
present, there most be eWjet a-eall of the
Hotjse or a motion to adjourn, as all business
is arrested.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Then I move that the
House adjourn.
The question was put,; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was then pat £m Mr. Spald-
ing's motion ; atrd there were—ayes37, noes39.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The. objection to taking
up the amendments of the Senate to the naval
appropriation bill arises from the fact that the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
is absent at present. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalmng] that he yield
the floor to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bltler] to move to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill, to which there ia no objection, and
when we get a quorum we can take up the
other bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I shall insist on taking
np the Senate amendments to the naval appro-
priation bill, or else that we shall have a call
of the House so as to secure a quorum to do
business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose the House
has control of the question whether there shall
be a call of the House or not.
The SPEAKER. A majority have refused
to order a call.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wed-
nesday.
Mr. BROMWELL. Is that in order in the
absenee of a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. As there was no quorum
on the last vote the motion is not in order.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn. _ -
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 12, nays 101, not voting
109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Am ell, Delos. R. Ashley, Callis,
Bidl'tdge, Grorer, Thomas L. Jones, Miller, Mwtgen,
Ncwsbain. Niblaek, Boss, and Taber—12.
KAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Axte.ll,
Baker, Barnum. Beoman, Beatty, Blatr, Boutwell,
Bromwell. Brooks, Broomftll, Buckley. Benjamin K.
JBittlcr, Cake. Sidney Clarke, Chft. Cobb. Coburn,
C.x>k. Cornell, Cullom, Dawes. Deweoso, Boekery,
T)riKss. Eekley. Ela, ""  
Ferriss, Ferry. I'"ren(
ton. Higby, Bolmaji,   i
I). Hubbard. Hulburd, Euntcr, Ingersoll, Jenekcs,
Johnson, Judd. Julian. Kelsey, Retcham, Kitchen,
Konnt/,, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Imitgbridge, Lym-ii, Maliory, Marvm, Maynaru,
M-Connii-k, Mclvce, Merear, Moore Moorehead,
Mot roll, Matlins, Myers, Nowoornb, ONeill, Paine,
Fetors, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Plants, Poland, Price,
Pi inor, Ha-nm, Robertson, Sawyer, fecbenck, Soofield,
Sheilabarifor, SpaWing. Stevens, Stokes, Stover*
Taylor, Thomas,Trowbridge.Twwhell,Van Aerwtm,
CadwaladerC.Washbufn, ElihuB. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburu, Whittonsore, James X. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks. Barnes, Beck,
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Biac-kbura, Blame,
Boles, Bowen, Boy-den, Boy%,
Ttoderick &. Butler, Cary, Chanter, Chiwc
W. Clarke, Corley, Covode, Delano, Kekey, yixoTi,
Dodge, Donnelly, Edwards, Bggleston, James T.
Elliott, Fields, IV*, r - - - - •
, Garfield, Qlossbrea&ei-, €k>J la-
day, Goss, Sore, Otavely, Qriswold, lfoight,ilaimi-
ton, Haugliey, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper, Asahel WV
Hubbard, RisftaM D; Hubbard, Humphrey, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, -Kerr, Knott., l,*tlm.
vrvn, teinuui, r oi^i^y, ruaerey, rruj
RandalLRobinson, Jl9ota,^lye.Shaoks,Sitgrea-s>
.. . La-wrenfce 8. Trimble, UpSoxi,
"Vale Aviken, Bvatt V«n Bo^ert T. Yaa Mortt,
liams, Stephen S. Wilson, Windoin, Trood, Wooa-
bridge, Wbodweid, and Yo«ngr~10 .
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question again recurred upon the motion
of Mr. Spalding, that the rales be suspended
and the House resolve itself into the'Committee
of the'Wh'dle on the amendments of the'Senate
to House bill No. 1599, inaking appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1870.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes74, noesl2; noquorum'voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Beattt were appointed.
The House again divided; 'and the tellers
reported that there Were—ayes 99, noes 12.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, making a quorum.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Pomkroy in the chair.)
NAVAL APPROPRIATION MM.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in
order is the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 1599, making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June SO, 1870.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
strike out " $100,000'' and insert ".§50,000"
in the following clause:
Navy-yard at Boston: .
For repairs of buildings and repairs of all kinds,
$100,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. Since the Committee on
Appropriations came to the conclusion to
recommend concurrence in this amendment
of the Senate we have had an interview with
the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
Admiral Smith, and he eays it is imperatively
necessary that they should have this additional
$50,000, as their dry-dock is nearly worn out,
and they wish to repair it, and it will cost what
t-his'ftppropriation originally called for. I there-
fore hope that the Committee of the Whole will
non-concur in this amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out " £80,000" and insert "150,000" .in the
following clause:
Saw-yard at Washington :
For repairs of all kinds, $80,000
The Committee oa Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
' The amendment was concurred ia.
Third amendment:
Strike out the following:
Naval station atKey West:
For necessary repairs of wharves and buildings,
$2,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Insert after the words "for support of beneficia-
ries (Karal Asylum at Philadelphia) ^>54,000, the
following, and all amount!
' • t *1 I*. .. i l. .   — 4-1* A
hereafter appropriated for the support of the Naval
Asylum at Philadelphia, the beneficiaries therein,
the pay of officers, repairs, contingent and other ex-
penses, shall be charged to and paid from themcome
of the naval pension fund.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend eon'Tirretice.
The amendment was concurred m.
Fifth amendment: • .
Strike ,out under tkehe&d of "Bureaa of Navi-
gation " the fomjwing:
. For compass stations aad for repairs and care of
satBe, $HOOO. "
The Committee on Appropriations Teeom-:
mend concurrence.
The amendment w^s conetisred ih'.'. ■
.. Sixth amen-dtaeat: •;
Strike out "$&09Q" and insert "83,000" Iri ftfr !<$ •'
ing clause: . "" „
For.iuntiBij and other .material for-iBags; and.- I&r
raaki ng and repairing flags of all kinds ior Ule J^avy,.
$6,000. t / . -
The Committee on Appropriations "recom-
mend concurrence. ' * .
The amendment Was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out " $10,000" and insert "$8,D00" ill thu,
following clause:
For freight and traiisportafcKft of navigation mate-
rials, instruments, books, apdstores, po£tjige on pttb'
lio letters, telegraphing on public buaness, advertis-
ingfor proposals, paefcmg-texesand material, blan£-
books, forms, and stationery at* navigation offiees,
$10,000.
The Committee on Appropriations reeoia-.
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment :
Insert the following:
Ifor preparing and publishing map?, charts, nau-
tical books, and other foyctroera-phie informatkiu,
$20,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concuited in.
Ninth amendment:
Under the heading "For expenses of If aval Acad-
emy, namely," strike out the following:
For one professor of the French language, $1,800;
for five assistant professors of the French language,
$7,000; one professor of the Spanish lansaage. §1,800;'
two assistant professors of the Spanish language,
$2,800; one professor of drawing and draughting,
$1,800; three assistant professors of drawing and
draughting, $4,*200; one swrfrd-master, $1,200; two
assistant sword-masters, $1,600; one boxing-master
and gymnast, $!,2iXf, making in all §23,400; and all
professors, assistant professors, and others on duty
or employed in the Naval Academy, excepting tnoso
herewith designated, shall be detailed from the offi-
cers, petty officers, and men of the Navy, and shall
receive no pay or allowances, except their pay as
such officers or men".
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
For pay of professors and others, §60,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non concurrence.
Mr. TWICHELL. I think-the Committee
of the Wholeshould concurin this ameisdment.
The appropriation proposed originally in this
bill for this purpose was $23,400. The Senate
recommend that it be increased to $60,000.
Admiral Porter savs it is absolutely necessary
that the $60,000 should be given for this pur-
pose. I hope, therefore, the Committee of the
Whole will concur in the amendment of the
Senate. ' .
Mr. SPALDING. The Committee of Ap-
propriations thought it best to non-concur in
this amendment oi the Senate, and let it go to
a committee of conference, where we esn ascer-
tain the reason of the Senate for requiring^
large a staff as the one called for in the estij
mates. We did not know tbeir reasons fo£
makingthis amendment,'and we wished tonon-
coucur, so that a committee of conference may
consider the whole matter. It is a very large
staff for that «ehool, and I think we had better
non-concur, and let theroport go tea commit*
tee of conference. '
The amendment was non-concurred m.
Tenth amendment:
In line twenty-six strike out "three" and insert
" one;" so thai the paragraph will read as follows;
For contingent expenses, $61,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
On page 8, in line one. strike out "and so forth,
$10,000," and insert "$3,o80;" so that the paragraph
will read as follows:
For necessary repairs of quarters, §8,6su.
The Committee.ou Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence. .
The ameadiaeut was concurred in.
