, THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
midshipmen to the United States Naval Acad-
emy, on or before the 4th day of March next,
from any State in which the election of
members of the House of Representatives to
the Forty-First Congress does not by law take
place previous to the 1st day of July, 1869,
upon the nomination of the members of the
House of Representatives from such States ittf
the present Congress; provided that no such
appointment shall be made from any State riot
by law entitledHo the appointment of midship-
men in the year 1869.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa^1 I rise to aquestion
of order. Has that subject ever beeh referred^
to the Committee on Reconstruction ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It belongs
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. NORRIS. It has been referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and is reported
upon unanimously.
The SPEAKER. It was referred on Monday
last.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to refer it
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. ■
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. And de-
mand the previous question on it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Norris] is entitled to the floor.
Does he retain it?
Mr. NORRIS. I do. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. I understand the case to be
this: the Committee on Naval Affairs are
agreed in favor of this bill, but they are not in
a position where it can bo reported during this
session. These southern States are just as
much entitled tb members of the Naval Acad-
emy as any other States, but they will be deprived
of the appointment for an entire year unless
this bill is passed. I do not see why any gen-
tleman should object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. According'
to the gentlemai/s statement the Committee
on Naval Affairs not being likely to be called,
they undertake to get the bill in by a flank
movement, getting it reported by a committee
that has no jurisdiction of the matter.
Mr. BLAINE. The jurisdiction is just as
the House confers it. If the matter was re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction
that committee has a right to report upon it.
Mr. NORRIS. I understand by the rules
of the Department nominations have got to
be made within six months. Now Alabama
will have no representation oil this floor be-
cause the election Will not take place in that
time.
Mr. PETERS. These gentlemen want the
same privilege that is accorded to Representa-
tives of the other States, and if they do not get
it by this bill they will not get it at all. My
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Norms,] who is
interested for his constituents, has been before
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and although
they would be glad to report a bill of this char-
acter, they say there will be no opportunity to
do so this session, and so, as the next best
thing, he has gone to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and they have unanimously
allowed him to report the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If I can have the
unanimous consent of the House I will modify
my motion so as to authorize the Committee
on Naval Affairs to report the bill back at any
time ; but the subject belongs to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and the Committee on
Reconstruction have no more to do with it
than they have with the moon.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that leave to report at any time would require
the unanimous consent of the House or a sus-
pension of the rules. The gentleman, from.
Jowa asks unanimous consent that if the bill
be referred to the Committee,on Naval Affairs
they shall have leave to report it back at any
time. Is there objection ?
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. PETERS. The State of Alabama has*
got to get her share of these appointments by'
this bill unless the objection is withdrawn, or
not to get them at all.
r'Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What
harm will that do her?
Mr. PETERS., 'They want to have pupils
at the Navaf Academy as well as the rest of us.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What is the state of the
question now ?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If it is not referred, can
the House act on the bill now?
The SPEAKER.' It can.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Now, if the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Norris] will insist on a
vote instead of permitting discussion, I have
no doubt that in five minutes from this time
the bill will be passed almost unanimously.
Mr. PETERS. Well, let us put it through.
Mr. NORRIS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
make any further opposition in this case; but
I enter a permanent, objection to any more such
bills being referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa; and it was disagreed to—
ayes 36, noes 91.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
■and read a third time; and being-engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. NORRIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee ,0n the next census.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment,
under the resolution of the House of yesterday,
of the following select committee on the next
census: James A. Garfield of Ohio, Nathan-
iel P. Bakes, of Massachusetts, William B.
Allison of Iowa, Addison IT. Laflin of New
York, David Hbaton of North Carolina,
Sawiel B. Axtell of California, and J. S.
Golladay of Kentucky.
claim op joseph anderson.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from th'e Secretary of
War, transmitting, in compliance with the re-
quest of the Committee of Claims, information
relative to' the claim of Joseph Anderson, of
Nashville, Tennessee, for lumber taken by the
UriitcdStates Army during the war ; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
contingent expenses of statedepartment.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of State, transmitting, in compliance
with the acts of May 26,1842, and , 1836, a
statement showing disbursements of contin-
gent funds, balance unexpended, &c. ; which
was referred to the Committee on Expenditures
in the State Department, and ordered to be
printed.
indian appropriations.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a communication from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, submit-
ting estimates of appropriations required to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
Sioux and other Indians of Dakota for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868; also, a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner .of Indian Affairs, submitting esti-
mate of appropriations necessary to fulfill the
treaty of February 19, 1867, with the Sisseton
and Wahpeton bands of Sioux Indians; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1752) to
regulate the manner of applying to Congress
for the removal of the political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; "which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
gjind ordered to J3e printed.
ELECTION COVTBST SWITZLERVS. ANDERSON.
Mr. COOK.. I now will call up as a ques-
tion of privilege the resolutions reported by the
Committee of Elections in the coutested-elec-
ease/of Switzler vs. Anderson.
solutions read as follows :
.That George W. Anderson is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
Fortieth Congress from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Missouri. -
Resolved. That William ]?. Switzler is entitled to
a seatinthis House as a Representative from the
ninth congressional district of Missouri.
The question Was upon agreeing to the first
resolution,
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, this is the sec-
ond report made by the Committee of Elec-
tions in this case. If I can have the attention
of the House for a little while I presume I can
present the points upon which this question
turns, so that every gentleman may see what is
the matter in dispute. On the 23d of March
last the committee made a report in this case,
after examining the testimony, in which they
recommended the adoption of resolutions the
same as those now reported. On the 16th day
of July last, after the report had been consid-
ered in the House, the report of the committee
was recommitted to the Committee of Elec-
tions, with instructions to examine the charges
made by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] against the contestant, with leave
to send for persons and papers, and to report
thereon to the House. That was so near the
close of the session that it was impossible to
make the examination and report thereon at
the last session of Congress.
The charges made against the contestant, as
the Committee of Elections understood, were
charges of personal disloyalty, that he had ren-
dered aid and comfort to the enemy, to those
engaged in the rebellion against the United
States. Although a full opportunity was given,
by the adjournment of Congress, to each party
to take testimony in relation to these charges,
yet no testimony was taken by those maintain-
ing the charge. At this session of Congress
the matter came before the committee without
any testimony having been taken in support of
the charges against the contestant. The charges
were based, to a certain extent,, upon editorial
articles in a newspaper of which the contestant
was the acknowledged editor. The contestant
furnished a copy of the files of his newspaper,
and the committee have examined that file
with care. The contestant has also taken a
large amount of testimony for the purpose of
rebutting the charges which were made against
him in the speech made by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.] I shall not call
attention to that testimony, because the con-
elusion to which the committee have arrived
makes it wholly unnecessary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to interrupt him for one moment at
this point ?
Mr. COOK. Certainly, for a question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know from
the gentleman making this report if the com-
mittee, according to the resolution of the House
instructing them to do so, made any investiga-
tion of this matter? I understand from the
remarks of the gentleman that he wishes to
imply that the House imposed that duty upon
the party making the charge. I did not so
understand the resolution of the House. It
was directory to the committee to make that
investigation. I wish to know if the commit-
tee made any investigation of the matter?
Mr. COOK. I will answer that question.
The committee, upon meeting after this matter
