1869.
TffE GOtf GRESSIONMi GLOBE.
1465
mouth of the Mississippi. Pretty large vessels
can get in there now -without spending any
$50,000. But if a vessel gets in there it can-
not find anything to stay there for. Gentlemen
talk about a coaling station. There is hardly
room on the island to make a decent coal pile
there. There is nothing there, and. will not be
for years. Now, when from the time of. Colum-
bus down to- this time we have done without it;
when Captain Cook could navigate the Paeific
ocean without any such coaling station as this;
when the small vessels that go over the Pacific
can go into this harbor if they want to and if
they do not draw over eighteen feet,~why should
we, in the present state of oar Treasury, begin
here to expend money? There are the Sand-
wich Islands at which vessels caa call if they
have any occasion. But they say vessels may
go in there for shelter. What shelter can they
get there ? What.repairs caa be done there 1
Mr. HIGBY. The Sandwich Islands are six
or eight hundred miles out of the line. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oni of
the line of the steamers? <
Mr. HIGBY. Yes, air.
Mr. BOTLEB. of Massachusetts. Exactly;
and do not they run down there now ?
Mr. HIGBY. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.. They
agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. They have been released from
that agreement by Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massaehusetts. Oh, they
have? Well, I supposed they would get rid of
it in some form. Well, all I can say is they
want us now to build a new coaling station for
them. Let them do it for themselves. I am
sick and tired of everybody coming to the Gov-
ernment to be helped out in their private enter-
prises. If they want a coaling station let them
make it. The Government has no occasion
for it. We have got along since the time of
Columbus without it. It is very strange if, with
a Treasury in the condition that ours is, we
cannot get along without it for one year longer.
Mr. BROOKS. Perhaps, coming.as I do
from the Atlantic sea-board, if the city I rep-
resent could possibly feel any rivalry toward
the Pacific coast or any city upon that coast I
should concur with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bcti.br] in the remarks which
he has made. But feeling as I do that the
Pacific coast is a part of my own shores, and
that the waters of the Pacific ocean on the
coast there are a part of our common country,
I feel it my duty to say, though coming from
the Atlantic sea-board, that I think this small
appropriation ought to be made. It is very
easy to say that it is an insignificant island,
that it is nothing but a coral reef or a rock
suddenly discovered, of no advantage to any-
body, and that therefore this expenditure of
money seems to be money thrown away. Why,
sir, has the gentleman from Massachusetts ever
reflected that the mostirisignificants rocks upon
the ocean, the roost uninhabitable portions of
this earth apparently, have at times become of
the greatest importance and the point of strag-
gle among nations in order to obtain both su-
fremacy of the land and supremacy of the seas?
'or years and years Gibraltar has been strug-
gled for more or less by all the nations of the
earth, and without regard to the expenditure
of money or to cost. Possession of Gibraltar
has been maintained and sustained by theGov-
ernment of Great Britain, a rock as it is, and
only a jutting rock, projecting from the coast
of Spain, of no apparent value. It has been
maintained and sustained without regard to
cost solely because of its local situation and
value. The same maybe said of Malta, an-
other eora parati vely worthless rock in the midst
of the Mediterranean sea. And yet Great Brit-
ain has felt it of the highest importance, the
moment that island was lost by the knights of
Malta, to take possession of it and keep pos-
session of it without regard to cost.
Here is an island in the Pacific ocean, mid-
way between us and the great East, where there
is to be a struggle for trade and for commerce;
an island of more value or of as much value
ag the rock of Gibraltar; an island of .as muflh
value, as the roc.k of Malta. And- our %
obtaining-this island -is what? -Not .lor- the
mere possession of a rock otifif-a. coaling sta-
tion, fojP the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
alone, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butlpi] suggests. It is not at all for (hat
alone, buf. for a Government station-, a aaval
Nation, and deposit of coal midway between
us and. Japan and China, for the use of our
Navy, .and for the benefit of this Pacific Mai}
Steamship Company incidentally^ - '
Mr. VAN TRUMP.. If this 1M# island
so,.important-for a coaling station, Sow does it
happen that it has not been heard of untiL to-
day, notwithstanding the extent of the com-,
Bier.ee of the world?
Mr. BROOKS. There are probably many
islands in the Pacifie ocean which-geographers
have not yet discovered, but which are being
discovered.from, day to" day. The great Paeific
is an unknown sea in many respects. The
northern Paeific oeean haa beeu an almost en-
tirety unknown sea until it lias -recently been
navigated by our vessels and by the China,
steamships.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. It seems tome that if this quest
tion was fully understood by the Committee of
the Whole they would concur w,ith the Senate
in the appropriation that is here proposed. It
is but a few years since it was believed that a
steam Vessel could not navigate the Atlantic
ocean, which was only three thousand miles
across. Within a year we have run a monthly
line of steamers from California to the Asiatic
coast, a distance of five thousand miles.' But
it has been under a great disadvantage becaus.e
of the immense freight of coal which had to be
carried for the use of the steamers. Now an
island just about midway in the Pacific ocean,
twenty-eight hundred miles from the American
eoast and twenty-two hundred miles from the
Asiatic cost, has been discovered by our sail-
ors and taken possession of by our- Govern-
ment, which offers an opportunity for a coasting
station, and a safe, commodious, and spacious
harbor for our commerce.
My colleague from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] asks why should not the Pacifie Mail
Steamship Company do this work for itself? I
will tell him why. It is because the island does
not belong to the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany ; it is in the possession of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and the company
has no right to make this improvement. And
if we want it for the use of the commerce and
the Navy of our country it is our business to
make this appropriation.
My colleague says that this is a new and
novel enterprise. I say that from the very
beginning of the Government we have been
making these improvements for commerce as
well as for the Navy of the Government. The
harbor of Boston has been improved.; the har-
bor of New York has been improved upon
exaetly the same principle. The rivers of the
West have been deepened and straightened and
opened to navigation exaetly upon the same
principles upon which this appropriation has
been asked. Why was it-not said to the mer-
chants of New York and Boston, " If you want
this improvement for commerce do it your-
selves?" The answer is at once and -cora.-
plete—it is the business of the Government.
The amendment of the Senate is very care-
fully drawn. It proposes that this improvement
shall be made by the Government and for the
Government. It is to be done alter a survey
by tlie Government, if in the judgment of the
Government it shall be wanted for naval pur-
poses. That is the object of appropriation
here asked for. It is true in this case, as in
every other case, that the improvement made
for the use and benefit of the Oovernment will
also be for the benefit of the commerce of the
country. Now, what is the benefit to the com-
merce of the country of this line of steam- j
ships established between the American and |
Asiatic coasts? It will not be a year till next •
June since the monthly line was established,
and 4 u ring that ti me the comraeree between tke
American and Asiatic ^coasts has-, more than
doubled. It has found upon -the Asiatic eoast,
as well as in California, Nevada, andrColorado,
new elements of national industry whiclrcan-
not -bat be of vast importance to the ceople
of this country .and to its Treasury. The im-
portation of the eggs of the silkworm ibas been
brought to such an extent that it may be-said
to have established the culture of silk in this
country as a permanent branch of onr industry.
In New England and other parts "of the coun-
try the. matmfac.ture of silk ,ftom the native
product «3 well-as from, the raw silk has be-
come a new and important portion of our
industry. . ; .
The importations by this single mail steam-
sbip company in a single:,year paid in taxes
upon receipts and port dues $100,000. A
single cargo of tea has paid in duties to the
Government $250,000. And this is but the
commencement of that gr.eat commerce which
Columbus had in his mind when he sought oat
the passage to this country and discovered the
American continent.
It is very true, as my colleague [Mr. But-
ler] says, that this island has remained in its
present condition and we have been without
these accommodations from the time of Colum-
bus to this time. But at the present day we are
doing many things that were not done in the
time of Columbus. The appropriation now
asked is one of the things imperatively de-
manded, and which this Government ought to
grant without a moment's hesitation, 1
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Whenever the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] gets up to
talk about the extension of the empire of this
country I listen to him with great interest,
because he has mastered the subject, and has
given to this House from time to time enlarged
views of our prospective greatness. But not-
withstanding all that, and though I am always
captivated with that kind of - argument and
always ought to be, I have come to the con-
clusion that we ought not to.make this ap-
propriation at this time. The Committee on.
Appropriations-considered the question very
carefully. They had before them gentlemen
who are in favor of the appropriation and no-
body opposed to it, and they came to the con-
clusion that the appropriation ought not to be
made now. After the Senate had inserted tho
proposition as an amendment the subject again
came before the committee, who again consid-
ered it and came to the same conclusion, that
we had better not make this appropriation at
this time.
In coming to that conclusion I, for one, was
not prejudiced by what the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boiler] has suggested,
that the steamship company want this appro-
priation made. I know that almost all these
great national enterprises are first suggested by
private interests like this. But I have come
to the conclusion because I saw following this
appropriation an appropriation of probably
£1,000,000 within a very short time in order
to save the $50,000 which we propose to spend
now. After we deepen, the channel we must
have some kind of defenses there for making
the harbor valuable to us; we must have a
light-house built there; we must have officers
of the national Government thereto look after
the island and take care of our property. There
is no fresh water upon the island at all, so we
were informed by the gentlemen who came
before the committee.
Mr. AXTBLL. The report of the officer
who has surveyed the island states that there
is good water there.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Gentlemen who came
before the committee informed us that large
reservoirs would have to be made upon the
island to catch the rain-water, in order to fur-
nish ships with fresh water.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to correct
the gentleman.
Mr. SCOPIELD. i decline to yield at pres-
ent. The only advantage that any of the gan-
