1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
was referred to them, gave notice to the parties
of the question which had been referred to
them, and that the committee would consider
any testimony upon the subject which might be
brought before them. The committee did not
personally proceed to Missouri to take testi-
mony, nor did they subpena witnesses of whom
they had no knowledge and could have no
knowledge.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One word more, if the
gentleman pleases. I do not know if the gen-
tlemau himself was present at the meeting of
the committee, but other members were there
who will recollect full well that I did appeal-
before that committee and gave them a list of
witnesses whom I asked them to subpetia, wiio
would substantiate whatever charges I made in
connection with this matter. 1 want to know
if those witnesses were subpenaed and exam-
ined ?
Mr. COOK. No witnesses were subpenaed
by the committee, and I never heard or learned
that the names of any witnesses were furnished
to the committee,
Mr. UPSON. A moment, if the gentleman
pleases.
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. UPSON. My colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Cook] will probably recollect that
the eommmittee reported a resolution to this
House allowing the parties time to take testi-
mony in relation to the matters charged by
thegentlemanfrom Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,]
extending the time to allow them to lake tes-
timony in Missouri; and that time was made
use of by one of the parties to take testimony;
but the sitting member neglected to take any
testimony, and only the testimony taken by the
contestant has been brought before the com-
mittee for its action since the committee came
together at this session. This, I think, is an
answer to the inquiry of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Bexjamix.] The committee
did allow an opportunity to the parties to pre-
sent evidence for the purpose of settling this
question of alleged disloyalty, if any evidence
touching upon it could be given by parlies in
Missouri cognizant of the facts.
Mr. COOK. That, I believe, is the state
of the facts. The matter escaped my recollec-
tion at the moment.
Now, the committee after examining the file
of the newspaper edited by the contestant, have
come to the conclusion that there is nothing
in that paper to sustain the charge. There are
some articles which the committee deem inju-
dicious, some which they deem mischievous
in their tendency ; but nothing which will bring
the contestantwithin the rule which was adopted
by the committee and confirmed by the House
in the case of the Kentucky elections, which
rule was as follows:
"While the committee entertained no doubt that
it is the right and duty of the House to turn back
from Us very threshold every one seeking to enter
who has been engaged in armed hostility to theOov-
ermnentof the United States, or has given aid or
comfort to its enemies during the late rebellion, yet
we believe that in our Government tho right to rep-
resentation is so Siicred that no man who has been
duly elected by the legal voters of his district should
be refused his beat upon the ground of his personal
disloyalty, unless it is proven that he has been guilty
of such open acts of disloyalty that he cannot hon-
estlv and truly take the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2, 186-2; and further, that the commission of
such acts of disloyalty to the Government should not
be suspected merely, but should he proven by clear
and satisfactory testimony, and t hat, whi le mere want
of active support of tho Government or a passive
sympathy with the rebellion are not sufficient to ex-
elude a person regularly elected from taking bis seat
in the llousc, yet whenever it is shown by proof that
tho claimant has hy act or speech given aid or coun-
tenance to the rebellion he should not be permitted
to take the oath, and such acts of speech need not be
such as to constitute treason technically, bat must
have been so overt, and public, and must have been
done or said under such circumstances, as fairly to
show thattbevwere actually designed to andin ttheir
nature tended to forward the cause of the rebellion.'
One of the articles in the newspaper, and
one upon which much stress was laid in the
speech of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Be.yjami.v,] containing the charges which we
were directed to investigate, was the article in
relation to the death of Colonel Ellsworth. It is
proper for me to say that the contestant denies
all responsibility for and all knowledge of this
article published in his newspaper, and that
he states he disapproved the article when
brought to his attention. There was no evi-
dence showing any responsibility on the part
of the contestant for that article, except the
fact that it appeared as editorial in the news-
paper of which he was the acknowledged editor;
and it is fair to state that the general tenor and
character of the articles in the same paper
were very different.
I now pass to a discussion of the questions
which were considered in the first report of
the Committee of Elections upon this case;
and although the testimony is voluminous, yet
the questions are simple and easily understood.
The ninth congressional district in Missouri
comprises ten counties. At the election held
on the 6th of November, 1808, for member of
Congress, in all the counties of the district,
except the county of Callaway, George W.
Anderson received 4,870 votes, and William
1<\ Switzler received 4,098, making a majority
for Anderson of 178 votes. The county of
Callaway gave Mr. Anderson 163 votes, andMr.
Switzler 1,463 votes. If the vote of this county
had been added to the others Mr. Switzler
would have been elected by a majority of 1,122
votes over Mr. Anderson. The case, there-
fore, turned wholly upon the question whether
the vote of Callaway county should have been
counted or not. The secretary of State of
Missouri, whose duty it is by the law of Mis-
souri to cast up the votes given for members of
Congress, assumed the right to determine that
there had been no legal registration of votes in
the county of Callaway. The first question to
which I ask the attention of the House is
whether he had tho right to do this. I will
briefly refer to the law of Missouri in this con-
nection.
Mr. STOYBR. Will the gentleman read llie
law ?
Mr. COOK. I have not the law before me :
but it provides that the Governor of the State
shall appoint a supervisor of registration in
each county, who is also the president of the
board of appeals and revision. The supervisor
of registration in each county is to appoint an
officer of registration in each election district;
and it is the duty of these officers to make the
actual registration in the manner provided by
law. When this is done, the superintendent
of registration and the several district officers
of registration, constituting a board of regis-
tration, are required to meet on certain days
prior to the election to hear appeals from the
several district registers, and generally to re-
vise the registration in the several election
districts in the county and act upon objections
to any who may have been registered as ac-
cepted voters, the superintendent acting as the
president of the board. When this is done it
becomes the duty of the superintendent to fur-
nish a copy of the registration to the secretary
of State, by whom it is to be preserved in his
office. The only other duty of the secretary
of State is to cast up the votes when returned
to his office. The law nowhere confers upon
him the right to pass upon the legality of the
registration or the legal qualifications of the
voters after the return is made to the secretary
of State; nor does it confer upon him any
judicial or discretionary power whatever in
relation to either of those questions. His
duties are purely ministerial.
The registration of tho vote of Callaway
countv was returned to the office of the secre-
tary of State, as provided hy law, with the fol-
lowing certificate:
"I hereby certify that the above and foregoing list
of registration is a correct copy, as furnished mc.by
the officers of registration, for tho various election
districts in and for Callaway county, Missouri.
There was something more appended to this
certificate, of which I shall speak presently.
Mr. GRAVELY. WilUhe gentleman allow
me to ask hitn a question in regard to the law
of the State of Missouri?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. GRAVELY. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether the registration law of Mis-
souri does not require the registering officer of
each county to send to the secretary of State a
copy of the registration of the county, with his
certificate as to whether the registration is legal
or illegal; whether the law does not further
provide that after the election the clerk of the
county shall certify tho vote to the secretary
of State ; and whether the law does not further
provide that the secretary of State, taking this
certificate of the registering officer and the cer-
tificate of the clerk, shall cast up the votes of
that county?
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I do not under-
stand that the law of Missouri requires the
superintendentofregistration tocertily whether
the registration is legal or illegal. I under-
stand that, on the contrary, the law requires
the superintendent of registration, after tho
board of registration has met, to certify the
registration as the registration of a certain dis-
trict, and return it thus certified to the secre-
tary of State, whose duty it is to file it in his
office; and the only other duty of the secretary
of State is to cast up the votes.
Mr. GRAVELY. I wish to ask another
question. If the gentleman himself had been
the secretary of State of Missouri and the sup-
erintendent of registration of Calloway county
had sent him a list of names certifying that it
was composed of children under the age of ten
years, and that they voted for a certain man
for Congress, would he have counted them or
not?
Mr. COOK. I will answer that question no
further than this: by the law of Missouri the
secretary of State has no right to pass upon
the legality of the registration, and no matter
what 1 or anybody else would have done, I hold
the law to be that his action in that regard was
no more than the action of any other man in
Missouri having no legal authority or jurisdic-
tion of the matter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask tho gentleman if
he is not aware that the law of the State of
Missouri requires the superintendent of regis-
tration to append a certificate to the copy of
the registration list, and if it does not also make
that certificate evidence of the facts therein
stated ; and if in this case the superintendent
of registration did not certify specifically that
the registration of Callaway county was illegal
in consequence of intimidation and other tilings
that prevailed in that county at that time?
Mr. COOK. Tho law of Missouri did make
it the duty of the superintendent to append a
certificate of certain facts to the registration
when he returned it. I understand that the law
required him to identify the registration of that
county, to certify that that was the registration
of the county. He did assume to certify other
facta, of which I shall speak presently.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 would like the gentle-
man to answer the other question as to the
character of the certificate in that case.
Mr. COOK. I am going to speak of that in
its order. I admit for myself that if a man
was not legally registered in the county of Cal-
laway he had no legal right to vote in the State
of Missouri, and that the constitution and law
of that State are both valid and binding.
There was something more appended to this
certificate of which (shall presently speak, but*
this was the fact, and the only fact,, to which
the superintendent of registration had the legal
right to certify.
When the secretary of State assumed the
right to determine that there had been no legal
registration in Callaway county he assumed to
decide a question he had no legal right to de-
cide, and his decision concluded no oneand
determined nothing; the case stands precisely
as it would stand if he had refused to cast np
the vote of Callaway county, assigning np rea-
son, and having no reason for such refusal. _ It
seems clear, then, that the certificate of election
should have been given to Mr. Switzler.
But it is said that this House should, with'
out regard to the action of the secretary of
State of Missouri, itself determine whether
there was a proper registry of voters in Calf a-
