1869.
THE CONG-llESSlONAL GLOBE.
505
such throatening and intimidation used as to deter
lo> al men lrom making objections to the registration
oi the di^ioya). Skate who it was that intimidated
and threatened, and what they did and said?
"Answer. It was the general talk throughout the
eo amy among the dL->lo>al that they intended tu have
a 'tree election or a lree light,'and they intended
to legister anyhow, or have ai'u^s over it. That kept
men irorn going to the place oi registration and lay-
ins in objections.
'I Question. Do you. remember the name of a single
oiiizcn ot (Jallavvay county who threatened or de-
terred any one froiu going forward and making ob-
jections?
"Answer. I often heard persons say that they would
hate to undeitake the registration of tins county,
and that the man who did it would find it a difficult
job.
Question. Bid you write this certificate which you
signed and returned to thesecretary of State with the
enrollment of this county?
"Answer. I did, sir.
" Question. Wasitnotsuggested.in wlioleorinpart,
by the secretary of State?
As well as I can recollect. I went to the
secretary of State with the list of the registration, and
while there I told him as near as I could the manner
in which the registration had been done up in the
county, when he replied to in© that if this be the
case and X could make a certificate to that effect he
thought it probable the whole thing couldbo thrown
out. This is about the substance of all I said to him
on the subject. I lett the registration with him, not
knowing what he would do with it.
" Question. What did you understand the secretary
of State to mean by saying that it 'might all be
thrown out?'
"Ansioer. I understood him to mean that he would
consider the propriety of the step."
I have not time to read the testimony fully ;
but the testimony of Turner, Miller, Johnson,
Cornell, MeKinnev, and others, reported be-
tween pages 12 and 21 of this report, is all the
testimony taken to show that there could be no
legal registration of voters in Callaway county.
3 want to call the attention of the House to the
fact that of the men who made the actual regis-
tration, John Vinson, A. 13. Maupin, Thomas
J. Ferguson, L. B. Hunt, J. D. Snedicor, and
George A. Moore, all certify that they made a
registration without hearing or knowing of any
threats or being in any way intimidated in the
registration. They were the men who made
the actual registration, the men appointed by
the superintendent of registration of that
county, and yet the registration of the precincts
made by them was thrown out equally with the
registration of precincts made by other officers,
upon the ground that the officers making the
registration were threatened and deterred by
threats of violence from making a fair and just
registration ; aud yet these men who made the
registration testify that they knew of no threats
aud heard of none, aud that they were not
afiaid and were not intimidated in any way.
The testimony of Mr. John Vinson, one of
the registrars of Callaway county, is as follows :
"Question. Were you in anywise inLcifercd with
in the diach.nge of your duties by threats or intim-
idation of any kind?
"Aii^io*!-. 1 was not.
" Question, Have you any knowledge of any system
of intimidation ;>nd threatening, by the di.-doyal or
tho.-e opposed to the regi&uy law, to deter you or
Other lojal men from undertaking the registration,
or defer any eitiBtMi from making objections t'  the
registration of petsons who applied tor legislation
and who had no right to rogi-iei ?
"A/utvr. I have not.
" Question. In the discharge of your duties as
registrar did you carrv out in letter and spuit, and
rcquue those who applied lor registration to coufoim
to, the registry hi.vv !
"AnnccK I did, to the best of ray knowledge and
ability. W"hencv er citizens applied lor registration
1 asked the bystanders in an audible yoicejf any of
thorn knew any objection to the peison's registering ;
if so, to come iorward and st.ito it. This was my in-
varabio practice, and also to aok thocje who applied
tor registration if they considered themselves qual-
ified voters under the constitution and laws of the
State; and no man registered without fiist taking
and subscribing the oath of loyalty."
Thomas H. Beetling, one of the registrars of
Callaway county, also testifies to the same facts.
The testimony of A. B. Maupin, one of the
registrars of Callaway county, is as follows:
"Question. Were you in any manner threatened,
intimidated, or otherwise interfered with m the dis-
charge of your duties as registrar?
" Answer. I was not. ,, . *
" Question. In your opinion would objectors to ap-
plicants for registration have been in any danger ct
violence andmsultfrom persons opposed to the regis-
try law, or others? , ,. T, ,
*' Answer. I do not know that they would. I heard
nothing of the kind. _ Tr
"Question. Is the certificate of W. If. Thomas,
supervisor of registration, as set out m the answer
of Mr. Anderson, contcstee, [and was read to
the witness,] true or false, so far at * <utr district is
concerned?
" Anvwer. I believe, so far as it relates to my dis-
trict, it is false."
The testimony of Thomas J. Ferguson, one
of the registrars of Callaway county, is as fol-
lows:
"Question, As such officer were you in any manner
threatened or intimidated or interfered with in the
discharge of your duties?
"Ansxoer. No, sir.
"Question. Did you, as registrar, carry out in letter
and spirit the registration law, or allow any person
to register who did not conform to said law ?
"Answer. I did carry out the law to the best of my
ability, and did not allow any one to register who
did not conform to it.
"Question. Did you allow any person to register as a
voter whom you did not regard as entitled to vote
under the law ?
"Answer. I did not."
Perhaps the political sentiments of the men
who give this testimony should be considered.
Upon that point the testimony of Mr. Vinson
is as follows:
"Question. During the war were you not an out-
spoken friend ot theGovernmont of tho United States
and a Union man, and are yet?
"Answer. I was, and am yet."
The testimony of Mr. Maupin upon that point
is as follows:
"Question. During tho existence of the rebellion and
up to this time were you a fiiend ol the UnitedStatcs
and advocate of tho Government and a Union man,
or not?
"Answer. I was, and rejoiced at tho overthrow of
the rebellion."
The testimony of Mr. Ferguson is as follows:
"Question. During the existence of the rebellion and
up to this tune were you a lriend of the Government
or not? .
"Answer. On account ot my sentiments during the
war 1 have been denounced as a black llepublican;
but 1 am a Union man, and always have been."
The testimony of L. B. Hunt, tho registrar
of district No. 7 of Callaway county, is as fol-
lows:
" Quel!ion. In the discharge of your duties as regis-
trar weie you threatened, intimidated, or intorforod
with m any way whatever by citizens of your town-
ship or any other township?
"Answer, I was not, sir.
" Question. Did you, as registrar, comply witn the
laws and constitution of the State, and enforce the
same in letter and spirit?
" Anwer. I did, accoiding to my understanding of
its refinements.
" Question. Did you register any citizen whom you
did not think was entitled to vote under tho law?
" A nsioer. 1 did not.
" Qvi'tfwii. Did every citizen who registered as a
qualified voter take the oath of loyalty ?
" Aniwrr. They did, sir."
John Vomit, of Callaway county, and one of
the registrars, gives the following testimony:
" Question "Were you in any manner threatened,
intimidated, oi luteila-ed with in any way?
No more than with lawsuits.
"Question. Did many persons threaten you with
lawsuits?
"Ai>s!0'-i. >Tc t many. S«mo men took me aside
and told mo if 1 did not nwlcr without asking so
many quc^ioiih i would be sued. No man told me
ho would >ue me but llob<>rl 0. Irvin; but he was
afterw.ml* rosrUh-iod, and no nut has been brought.
" Qitfhtwn. Did you not, alter the icgMration had
progressed one or two davs nuke a voluntary afli*
da vit tli.it you were not di^fui bed? .
" Ansucr. I made -t'tt cmeiit that 1 was not alnti'i
of the people of New Dloomfield or of the towiu-hip.
"Question. Did you make a legal registration ot
your township as required by your oath of olhco I
\ "Answer. As legal as 1 could."
! John K. Bovd, one of the registrars of Cal-
! laway comity, tesUlies that the registration was
conducted quietly and peaceably, and that there
was no disturbance of any kind.
George A. Moore was registrar of district
No. fi, of Callaway county, and his testimony
is as follows:
° Question. Were you in any manner threatened,
intimidated, or mtcilcred with during the discharge
of the duties of your office?
"Answer. J was not. .
*• Question. As such officer did you comply m letter
and spirit with the iegisna4ion law ?
"Answer. I did,to th# b*sfcof my knowledge.
" Qv^tion. I> the certificate of William 11. i homa\
supervisor of registration,as set outm the answer oi
Mr. Anderson, eontestec, [and which was read to the
witness,] true or talse, so tar as your district is con-
cerned ?
"Answer. It is false in mine. .
" Question. During the warwere you a union man r
"Answer, 1 was."
There are a large number of other witnesses,
who were not officers of registration, who give
similar testimony. I "want, however, to refer
the House to the testimony of one of the regis-
trars setting forth a different state of facts, for
the purpose of showing what were the kinds of
threats which weie made, if any were made.
The testimouy of James E. Turley is as fol-
lows :
" Question. In your examination in chief you state
that after you signed tho oertificato to your registra-
tion you heard things which if you had known be-
fore > on would not have signed it. Statewhat these
things are, and by whom said.
"Answer. I stated yesterday that I did not sign
thecertifieatc.asthe book shows: it was an omission:
I intended to sign it. I heard that I had registered
men who had been in tho rebel army.
"Question. What things were these, and who told
yon?
"Answer, The assistant provost marshal told me;
his namo was J. D. Golley. lie told me that Charles
Tarrwas in the rebel army, and I had registered
linn and I expect he voted.
" Qufntion. Whatother things did you hear?
"Answer. That is enough, sir.
"Question. Did you hear anything else?
"Anxioer. If ldid I do not know whether it was
true or false.
" Question. Did you hear that you registered any
other man besides Tarr who was in the rebel army?
No, sir.
"Qnosium. You say that there was intimidation
ncainstyouby fearot being interrupted. "Whatinter-
ruption did > ou fear?
"./Utsiw. I feared that on account of a meeting
of confederate soldiors in Fulton on the third day
of my registration, to decide whether they should
vote in dependent of the registration or not—1 thought
I would bo interrupted in the discharge of my duties.
They went and did nothing, and my tears subsided/'
The threats which are testified to by any of
these officers are threats that suits would be
brought against them, or something of that sort.
If members will look over the notes I think
they will find that no actual threats are proven
to have been brought to the knowledge of the
officers which should have deterred any man
from making the registration.
Without further reviewing the evidence, for
want of lime, I deem these conclusions fair
from the evidence:
First. That in more than half of the districts
of the county no threats were made which
came to the earsof the registrars, and no fears
were entertained by them.
Second. That there is 110 testimony sufficient
to warrant the belief that a registration of the
voters ot Callaway county under the law was
impracticable in any district.
Third. 'J'hat no legal evidence has been
given showing that more than ten or a dozen
men were improperly registered ; for surely the
opinions and surmises of men, not professing
to hi; founded upon their personal knowledge
of facts, but confessedly upon rumor and com-
mon fame, are not legal evidence; surely the
registration of Callaway county cannot be re-
jected because II. S.Turner supposed there were
not more than two hundred and eighty qualified
voters in Callaway county entitled to be regis-
tered under the law. These opinions of men
must necessarily differ as widely as their polit-
ical views differ. Theconelusioitsof the sworn
ofiu-ers who made the legistration must stand
until it is shown by the evidence of facts that
men nut entitled to vote were registered, and
then the votes of the men thus shown to have
been improperly registered should not be
counted ; but why should the districts registered
by Vinson, Maupin, Ferguson, Hunt, Moore,
and Snedicor be thrown out upon the ground
that these men were prevented from making a
legal registration by threats and intimidation,
when they all testify that they heard no threats,
felt no fears, and did make a legal and fair
registration ?
Wo have settled this question precisely in
this Congress in the case of Birch t's. Vax
Hons. Mr. Birch complained that his polit-
ical friends were not allowed to be registered or
to vote. He produced the testimony of numer-
ous witnesses that in their opinion some 2,500
legal voters had not been allowed to regis-
ter or to vote. No counter testimony was
given. The number of cases specified and made
certain was small, and not sufficient to over-
come the majority of Mr. Van Hoks. The
Committee of Elections unanimously reported
that the testimony of the opinions and suppo-
