1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 22,
The following statement will give the informa-
tion :
Appropriations for expenses of printing, &e„ United
States Bonds and Treasury notes since July 1.1861.
Act July 17,1861  *200.000
Act August 5,1861  100,000
Act July 11,1862  20°'°99
Act March 3,1883  600,000
Act February 25,1882    300,000
Act March 1,1862, (deficiency)  100,000
Act March 3,1864  100.000
Act .June 25,1864*  1,000.000
Act June 30,1864 600,000
Act March 3,1865  600,000
Act July 23,1866  2,000,000
Act March 7,1867  2,000,000
Act July 20,1868  1.250,000
Total  9.150.000
Asked for deficiency bill   550,000
Appropriation for sundry civil expenses.... 1,800,GOO
Total. $11,500,000
That makes a total of over twenty-two mil-
lion dollars for printing for the Government
during the time I have named.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] is wandering from the
subject under consideration, which is the pub-
lic printing, and not the printing of United
States bonds and Treasury notes.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest that I am
referring to the expenses of the Government
for printing and the necessity for economy at
all points. However, I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the public binding, $300,000: Provided, That
all blank books and binding shall be made and done
jit the Government bindeiy; and all payments of
public money for Government printing or binding
not done at the Government Printing Office accord-
ing to tho provisions of tho act of July 20,1868, shall
not bo allowed by the accounting officers of the Gov-
ernment: Provided further. That no proposition for
printing extra copies of public documents, the ex-
pense of which shall exceed the sum of $500 shall bo
considered by either House of Congress until the
same shall have been referred to tho joint Commit-
tco on Printing, and ordered by conourrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses.
For lithographing and engraving for the Senato
and House of Representatives, $85,000.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I raise a
point of order on the following proviso, just
read by the Clerk:
Provided further. That no proposition for printing
extra copies of public documents, tho expense of
which shall exceed the sura of $500 shall be consid-
ered by either House of Congress until the same shall
have been referred to the joint Committee on Print-
ing, and ordorod by eoncurrcnt resolution of the two
Houses.
I submit that this proposes to change an ex-
isting law, and is out of order in an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman from Missouri did not
raise his point of order in time; that the Clerk
bad read beyond the proviso, and had finished
reading the next paragraph before the gentle-
man raised his point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from Missouri was endeav-
oring to get the floor at the close of the para-
graph to which the proviso is attached.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. Yes, sir; I
was.
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order is
insisted on the Chair must sustain it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to state that the
point of order is made too late. When the
paragraph in question had been read, expect-
ing that somebody would make the point, I
was listening closely ; and I observed that the
Clerk paused an unusually long while for him
before he read the next paragraph ; and after
the next paragraph had been read entirely
through the gentleman from Missouri rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware of
the fact that the Clerk continued to read, and
had read the next two lines.
*At this point the form of appropriation changes
from specific sunjs to percent, on amount issued. Xhe
amount of this and the two next are therefore com-
puted on amounts provided by the acts. All the
others are specific, and the present deficiency shows
that the entife amounts haye been expended.
Mr. SCOFIELD. But with quite a long
pause before reading them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair having seen
that the gentleman from Missouri was attempt-
ing to obtain the floor while the reading was
going en, appealed to him to state whether he
had sought the attention of the Chair it once
on the conclusion of the reading of the para-
graph, and he stated that he had done so.
Upon such questions of fact the Chair must
always accept the statement of the gentleman
concerned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman say that he rose in time?
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I could not
raise the point of order until the paragraph had
been read; but as soon as it had been read I
rose and sought to arrest the attention of the
Chair. I do not care particularly about the
point of order so far as regards this item, but
as there are several similar items upon which
I intend to raise the point, I thought I might
as well raise it now.
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order is
insisted upon the Chair will sustain it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I ask the gentleman from Missouri,
through you, whether he proposes to insist on
this point. If there are other items upon which
he wishes to raise the point he can do so at the
appropriate time. If the gentleman insists on
his point, then, as this is a very important mat-
ter with regard to economy in the conduct of
business, I shall move that the committee rise
so that the rules may be suspended to allow
the proviso to be inserted.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I have made
the point rather as a matter of precedent than
otherwise; for I do not care very much about
this particular item. I will agree to waive the
point if we can have a vote on the proviso in
the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
agree to that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Massachusetts having
charge of this bill agrees thata motion to strike
out this clause may be made in the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The Olerk read as follows :
For lithographing and ongravin g for tho Senate and
House of Representatives, $85,000,
Mr. STOVER. I should like to have some
explanation of that appropriation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
a large quantity of lithographing which has to
be done for reports ordered by Congress, such
as the illustrations which accompany the Patent
Office Report. I will state for the information
of the gentleman and of the House that this
printing which appears here is for the benefit
of our constituents, and is regularly distributed
to them, and this lithographing forms a neces-
sary part of that printing.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think we make a special
appropriation for the Patent Office Report,
which is expended under the head of that De-
partment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For payment of judgments which may be rendered
by the court in favorofclaimants,§100,000: Provided,
That no judgment of said court for any sum exceed-
ing $5,000 shall be paid unless tho same shall be eon-
firmed by Congress.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a point of order
on the provision in that paragraph. Itchanges
the existing law, and therefore is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order under the rule, and the provis-
ion will therefore be stricken out of the bill,
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to know
whether points of order were reserved on this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Points of order were
reservted on all of these appropriation bills.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will move the provis-
ion with a modification which will bring it
within the rule. It is as follows:
Provided, That no judgment of said court for any
sum exceeding $5,000 shall be paid out of this ap-
propriation unless the same shall be oonfirtned by
Congress.
Mr. NIBLACK. That still changes the
existing law, and I make the point that it is
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does tlie gentleman
retain the words "unless the same shall be
confirmed by Congress?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do. It is a limitation
of the appropriation,.and such limitations have
been decided more than once to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that the provision is in order as a lim-
itation of the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I move to strike out the
entire proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order,
as it has just been inserted.
Mr. POLAND. Then I have been misled
in reference to the matter. If I had known
that I should have insisted ,on a division on
the' amendment, but I give notice that I shall
ask for a vote on it in the Housed
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the President of the United
States, $25,000.
Mr. PETERS. I move to strike out " $25-
000" and insert " $40,000," and to add the
following:
And after the 1st day of March. 1869, the compen-
sation of the President of the United States shall be
at the rate of *840.000 per annum, with the use of tho
furniture and other effects belonging to the United
States now in the possession of the President.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point that the
gentleman's amendment is not in order.
Mr. PETERS. It is in order under the
rules as laid down in the Digest.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
with the exception of the last three lines the
amendment is in order. It has been ruled,
although you cannot change existing law, yet
it is in order where a salary has been fixed by
law to increase the sum proposed to be appro-
priated. Under that rule, and in accordance
with the previous rules, the Chair will hold
that with the exception of the last three lines,
which propose new matter, the amendment is
in order
Mr. PETERS. I offer the amendment with
the words excepted to stricken out, as follows:
Strike out" $25,000" and insert "$40,000," and add
the following: and after the 1st day of March, 1869,
the compensation of the President of the United
States shall be at the rate of $40,000 per annum.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point that this
is not in order, as it changes an existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read an
authority from the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuations of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for tho contingencies for
carrying on the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment."
" It has been decided that under this rule it is not
in order to propose an amendment to a general
appropriation bill which changes an existing law.
But itwos also decided that the latter branch of the
rule not only permitted amendments increasing sal-
aries, but was framed for that very purpose."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairdecides under
authority just read that the point of order is
not well taken.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, on consid-
ering the compensation of the officers of this
Government, to which subject my attention
has been casually drawn, I find that this is the
only salary made in the beginning of the Gov-
ernment which has not at least once been
raised. I find that no salary fixed before the
present century except this one which has not.
been once or twice increased. I think I am
right; but I will not state it with the same
positiveness in saying that there is no salary of
any officer of any Department that has not
been increased within the last twenty years.
Mr. BURLEIGH. If the gentleman will
allow me, I think he is in error. The salaries of
Indian agents have not been raised. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PETERS. Sir, in the purity of this
Government before the present century they
