506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
sitioris of*men was not evidence; that tbe proof
must be 'specific and show what, men' were
thus improperly disfranchised, and the House'
sustained the action of the committee. The
two cases are precisely analogous in principle,
and if the same rule of evidence is applied in
this case as in that it will certainly follow
that tbe resolutions of the" committee must be
adoptejd. Elor myself, I am entirely unwilling
to apply one rale of evidence in the.case of a
political friend, and a rule directly the reverse
in tbe case of a political opponent. '
Mr. STOVEKu Mr. Speaker, I yield ten
minutes of my hour to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. PeterS.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I have ex-
amined the testimony in this case on a previous
occasion ; and that examination led me to the
conclusion, as a matter of law and fact, that
Mr. Anderson is the gentleman entitled to the
seat. Holding this opinion, I desire in a very
few words to give to the House my reasons for
entertaining it.
It seetns to me, Mr. Speaker, that while the
majority of the Committee of Elections, com-
posed of eminent lawyers, have announced the
principle that the requirement of the " iron-
clad oath," which is a part of the constitutional
law of Missouri, is to be respected, they have
rather swerved from applying this principle to
the testimony in the case. It is a question of
fact whether Callaway county was so far dis-
loyal tjiat its vote should be in part or in whole
rejected in making the count. The gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] who has just
taken his seat, says that there must be distinct
proof against the individuals who are to be
disfranchised. That rule may have an appli-
cation if the committee or the House decide
to reject only a portion of that vote ; but I af-
firm, upon the testimony in the case, that there
is so much disloyalty and so much fraud dis-
closed by the evidence in print in this case, that
the whole vote of Callaway county ought to be
rejected. There can be no sifting of the votes
cast. The fraud practiced in that election, as
disclosed in the evidence, was soalarmingand
widespread Ijhat Callaway county, so far as
that election is concerned, should be stricken
from this record.
In the firstplace, let me say that at that elec-
tion no man had a right to vote "who had
ever by act or word manifested his adherence
to the cause of the enemies of the Govern-
ment, or his desire for their triumph over the
arms of the United States, or his sympathy with
those engaged in exciting or carrying on rebel-
lion against the United States." Now, what-
ever may have been the fact in Missouri, a
State marked by the red track of war, I can
say_to the House that even in tho State of
Maine, a portion of which I have the honor to
represent, if that rule had been applied in any
election during the war not one tenth of the
Democratic voters of that State would have
been permitted to exercise the elective fran-
chise. And 1 believe the question with us here
to-day is whether the House will stand by this
law of Missouri, or whether, admitting that it
is constitutional, we shall swerve from the
duty which is imposed upon us.
The majority of the committee say that there
is a prima facia case for the contestant. Sup-
posing there is, any gentleman who will fairly
and carefully examine the testimony must,
I think, see that this prima facie case is
thoroughly overturned. The committee say,
further, that the registrars do not admit that
they practiced wrong or committed errors.
Why, sir, it would hardly be in human nature
for them to do so. But even from those regis-
trars themselves there is evidence, of an indi-
rect _character, showing that the registration
was improperly made. Every one of the regis-
trars, I believe, has testified that in his opinion
there were not two hundred loyal citizens in
Callaway county voting the Democratic ticket;
at any rate, a portion of those officers have so
testified. And further than this, if I have read
the testimony aright, the contestant himself
is proved to have said and written that there
were not two* hundred-loy^l men in Callaway
county. I cannot find anywhere in the whole
record that he has denied that statement under
oath, or that there is anything tending to con-
tradict it; and if this statement of the party
himself is true the vote of Callaway county
should be entirely thrown out, and Mr. Ander-
son is entitled to the seat.
This position is sustained by a great deal of
cogent testimony. In the' first place, it appears
by the evidence that men advised the voters to
take the oath and register—although they could
not do so legally—on the ground that the regis-
tration act was unconstitutional. I find, from
the testimony that only twenty men went from
this county to the war. I find that no Union
meetings we allowed to be held there 5 no
Union sentiments were permitted to be spoken.
I find that the militia could not be enrolled in
that county, except by the aid of a guard of
enrolling officers. I find that at this election
men who had fought and bled in the rebel
army were allowed to register and to vote. ■ I
find that one registrar resigned because he
could not perform successfully his duties. I
find that at one place twenty-five men who
were not sworn at all voted. All these are
indicia.
I have not time, to go further. I take the
contestant at his own word, and I find the
record, full of evidence to substantiate that
word or that letter which he wrote saying that
there were not two hundred loyal men in Cal-
laway county. If there were not then that
county, in which from l,400to 1,600 votes were
cast, has filled the ballot-boxes with disloyal
votes; and the election this year, which has
been very carefully guarded, shows that fact.
These are the reasons which have led me to
the conclusion, the earnest conviction, thatMr.
Anderson is entitled to his seat. Thanking
the gentleman for his courtesy, I will take no
more of his time.
Mr. STOVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise con-
scious of the peculiar and embarrassing cir-
cumstances attending me while participating
in this discussion. Had I consulted my own
feelings and desires I should have remained
in my seat a quiet and observant listener; .but
a sense of justice to my constituents, to that
noble State which, in part, I have tbe honor
to represent, and to the great cause of loyalty
everywhere, as well as to the vindication of
salutary and indispensable laws enacted for
the preservation of the liberty and vitality of
a State, these call upon me not to let pass
unnoticed the attacks of the honorable gentle-
men who differ with me upon this question, or
to sit in silence so long as loyalty may need a
champion; and it is this that causes me to
overcome that delicacy which one must natur-
ally feel where the parties to a contest are from
his own Slate ana where one is a political
friend.
For the contestant, Mr. Switzler, I cherish
none but the kindest feelings. Though differ-
ing in political sentiments, I freely accord to
him the traits of a good citizen and an hon-
orable man; and it makes the pain more poig-
nant that against a contestant so esteemed
justice demands that I should protest, with all
the power that is in me, against his occupying
the seat to which, in my opinion, the sitting
member is legally elected.
What, then, sir, are the facts in this case?
Acting upon the plain constitutional proposi-
tion that "each State shall have the power to
prescribe the qualifications of its own voters,"
in April, 1865, the people of Missouri changed
their constitution, to the third and sixth sec-
tion of the second article of 'which I desire to
call the attention of this House:
"Sec. 3. At any election held by the peopleunder
this constitution, or in pursuance of any law in this
State, or under any ordinance or by-law of any mu-
nicipal corporation, no person shall be deemed a
qualified voter who has ever been in armed hostility
to the United States, or to the lawful authorities
thereof, or to tho government of this State, or has
ever given aid, comfort, countenance, or support to
persons engaged in any such hostility; orhas everin
any manner adhered to the enemies, foreign or do-
mestic, of tho United States, either by contributing
to them, or by unlawfully sending within their lines
money, goods, letters, or information; or has ever
disloyally held communication with such enemies,
or has ever advised or aided any person to enter the
service of such enemies; or has ever by act or word
manifested his adherence to the cause of such ene-
mies, or his desire for thoir triumph over the arms of
the United States, or his sympathy with those en-
gaged in exciting or carrying 011 rebellion against the
United States; orhasever, except under overpower-
ing compulsion, submitted to the authority or been
in the service of the so-called 'confederate States
of America,' or has ever left this State and gone
within the lines of the armies of the so-called 'con-
federate States of America,' with the purpose of
adhering to said States or armies, or has ever been a
member of, or connected with any order, society, or
organization inimical to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, Or to the government of this State; or has
ever been engaged in guerrilla warfare against loyal
inhabitants of the United States, or in that descrip-
tion of marauding commonly known as " bushwhack-
ing," or has ever knowingly and willingly harbored,
aided, or countenanced any person so engaged; or has
ever come into, or has left this State for the purpose
of avoiding enrollment for or draft into the military
service of the United States, or-has ever with a view
to avoid enrollment in tbe militia of this State or to
escape performance of duty therein, or for any other
purpose, enrolled himself, or authorized himself to
be enrolled, by or before any officer as disloyal or as
asoutliern sympathizer, or in any other terms indicat-
ing his disaffection to the Governmeiitof the United
States in its contest with rebellion, or his sympathy
with those engaged in such rebellion, or having ever
voted at any election by the people in this State, or
in any other of the United States, or in any of their
Territories, or held office in this State, or in any other
ofthe United States,orin any of their Territories, or
under theUnited States, shall.thereafter havesought
or received under claim of alienage the protection of
any foreign Government, through any consul or other
officer thereof, in order to secure exemption from
military duty in the militia of this State or in tho
Army of the United States ; nor shall any such per-
son be capable of holding in this State any office of
honor, trust, or profit under its authority, or of being
an officer, councilman, director, trustee, or other man-
ager of any corporation, public or private, now ex-
isting or hereafter established by its authority, or of
acting as a professor 01- teacher in any educational
institution or in any common or other school, or of
holding any real estate or other property in trust for
tho use of any church, religious society, or congrega-
tion. But the foregoing provision in relation to acts
done against theUnited Statessballnotapply to any
person not a citizen thereof, who shall have com-
mitted such acts while in the service of some foreign
country at war with the United States, and who has
since such acts been naturalised, or may hereafter be
naturalized under the laws of theUnited States, and
the oath of 'loyalty hereinafter prescribed, when
taken by any such person,, shall be considered as
taken in such sense."
" Sec. 6. The oath to be taken as aforesaid shall be
known as tho oath of loyalty, and shall be in the fol-
lowing terms: 1, A B, do solemnly swear that I am
well acquainted with the terms of the third section
ofthe second article of the constitution of the State
of Missouri, adopted in the year 1865, and have care-
fully considered the same; that X have never, di-
rectly or indirectly, done any of the acts in said sec-
tion specified; that X have always been truly and
loja'.lyon tho side of the United Stat'es against all
enemies thereof, foreign and domestic; that I will
over bear true faith and allegiance to the United
States, and will support the Constitution and laws
thereof as the supreme law of the land, any law or
ordinance of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing; that I will, to the best of my ability, protect and
defend the Union of the United States, and not allow
the same to be broken up and dissolved, or the Gov-
ernment thereof to be destroyed or overthrown under
any circumstances, if in my power to prevent it;
that I will support the constitution of the State of
Missouri, and that I make this oath without any
mental reservation or evasion, and hold it to be bind-
ing on mo."
In accordance with the provisions of this
Constitution the Legislature on the following
winter passed an act to provide for the regis-
tration of voters, approved December 16,1865,
(see sections eight and nine,) and afterward a
supplemental act, approved March 12, 1866.
(Sec section one.)
The validity of these constitutional provis-
ions and laws, in my opinion, are beyond a
doubt. Suffrage is not an inherent, or natural,
but a politic right. It is a privilege granted
by the superior power of a State to.such of its
citizens as may be deemed will judiciously ex-
ercise it. In times of peace and great material
prosperity, and when 110 danger threatens the
State, this immunity may be extended; but
when hoary-headed treason rears its horrid
front; when traitors, with fraternal blood yet
dripping from their hands, would ruthlessly
grasp the reins of government and hurl it with
themselves into political ruin, then it is not
only the prerogative but the duty of the State
to make such salutary restraining laws as may
insure it.s safety and prosperity.
Mr. Speaker, during the recent rebellion
