1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Claim of Miss Sue Murphey—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
body, that the only authoritative power of a
superior court over an inferior court is in the
case decided, and no other. The judgment of
Chief J ustiee Marshall to which 1 have-referred
overruled the decision of the court in Virginia.
Whenever a similar case arose that court in
Virginia might reject the, authority as estab-
lished by Chief Justice Marshall in the case of
Cohens, and ought to do so, and in rejecting
the authority of that case it would commit no
contempt; it would violate no legal or consti-
tutional obligation upon it. The only remedy
for the second dissent of the inferior court
from the principle of the previous case would
be to take that identical case up to the Supreme
Court and have the judgment in that particular
case also reversed. That is the only legal,
effective, authoritative power which any supe-
rior court has over an inferior court. It can
only coerce obedience to its mandates, to its
principle in a case directly coming up to it,
where it certifies its decision in the particular
case again to the inferior court.
I therefore say that the authority of the Su-
preme Court in the prize cases is against the
Constitution ; that the ruling and principles
decided by the Supreme Court in the Alexander
cotton case are against the Constitution. They
ought not to be respected by the Senate; they
ought not to be respected by any court; they
ought not to be respected by any citizen. They
ought only to be respected by the inferior
court in another case of the same kind going
up from the inferior court to the superiorcourt
and the judgment being pronounced in that
identical case. That is certainly a sound prin-
ciple.
Now, Mr. President, I have a few remarks
to make upon general principles. Every polit-
ical corporation has one common power, and
that is the police power. It has the power to
maintain order within its jurisdiction and to
euforce the execution of such laws as it may
enact. That is the great internal peace power
of every political community. It exists in
cities. It exists in Baltimore; it exists in
New York. It exists in the States of the Union.
It exists in a different form in the United
States. Let me proceed to illustrate it. A
mob rises, as it often has risen, in the city of
Baltimore. It resists the execution of the city
ordinances and laws and the authority of the
city courts. It overthrows them for the time.
It supersedes its regular and legal jurisdiction
by an anomalous, irregular, and revolutionary
jurisdiction. What is the police power of the
proper government of Baltimore ? It may sum-
mon to its aid military power, and by the assist-
ance of armsit may reduce those who are resist-
ing the city government to obedience to its
law. It may meet them in battle. It may
shoot them downin battlearray. Itrnay exer-
cise all the powers and do all the acts in that
particular service that two conflicting armies
acting under any authority may do. But when
the mutiny is subdued and the mutineers are
reduced to obedience the power of the city
government over the subject is exhausted and
the former state of things is restored, as though
there had never been such irregular and violent
resistance.
Now, take the case of a State. There was
an insurrection in Massachusetts when the Con-
stitution was cradled, called Shays's rebellion.
It obtained in Worcester and that portion of
the State. It took possession of two or three
counties. It expelled the government of Mas-
sachusetts and all of its tribunals and all of its
laws and authority from those counties. The
government of Massachusetts moved upon this
rebellion with military power and with perfect
authority to put down the rebellion by military
power. The rebellion was put down. Shays
himself was pardoned, and afterward became
an applicant to Congress for pay for his revo-
lutionary services, and had a bill passed to
teward him. But so soon as the State gov-
ernment and authorities of Massachusetts put
down Shays's rebellion their power ceased ; it
was exhausted. If Shays and his rebels were
to be pursued afterward they were to be pur-
sued as criminals under the statutory and civil
laws of Massachusetts in her civil courts, who
were vested with authority to try such offenses.
Mr. President, precisely analogous is the
power vested in Congress by the Constitution
to suppress insurrection and rebellion. They
may do it by using the armies and calling out
the militia of all the States. They may do it
by force of arms, by the conflict of arms; and
in that conflict of arms they may meet prop-
erly and constitutionally the insurgents in bat-
tle as though those insurgents were a foreign
invading enemy; but the power of Cotigressis
simply to suppress the insurrection, and when
the insurrection is suppressed the power is ex-
hausted as completely as the-power of a State
government is exhausted when it puts down a
rebellion against the State, as in Rhode Island.
Just as a city government may use the same
means, an armed force to put down an insur-
rection against it, and as that whole power is
exhausted when the insurrection is put down,
so is the power of Congress and of the Gen-
eral Government in relation to the suppression
of an insurrection exhausted when the insur-
rection is put down and the people have sub-
mitted fully and completely to the authority of
the Government of the United States.
In addition to the police power in political
communities some of them have the war
power. The police power enables a city to
suppress an insurrection against its govern-
ment. That is not a war power. Boston, New
York, and Baltimore have no power to declare
war, to wage war, in the sense in which that
term is understood when it is used in relation
to conflicts between foreign States with bel-
ligerent obligations and duties. A State has
no power to wage war. There is but one power
to make war—the Government of the United
States. I do not mean a mere contest, of
course. That is the general phrase that char-
acterizes all disputes by force of arms, whether
by States, eities, or people; but I mean war as
it is understood by publicists and by the law
of nations. I say that war as thus defined and
understood can be made iu the United States
only by one power, and that is the power of
Congress. From whence is that power derived ?
Prom the Constitution. The Supreme Court
years ago expressly decided, and in the prize
cases decided, that the Gen'eral Government
has no power' to declare war against a State.
I go further than that: I say that the General
Government has no power to make war against
a State without a formal declaration or proc-
lamation. It may be made in act and in fact
without proclamation. The General Govern-
ment has not only no power to declare war, but
it has no power to make war against a State.
When it enters into a conflict of arms with the
people of a State it is not war; it is not the
exercise of the war power. The war power is
not to be and cannot be legitimately exercised
against a State. It is the exercise of the police
power against the enemy, however numerous,
and whether they are State officials or not, to
compel them to obey the laws and authority of
the United States, to ground and surrender the
arms which they hold in their hands m violent
and bloody resistance to the authority of the
United States. When that work is accom-
plished every vestige of power of tlie (xenerai
Government, much less of Congress, ceases.
I admit that it is a universal principle ot
national law that whenever two nations are at
war with one another, whether by declaration
or proclamation, or war in fact without either
declaration or proclamation, the laws ot na_
tions treat every subject or citizen of one ot
the States as the enemy of the other btate;
but 1 assert that that principle has no applica-
tion to the American scheme ot government;
it has no application in our country. J-1®1J*1®
advert to one or two of its absurdities. What
is the extent to which this principle prevails
according to Vattel and all other writers upon
national law and as recognized by the decision
of the Supreme Court? I will read only a line
or two from a case decided by Chief Justice
Marshall:
" Respecting the power nf Government no doubtis
entertained. That war gives to the sovereign full
right to take the persons and confiscate the property
of the enemy wherever fbund is conceded. The mit-
igations of this rigid rule, which the humane and
wise policy of modern times has introduced into prac-
tice, will more or less affect the exerciseof this right,
but cannot impair the right itself. Tbat-remains
undiminished, and when the sovereign authority
shall choose to bring it into operation the judicial
department must give effect to its will. But until
thit will shall be expressed no power of condemna-
tion can exist in the court."
The main question in that case was whether
a simple declaration of war involved the con-
fiscation of property, or'whether it required a
special act of Congress. But here is the prin-
ciple laid down broadly and explicitly:
"That war gives to thesovereign full righttotako
th e persons and confiscate the property of the enemy
wherever found is conceded."
Under that principle what would be the effect
upon citizens of Tennessee or Alabama, or any
other of the States the people of which were in
rebellion, resident in the loyal States? They
are enemies without regard to the place that
they inhabit at the time. They may live within
the United States^they may have any amount
of estate, real and personal, in the United
States; and yet by this principle they are
equally public enemies, whether they are tem-
porarily resident here or whether they are at
their homes in the country with which we are
at war. That is the principle. Is there any
man so mad in his partisanship as to apply
that principle to the people of the United
States? The Supreme Court have seemingly
given it some countenance, but they have done
this by the stress of public opinion, by the
danger of the success of the rebellion. They
were frightened out of their propriety and of
their correct legal learning by the immense
exigency in which the country was placed.
But 1 ask the honorable Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Frelinghuysen,] does he main-
tain that the national law in relation to war
and the subjects or citizens of two independent
States at war, both in relation to their persons
and property, had application in the late re-
bellion to the people of the States where the
insurrection broke out and existed? Uet \is
examine that position for a moment. There
was Mr. Justice Wayne, a member of the Su-
preme Court, whose home was in Georgia.
There was Mr. Justice Catron, at the break-
ing out of the rebellion a resident of the State
of Tennessee. Both States had gone into the
insurrection. There was Andrew Johnson,
after the rebellion had broken out nominated
by the party in power to the office of Vice
President. Now, what is the effect of the
doctrine that gentlemen contend for? That
because those States had seceded and erected
the standard of Tevolt against the Government
of the United States every citizen of those
States, whether then there_ or temporarily in
this city or in any other friendly State of the
Union, was a public enemy to the Government
of the United States and subject to all the pen-
alties to which a public enemy is subject!
Why, sir, in the case from which 1 have just
read, the case of Brown vs. The United States,
Chief Justice Marshall decides expressly that
where two countries are at war and a citizen
or a subject of one of them is found within the
boundary and under the jurisdiction of another
he may be proceeded against as a public enemy
both as to his person and his property.
Sir, you elected a Vice President, who suc-
ceeded to the first office in this country, in
violation of any such principle as that. It is
no principle. It has no truth ; it has no jus-
tice; it has no proper application under our
system. You permitted Mr. Justice Wayne,
who had been upon the Supreme bench tor
