al*pe3fbix to the congeessional globe.
[January 1,
Glairn of Miss Sue Murfhey—Mr. Davis.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
thirty-years, to continue in long service in that
court to the close of his life. You never dis-
turbed Mr. Justice Catron. What became of
the ten thousand soldiers whom the honorable
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bice] said yes-
terday enlisted in that State into the Army of
the United States and rendered service ia put-
ting d,own this rebellion ? Upon the monstrous,
revolting, shocking position assumed by gen-
tlemen ia this debate every one of those sol-
diers when he entered into the TJnion Army
was a public enemy, an4 upon bis capture by
the rebels, according to their principle, was
liable to be tried and shot as a traitor to his
owe country and Government 1
Sir, we had the mockery of an impeach-
ment trial against the President of the United
States—the roost splendid and iniquitous pro-
ceeding that was ever indulged in by a great
and sensible people. It required two thirds
of Congress to impeach him. According to
this theory you had 3 .much more plain, direct,
and practical remedy. You had only to declare
that he was an alien enemy beeanse lie was a
resident of the State of Tennessee, a State in
rebellion. You had a right under this princi-
ple to order him to prison, to expel him from
the eountry, and to take all his personal prop-
erty and real; if he had auy, within the other
States, and to rreat in like manner Mr. Justice
Wayne and Mr. Justice Cation. By the same
principle you put the brave, gallant, and de-
voted men who rushed into the Union Army
from Virginia, Tennessee, Arkansas, and the
other States in the position of public enemies,
and you subjected them to trial as traitors to
their own eountry and cause and to be shot
because of the patriotism that they exhibited
in rallying to the flag of the Union. _ -
■ Mr. President, there is a reason in every
principle. I admit the principle to be that
wherever two sovereign States are at war the
national law permits the subjects or citizens
of each to be treated by the other as public
enemies in all their rights of property and in
all their personal rights; but I say that no such
principle as that applied to the late insurrec-
tion, and I say the Supreme Court have given
no such extreme, unjust, and revolting appli-
cation of that principle. And why is this so ?
Here is a reason to which I would ask the con-
siderate attention of Senators for one moment:
the reason that the subject or citizen of a State
at war with another State may be treated, as
he is treated by the law of nations, as a public
enemy to that State is that the government of
that other State has the legal and undoubted
power to establish his status. That govern-
ment has the power to declare war, to make
war, to wage war against the other State with-
out a declaration of war. That is a principle
which no one will dispute and which the world
in every age has conceded. Does any such
reason as that apply or can it apply to the
case of this insurrection ? I ask the honorable
Senator from Michigan what power bad the
State of Alabama or the congress of the south-
ern confederacy to make a true and loyal citi-
zen of the United States, male or female, a
traitor? None. The act of the Government
as between independent States which giyes to*
every subject or citizen of the particular State
the character of a public enemy is an act that
is lawful, legitimate, and properly performed
by the government of that subject or citizen.
That is the reason upon whieh the whole power
is based; that is the philosophy of it. How
can you apply that to the anomalous case of
the rebellion ?
Sir, the State of Alabama had no power to
secede. The act of secession was utterly null
and void. It had no constitutional or legal
effect. The act of the confederate congress
was equally void and inoperative. Instead of
exercising a power over the people of their
States in relation to their position to the Gen-,
eral Government and in conformity to the Con-
stitution and laws, they were directly attacking
and overthrowing all constitution and law when
they sought to sever their relations with the
General Government. Can human reason, can
the legal learning—constitutional, statutory,
and national—of the honorable Senator from
Michigan sustain the theory that we have now
been discussing by the authority of Vattel and
other writers on national law 1 When they are
treating of a war between separate States, war
declared legitimately by the proper power,
war declared by the power that has the right
to command every citizen or subject within the
country and to mate him a rebel, and to throw
upon him all the responsibility of a rebel in
case of refusal-^has that any application here
when the acts of the State conventions, of the
State Legislatures, of the southern confederate
congress, were all but so many crimes com-
mitted by a parcel of individuals who exer-
cised no more constitutional or legitimate
power than if they had been self-eonstituted,
self-organized?
No, Mr. President; it was a concession to
fear when the Supreme Court intimated any
sanction to such monstrous and mischievous
principles. As the cause of that great fear
and that great exigence begins to pass away
the unsoundness, the absurdity, the eminent
mischief of this principle will be found from
day to day more palpable. It is an intermin-
able source of confusion, injustice, and oppres-
sion. The idea that when a set of rebels,
traitors, and criminals who may happen to
have the ascendency by military power or force
in my State, when my mind is as deeply en-
graved with the greatness and justice and obli-
gation of the Government of the United States
as any man's, when my heart beats as warmly,
as truly, as bravely toward the support of that
Government as any man's, these wrongdoers,
not only against my consent and aet, but in
defiance of it, can place me in a position where
I become the public enemy of the Govern-
ment and the people of the United States, is
too monstrous to receive the sanction of human
reason when deliberately and wisely considered.
It is a most foul and atrocious heresy.
Why, Mr. President, it would be impossible
for a popular system of government to exist un-
der the operation of such a principle. A more
daring, violent, revolutionary principle was
never announced. Here is the State of Ten-
nessee, whose people voted against secession
by'a majority of sixty thousand, and yet they
were dragged into'secession by the State author-
ities. That those men holding an army organ-
ized and equipped, the great mass of the people
being unprepared, should have the power to
drag this vast mass of people of the State of
Tennessee, loyal and true to their Government,
into a position where that Government would
be bound to recognize and to visit upon them
all the pains and penalties of consenting rebels
and traitors, is the most monstrous position
that ever was promulged. As the honorable
Senator from West Virginia and the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin said, if this principle
of severe punishment of loyalty and fidelity to
the Constitution, the Union, and the enforce-
ment of the laws is to be pronounced and exe-
cuted by the General Government, for whom
and whose continuance and just power the mass
of the people of the State haverisen and there-
by subjected themselves to oppression, wrong,
and assault in every form under rebels, the
true criminals; if they are inexorably to be
treated as rebels by that Government which
they rallied to support, and to support which
was the dearest object of their minds and their
hearts; if when their property is taken for the
just uses of that Government and they come to
Congress and ask for compensation in the plain,
explicit, eternal obligation of the Constitution
in the form prescribed, they are told, "You
are rebels, you are enemies; your persons and
your property were all subject to be taken by
us and to be treated as public enemies," as
the harshest conqueror of the Old World treats
the subjugated countries and provinces over
which he marches in triumph with his armed
military forces—if this is to be the fate of every
man who thus stands for his country, its Con-
stitution, and its people, it is the greatest in-
ducement, the greatest premium to disloyalty
and rebellion that I have ever known to be
offered by any country. In such a case there
would be no safety to that unfortunate class of
men except in the success of the rebellion. Such
a man might well say,' 'Here is my own Govern-
ment ; my obedience is to it: my paramount alle-
giance is to it. No State has a right to command
me to alter my position of obedience and fidelity
to that General Government. I have resisted
all attempts to do this. I have ventured my life,
my fortune, ray household honor, my wife, my
little ones, everything that renders life desir-
able, in the cause of this unnatural, ungrateful
eountry and Government; and when at length
by the feeble aid 1 have contributed it triumphs,
and I ask this Government simply to pay me
the value of the property which it has taken for
public use, I am answered that I am a public
enemy and liable to be treated in my person
and property as a public enemy."
" 0 judgment, thou art fled to brutish beasts,
And men have lost their reason!"
Sir, I say this principle is utterlv contrary
to the decisions of the Supreme Court. My
honorable and able friend from New York,
[Mr. Conkling,] one of the profoundest law-
yers in this body, knows that no principle is
settled by a case before a court except the one
that is under trial; that everything else that is
said in the way of principle is merely ipse dixit
and has no effect. The principle decided in the
Alexander cotton case is simply that the repos-
session and occupation of a portion of the rebel
country in the vicinity of Fort De Russey was too
ephemeral, too fleeting, too uncertain to amount
to a reocoupation of the country by the author-
ity and armies of the Unrced States Govern-
ment, and therefore that the owner of the prop-
erty had no right to ask for compensation.
But if the case of Miss Murphey, the case
under consideration, had been or were now
to be thrown before the Court of Claims and
on appeal or writ of error was to pass up from
that court to the Supreme Court who doubts
that the claim would be sustained? In the
case of Grant, from which I read, where his
mill and all his houses were burned in a coun-
try where the contending parties were still
in conflict, with flagrant war Paging, where
neither party had a settled and permanent com-
mand, where the mill and the houses and all
the stores of provisions and quartermaster and
commissary stores that were within them were
consumed by the order of an Army officer of
the United States to prevent their falling into
the possession of the rebels and enabling the
rebels to appropriate them to their own use,
even in that divided and warring and chaotic
scene for contending power and domination
it was decided that the owner of the property
was entitled to full compensation.
Sir, the case under consideration is greatly
strongerin all of its aspects, in all of its prin-
ciples, in all its policy and justice, than that
case. I do trustthat this Senate will not com-
mit, in my judgment, the grievous mistake of
rejecting this claim. I think every consider-
ation of law, of humanity, of the soundest pol-
icy, of justice that ought to rule it in the coun-
cils of this great nation imperatively demand
that this lady, this loyal, heroic woman, who
shed her influence and all her hospitalities
around to cheer the Union Army and its offi-
cers should be compensated for her property
taken for public use. I trust that she will not
be so ungraciously dismissed from this most
august of all legislative tribunals on the face
of the earth. In the name of justice, in the
name of the Constitution, in the name of that
justice which declares that private property
shall not be taken for public use without just"
compensation, in the name of the highest and
