1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
strong language. On page 8 of the report I
find :
"The district registers above named and a con-
siderable number of other witnesses testify that
there was no danger of personal violence to be ap-
piehended by any person who saw fit to appeav and
make objections."
Who are the district registers above named?
Their names are found at the foot of page 7,
(majority report,) and I ask this House to
examine their testimony and see if they testify
to any such thing. Turn to Miscellaneous Doc-
ument No. 12, and on page 1 we find the depo-
sition of John Vinson. He was asked by the
contestant whether he had any knowledge of
any system of intimidation and threatening, and
his answer was, " I have not." Have not what?
I have no knowledge of any such system. He
testifies as to his knowledge of a system of
intimidation and threatening. He does not
state whether there were individual threats or
intimidations, only that he does not know them
to have been so combined as to form a system.
But could not such a system have prevailed
without Vinson knowing it? Are we to sup-
pose that because Vinson does not know a cer-
tain thing to be so that it is not so, or that no
one else knows it to be so? Has all knowledge,
then, concentred in one man, and that man
John Vinson, of Callaway county, Missouri?
Does the committee think that he knows every-
thing and what he does not know is not worth
knowing? But the majority say that he testi-
fies there was no danger. He does not men-
tion the word danger, nor can anything be
found in his entire evidence that conveys that
meaning.
Next on the list comes A. B. Maupin, whose
deposition is on page 2, same document. He
says he was not threatened with violence, and
he does not know that objectors to applicants
for registration would have been in danger of
violence and insults. He does not s,<y there
was no danger, but he does not know that there
was. His opinion was asked, but he testifies
as to his knowledge. There is a vast difference
between the existence of a thing and the knowl-
edge of its existence. By the same system of
reasoning, that there was no danger because
Vinson and Maupin did not know it, we argue
away the existence of this continent before
the year 1-1-1)2, and thus relieve antiquarians of
immense labors in their researches to ascer-
tain the primeval formation of the globe by
the geological indications of the western hem-
isphere.
Thomas J. Ferguson, another of (he regis-
trars referred to by the majority, on page 3
testifies that he was not threatened, but was
not asked whether any of the citizens were
threatened, or whether it would have been safe
for any one to make objections. The contest-
ant evidently knew better than to ask such a
question, for Abram Snelhen (p. 18, Mis. Doc.
89) and W. H. Thomas"iad testified on this
subject, and when the contestant touched upon
this point he " roared gently as a sucking dove.''
The next in order are L. B. Hunt, whose tes-
timony is on page 6 ; George A. Moore, page
9 ; and J. D. Snedicor, page 14, neither of
whom were interrogated upon this point and
neither of whom testified on it; and this ends
the parade of district registers referred to.
But these registrars testify they did not regis
ter falsely. Oh, no ! I ask this House whether
in a court of justice they ever heaid that when
perjury was charged upon a man he was asked
'• How is it?—is it true that y on swore to a lie?"
Of course he would answer, " Oh, no; I did
not swear to a lie; it is a false charge 1" But
this is what has been done. The persons ac-
cused of perjury are brought to purge them-
selves fiom the charge. No one else is called
upon to do it. , .
I do not charge the majority with willful
misrepresentation; undoubtedly these devia-
tions from the facts of the case occurred from
oversight m the preparation of the report; but
1 do ask, does either courtesy or duty_ demand
that we adhere to a majority report in which
the errors are so glaring ?
But, Mr. Speaker, this is not the only error.
On page 9 of the majority report this statement
occurs:
"Some attempt was made to affect the case by
proof that a convention of returned rebel soldiers
was held at Fulton at rhe same time that the regis-
tration was being made at this j'laco. But tins
seemed effectually disposed of when it appeared that
this convention of rebel soldiers passed resolutions
that they would not attempt to register or vote or
have to do with, the election."
I have carefully examined both books, and
I say to this House that I can find no such evi-
dence recorded. If 1 am wrong I ask to be cor-
rected. And these are not the only instances;
there are others, but I do not wish to occupy
too much of the time of the House.
These, then, Mr. Speaker, are my reasons
for favoring the minority report, namely, ille-
gal votes, threats, and intimidation prevented
a fair election in Callaway county. ho
strongly does that election savor of corruption
that the entire vote should be thrown out.
Rejecting the vote of Calloway county, we
find a majority of the legal votes cast for
George \V. Anderson. And I appeal to mem-
bers to lay aside that delicacy which often
prompts us to favor the report of a majority
simply because it is the report of the commit-
tee, and to give this subject that attention
which its importance requires. 1 know some
may regard the laws of Missouri as harsh and
severe, while others consider them liberal
enough considering the causes that brought
them forth. It matters not in what light we
view them, our duty is plain. They are the
laws of a State, and the supreme law regulat-
ing this case. Though wo may not sanction
this law, yet as long as it remains on our stat-
ute-books we are governed by its provisions.
Far toward the setting sun, beyond the Mis-
sissippi, is a State large enough and in mineral
resources rich enough to make u separate na-
tionality—a Slate old in years but young in
vigor. For over forty years held down by the
incubus of slavery, she has sprung into a new
life. Each State pays tribute to her rapidly
increasing population, and if we have but the
sympathy of those who should be our tiiends
Missouri is sealed forever to the U nion. W itliin
her vast borders two classes of men are anx-
iously watching the result of this contest. On
the one side are those who labored to destroy
this Government, and who sought their rights
in the last ditch. Ou the other are thousands
of brave men who in their country's peril bared
their bosoms to the storm and faced death that
the nation might live. A decision for the con-
testant will mantle the cheek with shame of
these, while theothers exnltingly will cry, '■ We
have found the last ditch : it is in the Houce
of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States."
During the recent struggle between the Pres-
ident, and Congress the loyal people of Mis-
souri stood by Congress. Will Congress now
stand by them? Think not, I entreat you,
believe not, that the spirit of rebellion is dead.
The rebellion itself is crushed, but its spirit
yet lives. True, like the motdering ember, its
heat may be but faint, but shall any act of this
House fan it anew into flames? In the name
of the loyal people of Missouri, in the name
of herwidows and orphans, by the sacredmem-
ory of the fallen heroes whose bones repose
beneath her sod, I appeal to you. 0 legislators!
let not your action this day blast our fair
hopes and destroy our promise of the future.
Gentlemen may vote as they please ; no act of
mine shall cause the soldiers of our Republic
to mourn. 1 will put no premium upon trea-
son nor barter the rights of the loyal.
Mr. McOORMfOK. Mr. Speaker, I shall
not occupy the time of the House but a \ery
few minutes in the discussion of this subject.
It occurs to me that a simple statement of the
law and the facts connected with this case wi.l
be entirely sufficient to convince this House <>
the propriety of sustaining the report of the
majority of the Committee of Elections. W hat
are the circumstances of the case and the law
that governs it? In the State of Missouri a
Republican Legislature passed a law for the
purpose of preventing men who_ had either
directly or indirectly participated in the rebel-
lion from taking any part in the elections of the
State. A Republican Governor, in conformity
with the requirements of that law, appointed
asuperintendentofregistrationforeach county.
That superintendent, in conformity with the
law, appointed sub-registrars for each town-
ship in the county. It may be proper to state
that these men thus appointed were generally
men politically in sympathy with the dominant
party and with the Governor who appointed
them.
These registration officers proceeded under
the law to register the people of each county,
excluding from participation in the elections
every person who had either directly or indi-
rectly participated in the rebellion or aided
those who had been engaged in it. Having
completed the registration they made a return
of the qualified registered voters to the secre-
tary of State. Another list was provided by
these men and furnished to the clerk of the
county, whose duty it was to furnish to the
judges of election a certified copy of the qual-
ified voters in each precinct. The election
law of the State required of the judges of
election that they should permit no person to
vote whose name did not appear on the list of
qualified voters as furnished to them by the
clerk of their county, who obtained it from the
registering officers. This is a simple state-
ment of t he law and of the requirements of the
law. The registets, in conformity with this
law, went forward and executed the registra-
tion in Callaway county and in eaeh township
thereof, and forwarded certified lists of the qual-
ified voters to the secretary of State, which
were furnished to the judges of election. The
judges of election then, under this requirement,
went forward and held the election, permitting
no person to vote whose name did not appear
upon these lists of qualified voters.
We have hoard gentlemen speak hereto-day
about, int imidation, but a majority of the regis-
tering officers, and the supervisor of registra-
tion himself, upon their oaths declare that they
were not intimidated in the discharge of their
duties. The law of the State provides that if
there is any threatening or intimidation it shall
be the duty of the supervisor of registration of
the county to notify the sheriff of that fact,
and it is made obligatory upon the sheriff to
furnish a sufficient number of men to preserve
order and enable the registering officers to
register the voters in conformity with law,
and reject every man who has ever directly or
indirectly participated in the rebellion or aided
those engaged in the rebellion.
'The supervisor of registration made his
return to the secretary of State in conformity
with law ; but after the election was held and
it was ascertained that Mr. Svvitzler had been
elected, he then for the first time discovered
that his registration of Callaway county had
been illegal; and he then, after the result of
the election was known, made this certificate
declaring that the registration of Callaway
county was in violation of law; and he states
that that certificate was made at the suggestion
of the secretary of State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the facts of that election
are simply these; there was not a man who
participated in the election in Callaway county,
according to the evidence, who was not a regis
tered and qualified voter. There was not a
man who cast his vote for the contestant in
this case who was not by the officers of the
law, acting under oath and in conformity with
law, registered as a qualified voter. As I have
reruaiked, there was no question made as to the
legality of the registration of Callaway county
until after the result of the election was known,
1 when the supervisor of registration for this
j county, in violation of law and in conjunction
' with the secretary of State, entered his pro-
tect against the legality of the registration ill
' Callaway county.
! Mr. UPSON. 1 would ask the gentleman
| if there were not county officers elected^in that
i county, and also members of the Legislature
