1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
40th Cong....3d
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—^Mr. Davis,
Senate.
loftiest patriotism, in the name of that love
and devotion which every true heart in this
land should feel toward its own Government,
the Constitution that formed that Government
and the constituted authorities to execute the
principles of that Constitution and Govern-
ment, I invoke you, I beseech you not to per-
mit this poor, unfortunate, heroic woman to
go from these portals penniless, against all the
principles of the Constitution and of humanity.
Snffrage Constitutional Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. GARRETT DAVIS,
of kentucky,
In the Senate op the United States,
February 8, 1869.
The Senate having under consideration the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 402) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States— '
Mr. DAYIS said:
Mr. President : The plain proposition now
before the Senate is a proposed amendment to
the Constitution which reads in these words:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States or by any State on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
Before proceeding to enter upon my remarks
I beg leave to propound one question to my
progressive andable friend from Nevada. Does
he support this proposition under or by author-
ity of-the Constitution of the United States, or
outside of and independent of that instrument?
Mr. STEWART. In pursuance of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. DAVIS. Very good. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, after the frank avowal of my honorable
friend, I will read the provision of the Consti-
tution under which this proposition is made :
*' Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments
to this Constitution, or, on tho application of the
Legislatures ot two thirdsof theseveral States, shall
eall a convention for proposing amendments, which,
in either case, shall be valid to all intents and pur-
poses as part of this Constitution when ratified by
the Legislatures of three fourths of the several
States."
Mr. President, the Congress of the United
States is not omnipotent; it is a body of lim-
ited and delegated powers, as every statesman
'heretofore in the United States has conceded.
This power of amendment is a limited one.
-It is to be exercised after a form, and whether
the form of its being proposed by two thirds
of both Houses of Congress is a compliance
"with it or not, to which point the honorable
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Abbott]
who has just taken his seat adverted, I will not
now inquire. But I lay down the position that
tho power of Congress to propose amendments
to the Constitution is a restricted and a limited
power. It is limited by the terms '' to propose
amendments to this Constitution." To ascer-
tain whether or nota proposition comes within
the scope of the power it is necessary to look
to the Constitution and then to compare the
amendment with the general character and
scope of the Constitution and see whether it is
a proposition to amend or not.
f Mr. President, I hold that under the power
/to amend the Constitution Congress has no
f authority to propose to terminate the Consti-
tution. Surely from that position no gentle-
man will dissent. Congress has no power to
subvert the Constitution under the guise of a
proposition to amend it. Congress has no
power to revolutionize the Constitution and the
.Government, to change its essential character,
•and to introduce in its stead a new form ot
•government under the guise of a proposition
to amend it.
-Let me illustrate this position. Congress has
no power to propose an amendment that shall
.change the office of the President from an
I elective limited offico of restricted powers and
\ ef four years' duration to an hereditary Exec-
utive with limited or unlimited powers, with an
enlargement or restriction of powers. In other
words, Congress has no power to propose an
amendment that would make our Government
a monarchy by making the President an officer
for life with his office descending either accord-
ing to the Salic law or the common law of
England to his next of kin or to his next of
male kin.
I follow that proposition by another one.
0 urs is a mixed system, not only of State and of
national Governments, but with different char-
acteristics of government reposed in different,
branches. We have a Senate elected by the'
Legislatures of the several States, two Sen-
ators chosen by each State for the term of six
years. Under the guise of amending the Con-
stitution Congress has no power to propound
a proposition that Senators shall hold their
offices during life, and that their offiees and
titles, if Congress chose to attach titles to them,
should descend to their children according to
the law of primogeniture.
Why has not Congress the option and the
power, under this authority of proposing amend-
ments, to make either of the propositions that
1 hate indicated ? Simply for the reason that
the sole power of Congress is to propose amend-,
ments to the Constitution, and under that power
to amend it has no power whatever to propose
amendments that would revolutionize it, change
its essential principles and character, and in-
troduce a different form of government, either
a monarchy or an aristocracy, in its stead.
These remarks lead me to the conclusion that
the power of Congress to propose amendments
is a restricted, a limited power, not an unlim-
ited or an illimitable power. It is a power
that must be exercised purely within the char-
acter and the essential principles of the Gov-
ernment; and any proposition to amend that
would change essentially the character of the
Government in any of the aspects to which I
have referred would be outside of the power
of Congress to propose amendments as settled
and defined by the Constitution.
Mr. President, we have a mixed form of
government in our country, and that mixed
form consists of the State governments and of
the Government of the United States. What is
the proposition that is now before Congress?
It is to amend not only the Constitution of the
United States, butof every State in the Union.
I ask the honorable Senator from Nevada and
all the supporters of this monstrous proposition
where is the power of Congress to amend or to
change the constitution of a State or of all the
States? There is no such power in the Consti-
tution. The restricted, limited power of Con-
gress over the subject is to propose amendments
to the Constitution of the United States. That
is the power and the utmost limit of the power
of Congress to propose amendments. Will my
honorable and candid and able friend from
New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] assume that
under this power to propose amendments to
the Constitution of the United States Congress
has the power to amend or alter the constitu-
tion of his State or of any other State? If that
is granted it far transcends the grant of power
to Congress to propose amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
Gentlemen lose sight of the fact, at least
they do not keep it in the line ot their argu-
ment, that we have one General Government,
formed by the Constitution ol the United States;
and then we have the governments of thirty-
seven States, formed by the people of those States
respectively ; that this blendea system ol State
and United States Government is our system ;
that the preservation of the system and the har-
mony of the system require that the governments
of the States and of the United States, especially
in the matter of amendment and change, shall
always be considered as separate and distinct.
Sir, my honorable friend from Delaware
[Mr. Saulsbcry] gave us an exposition, his-
torical and upon principle, of the origin ot our
Government to-day, remarkable for its lucid-
ness, its ability, and truth. He stated that when
the work of amending the Constitution was
commenced the States were only united by a
league and Articles of Confederation; each
State was then a sovereignty. I would ask the
honorable Senator from Nevada, before this
Constitution was framed and adopted by the
people of the United States what power had
the people of Virginia over the constitution
and the government of the State of Massachu-
setts or of any other State? They were sepa-
rate, distinct, and independent sovereignties;
and as read by the honorable Senator from
Delaware the separate sovereignty of each State
of the Confederation was expressly reserved
and guarantied in the Articles of Confederation
themselves. What was proposed to be done
when the Federal Conyentiou was called ? W ho
called the Convention ? Did the United States
as a nation, as one people, eall the Convention
of the States by their delegates at Philadelphia
that framed the present Constitution? Not at
all. The wise and great men of the nation, who
had experienced the insufficiency of the old
Articles of Confederation, recommended it ex
officio and as private citizens to the States.
The States as States chose their delegates to
that Convention and sent them as their repre-
sentatives. Bach State being sovereign had
an equal voice in the deliberations and action
of the Convention, though represented by un-
equal numbers of delegates.
The members of the Convention thus called
deliberated as to the form of the Government.
The result was the presentation to the States of
the Constitution as it is, exclusive of the amend-
ments. How was that form of government
submitted? How was it adopted? What power
made it a common Government for all the
States? It was the States themselves and the
people of the States acting as States. In every
State of the Union a convention of that State
was called to accept or reject this proposed
common Government of all the States. What
power called these conventions of the States?
Did the old Congress under the Confederation
call those conventions? No, sir; it had no
such power. It was thought advisable that
the new proposed Government should not be
submitted to the State Legislatures, but should
be submitted to the people of each State as a
sovereignty entitled to all the powers of gov-
ernment, with full option to choose and accept,
each State for itself, or to reject the proposed
form of government. Sir, it was in this way
that the conventions of the States that passed
upon the acceptance or rejection of tho pro-
posed Government were called apon and con-
stituted. When they got together they acted
as States, united not by a government, united
not as a nation, but each State as a separate
and independent political sovereignty, with
every political power that a State or a nation
could possessi and bound together only by a
league and Articles of Confederation. The new
Government was formed, and after it was
formed the States became united under a com-
mon Constitution and by a common Gove, u-
ment.
Now, Mr. President, 1 ask every gentleman,
did not and do not the States now exist in oin-
form of government in virtue of their original
sovereignty? What change does the Constitu-
tion make in the condition of the States? It
simply divides the sovereignty; that is, each
agrees to surrender a portion of her sover-
eignty for the purpose of having it combined
in a common Government. What was the ob-
ject of this common Government? Was it to
create one consolidated Government in which
should be combinedall the powers of the United
States? No, sir. No gentleman will be so
extravagant as to assume that position. I have
heard State rights denounced, and denounced
in a manner that, to my mind, showed an utter
ignorance of what State rights under our sys-
tem of government were. There were two or
