1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
urn
terests upon Lake Superior, which, it is al-
leged, are in a greatly depressed condition,
and can only be sustained by an enhancement
of the price of copper. If this result should
follow the passage of the till a tax for the
exclusive benefit of a single class would be im-
posed upon the consumers of copper through-
out the entire country not warranted by any
need of the Government, and the avails of
which would not in any degree find their way
into the Treasury of the nation. If the miners
of Lake Superior are in a condition of want
it cannot be justly affirmed that the Severn-
went should extend charity to them in prefer-
ence to those of its citizens who in other por-
tions of the country suffer in like mamwr from
desti tution. Least of all should the endeavor
to aid them be based upon a method so uncer-
tain and indirect as that contemplated by the
bill, and -which moreover propose® to con-
tinue the exercise of its benefaction through
an indefinite period of years. It is, besides,
reasonable to hope that positivesuffering from
want, if it really exists, will prove but tempo-
rary in a region where agricultural labor is so
much in .demand and so well compensated. A
careful examination of the subject .appears to
show that the present low price of copper,
which alone has induced any depression the
mining interests of Lake Superior may have
recently experienced, is due to causes which
it is wholly impolitic, if not impracticable, to
contravene by legislation. These causes are,
in the main, an increase in the general supply
of copper, owing to the discovery and working
of remarkably productive mines, and to a co-
incident restriction in the consumption and
use of copper, by the substitution of other and
cheaper metals for industrial purposes. It is
now sought to resist, by artificial means, the
action of natural laws ; to place the people of
the United States, in respect to the enjoyment
and use of an essential commodity, upon a dif-
ferent basis from other nations, and especially
to compensate certain private and sectional ift-
terests for the changes and losses which are
always incident to industrial progress.
Although .providing foran increaseof duties,
the proposed law does not even come within the
range of protection in the fair acceptation of
the term. It does not look to the fostering of
a young and feeble interest, with«a view to the
ultimate attainment of strength and the capa-
city of self-support. It appears to assume that
the present inability for successful production
is inherent and permanent, and is more likely
to increase than to be gradually overcome; yet
in spite of this it proposes by the exercise of
the law-making power to sustain that interest,
and to impose it in hopeless perpetuity as a
.ax upon the competent and beneficent indus-
tries of the country.
The true method for the mining interests of
Lake Superior to obtain relief, if relief is
needed, is to endeavor to make their great nat-
ural resources fully available by reducing the
cost of production. Special or class legisla-
tion cannot remedy the evils which this bill is
designed to meet. They can only be overcome
by laws which will effect a wise, honest, and
economical administration of the Government,
a reestablishment of the specie standard of
value, and an early adjustment of our system
of State, municipal, ar.d national taxation,
(especially the latterj) upon the fundamental
principle that, all taxes, whether collected under
the internal revenue or under a tariff, shall in-
terfere as little as possible with the productive
energies of the people.
The bill is therefore returned, in the belief
that the true interests of the Government and
of the people require that it should not become
:l law' ANDREW JOHNSON.
Wasuinmox, D. C., February '22, 1809.
The SPEAKER. The message will be en-
tered at large upon (he Journal; and the ques-
tion is, " will the House on reconsideration,
notwithstanding the objections of the presi-
dent. agree to the passage of the bill?"
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, at this late
hour of the session, with all the channels of
business gorged, I do not propose, if* I can
help it, to have any general discussion on this
or any other like subject, I will yield the floor,
during the hour to which I am entitled, to gen-
tlemen on both -sides, especially to gentlemen
representing the- interest involved in this bill,
resuming the floor to demand t«he previous
question. . I yield first to the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. B.laie] for ten minutes.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I am amazed
at the steady, pereisteat, tireless opposition "to
this bill. From the day it was first introduced
into this House until this time there has not
been a moment when that: opposition was 're-
laxed. At every stage of -its progress and upon
.every vote the same vigilance has appeared.
There must be a deeper reason for this than
appears upon the surface. This cannot come
merely of the hostility of the free traders.
.There is a great moneyed interest somewhere
which -demands the defeat of this measure.
There is some greedy monopoly that requires
that the .great-industries of American copper
mining shall perish in order that an interest
not American shall be enriched by its fall. The
center of this interest is understood to be in
Baltimore, where, I think, the success of free
labor has not been & cherished object nor the
growth of American loyalty very greatly pro-
moted.
This bill involves no principle whatever. Ita
sole purpose is to place the production of cop-
per in the United States upon something like
a footing of equality with that of most other
industries in the country. When the present
tariff law was enacted the demand for eopper
had been so greatly stimulated by the war that
little or no protection seemed to be necessary,
and this important interest was overlooked.
When this unnatural demand ceased it was
found that this business required a somewhat
similar protection to that which had been
accorded to others, and hence the present
bill. But even this bill does not accord to the
business of mining copper half the protec-
tion already given to the production of iron;
and I venture to affirm that none of the great
interests of the country which have to meet
an active foreign competition have a less pro-
tection than this bill provides. Our object,
therefore, has not been to seek especial pro-
tection for this interest, but only to give it that
fair and just measure which has already been
given to other similar interests. Seeing this,
many gentlemen not over friendly to the pro-
tective policy have supported this measure as
one tending merely to produce equality. The
measure being separated from all others, stand-
ing entirely alone and upon its own merits,
has passed both Houses of Congress by most
overwhelming majorities, and now at last en-
counters the executive veto. The President
returns the bill to us with hisobjections; His
sensitive logic will not permit him to sign it.
"It will diminish the public receipts, and it
imposes an additional tax upon an already
overburdened people who should not be fur-
ther impoverished that monopolies may be
fostered and corporations enriched.'-'
This is the supreme, everlasting nonsense
which constitutes the entire creed of the free
traders. This is the reason why all American
industry should be destroyed, and our country
both in peace and wax delivered up to the ten-
der mercies of foreign manufacturers who
maintain no monopolies. Thirty thousand
miners on Lake Superior, and as many more
elsewhere, are kindly told that if their employ-
ers are ruined and they are left without employ-
ment they can till the Barren rocks and escape
starvation if they are able. The President is
also deeply concerned on account of the dye
pots. The bill " will enhance by seventy per
cent, the cost of blue vitriol, an article exten-
sively used in dyeing/' and this will expose to
unfair foreign competition other great branches
of domestic industry. The Executive is anx-
ious, then, it seems, to protect other monopo-
lies already existing which he prefers to copper
mining on Lake Superior.
, In.anothcr column of the same evening paper
which contains the luminous veto message is
to be found an account of the visit of the Balti-
more committee to the President, as follows:
*' The Baltimore Delegation visit the President,—The
mayor and committee of the city councils of Balti-
more, in, conformity with a resolution passed by-the
corporate authorities of that city some time since
inviting the President to accept the hospitalities of
Baltimore at .the-ciose of his administration, ealled
at the Jvhite Hojise at eleven o'clock this morning.
The delegation was a numerous one, embracing the
committees and a number of the members of the cor-
porate boards, with Mayor. Banks at their head.
Xhey.we.re aecompanied.by, Horn -Mr. Phelps, mem-
ber of Congress of Maryland, who introduced the
mayor and'cKairman' of the'committee, the latter of
whom read the resolution which had been adopted,
and indorsed the same..in remarks on the part of
himself and colleagues approbatory of his Excel-
lency's course aS President of the United States and
wishing him peace and happiness in his future retire-
ment Cop the responsible duties of his.office. The
President replied expressing peculiar gratification
at the marie of attention thus shown him and inti-
mated a disposition to accept the invitation, promis-
ing to designate at a future time such occasion for
the demonstration as would best suit the convenience
of his friends tendering the compliment. In the
course of his remarks the President referred in gen-
eral terms to hig administrative acts, assorting that
his whole aim had been for the general good of tho
country without regard to any present orfuture per-
sonal popularity. His constant aim was the restora-
tion of prosperity to the country and the happiness
and peace of all its citizens. The interview was quite
a.pleasant one, and on parting each member of the
delegation gave the President a hearty shake of the
hand."
It is to be presumed that this visit had no
reference whatever to the copper tariff bill,
though the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Phelps,} who has been so active in opposition
to it, was present and introduced the mayor
and chairman of the committee. The profound
admiration of the mayor of Baltimore and the
committee of the city_ councils for his short-
lived Excellency is quite sufficient to account
for an ardent desire to perform the last offices
of respect.
The scene was enchanting. The President
had but just rested from the stupendous intel-
lectual labor of bringing forth the stunning veto
of the copper tariff bill, which was to destroy
every copper monopoly except that of Balti-
more for "smelting home ores with a smallef
amount of the imported articles." Just at this
most opportune moment the gentleman from
Maryland appears with the mayor and com-
mittee of the city councils of Baltimore, who
at once proceeded to read resolutions " appro-
batory of the President's course, and wishing
him peace and happiness and requesting him
to accept the hospitalities of Baltimore at the
close of his administration." Who can wonder
that his Excellency was disposed to accept the
invitation, and thus to profit by the generous
offer of peace and happiness, snch as they pro-
vide for worn and weary pilgrims in Baltimore.
And I can assure the President, whose whol®
aim, he says, "has been for the general good
of the country without regard to any present
or future personal popularity," that while his
friends in Maryland cheer him on hishomeivard
way to Tennessee the thonsandsofsturdy miners
who delve beneath the cliffs on the rugged shore
of Lake Superior will clap their hands for a
different reason, and the great body of the peo-
ple of the country will echo their rejoicing that
he shall bear his too-heavy burden of office no
more.
Mr. Speaker, there is no time for a length-
ened discussion of the objections presented by
this veto message here and now, nor is there
any necessity for it. These so-called objections
are only a brief rehash of the old, oft-repeated,
and still oftener refuted sophistries and catch-
words of those who have always sought the
destruction of the protective system. Of that
far-seeing and comprehensive statesmanship
which finds in the equal protection of every
branch of our diversified industry the greatest
prosperity of all the President knows nothing.
It does not avail to tell him that it is not class
legislation to defend by law against a ruinous
foreign competition the thousandsof American
laborers who are engaged in the production of
copper not only upon Lake Superior, but in
nearly every other of. the great mining diS-
