1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23>
tricts of the country, because these thousands
are thereby made "consumers of the products
of other thousands engaged in many other
branches of productive labor. Nor can he per-
ceive that when he counsels these laborers to
abandon the forms of industry which they un-
derstand, and enter upon agriculture which
they do not understand, not only is the value
of their work in a great degree destroyed, but
the value of all farm labor is thereby in a
certain degree reduced. A nation of farmers
only cannot prosper, as all experience shows.
The President fears that the public revenues
may be reduced by a duty of not exceeding
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem upon foreign
copper oi-es, while all experience proves that
these revenues will be thereby considerably
increased ; and if his supposition be true that
the additional duty upon foreign copper ores
will be added to the price of the copper pro-
duced, how, then, will the workers in those ores
be injured by the passage of this bill? Why will
not the profits of their business remain thesame
as before theadditional price of the copper, cov-
ering precisely the amount of the added duty ?
Or does the President really understand that
his friends, the smelters of foreign cheap ores,
will, as it now stands, quickly destroy the Amer-
ican production and thereby secure to them-
selves first a monopoly of the American market,
and then such an increased price as their exclus-
ive monopoly will" enable them to demand?
Perhaps the gentlemen who make receptions
on the road to Tennessee and pass admiring
resolutions can afford it. That is a matter for
them to consider. Still further, afterurging all
the usual objections to any protective legislation
whatever, the President denies that this meas-
ure is protective at all, "in any fair accepta-
tion of the term," because "it does not look to
the fostering of a young and feeble interest with
a view to the ultimate attainment of strength
and the capacity of self-support. It appears to
assume that the present inability for successful
production is inherent and permanent, and is
more likely to increase than to be gradually
overcome; yet, in spite of this, it proposes by
the exercise of the iaw-making power to sus-
tain that interest and to impose it in hopeless
perpetuity asa tax upon the competent and be-
neficent industries of the country." Are, then,
the duties upon iron or any other of the great
industries of the United States protective in any
fair acceptation of the term ; and is such pro-
tection confined to the fostering of "young and
feeble interests" only, to abandon them to for-
eign wolves as soon as half grown?
In what dictionary did his Excellency seek
for a definition of the word protection as used
in this country ? It has heretofore been sup'
posed to include not only the fostering of young
and feeble interests, but the defense of well-
established industries against the destructive
competition of the low-priced labor of those
countries that oppress the people and deprive
them of the comforts and refinements of life
which our laborers are enabled to possess.
As to the assumption that this bill proposes
" to impose in hopeless perpetuity a tax upon
the competent and beneficent industries of the
country," it is only necessary to say that in-
asmuch as it secures only a measure of pro-
tection considerably less than most other of
them no injustice is likely to be done. What
is meant by " competent and beneficent in-
dustries" as compared with those it is not
easy to understand. Certainly copper has
been deemed generally a beneficent production,
whether it is "competent" or not, and I hope
the metal may not fall into disrepute from the
fact that the name has been grossly abused by
having been applied to certain political divis-
ions in the country which his Excellency
understands much better than I do.
But I will detain the House no longer upon
this last of the vetoes^ it is a sort of litera-
ture in which President Johnson has sought to
become famous, and if he has succeeded only
in becoming notorious—not to use a worse ex-
pression—it has not been for want of earnest
effort on his part. Perhaps his voice in these
enchanting' State papers will not even yet be
Wholly silent, but " the time is short'' and our
opportunities few. If, as I have some hope, our
admiration will have to content itself with this
final copper strain, let ns be at least thankful
that we shall never see his like again. Patience
for a little longer, only a little longer, and the
scene will change. Let those who wish to
weep go to Baltimore and behold the expiring
brilliancy of a career that never looked for
"personal popularity." There can be no ob-
jection that a monument should be built of
foreign copper.
During the delivery of the above speech,
Mr. BOSS said: Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. He is giving a description
of the visit of the gentleman from Maryland to
Baltimore and the President's proposed Visit
to that city, all of which has nothing to do with
this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman is referring to
the interest of Baltimore in this measure as
represented and advocated by the Represent-
ative from that city. [Mr. Phelps.]
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is strictly in
order, and I hope be will be permitted to con-
clude his remarks.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Michigan
is trying to defeat this veto message by attempt-
ing to clothe it with the great unpopularity
of the President's action.
Mr. Blair then, after having had his time
extended three minutes, concluded his remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield for fifteen
minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, when one has
an iniquitous measure to support which on
principle cannot possibly be maintained it is
often the object of the defender of such a meas-
ure to assail some particular person whom he
may'suppose to be unpopular wii h his own asso-
ciates, and in this case the veto and the author
of the veto have been attacked by the gentle-
man who preceded me, while the principle
which he ought to support has been left almost
undiscussed.
Sir, it will be found -when the vote is taken
that there are some votes on this side of the
House—not more than one or two, I trust—
against the veto, while, I trust, with a better
understanding and independence on the other
side of the House, there will be gentlemen there
who will look to principle and not to persons.
The gentleman from Michigan said that the
moneyed interests of this country rallied for
the veto and against the bill under discussion.
I tell the honorable gentleman from Michi-
gan that I represent as much of the copper
interest of this country as he does. Between
my constituents and those of the gentleman
from Boston a large portion of the copper
stocks of this country are owned, and the cop-
per interest and copper stockholders have in-
doors and out of doors, in all legitimate man-
ners whatsoever, exerted their influence to pass
this bill and to override this veto. Copper
stocks have gone up from five to ten per cent,
in the city of New York since the passage of
this bill by Congress, and have been arrested
only by the prospect of a veto, while, if the veto
is overridden here, to-morrow copper stocks
will go up in the cities of New Yorlc and Boston
from five to ten per cent. The moneyed in-
terest, therefore, is on the gentleman's side
interested in overriding the veto and in passing
the bill now under discussion.
It has been found impossible to pass the
omnibus bill of the geptleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Mookhead,] including steel and
iron and almost everything else; and a wool
bill was put through in the early period of this
Congress to the great damage and detriment
of every wool grower in the country, and now
an exclusive- bill called the copper bill is
obtrnded again and again before this House in
the alleged interest of the copper miners, but
really in the interest of the copper stockholders.
I tell members from Pennsylvania here on this
floor, on my side of the House, that Pennsyl-
vania will never reap any profit whatsoever by
these special tariff bills. Other interests than
thoseof Pennsylvania have overridden herlierej
and wool and copper are provided for, while
Pennsylvanians on the other side have beea
sleepy"and forgetful of their own interests and
haye aided all other bills to pass except the one
in which their own State has been interested*.
Sir, the bill which passed the House at firsts
was not the bill which the Senate passed. The
bill which passed the House originally would
never hare passed the Senate, nor could even
the Senate bill as there amended have passed
this House if here in the beginning any dis-
cussion had been permitted upon it. As it
originally passed the House it contained noth-
ing but copper, and the New England interest
in the Senate—the New England interest par-
ticularly interested in shipping—would never
have pass'ed a copper bill alone, but they joined
with it and associated with it for the purpose
of cooperation an increase of duty from thirty^
five to forty-five per cent. On all species of man 
ufactures of copper and of brass; and not being
likely even with that to succeed, they allien
themselves with a few manufacturers of the
sulphate of copper, alias blue vitriol, aqd gave
them- five cenw per pound protection — no
prohibition on that article, which costs ia
New York but little over five cents per pound j
thus giving them one hundred per cent, bounty
on that article, while all the gentleman frouv
the Lowell district of Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] has asked for the protection of his man-
ufacturers of blue vitriol was an increase front
thirty-five to forty-five per cent. The Senate
added on an increase of one hundred percent.
ad valorem. By that sort of cooperation and
association, by linking together brass and cop-
per and blue vitriol and sulphates-, in one form
and another, they succeeded in carrying this
bill through the Senate and reintroducing- it
here in the House, when without one word
of discussion the bill was put through the
House.
Sir, this blue vitriol interest is in the hands
of but three or four, certainly not five manu-
facturers, in the East; and it puts it in the
power of these few manufacturers of sulphate
of copper to have the entire control and mo-
nopoly of all the dyeing material of this coim-
try that is made out of the sulphate of copper.
I am authorized to say that if the Congress
of the United States for ten years only will
guaranty to a company of five manufacturers
that I can name they will deposit into the
Treasury of the United States, within thirty
days, $500-,000 on this single article of blue
vitriol alone. And yet you will get no revenue
whatsoever from the duty here proposed, for it
is an absolute prohibition, an exclusion of
all importation, a donation, a bounty of the
wickedest kind, to three or four blue vitriol
manufacturers in the East whose votes passed
the bill, overriding the shipping interest in the
eastern States in favor of the copper interest
of the Northwest. Sir, a bill so iniquitous at
the start, so outrageous and abominable in its
inception, not standing here be-fore the House
single and alone, but as a bargain which could
not receive the votes of ten or fifteen men in
the House but by association and combination
with all the varied copper interests of the coun-
try, is likely to receive too large a vote now for
the great interests of the people.
Sir, if what I say in these matters of fact
has no influence upon the House i trust they
will look to the churches and free academies
of the country. I hold in my hand a letter
from the Messrs. Meneely, the great bell found-
ers at Troy, New York, in which they remon-
strate against the passage of this bill, and say:
"About three hundred tons of copper are annually-
required for the manufactureof church and academy
bells. The proposed increase will bear onerously
upon this interest and must of course in the end be
borne by the peoplewho require these articles. The
Canadian Government makes a wise discrimination
in tavor of church bells in its tariff, in that they are
admitted free of duty."
We might state further that this proposed
increase of duty upon copper will be hailed
with delight by the manufacturers of the in-
