•286
APPEKDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Senate.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Davis.
40th Gong. ... 3d Sess.
three objects to be subserved by the States
■who formed the Government in agreeing to the
proposed Constitution that was drafted by the
Convention in Philadelphia. What were they ?
I will frankly concede that the first was a
Union to protect the country against exterior
assault. The second was a power in the Gen-
eral Government to act not upon the States
but upon the people of the States for the pur-
pose of maintaining domestic order and tran-
quillity. The third was the preservation of the
States with a view to the perpetuation of pop-
ular liberty.
It would be impossible to have the necessary
amount of national strength to protect the coun-
try against foreign nations without a Union and
a common Government. It would be equally
impossible to have a common Government that
would have any popular or free character
without the intervention of the States and the
State governments charged with all the re-
served powers that were not expressly con-
ferred by the Constitution upon the common
Government, and with all the reserved sov-
ereignty that was necessary to control and man-
age their own domestic and internal affairs.
Mr. President, I will answer in a single re-
mark a line of argument that was entered upon
by the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fkeling-
HUYSEif] this evening. He assumed that this
question of sufi'rage for the States was before
the Federal Convention and was deliberated
upon and debated in that Convention. My hon-
orable friend is a deep reader generally, but in
that position he is utterly at fault. What was
the business of the Convention? Not to form
State governments for the States, not to modify
the State governments any further than the
States might surrender a portion of their pow-
ers for the purpose of organizing those powers
into a General Government. The Convention
deliberated, debated, and acted upon the re-
striction of such powers. It provided for that
restriction and for that partial surrender; but
in relation to the State governments that Con-
vention never acted, never deliberated. There
never was a proposition before them in rela-
tion to suffrage to be exercised in the States
undertheir own constitutions and in the admin-
istration of their own governments.-
At that time each State had its Executive,
called a Governor, each State had its Legisla-
ture, consisting of two branches known by dif-
ferent names. The Governor and the mem-
bers of each brauch of the Legislature of each
State were elected by popular vote; in most
eases directly, but in relation to the senate in
some States indirectly. If the honorable Sen-
ator was here present I would ask him, by ref-
erence to the proceedings of that Convention
as reported by Mr. Madison or to any history
of the proceedings of that Convention, to show
to the Senate where the subject of electors or
suffrage to be exercised by any portion of the
people ot any State in the election of the Gov-
ernor of that State, or the senate of that State
or the house of representatives of the Legisla-
ture of that State ever came before that Con-
vention for its deliberation, for its reflection,
for its action. There never was a proposition
made in the Convention in relation to the elect-
ors of the several States acting undertheirState
governments and in the election of their State
officers.
The honorable Senator read from some re-
marks of Franklin and others. If he reads the
proceedings of the Convention carefully he
and every other man of common sense, and
especially he, with all his ability and legal
astuteness, cannot fail to come to the conclu-
sion that every proposition, every speech, every
argument, every suggestion, that was made in
relation to electors and the right of suffrage in
the States had sole and exclusive reference to
the right of suffrage that was to be exercised,
tinder the Constitution of the United States,
in the election of Representatives to Congress
and presidential electors. Sir, that is the truth
of history; that is the record of the proceed-
ings of that Convention of illustrious men.
Why, sir,'I doubt myself whether it ever en-
tered into the mind or the imagination of a
solitary member of that Convention to propose
to regulate the right of suffrage or the qualifi-
cations of electors in the different States where
the suffrage was to be exercised in the election
of State officers under their State constitutions.
If there ever was such a mind, such a conclu-
sion, such an imagination, in that Convention,
there is no history of it in its recorded pro-
ceedings.
Mr. President, I agree that the subject of
suffrage and of the qualifieation of electors
arrested the attention of that Convention and
produced considerable debate and an expres-
sion of various and discordant views. The
proposition most insisted upon was that those
who exercised the office of elector under the
Government of the United States in the elec-
tion of members of the House of Representa-
tives or presidential electors should be free-
holders. But every proposition, every thought,
every suggestion, every argument in that de-
bate which occurred in the Convention related
exclusively to the right of suffrage and to the
qualification of electors acting in the new Gov-
ernment under the Constitution of the United
States simply and singly in the election of
members of the House of Representatives and
presidential electors. I challenge this posi-
tion to be refuted by fact or history.
Mr. President, the men who deliberated in
that Convention were too much of State-rights
men, they were too much devoted to the liber-
ties of the people of their respective States,
ever to have proposed, ever to have thought
of giving a power-over the right of suffrage in
their respective State governments to the com-
mon Government that was about to be organ-
ized by the Constitution. Sir, if such a hetero-
dox proposition had been proposed, one so
wholly inconsistent not only with State rights
but with popular liberty, it would have been
scorned and trampled under foot, or it would
have broken up the deliberations of that Con-
vention in twenty-four hours.
Mr. President, here is the error which men
slide into sometimes imperceptibly: they con-
found the State governments and the United
States Government. Why, sir, that Conven-
tion proposed and organized an Executive not
for the States but for the United States in the
Government that they proposed, and that Chief
Executive they called the President. The
State governments then were in existence, in
full and perfect operation. The Government
formed by that Convention was upon the model
of the State governments, consisting of the di-
vision and partition of the powers of govern-
ment into three branches, executive, legislative,
and judicial. That Convention deliberated,
acted, voted upon, and organized all those
branches of the Government of the United
States. We have a record of their action in
relation to the President, in relation to the
Senate, in relation to the House of Represent-
atives, but in none of their action in relation
to any of these branches of government did
they ever have any reference to or dream of
the Executive of any of the States, the senate
or the house of representatives of any of the
States, the government of any of the States.
They had no power whatever. Their action
was merely advisory. They were a gratui-
tously assembled Convention, without author-
ity except so far as they derived their authority
from the appointment of their respective States.
The Congress of the Confederation had no
power to authorize such a Convention. They
acted simply with aview to remedythe defects
and the weaknesses of the existing form of
government, if government it might be called,
and they restricted all their deliberations and
all their action to that, single subject. They
never pretended to interfere with the States,
and it was well for the harmony of their delib-
erations, for the wise conclusion which they
reached in recommending a system of gov-
ernment to the people of the United States,
and for the adoption of that system of gov-
ernment by the conventions called in the sev-
eral States, it was well for all these great and
inappreciable interests that they confined their
action and their deliberations only and exclu-
sively to considering and forming a Govern-
ment for the United States and forbore all
interference whatever with the State govern-
ments. I concede that the system of govern-
ment which the Convention framed recom-
mended that the States in their sovereign
capacity as independent political corporations,
vested with all the political powers and sov-
ereignty of any State or nation, should sacri-
fice and surrender up a portion of their polit-
ical sovereignty for the purpose of forming a
General Government, and that is all they did.
I will read a short passage from the introduc-
tory number of the Federalist, written by Mr.
Madison:
"It has been frequently remarked that itseems to
have been reserved to the people of this country to
decide by their conduct and example the important
question whether societies of meu are really capable
or not of establishing good government from reflec-
tion and choice, or wheiher they are forever ^des-
tined to depend for their political constitutions on
accident and force."
That was a problem that had occupied the
minds of statesmen and lawgivers from the
earliest ages of the world to the period when
this Constitution was formed. Our fathers at-
tempted to solve the problem, and their solu-
tion of the problem is presented in the Con-
stitution of the United States. Every man iu
this body and iu this nation professes rever-
ence for and devotion to that Constitution. In
reaching the ends of the country in the forma-
tion of the Government it was an evidence of
the mostsignal wisdom, forethought, and patri-
otism. It exacted from the States the sacrifice
of the essential powers necessary to regulate
the external affairs of all the States with otber
Governments ; all the powers necessary to pre-
serve harmony and peace and concord among
the several States of the Union ; and then pro-
vided that all the residue of sovereignty and
political power should be reserved to the un-
disputed possession u.nd exercise of the people
of the States. I have before me the Comment-
aries of Mr. Justice Story, and I will read
from them presently. He lays down this posi-
tion, as all our eminent commentators upon the
Constitution and statesmen have done, that
this Government of ours is one of limited and
delegated powers. The most familiar arid
striking illustration which I can give of it is
that it is a political power of attorney from the
people of the several States to the common
Government and to the men who iu the future
were to fill the offices of that common Gov-
ernment.
This familiar illustration will bring to the
mind of every man of common sense tbe prin-
ciple by which itisto beconstrued. You create
an attorney in fact to transact your business ;
you create that attorney by a written letter or
power. What is tbe extent of his powers?
Only such as you have chosen expressly to del-
egate to him. All that you do not delegate by
words you retain ; and the truth of that posi-
tion needs no argument or principle to sustain
it. But our jealous fathers were not satisfied
with that irrefragable principle of logic and of
human reason. They chose to provide ex-
pressly that all the powers not herein delegated
to the United States are reserved to the States
respectively or to the people. Judge Story, in
his Commentaries, treats it as an unnecessary
provision which was only inserted for greater
caution to avoid all pretense for the assump-
tion that the States did not retain their sov-
ereignty.
We have heard this Chamber resound, from
time to time, with the declaration that there
was no State sovereignty ; that it was a mock-
