1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
Mr. Speaker, there is a point that was raised
by the question of the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Upson] that, it seems to me, should
settle this matter with the House. At this same
election and under the same registration there
was elected a member of the Legislature of the
State of Missouri. He claimed his seat by vir-
tue of this registration and election. The lower
branch of the Legislature considered the case
and by a large vote declared that the secretary
of State had the authority under the constitu-
tion and laws of the State to reject the vote of
Callaway or any other county for disloyalty,
and refused a seat to the person claiming it.
The question came up at a subsequent period
before the same Legislature and they adjudi-
cated it again. Arguments were made upon
it, the case was investigated in all its bearings,
and the Legislature again declared that the
authority rested iu the secretary of State to
reject the vote.
The whole question in this case turns upon
the right of the secretary of State to reject that
county if it appeared to him that the law had
not been carried out there. The gentleman
who makes this report takes the ground that
there is no such authority in the secretary of
State. The rejection of the vote in Callaway
county in the case of the person claiming to be
elected to the Legislature, of which I have
spoken, was the very vote that we are passing
upon here to-day, and we are called upon, in
connection with this, to say whether the Legis-
lature of Missouri, after full investigation, was
right in rejecting the member claiming to be
elected.
Mr. WARD. I would inquire if the returns
of this county were rejected by the secretary
of State ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They were rejected by
the secretary of State in this case precisely as
they were in the case of the member of the
Legislature, and upon the same testimony. The
secretary of State gave his certificate to the sit-
ting member, certifying that after the rejection
of Callaway county the sitting member had a
majority of the votes given in the district. It
requires a vote of over five hundred to be cast
in that county in order to elect the contestant.
The same vote that was cast in the county at
this election, as T said before, if it had been
cast for him then would not have elected him,
but would have given the seat to the sitting
member.
Now, as to the right of the secretary of State
to reject the votes. The Legislature of the
State passed a registry law. Registration was
about to commence under it. The opposition
found means, as I said before, to override the law
in the disloyal counties. The Legislature see-
ing the state of things went to work and passed
a supplemental law which required the super-
intendent of registration to certify the result
of their labors to the secretary of State. That
law was enacted in order that the power might
be in the hands of the secretary of State to
pass upon the question whether there was a
registration iu accordance with law.
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman give the
dale of that law?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was approved March
12, 1868, and will be found on page 910 of the
Statutes of the State. That law requires the
superintendent to report to the secretary of
State the result of the registration, and to ap-
pend a certificate to the returns, making the
certificate evidence of the facts therein stated.
Upon that certificate is stated the fact that
there was no legal registration in that county ;
that such a state of things existed as precluded
the possibility of carrying out the law.
A Member. How about the other registra-
tion officers?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman wants to
know what about the other registration officers.
I believe there were some eight or nine of
those officers. Three of them certify to these
facts; the rest of them make no certificate
whatever in connection with the registration
beyond what they make to the superintendent.
All the registering officers who certify at all
in connection with these returns certify that
they were illegal, and that there was no regis-
tration at all in consequence of the peculiar
state of things which existed there.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are matters of im-
portance that I felt called upon to present to
the consideration of the House. First,, it is
utterly impossible for us to carry out our regis-
try laws unless we concede this authority to the
secretary of State ; and in the next place, it
has been adjudicated in Missouri and found
against the contestant. This, it seems to me,
should be sufficient for the action of the House.
There are other points which 1 might present;
but there are other gentlemen who wish to
speak on this subject, and I will first yield to
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Whittemoee.]
Mr. PAINE. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman who has this case in charge whether
we are to have a vote on it to night ?
Mr. KERR. In the absence of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] who has charge
ofthisreport, I will answer the question. Before
the gentleman from Illinois retired from the
room he said to me that it, was his intention to
call for the previous question as soon as the
hour«of the gentleman now holding the floor
had expired and I had submitted a few re-
marks, and to have a vote this evening.
Mr. WH1TTEMORE. M". Speaker, so elab-
orately and fully have the facts and evidence
been presented in this case by the honorable
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Stover] that I
shall in the short time allotted me confine my
remarks to the general influences encountered
during the late elections iu the South. While
the eloquence of the hopeful and brilliant
mindsthat shape the expectations of the masses
is being exhausted in arguments upon " what
has been accomplished by the election of Gen-
eral Grant," and these Halls resound with the
prudent, yet earnest, admonitions of veteran
legislators, wdio speak for the people, as the
oracles of their demands, and stand as sentinels
at the gates of public safety, cautioning useless
and extravagant outlays; while claimants of
every character are pressing their importunate
measures of relief, and the combined army of
petitioners is moving toward the Capitol to
secure aid in behalf of their " benevolent and
universally-desired" projects, which they tell
us are to develop the boundless resources of the
gigantic Republic and add to the wealth of its
people, the extent of its revenues, and conse-
quently liquidate the national debt more easily
and speedily ; while our desks are covered and
the lobbies are filled with appeals to our sym-
pathies and judgments, that we may be enlisted
among the advocates of bills and resolutions
that shall dig canals, build bridges, construct
railroads, increase anddecrease thetariiF, grant
subsidies, and every other special favoi that
human ingenuity and necessity can devise,
there are matters, Mr. Speaker, that de-
mand the consideration of every one, without
reference to party distinctions, who claim to
have been exercised by or who now anxiously
look for the coming event which has been
promised—'the era of peace.
There are claims which must be heard ; the
plea of "the burdens that oppress us" can-
uot and must not close the ears of Congress to
the condition which the loyal men of our coun-
try, especially in the States so recently re-
claimed from the results of secession and^ re-
bellion, have been and are now experiencing.
It is one thing to pass reconstruction laws ; to
declare the governmental policies as to how the
late rebel States shall be restored to their
"practical relations in the Union:" by what
means they shall come back to the fellowship
of States and lift their voice in the councils of
the nation ; but it is another thing to carry out
these laws, these policies, and make the legis-
lation of Congress, its enactments, practical
and enduring. It is unnecessary for. me to
repeat the many propositions or conditions
which, from the close of the war of the rebel-
lion, were tendered to the southern States and
rejected by their legislatures and contemned
by the paroled yet belligerent subjects of the
nation's clemency ; for already is the fact ac-
knowledged by the final declarations of both
Houses of Congress, the conformity to which
alone has enabled'the Representatives of the
largest number of such States to present their
credentials for and obtain their seats in the
present Congress of the United States.
It has been no flowery path through which
they have come; they have not been brought
in the arms of such as have, according to the
hackneyed phrase, "accepted the logie of
events they have not filled the vacant chairs
from which arrogant traitors hastened to their
work of ruin, by the express wish of confed-
erates converted, nor have they come to impose
upon the nation the assurance that the reign of
peace is triumphant among their constituencies.
So much has been said on this subject that
the recital of what it has cost thus far to bring
order out of confusion is received with a meas-
ure of doubt and caution by those who are
willing to admit that much has been accom-
plished—more, perhaps, than might have been
expected. It has become, however, too much
the case that the honest reconstructionist of
the North, who, if he differs with his neighbor
in matters ever so radical in nature or opposite
in character, and does so without fear of mo-
lestation or peril, thinks that the same condi-
tion of things exists throughoutthewholeland,
or rather does not know that they do not exist.
And when the faithful advocate of allegiance
to the organic law of the land, the uncompro-
mising friend of' the Union, the defender of its
honor, the loyal, true, and devoted patriot in
the South, who has braved the contests which
have been so fiercely waged, so severely won
to restore the unity and perpetuity of the States,
tells the perils he has encountered, reads the
horrors of the inquisition that has been estab-
lished among those who were to decide as to
who they would have to "rule over them;"
whether they would bring back " the wayward
sisters" to the paternal household or leave
them without in the wilderness of discontent
and disorder, the wastes of confusion and
alarm, it has been too often presumed that the
mind of the narrator has become by virtue of
his surroundings too easily impressed with
imaginary fears, wrongs, and terrors, or that
he is seeking to make for himself a notoriety,
to establish himself a hero as yet unclironicled
or unrecognized.
It is not too much for me to say that any
one, however small the position he may have
occupied, or humble he may have been in the
efforts which have been put forth to reconstruct
either of the "so-called confederate States."
has a history to relate which would astonish the
incredulous and astound the ready to believe.
I know whereof I speak, that a price has been
set upon the head of every prominent man who
has dared to become the leader of the new
order of things among the old adherents of the
past rlSf/imcs of the South; thatamarkhasbeen
set against his name on the list of the doomed,
and ho was to be dragged to the slaughter in
ease the plans of the conspirators, who are not
yet idle or sleeping, prevailed ; and that mark
has not yet been removed.
I am aware, indeed I know, that extermina-
tion of all who dared to espouse the cause of
the Union was the purpose, the sworn intent,
of the secret organized powers that held "their
carnivals over the hopes that the lost cause
might yet be regained." Intimidations of the
most open and flagrant character have been
practiced; men who desired to do their duty,
to act in accordance with what they belie* e<l
to be incumbent upon them, have been assured,
if they dared to exercise the privileges that hail
been legislated them m any manner other than
that which would satisfy such as were stiil plot -
ting against reconstruction, they would do so
at the peril of their lives and the loss of .their
opportunities to live.
Threatening has been the order in high and
low places, and did any manifest the courage
to encounter the probabilities before them the
whole dialect of abuse and threats has been
