1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28t
40th Cong. ... 3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
ery of terms, and that not only the paramount
but all the soveieignty of the United States
was vested in the Government of the United
States. What, says Mr. Madison? In the
Federalist, No. 45, that recommended this
system of government to the adoption of the
people of the several States, I read this Das-
sage :
" The State governments may be regarded as con-
stituent and essential parts of the Federal Govern-
ment, while the latter is no wise essential to the oper-
ation or organization of the former. "Without the
intervention of the Stato Legislatures the President
of the United States cannot be elected at all. They
must in all eases have a great share in his appoint-
ment, and will perhaps in most eases of themselves
determine it. The Senate will be elected absolutely
and exclusively by the State Legislatures. Even the
House of Representatives, though drawn immedi-
ately from the people, will be chosen very much
under the influence of that class of men whose influ-
ence over the people obtains for themselves an elec-
tion into the State Legislatures. Thus each of the
principal branches of the Federal Government will
owe its existence more or less to the favor of the
State governments, and must consequently feel a
dependence which is much more likely to beget, a
disposition too obsequious t&an too overbearing to-
ward them, On the other side, the component parts
of the State governments will in no instance be in-
debted for their appointment to the direct agency of
the Federal Government, and very little, if at all, to
the local influence of its members."
Now I will refer to another vital and import-
ant matter in which the States and their gov-
ernments area necessary and an indispensable
part of the machinery of the Government of
the United States. Why ? Because it is the
State Legislatures that are to provide for the
election of presidential • electors. Another
feature and provision of the Constitution is
that the Senate of the United States shall con-
sist of two Senators from each State, elected
by the Legislatures of the different States. I
will give other instances in which the States
are a part of the machinery of the General
■ Government. Suppose the States, or a ma-
jority of them, were to refuse to sead Repre-
sentatives to Congress, would not that term-
inate the Government? Suppose a majority
of the States were to decline to pass laws for
the election of presidential electors? Mr.
Madison says that the action of the States is
indispensably necessary to the election of a
President. There is no substitute power of
aeiion by which a valid presidential election
can take place. What would become of the
Senate, what would become of the Constitu-
tion and Government of the United States, if
the State Legislatures or a majority of them
should refuse to elect Senators? The idea
that this Government is a self-preserving and
a self-perpetuating power is a heresy. It has
no truth in the provisions of the Constitution
or any logic that results from the Constitution.
What was the scene that was witnessed in
1801? No candidate for the Presidency got a
majority of all the presidential electors. The
consequence was that under the provision of
the Constitution the election of President was
thrown be'ore the House of Representatives
and the House balloted a great many times,
and that threatened to bring the Government
-to a close before it succeeded in making a
President.
Did not every man then concede, does not
every man now concede, that if the House of
Representatives by States had continued obsti-
nately to ballot between Jefferson and Burr
without giving either of them a majority of the
States there would then have been no presi-
dential election, and the Government would
have been brought to an end? No, sir. There
is no such absurdity as that in our system of
government. We have no government of in-
herent sovereignty; we have no government
that does not derive all of its sovereignty and
all of its powers from the people. There is no
government, Slate or Federal, that, does not re-
require the constant ministration and action of
the people of America, acting by States, to
coutinue it in being and in administration ; aud
the withdrawal by the States from the Govern-
ment of action in various forms would bring
the Government to a close.
Why, Mr. President, suppose there should
be another election in which any candidate for
the Presidency failed to receive a majority of
all the electoral votes. The election would be
thrown into the House of Representatives. The
three highest of the candidates are before the
House, and the House of Representatives, aet-
ing by States, continues to divide between the
three candidates so as to render it utterly
impracticable for any one of them to obtain a
majority of the vote of the States acting by
States. In such a state of case would not the
Government come to an end ? There might
be an irregular assumption and usurpation of
power that would continue the governmental
action ; but that would be essentially as much a
revolution as though it was brought about by
force of arms.
Mr. President, the Government of the United
States might cease to exist to-morrow m any
of these modes; would that affect the existence
of the governments of the States? No,sir. Our
complex system of government was formed
upon the principle of erecting and building the
Federal Government upon the States. They
are the piles driven into the earth upon which
this magnificent edifice was reared. When
these piles or any of them fall it endangers
the superstructure and will bring it to ruin.
But the superstructure itself may be over-
thrown by the blast of revolution ; it may be
abandoned by the States themselves; it may
be abandoned by the people of the States who
formed it, and yet it would leave the existing
States with their governments in all their per-
fected organization as unharmed and undis-
turbed as though there had been no such catas-
trophe to the common Government of the
country.
Now, Mr. President, I ask the honorable
Senator from Nevada and his able coadjutors
whatpowerin the United States forms the State
governments? I concede that the State gov-
ernments, as I said heretofore, were existing
in a State organization and perfect operation
in 1787, in 1789, in 1790, when the Constitu-
tion went into operation. I .concede further-
more that so far as powers and sovereignty were
delegated by the people of the States, acting by
States, to the common Government by the enu-
merated powers of the Constitution it circum-
scribed the sovereignty and the powers of the
Skates ; but not beyond it. The powers of the
States are restricted by the Federal Constitu-
tion. The powers of the General Government
are restricted by the Federal Constitution ; for
there are powers enumerated there which the
wise and patriotic men who framed it were not
willing to trust either to the General or to State
Governments. But I ask what was the manipu-
lation of the State governments in their modi-
fication by the Convention of 1787? I concede
that the States were shorn of a part of their
sovereignty and political power; but I say that
in the organism of their governments, in the
arrangement and powers of their government,
they were not only not interfered with by the
Convention of 1787, but the people of America
without exception would not have submitted a
day to any such interference. It is now pro-
posed to put in the Constitution:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States or by any Stato on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
What is the extent and the office of this
amendment as it is proposed, to regulate by an
amendment of the Constitution the whole force
and power of suffrage and of holding office in
the different States for their respective govern-
ments ? Sir, 1 maintain that Congress has no
such power. The miserable negroes whom it
is proposed to invest with the right of suffrage
by this provision, and which is the chief object
of most of its advocates, are utterly worthless
in the consideration of this vast, permanent,
great matter. The honorable Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] adverted to it a day
or two since when he spoke of the tide of emi-
gration that might pour in upon the Pacific
States from the surcharged populations of
eastern Asia. He adverted to a danger that
cannot excite too muehalarm. Our Christian
civilization and our Government of the people
by written Constitution and giving limited and
delegated powers could not survive a few great
waves from that vast hive of an inferior race.
We all know this who know anything of the
Chinese. They are vastly a superior race to the
negro. There is no nation out of Europe that
has as high a civilization as the Chinese. In
the arts, in science, in all the achievements of
civilization, the Celestial Empire is incompara-
bly greater than the Japanese Islands. Next
to the Christian nations in Europe and Amer-
ica it is the highest and much the highest that
has ever been reached by any race in the world.
We know the efficiency of this race, and we
know that if it was to come in its deluge or
successive, numberless waves from an empire
that numbers one fourth of the population of
globe it might well give us cause for alarm.
Our system of religion and government and
of social organization is threatened by this
wave of emigration from Eastern Asia. Sir,
for myself, I would be willing to lay a per-
petual and an absolute embargo upon it. If
my voice could prevail, not for my benefit or
for the benefit of this generation, there never
should be allowed the privilege to one son or
daughter of the Mongolian race again to put
foot upon the shores of America. I want
no negro Government; I want no Mongolian
Government; I want the Government of the
white man which our fathers incorporated.
The Declaration of Independence was made
as irrespective of the negro as it was of the
red man of the forest. It embraced neither.
Neither of them was a party to it. Neither
had any hand in its organization. Neither
was to take part, in it; and that truth is evi-
denced not only by contemporaneous history,
but by the act of Congress authorizing the nat-
uralization of foreigners, passed in 1803. which
expressly limits the naturalization of foreigners
to white men.
Now, Mr. President, I ask you in sober rea-
son, and I ask the Senators here present this
question : did an after generation ever owe such
a debt of gratitude to a previous one as we do
to our fathers whoframedthiswonderful instru-
ment of government? Was ever such a com-
plicated piece of governmental machinery put
together? Was there ever a Government that
required so much of human reason and intelli-
gence and virtue to sustain and to perpetuate
it? Was there ever a Government so fraught
with blessings unnumbered, inappreciable, to
those who were to succeed the founders of this
Government ? Was there ever as important and
difficult and priceless an office performed by
one generation of men to all the subsequent
generations of men? *
But, Mr. President, as high a duty as that
has devolved upon this generation; and that
is to preserve, to perpetuate unimpaired in all
their purity, in all of their remarkable distribu-
tions and arrangements and checks of power,
in all their restrictions, in all the guarantees
which they give not only of national strength
but of individual liberty and happiness, the in-
stitutions they founded. That is as priceless
and as difficult a duty devolving upon this gen-
eration. 1 am not prepared to say that the
duty and the difficulty of preservation are not
quite as great as those of creation and inaugu-
ration. What says Mr. Madison upon that
point? In the Federalist he says:
"The powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government are few and defined."
Is there any compatibility between that enu-
meration of the powers and objects of the two
governments and the proposition now under
consideration ? Sir, what is the great princi-
