APPENDIX TO THE "CQJT(JlpSSSIONJlL GLOBE.
[February 8}
Senate.
Suffrage Constitutional Ammdment—Mr,.Davis.
40th Gong....3d
pie, the great force and power of representative
government? The firstand fundamental is the
right of suffrage. Next to that in importance
and influence is the right to hold office. Here
it is proposed in what is termed an amendment
of the Constitution, but what will be a revolu-
tion of the Constitution, to take these great
forces and powers from all the State govern-
ments and for Congress to absorb them. Sir,
the very essence of government is contained in
these two propositions. The power that regu-
lates the right of suffrage, that decides who
shall vote, has an equal right to decide who
shall not vote. The power that decides who shall
hold office has an equal right to decide who
shall not hold office. Then, I ask any intelli-
gent man if these twp powers in their double
aspect do not combine the very essence ..q?
human government? You now ostensibly offer
to amend the Constitution of the United States.
I concede that you have a right to regulate suf-
frage in all popular elections under lie Consti-
tution of the United States; not beyond. You
have a right to decide who shall vote for Rep-
resentatives to Congress. The Convention en-
deavored to establish a uniform rule on that
subject, but the different qualifications and the
modes of election were so various in the States
that for that reason, and that reason alone, they
were unable to present a uniform rule, not for
regulating suffrage in State governments and
under State constitutions, but within the Con-
stitution of the United States in the election
simply of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives and presidential electors.
Now, I ask, Mr. President, if this proposi-
tion is to be adopted and it is to become a
function of Congress to propose, not amend-
ments, not improvements, but provisions that
contain the very elements of revolution and
destruction of our whole system of permanent
State governments; if it is a competent power
for Congress to exercise to propose such amend-
ments, where is the safety of the States, where
are the State governments, where ate State
rights? Do yoa not at once, if you establish
this principle and make this precedent, absorb
all State rights, all State power? Do you not
assume and usurp a perfectly uncontrollable
and absolute power to regulate the State gov-
ernments as you please, to manipulate them,
to dictate how and on what principles they
shall be formed, and if you choose so to inter-
pose directly to form them themselves? Yes,
Mr. President, if it is competent for Congress
to exercise the power in this form you may do
it in a more summary and effective form. With
as much show of constitutional power, with as
much justice, reason, and truth, you could pre-
sent the projet of a permanent form of govern-
ment, a constitution for all the States, and pass
an amendment of the Constitution that that
should be the government of all the States.
There is no arresting you from reaching that
conclusion if you proceed on in these princi-
ples, upon this platform.
Now, sir, hare you any such power as that?
In the case of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland, Chief Justice Marshall said:
" We admit, all must admit, that the powers of the
?<v<?irnm,e,n^.are and must not be transcended,
fchouid Congress in the execution of its powers
adopt measures wbieh are prohibited by the Consti-
tution, or should Congress under the pretext of exe-
cuting its powers pass laws for the accomplishment
ot objects not intrusted to the Government, it would
become the painful duty ot this tribunal, should a
case requiring such a decision come before it, to say
that sucii an act was not the law of the land."
That position has a strong and irresistible
application to the present case. Congress has
a right to propose amendments to the Consti-
tution. That is a limited right. Under the
guise and pretext of executing that power you
have no_ right to pass other acts with which you
are not intrusted. Now, I ask gentleman here
at this point, is Congress intrusted with any
powerto make a State government; or is the
provision of the Constitution the only charter
of the power of Congress from which such a
course can be deduced either by express pro-
vision or by any sort of implication ? Have
you. the right by an ameudment of the Con-
stitution to say who shall vote in State elec-
tions;? Have you any right to decide that the
provisions of State constitutions which confine
the right of suffrage to white men shall not be
enforced ? May you strike out of these instru-
ments that provision and leave language that
will comprehend the black men and. the red
men and the. yellow .men ? If yon have, Iask
you to read the provision of the Constitution.
Sow, why do you attempt this amendment?
It is indirection ; it is that you may feacb as
certainly and as surely the control of all the
State elections in the southern States as though
you decided those elections by your own votes.
You are to do that by the negro vote. You are
"to do that by giving the right of suffrage to a
majority of ignorant, half barbarians, totally
unfit; men of an inferior race in some of the
southern States and a large proportion in all
of them.
I should like to hear a statesman or alawyer
read to me the principles of the Constitution
"that clothes you with such a power, and main-
tain his conclusions by any fair logic or argu-
mentation. Sir, there never was a bolder
usurpation attempted by men. There never
was one more abhorrent to the American mind
and to all the fundamental principles of the
American system of government. Here is the
State of Kentucky ; I will put the case of that
State because it is my own. We claim the
right perfectly, absolutely, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States and our mixed sys-
tem of government, to form our own State
government. One of the essential and most
important principles of that government, one
of the most important forms of that right, is
that we shall have the power to decide who
shall vote in the State in our State elections.
Another one of equal importance is th&t we
claim the right to decide what class of persons,
what qualifications our candidates for Gov-
ernor, for attorney general, for all the high
offices of the State and for members of the
houses of the Legislature shall have. Now,
you can claim not only to share that right
with us, but to control it by the action of the
Representatives and Senators from the other
States. Whence do yon deduce thaf right?
Show me your warrant for it. You have no
such warrant. Suppose we refuse to submit
to it. Suppose the people, who are generally
opposed to negro suffrage, refuse to submit to
it. How wilt you enforce it? Oh, by arfns!
That is the panacea.
Well, now, Mr. President, if that is your
purpose, yon are forcing the devotees to State
rights, to a limited and delegated government,
to popular liberty, to one common right upon
which all may unite without regard to section
or the former existence of slavery or freedom
in their States. You force us to a right to
question whether Congress shall absorb all the
powers of this Government at its will and
pleasure, the power to make State governments
and declare who shall administer State gov-
ernments both in suffrage and office ; to blot
out any of the provisions of the State govern-
ments according to your will, and to create
others according to your party interests, ac-
cording to your selfish schemes of ambition and
of party power. Whence do you derive such
a power as that? You are forcing the free-
men of America, the sons of the men who car-
ried our country through the struggle of the
Revolution, to^ occupy a common ground upon
that right. If you will have it so, when you
all rally to that line, for one I am for making
the issue there and fighting it out to the death.
'.un ready to stand or mil upon that great
principle of State rights and popular govern-
ment. It was for that our fathers fought; it
was for that they framed the Constitution ; it
was for that they preserved the States and
their governments as a part of the machinery
of the General 'Government; and you have no
more right to cut off a part of the machinery
of the General Government in the form of the
State governments than you have to cut off
Congress or to cut off the Senate.
Mr. President, the English Government is
fast assuming the feature and powers of a gov-
ernment of the House of Commons. Its im-
petuous action is swallowing up the royal pre-
rogatives and the privileges of the House of
Lords. So of our House of Representatives.
You claim to be omnipotent, at least you act
as though yoa Were omnipotent. You strip
the Supreme Court at your pleasure of its
powers as a coordinate braneh of the Govern-
ment. You invade the Presidency, and you
Strip the Executive of powers that are as much
his as your ordinary legislative powers are
yours. Not satisfied with that, you proceed on
in the paths of usurpation of power, of oppres-
sion, and of error, and now claim the right to
stifle the State governments and to say who
shall vote, who shall control them, who shall
fill their offices, and what their constitutions
and laws shall be.
You are doing the true votaries of liberty in
this country a great service in making this
issue. I thank you for pushing it to such an
extreme. The sensibilities of the people have
been struck so often and with so much force
by congressional usurpations of power and pre-
rogative as to have lost mueh of their true
comprehension of the Government, but it seems
to me this will be an electric shock that will
give it all of its vitality and energy, and it will
arouse, itself for your final overthrow ; and for
one I am willing to accept the issue. If you
are resolved to push forward the work of usurp-
ation, of wrong, of violation of the Constitu-
tion, of oppression upon the free people of the
United States, who have as much right to power
in the Government as you have, you presume
on their future submission from their past sab-
mission ; you believe that the people who have
submitted to so much will yet submit to more.
But I warn you that the operations of nature
from which spring forth the earthquake are
deep, silent, and seated in the bosom of the
earth. They will not be known or seen until
the eruption comes with all of its attendant
destruction. The removal of Charles X from
his throne and of Louis Philippe was almost
without popular commotion. The late expul-
sion of Queen Isabella from Spain was almost
as quiet and noiseless. You ought to take
caution. Such will be your fate.
But, Mr. President, the vigorous and able
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] reminded
usa few days ago that the people had been edu-
cated by the war up to certain measures of
policy. The honorable Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Vickers] read extracts from speeches of
the honorable Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] and from speeches of the honorable
Senator froth Kansas, [Mr. Pomerot,] and
speeches of other Senators, as inconsistent
with their present positions and principles on
that subject as it is possible for human action
to be. The honorable Senator from Nevada
explained that he had no such weakness as to
pretend to any consistency in polities. The
honorable Senator from Indiana says that the
people had been educated up to the measures
that were enumerated to-day by the Senator
from Delaware. Sir, we have heard of edu-
cating the hearts of the southern people up to
the point of treason and rebellion before the
war began by Yancey and others. Such is the
progress of human error from boyhood to man-
Low—itbecomes more violent. The highway
robber, the burglar, commences his career
with timidity, with some compunctions of con-
science, but soon learns to stifle all compunc-
tions of conscience. Such is the progress of
error. Sir, the progress of all wrong, of all
crime, is forward.
^ Let me read from your platform of 1860.
.The Democratic party bad held, with slight
