1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
40th Cong....3d Sess.
Suffrage Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
interruptions, the Government and all its great
powers from 18'24. The Republican party
made a most earnest and eventually a success-
ful struggle to hurl the Democracy from power,
and by what means and for what purposes as
they avowed at the time :
" Resolved, That the maintenance of the princi-
ples promulgated in the Decimation of Independ-
ence and embodied in the Federal Constitution are
essential to the preservation of our republican insti-
tutions, und that the Federal Constitution, the rights
of the States, and the union of the States ought and
shall be preserved.
"Resolved, That tb« maintenance inviolate of the
rights of the States, and especially the right of each
State to order and control its own domestic institu-
tions according to its own judgment exclusively, is
essential to that balance of power on which the per-
fection and endurance of our political faith depend;
and we denounce a lawless invasion by an armed
force of any State or Territory, no matter under what
pretext, as among the gravest of crimes."
My honorable friend, not now in his seat,
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] I believe was one
of the fathers of the Republican party when it
first announced its principles. The principles
are essentially right. There could be no stronger
professions of devotion to State rights than are
herein set forth, if those professions were acted
on by the gentlemen who made them. This
party in Congress passed another resolution
iu 1851 which has been often read here, but I
read it again:
"Resolved, That the present deplorable civil war has
been lojced upon the country by the disunionists of
the dout^ern States now iu revolt against the consti-
tutional Government and in arms around the capi-
tal; thatin this national emergency Congress, ban-
ishing till feelings of mere passion or resentment, wm
reconect only itbdut^ to the whole country; that this
war is not prosecuted upon our part in any spirit ot
aggression or for any purpose otconquestor subjuga-
tion, or purpose of overthrowing or interfering with
the rights or established institutions of the States,
but to deieud and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and of the laws made in pursuance
thereof, and to preserve the Union wi th^all the dig-
nity. equality, and rights of the several States unim-
paired; aud that as soon as there objects are accom-
plished the warought to cease."
This party had another convention in the
course of the past year in which they adopted
another platform, one of the articles of which
was:
"The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to
all loyal men in the South was demanded by overy
consideration of public safety, of gratitude, aod ot
justice, and must be maintained while the question
oi suffrage in ail the loyal States properly belongs to
tlie people of those States."
Before the election there was no controversy
as to the meaning of this plank in the Repub-
lican platform. The proposition simply means
this: that the States in rebellion had been con-
quered bv the Government of the United States,
and thai all the rights of conquerors over the
southern States belonged to the Congress of
the United States as their couqneror, and there-
fore it was that the Chicago convention justify
Congress in havingimposed negro suffrage upon
the southern States, and having abrogated
their proper and legitimate State governments.
The meaning of the residue of the planlc is
simply that as to the States that did not enter
into the rebellion, and that therefore were not
conquered by Congress and its aimies, the
lovai States were subject to a different rule
than the southern States who^ had been con-
quered. and who were at the feet of their con-
querors, subject to the same Saw that any for-
eign Government imposes upon its enemies
when it has conquered them. J. hat is the
whole of it. That was your promise^ to the
people of the States who did not enter into the
lebeliion. You maintained that the right of
suffrage was properly given to the loyal negroes
of the South. CJpon what principle and by
what power? Upon the principle that Con-
giet-s has all the powers of a conqueror, having
been by the laws of nations invested by that
war with the rights of conquerors, just as any
foreign State ui'ght have invaded the United
Stated, or any ot them, and have permanently
co'iqtit'iiid a State, having become its masters,
expelled its government, and introduced a gov-
ernment ot the conquerors. You said that the
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 19.
same rights that the conqueror in that state of
the case would have had you have over the
southern people, and the same power over their
State governments and their institutions; but
at the same time you said explicitly that the
power, the right to regulate suffrage in the
loyal States belongs to those States; and that
part of the proposition is unquestionably true.
There is no provision of constitutional or na-
tional law that can shake it.
You go into Ohio, you go into all the States
that were loyal and who furnished the troops
that preserved the nation and suppressed the
rebellion and perpetuated the Government of
the United States, and say to them that you
have the power under the guise of amendment
to the Constitution to say who shall and who
shall not vote in those States, and who shall
and who shall not hold office in those States.
In other words, you claim a power that sub-
jects the governments of those States to the
power of two thirds of Congress and three
fourths of the States in proposing and passing
amendments to the Constitution. Sir, you
have no such power. It is as flagrant a usurpa-
tion as any party were ever guilty of. It will
not be submitted to. It ought not to be sub-
mitted to a day or an hour. The people who
will submit to it have the spirit of slaves ; they
will be slaves, and the sooner they are slaves
the better for the tranquillity of the country;
and let order reign in the country as order
reigned in Warsaw.
Mr. President, I protest against Congress
assuming any such power. From whence did
these vast claims of power originate? In the
school of Boston, in Massachusetts. Massa-
chusetts at the era of the Revolution and the
formation of the Constitution had great men.
Massachusetts was then more States rights
than Virginia herself. Some of the most im-
portant amendments to the Constitution were
proposed by that State. There were one hun-
dred and twenty-six amendments proposed by
seven States, says Mr. Madison. lo be sure
in different clauses of the amendment several
of these proposed amendments are to be found.
Sir, since the era of the formation of the Con-
stitution Massachusetts has been the hot-bed
of political heresy and sedition and disobe-
dience to the country, and of innovations that
have threatened to subvert not only the Gov-
ernment and Constitution of the countiy, but
its reputation and credit. Massachusetts in a
minority, bound to obey, has always been mal-
content and insurgent; in a majority she has
always been grasping, usurping, insulting, and
rebellious. There is no politician iu Massa-
chusetts with whom and with whose writings
I am acquainted with a single sound and cor-
rect idea in relation to the Federal Constitu-
tion, much less the question of suffrage. A
recent book that I have read called •' the Man-
ual of the Constitution" is the wildest ot all
the essays I have read, and only equaled by
those that I have heard enunciated on the floor
of this House by the honorable Senators from
Massachusetts.
Sir, what does the honorable Senator from
Vermont propose ? He speaks of this amend-
ment being submitted to the people of the
United States just as all the previous amend-
ments have been submitted. Do we not all
know the history of the previous amendments?
They were insisted upon by all the people ot
the States, with few exceptions, before the rati-
fication of the Federal Constitution ; and all ot
them I believe, without exception, made the
adoption of the first ten amendments that were
adopted m the First Congress a condition upon
which they accepted and ratiiied. the Constitu-
tion. Is there any such parallel between those
amendments and their modes of adoption ana
the proposition to submit now this amendment
to Legislatures long since elected who were
chosen without any regard to the great anu
vital questions involved in the proposed amend-
ment? Sir, the dominant meu ot the majority
party in the Senate may make loud professions
of obeying the will of the people. They are
for universal suffrage, that the will and the
voice of the people must prevail everywhere in
the Government they establish. How is it to
prevail ? Is there any practical rule except
that the majority shall control ? The majority
in each State ought to control. That is the
fundamental principle of our Government.
What would become of this proposition now
if it were submitted to the people of the States?
Instead of getting three fourths of the States
it would not get half of them. Here is Con-
necticut. There was a proposition made within
the past three years to strike out the term
"white" from her constitution in regulating
the right of suffrage ; and it was voted upon by
the people of that State, and it was voted down
by a majority of six thousand. But my hon-
orable friend from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry]
proposes that the Legislature elected by the
people after such a decided_ majority had de-
termined against the proposition of negro suf-
frage—and its Legislature was elected without
any regard to that question—when a large
majority of the people thought, no doubt, it was
settled in the State of Connecticut by that
vote he now insists that this Legislature shall
act upon the proposition of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States here pro-
posed.
Let us examine that just a minute in relation
to Connecticut. Connecticut votes by towns.
I understand that each town elects two mem-
bers of the house of representatives. Here
is one town with twelve hundred votes that
elects two members of the house ; here is
another with two thousand votes that elects
two members. Here is New Haven with forty
thousand people that elects two members;
here is Hartford with fifty-two thousand people
that elects two members. Here, then, are
ninety thousand people electing four members
of the Legislature of Connecticut, and here are
thirty-two hundred people electing four other
members. The number that are elected by
this meager minority of votes were elected
without reference to the proposed amendment
of the Constitution that is now under consider-
ation. The honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut wants these thirty-two hundred people to
have as much weight as ninety thousand, the
majority of whom are opposed to the amend-
ment. By the ratio of population the two
towns of New Haven and Hartford ought to
elect one hundred and fifty members, while the
other two towns should elect but four; but the
honorable Senator, with all his devotion to
the people, to the power of the sovereign peo-
ple, to the truism that all the people of the
United States should have an equal voice in
the government of the country, national and
State, insists against the proposition of his
colleague, and contends that his side of this
question shall have the advantage of four votes
with thirty-two hundred constituents, when his
colleague shall have the advantage of only four
votes with ninety thousand constituents.
The disproportion is enormous. _ I ask the
honorable Senator from Connecticut ifthe odds
were as large against him and his party as they
are in his favor would he not sustain a prop-
osition either that this proposed amendment
should be submitted to the people or a,t least
that it should be submitted to a Legislature
the most numerous body of which was to be
elected after the submission was made?
Mr. President, a few more words. In the
course of every generation the people of large
sections of the United States become terribly
disordered in their mental and moral struc-
ture'about various questions, and these evi-
dences of derangement and disordered intellect
and morals are always sure to originate in
Boston. They want suffrage; they are not
satisfied with that, but they want woman sut-
fra^e Now, Mr. President, 1 have but a lew
words to say on that matter. I say that woman
