1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
aro known to bo refugees and outlaws from adjoin-
ing States, who availed themselves of the political
excitement as a cloak for their schemes of rapine
and murder; bat such is the condition of society in
their immediate neighborhoods that neither the
ptomUed rewards nor the strenuous effoits of civil
officers have accomplished their nrrrest.
" They are fully armed and mounted,and boastofthe
exteut and powerof their organization. And si some-
what prominent individual, who is himself under
heavy bonds to answer the chargo ofcomplicity in the
murder of the lamented Randolph, has had the
hsirdihood to publish an address to tho Executive,
threatening still further outrages and additional vic-
tims. Asa discouraging evidence of the deterioration
of journalistic worth and morals, it may be men-
tioned that this covert threat of assassination has
been published and republished without awoid of
censure or dissent. The turbulent condition ofaffairs
in the localities alluded to cannot and must not be
longer tolerated. The law must be made supreme.
The most arrogant must be taught to obey its behests;
the humblest assured of its protection.
''The difficulties" or enormous outrages in
Georgia, which have not yet ceased, the viola-
tions of all the intents and purposes of the law
by men who have been uppermost in the coun-
cils of opposition to a popular government,
who are by virtue of their traitorous deeds in-
eligible to office, yet controlling the power of
the State and the destinies of the people, con-
vince us that peace is not yet a national blessing.
The very men who despise the terms and con-
ditions which qualify them to hold place or
position are still the secret organizers of terror
and the approvers of its devilish results. In
Tennessee, Missouri, Alabama, Mississippi,
Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas, portions of North
Carolina, wherever the voice of secession and
the hand of treason has been raised, there the
reign of rapine and murder, the barbarisms of
bloody clans have been inaugurated. Regis-
tration laws, constitutional provisions, legisla-
tive enactments have been disregarded, tram-
pied underfoot: the courts have become the
refuge ami the judges justifiers of prowling
assassins who imbrue their hands in the blood
of the lover of his country, in the wholesale
slaughter of such as have been taught and bap-
tized in the faith of our fathers and claim the
protectorate of the national might.
The following is the report of Brevet Major
General Reynolds, commanding tlie fifth mili-
tary district., embracing the State of Texas:
llcadqr uirERS Military District^
St ytk of Texas, Austin, Nooanbf r i, 1663.
General: I have the honor to forward herewith
annual fibular statement of expeditions, scouts, and
repoi t of movements of the various regiments serv-
ing m this district for the year ending September 30,
I86S.
Arm^d organizations, generally known as Ku-
klux Ivlin,M exist independently, or m concert with
other bauds, in many parts of Texas, but are most
'numerous, bold, and aggressive east of the Trinity
river.
The precise objects of these organizations cannot
be readily explained, but seem in this State to be to
disarm, rob, and, in many cases, murder Union men
and negroes, and as occasion may offer, murder Uni-
ted States ofiicers and soldiers; also, to intimidate
every one who knows anything of the organization,
but who will not join it.
The civil law east of the Trinity river is almost a
dead letter. In some counties the civil officers are
all, or a portion of them, members of the Klan. In
other counties, where the civil officers will not join
the Klan, or some other armed band, they have been
compelled to leave theireounties: examples are Van-
Zandt, Smith, and Marion counties; the county seat
of the latter is J effcrson.
In many counties^ where the county officers have
not been driven off their influence is scarcely felt.
What political end, it any, is aimed at by these bands
I cannot positively say; but they attend in large
bodies the political meetings (barbecues) which have
been and sire being held m various parts of the State
under the au>pices of the Democratic clubs of the
different counties.
The speakers eneouragc the attendance; and in
several counties men hove been indicated by name
from the speaker.*' stand as those selected for mur-
der The men thus pointed out have no course left
them but to leave their homes orbe murdered on tho
first convenient opportunity.
The murder of negroes is so common as to render
it impossible to keep an accurate account of them.
Many of the members of these bands of outlaws are
transient poisons in the State, tho absence of rail-
roads and telegraphs, and the great length of time re-
qaired to communicate between remote points, facil-
itating their devilish purposes. These organizations
arc evidently countenanced, or, at least, not discour-
aged, bv a majority of white people m the counties
where the bands are most numerous. They could not
otherwise < xist.
I have given this matter close attention, and am
satisfied that a remedy, to be effective, must be gradu-
ally applied, and combined with the firm support of
the Army until these outlaws are punished or dis-
persed. They cannot bo punished by the civil courts
until some examples of military commissions show
that men can be punished in Texas for murder and
kindred crimes. Perpetrators of such crimes have
not heretofore, except m very rare instances, been
punished in the 6tate at all.
Free speech and free press, as the terms are gen-
erally understood in other States, have never existed
in Texas. In fact the citizens of other States cannot
appreciate tho state of affairs in Texas without actu-
ally experiencing it.
The official reports of lawlessness and crime, so far
from being exaggerated, do not tell the whole truth.
Jefferson is the center from which mostof the trade,
travel,and lawlessness of Eastern Texas radiates,and
at this point or its vicinity there should be stationed
about a regiment of troops. The recent murder at
Jefferson of Hon. G.W.Smith, a delegate to the con-
stitutional convention, has made ltneeessary to order
more troops to that point. This movement weakens
the frontier posts to such an extent ns to impair their
efficiency for protection against the Indians: but the
bold, wholesale murdering in the interior of the State
seems at present to prevent a more urgent demand
for troops than Indian depredations.
The frontier posts should, however, be reenforecd
if possible, sis it is not impiobablc that the Indians
irom the northwest,after having suffered defeat theie,
will make heavy incursions into Texas.
To icstoro measurable peace and quiet to Texas
will require, for a long time, that troops bo stationed
sit many county seats, until by their presence and
aid, if necessary, the civil law can be placed in Iho
hands ot rehsible ofiicers, and executed. This will
be the work of years, and will be fully accomplished
only by an increase of population.
I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, J. J. REYNOLDS,
JRrcvct Mdjnr General
United State* Army, eommrtndifi'j.
Adjutant General U. S. A., Washington, D. C.
I quote again from the message:
"An armed organization, styling themselves the
Ku-klux Klan, uniformed and masked, by their
secret meetings and midnight atrocities upon peace-
able and unoffending citizens and obstructing the
laws, have inaugurated a reign of terror in many
neighborhoods. Ilimitations of tho secret societies
of Europe during tho Middle Ages, they aro without
their excuse of justification. In thoso days their
power and their vengeance were directed against
the turbulent nobles and barons who defied the
lawsand oppressed thepeoplo. Their obioct was the
attainment of justice, not the acquisition of political
power. Their victiinswero not tho law-abiding- and
the lowly, but the bold bad men who trampled on
right and outraged humanity. Their symbols were
the dagger and thocord, fit emblems of their teinblo
authority and their modcof exercising it. But even
in those days of rapine and mu'der the responsibil-
ity ot this dangerous power was deemed so question-
able and hazardous as to lead to its suppression."
From Louisiana comes a voice proclaiming
the reign of terror triumphant through her
boundaries. Governor Warmouth, in his let-
ter to Senator Kellogg says:
"I assert that the late election did not elicit the
honest will of the people, and that tho result was
attained by the most shameless resort to murder,
assassination, tumult, andintimidation, not to speak
of proscription, that was ever known in Lhiseountty,
and that to allow it to go ou as the expressed will of
the people would be an outrage upon republican
institutions and ruinous to good government tor
years to come."
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennes-
see all tell the same eventful history. Nor
with the election, Mr. Speaker, have these
scenes of disorder and violence ceased. Al-
though the great questions which to the over
sanguine in their review of the moral, politic-
al, constitutional, and financial phases of out-
national character seem to have been settled,
yet loyalty is not protected ; the patriot south-
ern man is not surrounded by that security
which the nation owes to her citizens every-
where. But the time is not far off when we
confidently look for that promise which I
believe, Mr. Speaker, none more eloquently
than yourself have assured to those who prove
faithiul to their country, ''that loyalty shall be
protected wherever found." All hail the com-
ing day !
As an evidence of the turbulence of disloyal
men, who continue their work of terror and
hindrance to the law, I will read still another
communication from the Governor of my State
to the General Assembly:
State of South Cakolin *,
Executive Department,
Columbia, S. U.  December 14,186$.
Sir : I have the honor lo transmit to the house of
representatives the inclosed communication trom the
deputy constable of Lancastei county, relation to
acts of lawlessness and violence in that vicinity, ana
the supmeness and indifference ot the executive offi-
cers ot tho county to the perpetration of outrages
whereby the lives and property of peaceful and law-
abiding citizens are placed at the mercy of the tur-
bulent and disaffected. I also inclose a letter from
Dr. A, F. G. Miit;ig,theaUditorofthec unty,onthe
same subject. Dr. Mittag is one of our most respect-
able and intelligent citizens, and his statements may
bo implicitly relied on. It is absolutely necessary
that a stop should bo put to the^o disgraceful out-
rages. and the turbulent and disaffected made to foci
the force of laws which they aro daily in the habit
of violating, and to this end all the constitutional
powers of the government should bo promptly brought
into requisition.
Very respectfully, ROBERT K. SCOTT.
Governor.
The Honorable Speaker
of the House of Representatives.
Before the next Congress will appear men
from ''the unsettled portions'5 of my State
asking admittance, "who when they were nom-
inated by the enemies of reconstruction ac-
knowledged they could never be elected if the
colored men of the districts to which they be-
longed had the courage and audacity to vote,
and that they would take good care that they did
not vote." The result of the election shows
how well they carried out their threatenings.
1 would, Mr. Speaker, ask for a committee of
investigation to visit my State and report upon
the outrages which have been committed, the
corruption practiced, in order that the next
House may be prepared to answer the demand
of such us may come here claiming a right to
a seat in the Forty-First Congress. I believe
1 should be justified in doing it, for the aacred-
ness of the franchise there and elsewhere has
been violated and the guardians of the public
weal should learn how far those who come the
accredited Representatives of loyal men are
entitled to acceptance or rejection. But., Mr.
Speaker, thefrequontadmonit'on^of mv friend,
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr,
Wasiiiiurxk,] have caused me to fear the suc-
cess of such request.
All I ask, Mr. Speaker, is that loyal men
may feel and know that they are to he fortified
on every side by the strong arm and defenses
of the nation j that they are to have not only
the solemn assurances of protection, but that
they may see, through the future legislation
which may transpire in these Halls, that trea-
son has been made odious, that traitors have
been declared criminals, and that the severest
penalties of the law will be visited upon those
who persecute men because of their fidelity to
their country, their unswerving integrity, and
love of the right.
Mr. KFKLL I will yield for two or three
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. TIFT. Mr. Speaker, I desire to any
now in reference to the statements made in the
speech we have just heard that so far as my
own State of Georgia is concerned they are
untrue, and that in a few days I shall be pre-
pared with testimony disproving the whole
charge.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is not my pur-
pose to detsiin the House Very long with any
remarks in this rase ; but 1 think that it is my
duty to make a few. From the very origin of
this case to this hour it has presented to the
House and to the country features which are ex-
traordinary. This ease commenced before the
constitutional life of this present Congress be-
gan. It has been pending before this Congress
during its constitutional life, now witiiin only
a few days of its expiration, and yet this case
remains undecided. I think gentlemen will
consult the records of Congress in vain to find
any parallel to this case in its treatment by this
House.
Nearly oneyear ago. sir, the honorable gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] made a re-
port in this case in favor of the contestant,
which expressed the unanimous judgment of
the Committee of Elections except one mem-
ber. That report was clearly and strongly, on
all points of law and fact, with the contestant.
Action upon that report, at the instance of gen-
tlemen who are colleagues of the sitting mem-
ber in this case, for certain alleged reasons was
indefinitely postponed. I fear the true reason
was that the colleagues of the gentleman from
the State of Missouri, expecting an adverse
decision, did not want if- to go to Missouri
until certain cherished party purposes had
IOTU COW. or> ■
v>
