1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
this question I have paired off with Mr. An-
riERSON and Mr. McCarthy. If they were
here they would vote "ay," while I would
vote " eo."
After the call was completed,
Mr. GI5IZ said : if I had been here when
Kiy name was called I would have voted " no."
The SPEAKER. Upon the question, "Will
the House, on reconsideration;, agree to the
passage of this bill, notwithstanding the ob-
jections of the President?" the ayes are 115,
the nays are 50. Two thirds having voted in
• the affirmative, the bill has again passed the
House, and the action of the House will be
communicated to the Senate.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Glerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendments of the
House to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 8)
.proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Stewart, Mr. Conkung,
and Mr. Edmunds, conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the Senate
had disagreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill (S. No. 440) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved .Tune 3, 1864,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Cameron,
conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (H. E. No.
438) relative to certain purchases by thelnterior
Department, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R, No. 1858) making appropria-
tions in part for the expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 407) for the
relief of Frederick Schley.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and a joint resolution of
the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 936) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of
\ho Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia," approved
February 5, 1867 ; •
An act (S. No. 968) authorizing certain banks
named therein to change their names;
An act (S. No. 458) to abolish the office of
superintendent of exports and drawbacks; and
Joint resolution ^S. No. 228) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to admit free of
duty certain submarine cable.
leave of absence.
Mr. HAUGHEY asked and obtained leave
of absence from the night sessions on account
of sickness.
Mr. CARY asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence for two days, being compelled to leave
the city.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business pend-
ing at the adjournment last evening, being the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ash-
MuYj to reconsider the vote by which on the
14th of January last the bill (H. R. No. 1041)
granting the right of way to the Walla-Walla
and Columbia River Railroad Company, and
for other purposes, was ordered to be en-
grossed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield for a few
moments to my colleague, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. BROOKS. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
must proceed with his business or relinquish
the floor;
Mr. SCHKNCK. Having been taken from
the floor yesterday by a parliamentary trick,
and desiring that the House may resume as
soon as possible the consideration of the bill
then pending, I must insist on the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, even committees authorized to re-
port at any time—and the Chair understands
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
desires the floor to present a report from such
a committee—can do so only when no other
business is before the House.
personal explanations.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to yield,
if there is no objection, to the gentleman«from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] who wishes to say a few
words on a matter personal to himself.
Mr. BROOKS. I have so much respect for
the gentleman from Iowa that I withdraw my
call for the regular order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa." I desire to occupy
the attention of the House for a few moments
with a personal vindication.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Iowa to make a per-
sonal explanation ?
There was no objection.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. Mr. Speaker,
do not rise to request an opportunity to entel
a personal explanation on the records of this
House, but to demand the right of personal
vindication. For nearly eight years I have
been in the public service in this House, and
I had hoped to retire without the smell of
smoke upon my garments. Through all of the
exciting scenes of the past eight years, and not
until now, have I had laid at my door a charge
of corruption. But it meets me now upon my
outgoing from the scenes and associations of
this Hall, and challenges my probity as a pub-
lic servant.
In the Cincinnati (Ohio) Gazette of the 19th
instant appeared the following head-lines and
communication, which I give in full, namely:
[Correspondence of the Cincinnati Gazette.]
Railroad Jobh—A Letter from Iowa—Serious Charges
against Members of Conpress— The People Demand
an Investigation—$410,000 Made by Each of Three
Gonoresamen.
Dubuque, Iowa, February 5.
I observe that of late there has been going on
through your paper a discussion in relation to tho
Cherokee lands m Kansas, and other topics, about
which Hon. James Harlan, Senator from this State,
feels himself constrained to make a personal expla-
nation. I desire tosay a few words of a matter about
which yourcorrcspondent. as well as the Senator, has
fallen into a very grave error. I refer to the North or
Sioux City branch of tho Pacific railroad. The writer
says, in substance, "that that branch was diverted
from its original course down on the oast side of the
Missouri river, instead of running down on the west
side to Columbus.
Mr. IIarlan assumes thatinterpretation to be cor-
rect, and then proceeds to justify the diversion,
because, as he says, "it'is only two miles further on
the east side." I am not a little astonished at this
assumption, knowing, as he does, the whole history
of that branch (as well as of the whole Pacific rail-
road) from the commencement. He knows full well
that the original purpose and intent of the people
of tho Northwest was that that branch should run
westwardly," asncar asmight be along the parallel
of forty-two and a half decrees of north latitude, so
as to form aconnecting link between the main trunk
ot the Pacific railroad at ornearwhereitwould cross
the mountains and the roads running through the
States of Wisconsin and Minnesota and the north-
ern part of Iowa; that every effort to briug that
branch to the favorable consideration of Congress up
to tho final passage of the Pacific railroad- law was
with direct reference to that result. This Columbus
scheme, or any other, to drag that branch down into
thePlatte valley, was never known or thought of
until after the final passage of the law, and would be
an equal violation of its original intent andpurpose
as the diversion that was actually made. The first
movoment to securo this branch was made by the Le-
gislatureofNebraskain its session of1857. Inamemo-
nal to Congress, praying for a grant of land for that
route, the Legislature says, in substance, "that it will
make the nearest, best, and most practicable connec-
tion for those roads withthemaintrunkofthe Pacific
railroad; startingontheMissouriatthepointwhere
they must necessarily converge, and running along
the parallel of latitude (forty-two and a half degrees)
upon or near which that road must cross the moun-
tains, thatit would be the nearest and best route by
the way of tho valleys of the Yellowstone and Upper
Missouri to tho mouth of the Columbia and Puget's
sound; thatit would pass through and develop tho
vast pine forests in the Niobrara v.alley and the east-
ern slopes of the Black Hills and the Wind river
mountains; that it would bold in check the Indian
tribesof the Northwest and develop the agricultural
and ,mineral resources of that immense region of
countryas no other road could possibly do. (Session
Laws 1857, pp. 293-4.) These reasons are as true and
cogent now as in 1857; indeed more so, as vast beds of
anthracite coal and other minerals have since, been
discovered in that direction. During the snminerof
1857 a preliminary survey of the route westwardly
from Sioux City was made and a report and map pub-
lished. The reportand map was placed in thehands of
each member of Congress at tbecommencementofth©
sessionfor 1857-58. Upon thestrength ofthatmemo-
rial and report the Committee on the Public Lands
in the House agreed upon a railroad land-grant bill
for Nebraska. This bill was in charge of the late Dr.
Davis, then araemberof Congress from Indiana, and
a member of that committee. That bill provided for
two branchesstartingfrora the Missouri river, oneup
the Platte,the othcrup the Niobrara valley, uniting
at or near Fort Laramie: thence by a main trunk to
the western boundary of the Territory. This bill was
notreachedduringtbe session; It was again reported
at the two following sessions, the last time united
with the Kansas bill, and ca.llcd the "Kansas and
Nebraska railroad land-grant bin."
Tho Pacifio railroad bill of the late General Curtis,
of Iowa, then member of Congress, was, with the
consent and approval of the friends of all the roads,
proposed in this bill, substituted for this Kansas andl
Nebraska bill. This bill provided that all the branches
in both Territories should unite at or near Fort Lar-
amie, thence run westwardly, by a single or main
trunk, to the Pacific ocean. In that form it passed
the House. Nothing more was done upon the subject
until the summer of 1862. when the first Pacific rail-
road bill became a law. July 1,1862. This law is sub-
stantially Mr. Curtis'bill, with this one modification,
to wit, that the main trunk shall starts at the on*
hundredth meridian, and all the lateral branches,
both in Nebraska and Kansas, shall converge to and
unite with the main trunk not further west than that
meridian. Those were the provisions of the law of
1862. It was immediately ascertained, however, that
that restriction was avery great damage to tho whole
enterprise. TheLegislaturesofseveral western States
memorialized and tho people petitioned for its re-
moval. Kansas and Missouri memorialized Congress
that the branches running through the former State
mignt beallowed to unite with the main trunk further
west than the one hundredth meridian. Tho Legis-
lature oflowa, at its session in 1864, adopted a memo-
rial to Congress on the samo subject, setting forth
among other reasons for the removal of that restric-
tion that compelling that branch (the Sioux Cityjto
run down into the Platte valley would render it
valueless for tho purposes of its original intent, that
is to say, to form that connecting link between those
northern roads and tho main trunk of tho Pacific
railroad. (Session Laws 1864, pages 179 and 180.)
The Legislatures of other western States passed
similar memorials; and the people all over the
country petitioned Congress to the &ame effect. In
accordance with the wishes of the people thus unan-
imously expressed, Congress provided, in section nine
of the amendment of the Pacific railroad law, ap-
proved July 2,1864, " That any company authorized
by this act to construct its road and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the initial point aforesaid
(the one hundredth meridian) may constructitsroad
and telegraph line so as to connect with the Union
Pacific railroad at any point westwardly of suoh
initial point." * * * * For the special
benefit of this North or Sioux City branch provision
is made, in addition to the subsidy in monev, thatit
shall receive ten sections per mile for the whole length
of the branch to its connection with the main trunk
of tho Union Pacific railroad.
Thus the life-long friends of that branch supposed
that they had at last secured its construction along
its original route westwardly, but they were doomed
to a most bitter and overwhelming disappointment
atid defeat, and that, too, at the hands of those whom
the people of the State had honored and trusted as
few men had ever been before. A company was
secretly organized at this place, immediately after
the adjournment of Congress in 1864, for tho express
purpose of diverting this branch down the Missouri
valley. This, too, at the very time when every pa-
triot in the land was either engaged in or his atten-
tion turned to the terrible and decisive campaign
of that year.
Three members of Congress from this State were
engaged ip that nefarious scheme, to wit: the mem-
bers from thefirst, third, andsixth districts. They se-
cured the construction of that branch from the Presi-
dent, and thereby secured to themselves $110,000 each.
Thus much has been proven upon them; how much
more each or any of them received I cannot say.
These three men thus secured to themselves a pretty
fair speculation by betraying and sacrificing the most
vital and important railroad interests of the entire
Northwest. This is a brief history of this affair, every
word and item of which can bo proven by scores of
the very best and most reliable men of the "West
should Congress conJescend to appoint a qomraitteo
to investigate the matter. But there is the trouble.
It is quite extensively believed in the West that such
transactions have generally been pretty thoroughly
whitewashed,,instead of" investigated." The hon-
orable member from the third district stoutly denies
these charges preferred against him; buthehastime
and again been challenged to place thismatter in such
condition as to allow of a legil investigation. This
he has never dared to do, but on the contrary has
dodged and blinked and evaded an investigation in
a manner that every honorable man conscious of his
