1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'291
40th Cong. .. .3d Sess.
Public Credit—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Reps.
backs) were lawful money and a legal tender
in payment of all debts except duties on im-
ports, interest on bonds and notes payable in
gold, and the principal and interest of the ten-
forty bonds. There are no other exceptions,
and nofihing but the arrogant effrontery of over-
grown wealth could have suggested that the
principal of these five-twenty bonds was pay-
able in coin and not payable in the lawful money
with which they were purchased. It cannot be
pretended that the intention was to pay in coin,
for in the act of February 25, 1862, and every
subsequent act providing for the public debt,
where payment was to be made in coin, that
fact is positively expressed ; otherwise, by the
terms of every successive act, the defct was
payable in lawful money.
The interest on these bonds was payable in
coin : it was a hard bargain the money-lenders
forced upon us. This concession was made to
them with reluctance ; but your gallant Army
was in the field, the Treasury was exhausted,
your soldiers had to be paid, supplies for the
Army and Navy had to be furnished, and the
Government was anxious to avoid an improper
inflation of the currency. The patriotic gen-
tlemen for whom so much is now claimed would
not advance a dollar without that provision.
The Treasury could not raise money on bonds
less favorable as to the interest, and even with
the interest payable in coin not a bond was sold
until you had so inflated the greenback currency
that the five-twenty bonds could be purchased
at forty-three cents on the dollar in coin, and
then these capitalists came forward and prompt-
ly took the bonds. They would at any rate re-
ceive six per cent, in gold semi-annually on
each §100 for which they had paid forty-three
dollars on the gold value, nearly fifteen per
cent, per annum in gold on their investment.
It did not require a very exalted degree of
patriotism to purchase the bonds on such terms,
and now these gentlemen have the effrontery to
claim that not only the interest but the princi-
pal shall be paid in coin. I say that not a
dollar of the five-twenty bonds was sold until
the issue of the greenbacks had greatly inflated
the currency. Gold had reached a premium
of one hundred and thirty seven per cent, on
the 8th day of January, 1863. On that day I
introduced the following resolution in this
House:
" Whereas it is represented that more than forty-
five million dollars are now due to the soldiers of
the Army of the IFnited States, and that large num-
bers of them have not received their pay for more
than six months past: and whereas on the 2oth day
of February, 1862, in addition to Treasury notes, the
Congress authorized the Secretary of the Treasury
to i«ue and sell the bonds ot the United States to the
amount of SoOO.000,000 to meet the liability of the
Government; Therefore,
"I'Motved. That the Secretary of the Treasury in-
form the House, at the earliest moment, why his
Lieparcment has not as authorized by law provided
the means necessary to pay the soldiers of the Army
and prevent the great public injustice of the unrea-
sonable delay, and that ha inform the House why
said bonds, if necessary, have not been sold to meet
demands so meritorious and so unreasonably and
unjustly delayed,"
This resolution was adopted: and it was not
until after this and when the currency was still
further inflated that the capitalists came for-
ward as purchasers of the bonds. I have heard
of gentlemen who were so lost to a proper
appreciation of what was due to the Army in
the field that they have complained that Con-
gress, in order to raise the money to pay the
soldier to supply his own wants and the wants
of his wife and children at home, yielded to
the demand of the capitalists for payment of
the interest on the bonds in gold. How fierce
must be the indignation, sir, of such gentle-
men when they learn that these capitalists are
now claiming that the principal of these bonds
shall be paid in gold, and that there are gen-
tlemen in Congress willing to yield to this arro-
gant demand, oppressing the people to gratify
this insatiable voracity of men of overgrown
fortunes. But these bondholders are here ;
they crowd every avenue of the Capitol, while
the people whose rights are being betrayed are
toiling in the field or the workshop. But I
trust in God the people will signally rebuke
this attempt to give away the fruits of their
labor without consideration or even plausible
excuse, simply because a few gentlemen of
great wealth and large political influence de-
mand it.
Why was not this question honestly presented
in the great contest of the past year ? How
many gentlemen are here from the great West
who frankly told the people whose support they
were seeking that they would vote to pay the
five-twenty bonds in gold? I did not hear of
a single instance. But a short time since I
proposed a tax of ten per cent, on the interest
of the bonds—a tax of but little more than one
half of one per cent, on the principal, about
one fourth the tax that other property pays—
and when I rem.tided the House that by a large
majority we had adopted that proposition last
July we were coolly informed by the leader
of the House that " that was before the elec-
tion." It well illustrated, sir, how little the
legislation of this Government, with this new
political morality, is under the control of the
people. "VVe shall see how far the people will
submit to this new and gigantic fraud upon
their rights.
Capitalists are demanding a speedy return
to specie payments. It is clearly to their inter-
est; it would greatly augment their wealth; it
would greatly oppress the people. But wealth,
which is naturally timid and always appre-
hensive of popular movements, feels a sense of
absolute security under the existing order of
things, having for the first time in our history
largely controlled a great political contest.
Every interest of wealth is sacredly protected,
every measure for its aggrandizement is pro-
moted. If there is any doubt how the bonds
should be paid the doubt must go to the benefit
of wealth and against the laboring masses.
Specie payment must be secured by a reduc-
tion of the currency. We have two currencies:
one of $300,000,0U0 in greenbacks, the money
of the people, lawful money, drawing no inter-
est and furnishing a safe and unobjectionable
currency. The benefit of this $350,000,000 go
to the whole people; the other, $300,000,000
of national bank notes, furnished by the Gov-
ernment free of charge to the banks, On which
the bauks pay the Government the trifling tax
of one per cent., nothing more. The whole ben-
efit of this $300,000,000 of currency goes to
the handful of wealthy gentlemen owning the
national banks. Now, sir, the question is, which
of these currencies shall be retired to reach
specie payments? But there is no hesitation.
The bankers are here in force, and every prop-
osition without one exception emanating fiotu
the party in power contemplates the withdrawal
of the greenbacks and giving to the national
banks, for it is nothing less, this vast sum of
$300,000,000 of money. There is not a mon-
arch on the face of the earth who would dare
to deal so unjustly with his people; but our
people have borne so patiently every successive
usurpation of Congress that its leaders have
ceased to consider what may be the public will.
If the greenback money is retired the object
sought by this bill isin fact accomplished. With
the specie basis reached by a large reduction of
currency the country is still to pay $300,000,000
a year to pay the interest on the public debt and
carry on the Government. I have always said,
And I again say that in my judgment gold
and silver are the best currency, the most rea-
sonable and permanent standard of value, but
while at this time it is clearly to the interest of
capitalists, especially of large holders of our
bonds, that specie payments should be resumed,
is such the interest of the people, waiving the
question of the injustice of paying the bonds
in a currency,twice as valuable as that we agreed
to pay? There is said by well-informed persons
to be §225,000,000 of coin money in the Uni-
ted States. Specie payments can be resumed
with §300,000,000 of paper currency, perhaps
$350,000,000, and yet the estimates of our
annual expenditure is $300,000,000. Does any
man believe that the labor of any country can
bear, year after year, taxes to the amount of
one half of the entire circulation? It cannot
be done, sir. When heavily burdened by direct
and indirect taxes the capacity of labor to bear
a given tax diminishes year after year, bringing
upon a people a hopeless poverty such as we
witness in England, Prance, and Austria, where
great debts and heavy taxes have long oppressed
labor. To scale the debt and interest to the
gold value of the paper money in which the
bonds are payable, or meet the debt in the
currency in which it was made and is lawfully
payable, is the only escape of this nation from
the social and political disorders of the Old
World, where the overgrown wealth of the few
and the squalid poverty of the many fill the
whole land with misery.
No, sir; this bill will not strengthen the
public credit. The public credit can only be
strengthened by a severe and honest economy
in the public expenditures, by confirming in
the public mind the belief that the millions
wrung from labor will be honestly applied to
public purposes and not squandered in the
base partisan schemes and monstrous frauds
which have for years exhausted the Treasury,
by satisfying the people that the public de-
mands upon their industry shall be no greater
than good faith and even-handed justice to the
public creditors imperatively require, and that
labor shall be protected against the unjust and
voracious demands of capital. With such a
policy firmly established there is no danger of
the nation being dishonored by repudiation;
but all classes of men would resolve that our
debt, enormous as it is, unjust as a portion of
it is known to be, shall be paid in absolute
good faith, dollar for dollar, in gold, where by
the contract we agreed to pay in gold ; in paper
money, lawful money, where, as in the case
of the five-twenties, we agreed to pay in such
currency. But how can this bill strengthen
the public credit? Strengthen the public credit
by increasing the public debt? What infatua-
tion has seized these men of capital? Do they
hope to enslave a living people, a nation of
laboring men who know the value of labor,
by a simple, unauthorized, and repealable act
of Congress declaring that they shall pay in
gold bonds to the amount of $1,602,583,350—
more gold than all the civilized nations could
furnish—when by their contract they were to
pay in paper money at the time of less than
half the value of gold? The very attempt to
consummate such an act of injustice, this grasp-
ing cupidity of the bondholders, this compla-
cent yielding of Congress to a presumptuous
demand, will not strengthen, but will shake
the public credit. An overwhelming majority
of the people of the United States are laboring
men, men whose daily labor supplies food and
raiment and shelter for their wives and chil-
dren, who understand the nature and origin
of their public debt and are alike jealous of
the nation's honor and of their own just rights.
Will they consent, sir, in mere subserviency to
wealth, to impoverish themselves and their pos-
terity for ages to swell the wealth and pamper
the profligate luxury that now riots m your
great cities? I do not believe it, sir- This
gratuitous and naked declaration, if it becomes
a law, will not bind them, sir, when aroused
to a sense of its injustice, any more than cob-
webs would bind the force of a hurricane.
It is said in favor of this bill that its passage
will actually and largely increase the value of
the bonds ; that the quotations of your bonds
at the great moneyed centers of Europe and
America, where the millionaires who fatten on
the labor of mankind congregate, will show a
large appreciation of their value. Certainly
they will. And why not? If you pass this
bill, and the people submit to it, it does actually
almost double the value of your bonds, and it
does actually and nearly double the public
