1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
portion of my remarks to which the gentleman
refers I meant 110 discourtesy to the commit-
tee ; and further, that if I am the youngest
member of this House and the youngest mem-
ber ol the committee, I claim the right equally
with the oldest member to give an honest
expression to my views.
Sir. KKliR. The gentleman's claim, after
his explanation, is certainly very proper, and
I would be the last gentleman here or anywhere
else to question the clear right of the gentle-
man to exercise liis privilege as a member both
of the committee and of the House ; but let us
see what it is that the hunorable gentleman from
Missouri has been struggling to accomplish
in this ease. He says it was only to express his
honest opinion, and of course it was, because
he is an honorable man; but he devoted a large
part of his 'speech to an attempt to show, out
of the mouth of one of the witnesses who is in
this record, named Snedicor, himself a Repub-
lican, that his testimony is not worthy of credit,
because he had sworn in one breath that all
of the persons who had been registered at his
poll had taken the oath required by the laws
of Missouri, and in the next breath that only
twenty-five of the persons who were so regis-
tered had taken that oath. My hon orable friend,
of course, only intended to express an honest
opinion and not to pervert the testimony of the
witnesses in this case. But let us see what the
witness really said:
" There was no person registered wlio did not take
the oath."
That is clear.
" Thero were about twenty-five, not exceeding
twoaty-tive, of the first who registered that 1 ex-
plained to them, the oath, and asked them if tlicy
took the oath, and upon being answered that they
did, I then had tliem to subscribe their names."
That is, twenty-live of the first who appeared
and dematided registration. Now, what fol-
lows ?
"All of the rest of them Iliad to hold up their
riirht hands while t read the oath to them, after
which they subseribed to it."
That is all his testimony on that point.
"Now, does it appear out of the lips of this
witness that any of these persons so registered
did not take the oath required by the laws of
Missouri ? Why, most manifestly it does not:
most manifestly it appears that every one of
them took that oath, every one of them sub-
scribed that oath, every one of them exactly
and literally complied with the laws of that
State. There was, therefore, no omission of
duty on the part of Snedicor; there was no
departure fiom law ; there was no false swear-
ing in his testimony; there was no inconsist-
ency ever, in anything he said. Yet my hon-
orable friend only intended by the lengthy
criticism ho made upon that testimony to
express an honest opinion as to its just weight
and value in this case 1
Mr. Speaker, this case has been very fully
stated in all its bearings to the House by the
two gentlemen of the eomraittee who have sub-
mitted reports on the subject. 1 must assume
that every gentleman on this floor lias done
the justice to this ease, and the justice to his
own conscience, to read both of these reports,
and if they have not satisfied his judgment, then
] trust that he lias turned to and read the re-
port of the evidence in the case upon which
the reports are based. If they have done that,
if they have given that sort of consideration to
the case, and have suffered their judgments to
be controlled alone by the evidence and by the
law, then I do submit in profound confidence
that between me and any other gentleman on
this floor there can bo very little difference of
opinion as to what the judgment of this House
ought to be. There is a great deal of matter
in this record, as in all such eases, that has no
legal value as evidence. This is sufficiently
exposed in the able report of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Polaxo,] and I will waste
110 time in its reexamination. I he conduct
of some of the officers in connection with this
case merits most earnest condemnation, and
is consistent only with most corrupt^ partisan
purposes on.theirpart. The disqualifying laws
of Missouri are in themselves a disgrace to the
people of that State and to the civilization of
our age. But it seems to have boon the wicked
determination of those officers to add intensi-
fied severity and cruelty in their execution.
The majority given for the contestant, upon
a fair count of the votes, is 1,122. There was
no evidence produced by the sitting member to
overcome the foots which have been placed
upon the record by the contestant. There has
been no attempt on the part of the sitting mem-
ber, as my colleague from Illinois [Mr. Cook]
has most truly said, by evidence, by testimony,
by legal means, by any of the agencies which
the law places at his command, to show this
House that that majority of 1,122 can be over-
come by anything in fact or in law which should
govern the report and judgment of the House.
VVe decided, in the case of Birch vs. Vast Horn*,
from Missouri, with entire unanimity, without
a dissenting voice, that where these outside
irregularities are alleged to have existed, but
are not placed upon the record in the form of
legal testimony or legal evidence, they cannot
be considered by the House as in the record at
all; that it is no part of the duty of the House
to travel outside of the record and take general
statements, newspaper articles, rumors, vague
suspicions, mere expressions of opinion on the
part of earnest partisans, as any evidence at all.
We decided that it is the duty of the parties to
the contest, whose interest is also presumed to
be so great as to lead them to do so, to present
to the House, to the court, to the jury, all the
facts upon which they desire that the ease shall
be decided. In that case Judge Birch, who
was my political friend, who was the Demo-
cratic candidate in that district, failed to per-
form his duty in that particular. And I, there-
fore, as one of the members of the Committee
of Elections, divesting myself of all prejudices,
of all partisan feelings and predilections, de-
termined and decided in my own juugmentthat
he was clearly not entitled to unseat Mr. Vax
Horn. Why? Not at all because, in my judg-
ment, ho had not in fact received a majority of
the legal votes cast in that district; but because
he had failed, by the record he had made here,
to place that fact properly upon the record, and
to bring it, in the mode prescribed by law. to
the observation first of the Committee ofElec-
tions, and afterwards of the House itself. We
decided, therefore, that he was not entitled to
the seat.
Here is acase which upon all grounds is abso-
lutely analogous to that one ; it is almost pre-
cisely the same kind of a ease. In the case under
consideration it is alleged that large numbers
of persons voled in Callaway county who were
not authorized to vote, either by reason of tiieir
disloyalty or from the lack of some other quali-
fication icquired by law. But, there is no such
proof. Why not? All such facts can be proven,
if true. There is no testimony in this record
that can satisfy any just and fair minded judge
that, enough of those who voted in the county
of Callaway for the contestant in this ease were
disqualified to affect in any material degree the
result in this case or to change the right of the
parties. Yet it was the sitting member's im-
1 perat.ive duty to make the proof; he did not
do it. He preferred to rely upon appeals to
passion and partisanship. He preferred to find
safety in the strength of his party in this House.
I have no hesitation in saying—and in this
I agree with my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Stover]—that to the State of Missouri alone
belongs the clear constitutional right to pre-
scribe and fix the qualifications tor suffrage
within its limits. But that in no degree affects
the rale of law which requires the party who
undertakes to maintain an alleged state of facts
to put upon the record in a legal form the testi-
mony or evidence which is necessary to sustain
his allegations.
It is alleged, and that, too, by my friend
ftom Missouri. who is not upon the Committee
of Elections, [Mr. Bux.iamix]—and it is a fact
also that is outside of the record in this case—
that in 1SG8 there was a registration made in
this same county of Callaway, and that under
that registration there was a very large reduc-
tion in the aggregate list of voters in the county,
as shown by the registration of 1800. Now,
sir, that is no doubt true, although it is not in
this record ; but for the purpose of this argu-
ment 1 will coneede that it is so. But that
concession in no way changes my conclusion
in the case, nor do I think it can in any way
change the conclusion of any gentleman ; be-
cause if it be all true, still it does not follow
that the contestant would not upon that regis-
tration have been elected. The very contrary
follows, whether you consider the registration
of 1803 in point of numbers or that of 1866,
taking the pioponion of either registration to
which the vote of 18tiG would entitle the con-
testant; in either event it fails to change the
legal result in this case. But, Mr. Speaker,
if a fact like this is to be dragged into this
ease, it then becomes the imperative duty
of the House to inquire, and to give the con-
testant an opportunity to show, by what agen-
cies such a result was produced in the regis-
tration of Callaway county in 1868. T have
no doubt, it is a fact, and susceptible of le-
gal proof, that that result is due in great
part to the interest of certain gentlemen in
this contest and the determination thus to
manufacture "make-weights" to affect its
decision ; and 1 have no doubt that, the regis-
tration is in itself a monument of fraud, injus-
tice. cruel disfranchisements, and outrage
against the citizens and legal electors of that
county. I am most credibly assured this is
the ease. It is therefore most irregular, as
well as cruelly unjust to the contestant, that
the registration in 3808 should be appealed to
at all. I submit, therefore, that after the long
delay which has attended the prosecution of
this case, it is alike due to the dignity and judi-
cial fairness of this House and to the parties
to this contest that the question shall now be
decided, and decided upon its clear and mani-
fest merits, wholly divorced from all feelings
of prejudice or passion.
It has been said by the honorable gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Peters] that he lias con-
cluded that the judgment of the House in this
case ought to be in favor of the silting mem-
ber for two reasons: first, that the contestant
did himself iu fact confess that, in the year 1804
there were not, two hundred qualified and loyal
voters in Callaway county. Now, 1 would like
to inquire of ihatgentleman—for, of course, he
also meant no perversion of the evidence, no
unfair statement, of the facts upon the record—
I would like to ask him from what testimony
he deduces any such fact as that? Sir, the
fact is not proven ; it is not in this record ; it
is denied by the contestant. He says he never
wrote any such letter ; that he never expressed
any such opinion. No such letter, no such
opinion can be found anywhere in the records
of the Provost Marshal General's office during
that year or any other year.
'The gentleman from Maine ought to have
known that in March, 1867, in relation to this
very ease, this House by a resolution called
upon the then Secretary of War to furnish to
this House a copy of that letter, or a copy of
any such letter that might be upon the records
of the Provost Marshal's Bureau or of the
War Depaitment written by the contestant.
No such letter has ever been found; no such
evidence has ever been furnished; no such
record has ever been shown. Its existence is
denied by the contestant. Its existence is as-
serted by only one human being, and that man
is a witness iu this record by the name of Daven-
port, who swears only that he thinks such a let-
ter was once written by the contestant. ^Yet
upon this kind of evidence the gentleman from
Maine makes the assertion which he lias made,
and bases upon it his judgment in this case.
I think, Mr. Speaker—1 say it with all proper
respect for the gentleman—his assertion is as
little sustained by anything either in this record
or out of this recoi'd as the other statement
which he has given as his second reason for his
judgment in this case, that the members of
the Democratic party in Maine were during the
