18m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
own inteirrity would scorn to do. He kaotfs fall
well that should there ho an investigation he would
b* most overwhelmingly convicted of every charge
preferred against him. He stands this day in his
place in Congress charged directly with having de-
liberately betrayed and sacrificed theinterests of the
people not only of his own district and State, but of
the entire Northwest for private gain. He made oat
of the transaction at least §110,000. That can be
proven upon him if Congress wili appoint a commit-
tee to iQves'igate the matter.
Senator Harlan, knowing the whole history of
this branch from the commencement, could, as Sec^
retary of the Interior, have arrested this fraud and
prevented tbeffrea-t wrong and injury to thebestio-
ten'8ts of the people of the Northwest. He probably
had good and valid reasons for not doing So. But I
am not dealing in conjectures, but only with facts
that are well known throughout the West. 2he of-
fense—indeed, the crime—in this transaction con-
sists in the fact that this road down the valley of the
Missouri is not, and cannot by any fair and legiti-
mate interpretation of the law, be construed to be
any portion of the Pacific railroad as contemplated
by the people of the West or of Congress as ex-
pressed by the lawa creating the road. Beside, it
poises directly over ground where other endowed
roads were to be constructed, and which the com-
panies owning them (the principal members of whom
arc parties to this fraud) had agreed to build by
accepting the subsidy. Thus has thisgreatnational
enterprise been perverted from its original route and
utterly destroyed for the only purpose intended by
Congress and the people, by acorrupt and venal con-
gressional railroad ring, for their own private gam
and advantage, It is reported that one of that ring
is n^w aspirin? to a seat in the Cabinet of the incom-
ing Administration. If he gets there he will carry
in his pockets into his exalted position $110,000 of
the iU-gotten gain of that nefarious transaction.
Mr. Speaker, this attack upon my integrity
is cruel, and has no fact on which to rest its
support. Nine days of this session remain,
and yet, in the face of this fact, I have the fol-
lowing editorial in the Cincinnati Gazette,
from what motive I know not, thrust into my
face:
' Railroad Frauds.—'We print this morning a
from Iowain relation to railroad frauds, which makes
disclosures quit bful o? t^ose made public through
the letters of o-.,r Washington correspondent. In
connection with tbh letter we hare received a copy
of a memorial to Congress, which has been widely
circulated and numerously signed in Iowa, in which
the main facts given by ourcorrespondentarerecited;
and it closes with a distinct charge of corruption
against three members of Congress, It seematous
thot these chnrges are so grave, so specific, and so
well supported that Congress cajmflt afford W refuse
whatthe petitioners ask—a fairacdsearchmg mvest-
iS'*Our correspondent, whose name will be forthcom-
ing whenever called for by proper persons, says, m a
private note: , , ,. ,
'"I say roostemphaticnlly that every chares winch
I have made can-be proved beyond the possibility of
contradiction—most of them by documentary evi-
dence. A petition, signed by intioy ofthemost prom-
inent and reliable citizens of this fetate. will soon be
presented to Congress, asking an investigation oi this
whole matter. ,
" 'This would have been done before, out wed id not
expect to be able to secure an honest inquiry into the
case. Since, however, the Gazette and other leading
journals 'nave taken up thematter, we are encouraged
to hope that the rascalities may be officially brought
t0"Congressmen, thefactsarebeforeyou. Toucannot
afford to refuse to orderan investigation. One ot the
members against whom the people of Iowa bring
charges stands high in Congress—so nigh that lie
has frequently been mentioned in connection wita
Grant's Cabinet. He cannot afford to rest under
these serious charges. , ,
" It is duo to the peoplo, and to the parties charged
with corruption, that Congress proceed speedily and
seriously to inquire whether these things are so.
How am I to meet this charge and editorial
indorsement? When nine days more shall
have passed my congressional career will have
ended. This brief time will not admit of such
an investigation as would seem proper in this
case as it is presented by this most false and
libelous writer, who dates his letter at Dubutjue,
Iowa, more than one thousand miles distant
from this capital. In view of these facts what
more is left to me than to denounce this entire
charge as false in every part, and as, to me at
this time, an inexplicable exhibition of per-
sonal malignity and hate? \\ hat has prompted
this thing I do not Know, and all the more
wonder at its coming in these closing days ot
my congressional career. Never beiore have
such shadows crossed my path, though these
date back four 3'ears or more, for the facts out
of which they claim to have been formed liein
that distant past. Most foul and infamous is
this cruel slander, the unheralded offspring of
a licentious press. I am glad that even nine
days are left to me in which to denounce the
monstrous wrong done to me by this fcml accu-
sation. From the beginning to the end, as it
may affect my integrity, I pronounee it infa-
mously false and atrociously cruel; and here,
in the presence of those with whom I have
endeavored to serve the nation in its hour of
peril and its day of triumph, I stamp this base
slander into the dust, and grind it to powder
with that true statement of this case which is
to follow in this, my personal vindication.
Mr. Speaker, no man knows my connection
with this case so perfectly as John I. Blair,
of the State of New Jersey. His presence in
this city at this time is my goo.d fortune,- and I
now present his affidavit covering the entire
ground of this infamous charge, and ask that
it may be read by the Clerk, and request the
attention of members to it.
The Clerk read as follows:
United State* of America,
District of Columbia, Washington County, es.
I, John I. Clair, of Blairstown, New Jersey, on my
oath do state that I am president of the Sioux City
and Pacific Railroad Company, and have been a di-
rector and the president of said company from the
date of its organization to the present time; that I
have read carefully the letter of a correspondent of
the Cincinnati Gazette published in the issue of said
newspaper Of the 19th instant, and purporting: to
have been written from Dubuque, Iowa, of date Feb-
ruary 5,1869, wherein it is charged that three mem-
bers of the House of Representatives from Iowa,
namely, the members from the first, third, and sixth
: districts of said State, procured certain legislation in
j Congress, participated in the organization of said
I company, and deviated the line of the road thereof
5 from that intended by the legislation of Congress.
• and that each of said members received the sum of
$110,000; and I on oath further say that I have sisoe
i the organization of said company been its financial
j manager and agent; thatl personally supervised the
' stock subscrintions to said company and procured
i' the subscribers to the same: that their names are
lAt*Ar h disclosed in a report on file in the office of the Sec-
i   e fhnf wai* .tjwpfi t?. vvit.rak
retary of the Interior; that Hon. James F. "VYilsos
h as ten shares, or $1,000 of said stoek t Hon. v\ illiam
B. .Allison has fifty shaies, or $5,000 of said stock,
and Hon. A. W. Httbbard has none, to my knowl-
edge, and that neither of said parties have directly
©r indirectly any more; that assessments have been
regularly called for on said stock, paid by the hold-
ers in cash, and actually carried into the construc-
tion of said road and used lor no other purpose
whatever; that the whole subscribed capital oi said
company amounts to $1,200,000, and that neither ot
said parties have now, or to my knowledge ever nave
had a greater interest than that hereinbefore stated,
and I do lurtherstate on my solemn oath that neither
of said parties named has ever had any pecuniary
interest in said company, past, present, or future,
mediate, immediate, or remote, direct or indirect,
certain or contingent, other than that above stated:
that neither of said persons have ever received
, from said company any money, property, promise,
past, present or future, or any other thing of value,
nor are they entitled to receive fronieaid com-
pany anv property, promise, or other thing ot value
. of any kind or character whatsoever, except that
i represented by their respective shares of stock, as
I hereinbefore stated; and I do further state on
I oath that I have disbursed every dollar of money
that has been paid out on account of the construction
! of said road, and that every portion of tbe iunos
1 assessed upon the stockholders has been expended
I in said construction; that no part of said tunas or
| any otherfuods of said company has been orwill be
I paid to either of said persons above earned, or to
i anv person tor them or either of them, beyond that
; represented by their several shares of;stock(ashei«-
inbefore stated; and I do further state that the hno
selected tor the construction of said railroad was
entirelv the result of the action and recommendation
of the engineers of said company, acting under in-
structions to ascertain tbe nearest and most practi-
cable route for said road, as required by law, and ot
which said parties above named had no knowledge
of or participation in; and that said lino was, upon
dueconsideration, accepted by the Government with-
out the interposition or influence of ^ V Vh*
or either of them; and I do further declare that the
charge that either of said parties has
in any manner to receive tr«m said company or from
any one acting for it $110,000, or any other sum than
that represented by their respective fa,b®cri-P^;?e3j°
the stock thereof, as hereinbefore stated, is utterly
false and void of any truthful foundaptm
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this the 23d day
of February, 1869, as witness my hand and
notarial seal. jAM]jg ^ >ieKBNNEY,
Notary Public.
Washington County, District of Columbia.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, with
this
statement of the case I leave it with my fellow-
members, and send it to the country, bat not
without that keen pang which ever accompa-
nies a challenge of personal integrity. A great
wrong has been done me. I give you the
truth, but it does not heal the wound which
has been inflicted on me. Still I feel that with
safety my good name may be left in the keeping
of my fellow-members of this House. -
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for a moment, for a per*
sonal explanation.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, I yield to- the gen-
tleman for that purpose, if the House does net
object.
There was no objection, and it was ©roered
accordingly.
Mr. ALLISOH. Mr. Speaker, it will he
observed from the reading of that correspond-
ence at the Clerk's desk that the charges made
apply to the Representatives for the third and
sixth congressional districts of Iowa, as well as
to my colleague from the first district. It is
my fortune to respresent the third congres-
sional district of that State; and, sir, I was
annoyed to find in the columns of a journal, of
so much character and respectability as tire Cin 
cinnati Gazette a charge of this kind against me.
As soon as it came to my knowledge I caused a
dispatch to be sent to the editor of that journal
requesting to be informed of the name of the
author of this malicious slander. I hold in my
hand the answer to the telegram, which dis-
closes the name of this calumniator to he
Lewis A. Thomas, of the city of Dubuq.ue?
Iowa. Itisafamiliarnametome. He appeared
in my district during the last canvass as a self-
constituted candidate and opponent of mine
for Congress, and of nearly thirty-five thou-
sand votes cast in all he only received one hun-
dred and forty-nine.
I will repeat now what I have repeated often
before, that so far as this charge affects me i6
is an infamous calumny, having its origin in
the brain of this knavish man, whose name is
Lewis A. Thomas. I have challenged him and
my other accusers who have been in league
with hira, for there are a few such malignant
enemies in my district; but, sir, up to this hour
they have not produced a scintilla of proof its
support of their personal charges against me.
Bat, Mr. Speaker, I deeply regret that a
paper so favorably known and of such goo®
reputation as the Cincinnati Gazette should be
imposed upon to tbe extent of publishing this
atrocious article. It is matter of consolation
to me, however, that no journal, Republican
or Democratic, within five hundred uiilss of
my own home has ever before allowed this
infamous slanderer to appear in its columns
with this calumny ; and never anywhere until
this article was published in the Cincinnati
Gazette. I have faith that-the editor of that
journal and tbe members of this House wiH
do justice to those who have seen me so unjustly
assailed and caluminated.
As my colleague has stated, tnerft are bust
nine da^s of the session left, and of course
any investigation would be impossible in that
time ; but, sir, I now give notice to this House
and this country that I shall, as soon as practi-
cable after the organization pf the next House Oi
Representatives, recur again to these proceed-
ings, so far a? they refer to me, and it any
respectable man will reiterate these charges i
shall ask the House to investigate the matter
; fully and fairly by an impartial committee.
In conclusion, let me say that every word of
this correspondence affecting my personal in-
tegrity is false, and the man who wrote it knew
it to be false. It was written for some mali-
cious and malignant purpose, which has been
frustrated bv this exposure made by my col-
leaeue [Mr. "Wilson] who has just taken hia
seat. And I only regret that I am compelled
to give the author the infamous notoriety
abroad that he has been so long possessed ot
where he is well kOown. I thank the House
for its courtesy.
RECUSANT WITNESS JOHN II. BELL.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of
the House, accompanied by John H. Bell, aud
said : Pursuant to an order of the House, I bo w
produce at the bar of the House John ii. lieH,
of Orange county, in the State of New Y°rk,
to answer for contempt in refusing to attend
ij before the select committee appointed to
