THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2i,
war to a large extent disloyal, and, if justice
had been done, would never have been allowed
to vote. And neither of these assertions is
worthy of any respect whatever.
.Mr. PETE.R3. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Re&r] yield to the gentleman
from Maine, FMr. Peters?]
Mr. KERB". For a question.
Air. PETERS. Or, 1 presume, for aa ex-
planation. I understand the gentleman to
appeal to me to state upon what l'aets I based
the asseriion that the contestant had himself
said that there were not two hundred loyal men
in the eounty of Callaway.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I do not yield
at present.
Mr. PETERS. I will famish the gentleman
the testimony, which is uncontradicted.
Mr. KERR. I do not yield for the purpose
of having that testimony read, unless the gen-
tleman will say that he has sotne testimony
upon which to base that statement besides the
testimony of the witness Davenport, to which
I have already referred.
Mr. PETERS. I will say that I have no
other testimony then that, but——-
Mr. KERR. Then I do not yield further.
Mr. PETERS. But allow me to say that
I find it uncontradicted by the contestant him-
self.
Mr. KERR. He has always denied it. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I will detain the House but a
moment longer, because I do think that at this
late day and hour there is no room for any
member longer to doubt what his duty is in
this case, and if he wants to perform that duty
there need be no further delay in its discharge.
Now, Mr. Speaker, i surrender the floor to
thegendeman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] who
has charge of this question.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, unless the sitting
member or the contestant desires to speak on
this case I will call the previous question.
Mr. ANDERSON. I would like to have
the floor long enough to allow the gentleman
from Nortli Carolina, [Mr. Heatox,] a member
of the Committee of Elections, to make a state-
ment with reference to the case.
Mr. COOK. Then I will not move the
previous question at this time.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair will then recog-
nize the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Heaxon.J
Mr. 1IEAT0N. Mr. Speaker, from the fact
that I happen to occupy a position on the Com-
mittee of Elections it seems to be proper that
I should makea brief explanation before casting
the vote which I intend to cast on the final
decision of this question after having heard the
arguments on both sides. I have had but little
Opportunity to hear the discussions which have
been bad before the Committee of Elections
on this important subject. I was present for
a short time during the pendency of this ques-
tion, and have examined the report, and have
come to a conclusion upon it. Sir, notwithstand-
ing this report has been drawn by the distin-
guished gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Po-
land,] and notwithstanding I concede to him
eminent legal ability, still 1 am of the opinion
that the legal points in this report are errone-
ous in a very material point of view. The
gentleman lays down m that report that the
secretary of State of Missouri, occupying the
position he did, was a simple ministerial and
executive officer, and could not determine the
important question whether he should cast out
fraudulent votes from the returns made to him :
that, m other words, he had no discretionary
power whatever. I maintain, sir, according to
the very language of the report of the distin-
guished gentleman from Vermont himself, in
applying to this officer the term ofcanvassing
ofheer,'' that the position which he has assumed
is untenahle. Why, sir, the very term "can
vass ' implies a particular discretion. The
secretary of State of Missouri was .the can-
vassing officer, and that term canvassing'*
means to examine, to search, to sift out. These
r«tumj having been made to him, it was his
solemn duty, under his oath and under the
constitutional laws of Missouri, to look into
this subject to see whether fraud had been com-
mitted, especially when the question had been
brought before him in the most solemn manner
that fraud had been committed.
Now, sir, that he was justified in casting out
the vote from Callaway county I have no doubt.
I believe it is the duty of this House, under
constitutional provision, to determine the eli-
gibility of members-elect, and in doing that, to
go behind the returns to discover who really is
entitled to the seat. One fact has been devel-
oped since the committee met of which I was
not cognizant at the time, but which has influ-
enced my mind in the vote which I propose to
give. The fact is this: in 18G6 it is shown that
there was a registration in Callaway county of
2,084 votes, and that only two years afterward,
that is, in 1868, there was another registration,
showing only 664 votes—making a difference
of 1,370 votes. That fact is satisfactory evi-
dence to me, together with other proof of fraud
which has been produced, that the secretary of
State of Missouri exercised his rightful author-
ity in casting out the vote of Callaway county;
and I ask this House, before voting on this
important subject, to remember that fact. .For
myself, I have come to the conclusion to cast
my vote in favor of the sitting member retaining
his seat.
Mr. Cook obtained the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
permit me to read the resolution adopted at
the last session of Congress.
Mr. UPSON. 1 object, unless the order of
the House made subsequent to that i3 also read.
Mr. COOK. Let th em both be road.
The Clerk read as follows:
!'X move that the case be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of LI ections, with instructions? to thecommittee
to examine into the charges made against the con-
testant by the gentleman lrorn Missouri who has just
concluded his remarks, and to report thereon to the
House, with leave to send for persons and papers;
and in order to test the sense of the House X call for
the previous question.
Mr. UPSON. I now ask the Clerk to read
the action of the House subsequent to that.
The Clerk read as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Dawks, from the Committee of
Elections,
Resolved, Th&t in the matter of charges of disloy-
alty made by Hon. J. F. Bknjamin against the con-
testant lor a seat m this Housetroni the ninth district
of Missouri, and of the contestant against the sitting
member, the testimony be taken in the manner pre-
scribed in theact regulating contested elections, the
notice in each case to be served respectively on the
respondent and the person making the chargo, and
the testimony to be filed with the Clerk of the House
within ninety days from the passage of this resolu-
tion. '
Mr. COOIv demanded the previous question.
The previous questiou was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COOK. I rise to close the debate, and
yield to the gentleman from Vermont thirty
minntes.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I happened
to be a member of the Committee of Elections
at the time this ease was heard before them,
and it so happens that I was the organ of the
committee iu making the report of the major-
ity ; and although I have ceased to be a mem-
ber of that committee, still as this report has
been to some extent assailed I think it proper
I should say a word in support of the conclu-
sions of the majority of the committee. I
know, Mr. Speaker, how very thankless a task
it is for a man to undertake to say a word upon
a question of this sort against the right of a
gentleman to a seat who belongs to the major-
ity of the House politically. 1 am aware that
to a very great extent the question with many
a man is simply this; "Which man belongs
to my party?" Now, the sitting member is a
gentleman in full political fellowship with the
party to which I belong. He is a gentleman
that {personally very highly esteem,and there
is no man on this floor who would vote for him
more cheerfully than I would if I believed he
was elected. There is a single reason why 1
cannot vote that lie shall retain hiaseijtiu this
House, that is, that 1 voriiy belieye, "upoii
a careful examination of all the evidence in-
troduced before the committee, that he never
was legally elected.
Now, to all that clr ss of gentlemen who only
wish to know which of the men belongs to their
party I have nothing to say. if they can sat-
isfy their consciences by merely ascertaining
which of the two men who claims the seat is
their political friend, very well. I have 110
argument to address to thatclassof gentlemen,
even if they belong to my party. As a mem-
ber of the Committee of Elections, and as a
member of this House, in any vote 1 shall give
upon an election ease 1 intend to give that vote
just as I would give my vote if 1 was trying a
ease between two parties in reference to a
mere private right. I know of no law, of no
principle of law or of politics or of morals, that
will justify any man in giving his vote upon
any different grounds, if any gentleman here
knows of any principle that will justify him in
voting otherwise let him vote so, and let him
answer to his own conscience, his constituents,
and his God.
The great question that was raised upon the
trial of this case before the committee, and the
one that is presented to this House, is one that
has been undertaken to be obscured and cov-
ered up. It is not a question of how many
legal voters there were in the county of Calla-
way, or how many were registered, or how
many men voted who were not entitled by the
law of Missouri to vote. That is not the ques-
tion at all; but it is, whether there was a law-
ful registration of voters in the county of Cal-
laway. The secretary of State of Missouri
took it upon himself to throw out the vote of
that county entirely, upon the ground that
there was no lawful registration ot the voters.
That is the question to be determined here.
It is not at all a question whether there were
illegal votes cast in that election or whether
there were not.
Now, what is the claim on behalf of the sit-
ting member? It is claimed that in that county
there was such a public and general opposi-
tion, such a feeling of hostility by the gieat
majority of the people against these provisions
of 5he law of Missouri in relation to the regis-
tration, that the registrars dare not curry out
the law, and that the loyal inhabitants of the
county dared not go before the registrars aud
make objections to persons who asked to be
registered ; that they were deterred by fear of
personal violence. Upon that ground the sec-
retary of State took it upou him to throw asiUe
the vote of the county of Caliaway, declaring
that there had been no legal registration there.
Now, 1 say, in the first place, that the secre-
tary of State of Missouri had no more light to
undertake to determine that question tban i
had. By the laws of the State of Missouri the
secretary of State is a mere cauvassmg, a mere
returning officer. The supervisors of regist ra-
tion in the various counties are to eeitiiy to
the registration as made by the registrais of
the different precincts to the secretary oi state,
and it is made the duty of the secretary' of
State to count up the votes and give the certifi-
cate of election to the man who has the majority.
The secretary of State is clothed by the laws
of the State with no more authority to go behind
the registration and undertake to hear evidence
and determine whether there has been a law-
ful representation or not than any other official
in the State. And I venture to say, although
my successor on the committee [Mr. Heatox]
says it is not law—and I congratulate the Com-
mittee of Elections on having obtained superior
legal wisdom by the change—that all the authori-
ties in all the books entirely preclude any officer
ot this sort from undertaking to determine any
question of that kind. The authorities are
multitudinous on the subject. There is no such
law as the gentleman from North Carolina laid
down. The statute of Missouri clothes the
secretary of State with no such power. Tie is
merely to add up the votes that are returned to
him by the supervisors of registration in the
various couuties, aud determine by mathematics
which candidate has the majority.
