292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 23,
Ho. op Reps.
PvMic Credit—Mr. Higby.
40th Cong....3d Sess.
debt; it will increase and perpetuate for
the tax on the labor of your people, and it will
more than double the chances that the laboring
man will never be able to drag himself and his
wife and children from the merciless grasp of
poverty. Is it possible, sir, that monarchies
shall be found more considerate of the rights
of the people in a contest between labor and
capital than a republic? When England found
her people oppressed by a great debt—yet a
less debt than ours considering the wealth of
the two nations and the rates of interest—she
reduced the burden one half by reducing tho
interest one half, while a republican Congress
actually, under like circumstances, increases the
debt by proposing to pay in a currency of twice
the value of that in which the debt was made
and is justly payable.
It is said that it would unsettle all values and
ruin the country to issue greenbacks enough to
j)ay the five-twenties. No person has ever, so
far as I know, proposed to do so. If the cur-
rency was kept up to the average of what it
was when the debtwas contracted—from eight
hundred and fifty to nine hundred million dol-
lars—with just economy in the public expend-
itures this debt would never oppress the labor
of the country. It could be substantially liqui-
dated in less than twenty years. The revenues
of the year 1865 prove this.
But, sir, if gentlemen are determined to
reach specie payments, and are resolved that
the greenback currency, the only paper money
which any people ever got the benefit of, shall
be withdrawn, will you tell me why it would
not be just, alike to the bondholders and the
people, to scale the public bonds and pay them
principal and interest in gold, on the basis of
the gold value of the bonds at the time you
sold the in ? The gold value of the bonds was
the same as the gold value of the United States
notes with which they were purchased. Could
the bondholders complain of this ? He would
get back his money, every dollar of his money,
dollar for dollar in value, after having received
from year to year nearly fifteen per cent, in
gold on the value of his investment. He would
have less ground to complain than the English
bondholder, whose interest was by an act of
Parliament reduced from six and seven per
cent, to three per cent., and yet the English
debt was made on very nearly the gold basis.
Or could the bondholder complain if the right
to tax these bonds (a right clearly reserved)
for national purposes was justly employed to
equalize not only taxation, but to equalize the
amount that is being paid in interest in gold
with the^ gold value received by the Govern-
ment?^ The just rights of the holders of these
securities are readiiy ascertained. The value
on the gold basis received by the Government
is not a matter in dispute.
If this debt is to be paid, as is proposed by
this bill, a debt of near twenty-six hundred
million dollars, principal and interest in gold,
the most hopeful patriot must despair ot the
future of his country. This enormous body
ot wealth, controlled by a few men ever vigi-
lant to control the affairs of Government, ever
seeking to subordinate labor to their own ag-
grandizement, and ever seeking to make the
Government stronger and the popular power
weaker as a guarantee of their wealth, would
in time and almost imperceptibly enfeeble, if
not destroy, the power of the people in national
affairs.
In this contest between capital and labor I
trust in God the people will be true to them-
selves and to_ their posterity, true to the repub-
lican institutions of their country, alike just to
themselves and just to their creditors, resolved
to pay the debt in good faith, dollar for dollar
in value, but. not one dollar more ; that neither
the malevolent spirit of party nor the plausible
eloquence of the advocates of capital will be
aole to seduce them into a fatal acquiescence
m the policy which is every day more clearly
disclosed of placing the whole power of this
Government, with all its vast agencies and
appliances, on the side of centralized wealth
and against the just rights of labor. Wealth as
well as power is steadily "stealing from the
many to the few." The public debt and the
policy of the Government since it was created
have already wrought fearful changes in the
social condition of the American people. His-
tory furnishes no instance where wealth has so
rapidly centralized and no instance in modern
times where public policy was made to con-
tribute so directly to the personal aggrandize-
ment of a class of citizens to the injury of the
great body of the people. Every leading meas-
ure seems designed to make the rich richer and
the poor poorer. If the people are true to
themselves they will demand the reversal of
this policy. They will resume the control of
their own Government and not leave it to the
unbridled will of a few ambitious leaders. "The
condition on which God has granted liberty to
man is eternal vigilance ; which condition if he
break, servitude is at once the consequence of
his crime and the punishment of his guilt."
t Public Credit.
REMARKS OF HON. W. HIGBY,
of california,
Is the House of Representatives,
February 23, 1869.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1744) to strengthen the public credit and
relating to contracts for the payment of coin—
Mr. HIGBY said:
Sir. Speaker : I was highly interested in lis-
tening yesterday to the speech made by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schejtck] upon the bill now under
discussion. There was much truth in what he
said. His words were solid and full of mean-
ing. I believe the country will thank him for
his words of counsel and encouragement. The
clouds that have so long enveloped this ques-
tion are breaking away and the clear skv is
visible.
This question has been debated heretofore
as though we had no intercourse with other
nations, as though paper would serve just as
well as gold and silver for our currency.
Were we to cease all financial intercourse
with foreign nations the policy so often advo-
cated in this Hall, to pay our debts in depre-
ciated currency, would be a dangerous one to
adopt. A debt so vast as our national debt
makes it incumbent upon us to keep good and
sound the credit of the Government; the citi-
zen should have implicit faith in the integrity
and fidelity of the Government. To keep that
faith unimpaired it is our duty to aid it to fulfill
in spirit and to the letter its pledges. No mat-
ter how much wealth the Government may
possess the confidence of the people, inspired
by its integrity, is worth fur more, and renders
it stronger and more prosperous without it
than hoarded wealth with plighted faith can
make it. A debt canceled with a less sum
than was pledged to its payment is repudiation
to the extent of the difference between the sum
promised and the sum paid. That is, such an
act in a Government would be repudiation, but
in an individual or business firm it would be
bankruptcy. Could a business man or firm,
possessing sufficient means to pay, who by
fraud and chicanery should so cancel his or
their debts, continue to have the confidence
ot the community thus injured? Why should
a Government that violated its pledges con-
tinue to have the confidence of the people
after such violation ? The rule will hold good
with nations as with individuals.
Mr. Speaker, I do not attribute the present
embarrassed condition of our finances to the
bad faith of the Government. The present
indebtedness the nation could not avoid unless
it had yielded up the last best earthly boon to
man—free government; neither could it in the
emergency avoid a paper currency based upon
credit. Asyet it has kept good faith when and
where able to do so. It has promptly paid the
interest upon our great debt whenever it was
due, and all its obligations it will perform un-
less uuwise legislation causes it to falter. It
is true our Treasury notes, circulating as cur-
rency, are at a discount, and will so continue
to be until the Government can redeem the
promise they carry upon their face, or until
we return to specie payment. They are now
accrued indebtedness, but will continue at a
fair figure and make a very tolerable currency
until redemption day arrives if cur legislation
shall be directed to strengthen credit and the
fulfillment of pledges rapidly as possible. But
as the bill now under consideration pledges
the faith of the United States " to the payment
in coin or its equivalent of all the obligations of
the United States not bearing interest, known
as United States notes, and of all the interest-
bearing obligations of the United States except
in eases where the law authorizing the issue of
any such obligations has expressly provided
that the same may be paid in lawful money or
other currency than gold and silver," I pro-
pose to examine the subject somewhat in de-
tail in the few moments I shall occupy, and
show, if possible, the salutary effects the pas-
sage of this bill will have upon our credit, and
how the Government will be enabled to lessen
the burden now weighing so heavily upon it.
"The United States promise to pay." So the
words run upon our Treasury notes, and which
notes are now the currency of the country.
These notes are a part of our national debt,
and are so classified in the monthly statements
made by the Secretary of the Treasury. We
must not forget that while these notes are serv-
ing a very good purpose as a currency the
United States at some period of time must
redeem these notes in coin. They bear upon
their face the promise to pay the same as the
bonds, and both must ultimately be canceled,
is one class of indebtedness to be paid in a
different currency or valuation from another?
Is one note taken up by the issuance of auother
specifying like amount a payment of the first?
Does not the second note bear upon its face
a promise to pay? So in attempting to pay
bonds with notes, is not the payment still au
indebtedness against the Government? The
intent and purpose to pay or take up our
Treasury notes with gold and silver coin is too
clear, it seems to me, to admit of doubt, and
I believe no one pretends to hold but that they
are ultimately to be so paid. Gold and silver
coin are the standard of value with all civilized
nations. Our nation had no other at the time
our Treasury notes were put in circulaiion
and our bonds put on the market; the dollar
named in each, unless qualified, is the dodar
in coin. «
Again, Mr. Speaker, we have in.the most
solemn manner, as a Government, since our
paper currency and our bonds were issued,
given our pledge that our national indebted-
ness shall be paid in the utmost good faith.
When the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States was under con-
sideration in Congress this question was duly
considered, and in clear and unmistakable lan-
guage became a prominent feature in that
amendment. The language is as follows:
"Tho validity of the public debt of the United
States, authorized by law, including debts incurred
for p.iyinent ot pensions and bounties for services ill
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questione . '
A two-thirds vote of this House and of the
Senate, and the ratification of the Legislatures
of three fourths of the States in the Union,
have firmly imbedded this pledge in ibe Con-
stitution.^ I3 it possible that we can longer
hesitate in arriving at a proper conclusion?
