1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
Mr. GBAVELY. I would ask the gentle-
man if the registration law of Missouri does
not require that a list of the names of all the
men who are entitled to vote in the State of
Missouri shall be certified by the supervisors
of legislation and filed in the office of the sec-
retary of State? And I would ask, in addition
to that, if the election laws of Missouri do not
require that the clerks shall send up to the sec-
retary of State the vote of each county, and
that he shall take this registered list of voters
aud compare the names with the certificate of
return and award the certificate of election to
the man who receives a majority of the votes?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly; and what does
all that prove, Mr. Speaker? Why, it proves
nothing, either one way or the other, different
from what 1 said. It is made the duty of these
officers to return the names of all the men who
are registered as qualified voters or who are
registered as not qualified, and those returns
are to go up under the certificate of the super-
visor of registration to the secretary of State,
and he, if tie knows enough of arithmetic, is
to add the votes together and determine which
candidate has a majority. There is nothing in
the statute of Missouri different from the stat-
utes of other States in relation to the duties
of secretary of State in this respect.
I ask you and I ask every gentleman on this
floor if you have ever heard before that the
secretary of State in any State is to determine
the validity of the election? Id my own State
the secretary of State is the man who is to can-
vass the votes and give the certificate of elec-
tion ; but it would be a very novel doctrine in
Vermont, and I think it would be in North Car-
olina or in any other State of this Union, that
the secretary of State can go behind the cer-
tificate of returns and determine who were legal
voters and who were not, and whether there
was a legal registration in particular counties
or whether there was not. He is to determine
upon the face of the certificates. Gentlemen
talk about the certificate that Mr. Thomas, the
superintendent of registration, appended to this
return and some certificates that he procured
to be appended by one or two of the registrars,
as they term them, of the precincts, going aside
from the proper certificate that the law author-
ized and undertaking to state some facts, and
gentlemen say that they are to be regarded as
conclusive.
Now, suppose that the superintendent of
registration had inserted in his certificate that
ray honorable friend who has just now ques-
tioned me had been guilty of horse stealing,
would that be legal evidence of it,? Just as
much so as these facts that ho undertakes to
certify outside of anything that the law makes
it his duty to certify. I say, then, in the first,
place, that the secretary of State had no right
whatever to act upon any of this species of evi-
dence ; and more than that, these certificates
of the superintendent of registration and of the
deputy registers of the precincts, when they
went aside to do anything else except to certify
to the correctness of their lists, were, as lawyers
say, coram noil judice. It was all entirely out-
side of any duty which the law devolves upon
them, and whatever they may say about it is
no more evidence than anything said by any
mere outsider or interloper. So with all the
evidence of that kind ; it is to go for nothing
in this case
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Is not there
evidence before the committee to prove that in
asboi t time after this election the population of
Callaway county increased very much, while
two years afterward the registration decreased
more than one half?
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman knows jast
about as much about that, as I do. I never
heard anything of the kind until to-day.
Mr. DiCKEY. Does not the evidence be-
fore the committee show that to be the fact?
Mr. POLAND. I have not now the honor
to be a member of the Committee of Elections.
I do not know what may be the proof before
the committee on that point. The registration
of 1868 took place since this case was tried
before the committee and since this report was
made by them. I am informed by a member of
the committee, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] that no such evidence ever has
been produced before the committee. Whether
it has or not I do not know, because lam not a
member of the committee. But, be the fact as
it may, I regard it as entirely outside of the
issue involved in this case.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
also inquire of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Poland] if witnesses have not testified
that at the time of this election there were not
two hundred persons in Callaway county who
were loyal men and entitled to vote?
Mr. POLAND. There was no legal evi-
dence upon that point.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Was there
any testimony given to thai effect,?
Mr. POLAND. There was evidence of this
sort: several gentlemen said that they were
acquainted in that county, and that in their
opinion the number of loyal voters would not ex-
ceed, some said, two hundred : others said two
hundred and fifty ; they varied between those
two numbers. But this House has decided
that that was not legal evidence at all upon
which a committee was authorized to act.
Prior to this ease we had before the Commit-
tee of Elections another case from Missouri,
Birch vs. Vax llonx. In that case it, also
happened that, the contestant was a Democrat.
That election took place under the same State
law that applies to t bis case. It also happened,
in that case, that I was the organ of the com-
mittee to make their report to this House.
The evidence in the case disclosed the fact
that iti thai, district, there were three thousand
men who were refused registration whose
names were put uptnti the " unqualified" list,
if that is the term. They offered their votes
forjudge Birch, and their votes were rejected.
Mr. Birch, the contestant, produced abundant
witnesses who testified that they were gener-
ally acquainted with the men who iveie thus
refused ipgistral ion. and thai in their judgment
a great majority of them, nearly all of them,
weie loyal men, legally entitled to be regis-
tered, and ought to have been allowed to vote.
Now, if we had regarded that kind of evidence
we must have found that, a \'(;ry much larger
number of votes had been wrongfully excluded
than would have been necessary to elect Mr.
Birch. I'm, the committee decided that that
was not legal evidence: that we must, know
whether Mr. A, Mr. B, Mr. C, &c., was or was
not a legal voter ; that we could not, allow a
man to make a geueial estimate of the voters
of a county; to say how many loj al men and how
many disloyal men were in the county, but that
it was a species of evidence that could not be
regarded by the committer. And every hon-
orable man in tins House, Republican or Dem-
ocrat,—the vote was unanimous—voted that the
committee was right. That was good enough
law at that time to be applied to a Democrat.
But now gentlemen turn upon the Committee
of Elections and ask us to eat our own words,
and to adopt an entirely different rule when it
is to be applied to a ILepublican. The Com-
mittee of Elections are not prepared to do any
such thing. If my political friends upon this
floor are prcparw! to lay down one rule to
decide the case of a Democrat and another rule
to decide the ease of a Republican, very well;
they are not responsible to me; they must
answer to their own consciences.
Now, that is the only species of evidence
that wo have before us in relation to the num-
ber of loyal men or disloyal men there were in
the county of Callaway. But that is not a
question at all affecting the registration in that
county. It is said that there was such a spirit
of enmity and hostility to the registration law
that it could not be enforced ; that there was
a pall, a cloud spread over that entire county;
that the registration law could not be car-
ried out because of the fear in the hearts of I
all loyal men that their persons and their lives J
would not be safe if they should come forward I
and undertake to enforce the law. Now, Mr. I
Speaker, what is the evidence upon this point?
The decision of the secretary of State has
nothing to do with the question one way or
the other. He has no more right to decide
such a question than I have. But, sir, although
the secretary of State had no right whatever
to decide such a question, the Committee of
Elections had the right to decide it, and this
House has the right to deci'de it, upon the evi-
dence. Now, Mr. Speaker, I say to gentle-
men on this lloor that the evidence shows over-
whelmingly that this pretense of fear and
intimidation has nothing to justify it. The
evidence, when carefully considered, estab-
lishes beyond question that there was no such
ground of fear and no such fear, in fact.
Now, iti the first place, let us see in whose
bands this registration was. It will not be
claimrd. I take it, that the gentleman then
serving as Governor of Missouri was not aloyal
man. It will not.be claimed that Mr. Thomas,
whom he appointed superintendent of this
registration, was not a loyal man ; and no one
has said that anyone of the persons whom Mr.
Thomas appointed as deputy registrars in the
various precincts of the county of Callaway
was not, a loyal man. The evidence shows that
the great majority of them were the political
I'neruls of the sitting member; and there is
not a particle of evidence but that every one
of them was his political friend, as in the na-
ture of things each of them would be very
likely to be. They being appointed by Mr.
Thomas, I do not think there is very much
ground to presume, in the absence of evi-
dence, that any one of them was not the polit-
ical Iriend ot Mr. Thomas and the political
friend of the sitting member. All those deputy
registrars except one or two say that everything
connected with the registration was perfectly
ouieily and peaceablo and quiet; that there
were no threats of any violence, and that there
was no violence, in fact; that they themselves
feared nothing in the performance of their
duty, and knew of no ground for fear on the
pari, of' anybody.
Mr. Vt ILSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman—I may be mistaken in
inv recollection of the evidence—whether one
of those registrars does not himself testify that
a man who had lost an arm in the rebel ser-
vice presented himself for registration and was
regiftered, although the registrar knew at, the
tune that the man had been m the rebel service?
Mr. POLAND. There is the testimony of
a witness who says that, he had lost a leg or
an arm m the rebel service and was registered
in one of the precincts; and this man says
I he registrar knew he had been in (he rebel
service, or rather he says he supposes the. regis-
trar knew it. The registrar does not say any
such thing. Without referring to this man,
(lamer. I believe that is his name, the registrar
swears, in general terms, that, he registered no
man whom he knew to be disloyal or to have
been guilty of disloyal acts. So that at the
very most there is on the one side upon this
point the evidence of this one-armed or one-
legged rebel soldier, and upon the other side
the evidence of the registrar directly the other
way.
I have hardly time, Mr. Speaker, to go into
an examination of the testimony with reference
to this allegation of intimidation and violence;
but I desire to ca.il the attention of members to
the testimony of Mr. James E. Turley, who
was one of these deputy registrars. He is the
great witness upon whom this case hangs in
relation to the fear which is alleged to have
pervaded the hearts of all loyal men in that
county and prevented them from doing their
"duty. His testimony is so laughable, so ridicu-
lous, and shows so clearly that this allegation
of fear and intimidation is a mere pretense,
that I will take the liberty to read a part of his
evidence. He was the registrar for Bourbon
township, and he was one of the men who made
the certificate upon which the secretary of State
acted in throwing out the vote of Calloway
county :
" Question. In signing the certificate to your regjiS-
