1809.
THE OONGIMSIOML. ^LCffiE
im
tiiat would be.'the best course for us. to pursue
if objection is made by gentlemen on theother
side to printing and reco-mmitting-this bill,
Mr, ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Wisconsin will permit this bill to be
printed and recommitted. -1 bad no expecta-
tion when I yielded that more than three or
four minutes of time would be consumed in
this-matter.
Mr. EijDEIDGE. I would be very glad to
oblige the gentleman, but I am opposed to this
bill in every form and shape. I am not op-
posed to the gentleman, but to the-passage of
this bill.
The question was, "Shall the bill be re-
jccted ?''
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. On that ques-
tion I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BOSS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering^ the
yeas and nays ; and there were, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 23, noes 94; not one fifth in the'
affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FOX called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were—ayes 26.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a quo-
rum) tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, and Mr. Fox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 30.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will it be- in
order now to move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of putting this bill on its passage?
The SPEAKER. It will not, because the
House has ordered the main question to be put,
which is, "Shall this bill be rejected," upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 34. nays 120, not, voting
l>8; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Arehor, Axtell, Barnes, Barnutn,
Beck, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanter, Eldridse, Fox.
Gctz. Golladay, Grover. Haight, Hawkins, liolman,
Humphrey. Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall. McCormick. MeCullough, Mansren, Stb-
lack. Nicholson, Pheips, Pruyn. Robinson,itoss.liit,
and Youug—34, ,, T. ,,
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley. Bcaman, Beattsj Benjamin, Benton, Black-
burn, Blair, Boutwell, Boyden, Broomall, Buckley,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Coriey, Cornell, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese,
Dickey, Dockery. Drisgs, Eckley, Edwards, Eggle-
ston,Thomas D. Eliot, James I. Elliott Farnsworth,
Ferri.-s, Ferry, Fields, French, Garfield, Goss, Gove,
Gravely, Griswold, Hamilton, Harding, HauMiey,
Heaton. lligby, Hill, Hopkins, Chester 1). Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham Kitchen,
Koontz. Laftin, George V. Lawrence, Wi liamLaw-
mice, Loan, Logan, Lougbridge, Lynch, Marvin,
ilavnard, McKee, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Mom 1,
Mullins.Myers, jSewcomb.Newsbam.&nrriP.O Aeiil,
Paine. Perham, Peters, Pettis, Pierce, Plants, Pom-
eroy, Price Prince, Raum, Robertson, Roots% Saw-
yer,-Sehenck, Seofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Spald-
ing, Stevens, Stover, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, \ an Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. YauHorn, Ward, CadwiUader
C. Washburn, Henry D.Washburn.W llliam BAY ash-
burn.Welter. Whittemore. William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Windom—120.
NOT YOUNG—Messrs. Adams. Anderson, Delos
It. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Bmeham.
Blaine Boies. Bowen, Boyer, Bromwell, Buukland,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake.Callis,
Sidney Clarke, Covode, Delano, D.xon, Dodge, Don-
nelly. El a, Oloasbrcanor.Halsey, Hopper, Hotchkisj,
LahelW. Hubbard. Richard D. HubUd, Hulburd.
Kelsev Lash, Lincoln, Mallory, McCarthy, Moor-
head. Morrissey.Nunn.Grth. Pike,Pile.iMand.Pols-
lov, Randall, Selye.Sitsreaves. Smith, btaikwe-Uker,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone, feypber Taber. I^iwience b.
X. H USOli,
and Woodward—6S
So the bill Was not rejected.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the vote just taken; and also move
that, tht! motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. , .
Mr B HOOKS. I call for the yeas, and nays.
Mr. LA\VliENCE,of Ohio. 1 withdraw the
motion. I ask that the remaining bills wiieh
I have reported bo read a first and second time.
The SPEAKEE. If the House-passes from
.the consideration of this bill it will go to -the
Speaker's table, where it probably wilLndf be
Mi* LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I propose then
to'malse a motion to saspend.the rules. •-
Mr, ASHLEY, of Ohio. I did not yield to
my colleague with any expectation that his
business was to take up the whole morning.
, The SPEAKER. That may be* but this
bill is how in the possession of the House. It
can be considered and acted on or the House
may pass from its consideration, in which case
it will go the Speaker's table.
- Mi-. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
bill be printed* and recommitted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I believe I
have the floor.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be read the second time, recom-
mitted, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOX, I object.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended and that the House pro-
ceed to vote on the passage of the pending
bill without dilatory motions.
On agreeing to the mption, there were—
ayes 78, noes 38.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. "We might as well have
the yeas and nays at once. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and {here were—
yeas 108, nays 44, not voting 70 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Arnell. James M. Ashley,
Beaiaan, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,. Blackburn,
Blair. Boutwell. Boyden, Broeraall, Bxickland, Buck-
ley, Roderick R. Butier, Callis. Churchill, Reader
IV. Clarke, SklneyClarke. Clift,Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Coriey, Cornell. Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Deweese,
Diekey,Dodge,Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eggleston,
ThumasD. Eliot. James T. Elliott. Farnsworth. Fer-
ries. Ferry, Fields, Goss, Gove, Qravely, Hamilton,
Haughsy, Heaton, Higby, Chester D. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, Hunter, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham. Kitchen, Kooutz. Laflm,
William Lawrence. Logan, Loughridge, Mallory,
Marvin, Maynjrd, Miller, Moore, Mooihead, Alor-
rell. Mullms, Myers, Neweomb, Siewsham. Mor-
ris. Sunn. O'Xeill, Paine, Perham, Pettis, Pierce,
Price. Raum, Robertson, Roots, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Stevens. Stokes, Stover. lay-
lor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trownridge, Twichell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Robert T. \an Horn, Ward,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
ham B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, W*Uiam
Williams, and Windom—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Baker, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Burr, Cary, Cbanler. Edward?, ^id-
ridse Fox, G-ctz, Haight, Hawkins,Uolinan, Richard
X), Hubbard, Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, ihomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormick, SacCul-
lough, McKee,Mercur, Mungen,  iMack.Nicholson,
PhelDS, - Plants, Poland,. Pruyn. Robinson, Boss,
Smith. Spaldmg, Stone, Taber, Tilt, \ an Xramp;
aIKOT? yStINQ—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Ander-
son, DelosK. Ashley. Bailey. Baldwin, BanKs, Bing-
ham, Blaine,Boles,Bowen,Boyer Bromwell.Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Calte, Covode, Dixon, Dockery,
ELa, French, GarSeld, Glossbrenner Golladay, 6ns-
wold, Grover. Kdlsey, Harding, Hal, Hooper. Hop-
kins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Kel-
sey.La^h, George V .Lawrence, Lincoln,Loan.Lynch,
McCarthy. Morrissey, Ortb Peters, Pike. Pi e,^Po a-
Icy, Pomeroy, Prince, Randall, Schenek, J?e3ye. bit
greaves, Stttrkweathor, Stewart, Sypher, Trifle, Law-
Fence S  Trimbie, Van Auken, Burt \ an Horn, V an
Wycli, Vidal Elihu B. Wa?hburne, Thomas Vul-
liams, James F. Wilson, John T- Wilson. Stephenlf.
Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and oodward—,0.
So (two thirds voting it) favor thereof) the
rales were suspended ; and the motion ot Mr.
Lawrence, of Ohio, was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the Chair
whether there is not some way in which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Latokxce] can
bring before the House, prior to the passage^ of
this bill, the report of the committee, which
has not been printed or in any way brought to
the knowledge of members ? .
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Vfhen this bill
was introduced I ashed that it should be read
a first and seooad time, recommitted, and or-
dered to he printed. Gentlemen on the other
side objected, and wc are driven to this coarse.
The SPEAKEB. Debate i  not m order.
It has been ordered, under a suspension oi the
roles, that the Bouse shall immediately pro-
ceed to vote on thi^bill.
i Mr. F.QX, - Wousid * motion-to adjesrtJ-be
now in order?  "
Thfe 8H3A-KBU.1 It'Would tfot.be,' 'While
the motion to suspend the rales was pending
one.motion .to adjourn eoald have begn enter-
tained; bat the fioupe has now ordered that
,the vote .shall immediately be taken on this bill.
Mr. IIOBI^SON. I rise to ,a privileged
question. I rno.ve to reconaider thevpte just
ia^ea; and on that naotioal have ft few words
to say. . t
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
vote in the affirmative; and it' he did the motion
to reconsider would not be-in order.
The question reeujred on. the-passage of
the bill.
The House "divided; and thefre were—'ayes
71, noes 49.
Mr. POX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays, were ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous consent
that my friend from Vermont' [Mr. Poland]
shall he- heard irt opposition to tins bill.
Mr. RAUM. I object.
The question was ta&en ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 54, hot voting
79; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aines, Arnell, Beaman, Bon.-
ton. Blacltbuvn, Blair, Boutwell. Bowen, Bromwell,
I Brooks, Buckley, Roderick B. Butler, Churchill,
Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Co-
1 bum, Cook, Coriey, Cornell, Dawes, Dickey, Dodge,
i Eckley, Edwards, Eggleston, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot,
James T. Elliott, Ferriss, Kerry, Field?, French,Goss,
1 Gove,Hamilton, Harding,Haughey,Heaton, Higby,
; Hopkins, Chester B, Hntbard. Hulburd. Hunted,
i AlexanderH. Jones, Jalian.Kelley.KellogrK.Eiteh.-
en, Koontz., Laflin, William Lawrence, Mallory,
Marvin, Maynard, Jliller, Moorhead, Morrell, Slul-
li«s, Myers, Newsham, Norrfe, Nunn, O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Pettis. Pile, Prince, Raum, Sawyer, Sco-
field. Shanks, Shellabarger, Stevens,„Stokes, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, BurtVan Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn. Henry D. Washburn. William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, JobnT. Wilson, and Windom—89.
NA YS—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Broomali,
Burr, Callis, Cary, Chanler, Cullom, Eldridge, Farna-
wortb, Fox. Gotz. Golladay, Gravely, Grover, Haight,
Hawkins,Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas E.
Jones, Judd; Kerr, Knott, Lynch, Marshall, McCor-
mick, McCullough, McKee. Mercur, Mungen, Mb-
laek, Nicholson, Phelps, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Robertson, Kobinson, lloss.Smith, bpaldmg,
Stover/Taber. Tift, Van Trump, and Young—54.
HOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Ander-
son, Delos B,. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Ba.r-
nom, Bingham, Elaine,Boles, Boyden, Boyer, Buek-
land, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Covode, l>elano,
Deweese, Dixon, Doekery. Donnelly. Driggs.. Gar-
field. Glossbrenner, Griswold, Halsey, Hill, Hoxman,
Hooper, Hotcbkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard Kichard D.
Hubbard, Ingersoll, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lash,Ueorgo
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loa.n, Logan, ijou^hridge,
McCarthy, Moore, Jlorrissey, N ewcomb.Orth. Petere,
Pierce, Pike, Polsley, Price, Randall, Boots, Sohenck,
Selye, Sitereaves, Starkweather, Stewart, Stone,
, Sypher. Taffe, Taylor, ThomM, Lawrence S. Trim-
. ble, Twicheil, Upson, VanAuken, Van Wyck. V daJ,
Blihu B>. Washburne, Welker, Whrttemora, W'lliam
Williams, James F.Wilson, Stephen i.\i llson.Wood,
\f oodbridge, and Woodward—79.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. LAWPJSNCE, of Ohio. I move to
reconsider the vole just taken; and also move
! that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
1 table. . , ' ■ .
I Mr. 'BROOKS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope my col-
league will withdraw the motion.
Mr. LAW-RENCE, of Ohio. I withdraw it
Mr. BROOKS. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote
in the affirmative?
Mr. BROOKS. I did. . • <•
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not yield for
! ^The SPEAKER. It will he entered on the
1 Journal , ,
' Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, presented
! a minority report on alleged election frauds in
i the State of New York; which was laid .on the
I table, and ordered to be printed. _
1 Mr. DAWES submitted the following res-
' olution ; which was read, and under the law
j referred to the Committee on Printing:
i Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the
1 report of the committee on alUged frauds, commit^
I ted at the late presidential election in the State
I of Sew York and ten thousand extra copies of the
