518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
tr&ti'on for Bourbon township, did you believe that
the law was faithfully carried out?
t% Answer, I did then, sir; and if I had to do it again
would do just as I did to en ; hut T heard, after I signed
felie certificate, things which if I had known when I
registered I would not have signed the certificate.
Question. Was there not a system of intimidation
in'the county at the time ?
"Anmoer. There was against me, sir. I was intimi-
dated by fear of being interrupted.
Let me read a little farther from the testi-
mony of this man Turley:
" Question. What did the people say that scared
you?
" Answer. When you (the contestant) spoke in the
court-house you asked if the supervisor was present,
and when told that he was not you then asked if any
registrars were present, and he told them that we
were in a.very delicate situation, and to be careful.
"Question. What other persons said anything to
scare you?
" Answer. James K. Sheely made another very
frightful remark to me.
,v Question. When and where did Sheelymake tho
remai-k, and what was it ?
"Answer. It was after I was appointed, in front
of his office in Fulton. lie said if this registration
law was carried out according to radical rule there
would bo five hundred lawsuits in Callaway county.
" Question. Didn't you carry out the registration
according to the Radical rule?
"Answer. I don't think I did; as I had to skin
between two parties, as it was rather a zigzageoursc,
hable to a suit from eitherparty.
" Question. Were there any suits brought against
you?
" Answer. Not that I know of.
" Question. What other persons scared you by
remarks?
"Answer. Jeff. Jones made remarks in a speech
here that scared me.
" Question. What did Jones say?
"Answer. Jones advised tho people, soldiers and
all, to open polls of their own and hold an election
in spite of the registration.
4* Question. Was not Jones's adviee not to resist
the registration law ?
"Answer. 1 did not so understand it; but he ad-
vised them not to register at ail, but to hoid polls of
their own at the clocUon.
" Question. What of.her persons made frightful
remarks to ?cnre you ?
" Anticer. Well, sir, I'll take Mr. Ilockaday as the
nextman, as he struck more terror to my heart than
anybody ouso. Mr. Ilockaday got up the day Air.
Jones spoke and road a document, one clausc of
which was that ' wo will put down the Radical party
so that they will never destroy any other nation as
they havo done this.'
"[Question. Was not that document a resolution
ratifying the action of the Philadelphia convention ?
" Answer. I do not know.
" Question. What other persons frightened you ?
' Answer. It wasM. Y. Duncan, ot Auchian county.
Question. What did he say ?
"Answer. He said pretty much what you said;
only he went further, and said that if any man came
forward and took tho oath of loyalty, and the regis-
trar refused to register him, ho was liable to pros-
ecution.
Question, Aro these nil that scared you ?
* Answer. These aro all the important ones ; there
was some neighborhood chat of minor importance."
This is the language of Mr. Turley, one of
f.Iic gentlemen who was frightened out of his
wits and could not make a proper registration.
The other man whose testimony Mr. Thomas
acted on and who testified that there was such
a state of affairs was John Young. He says
expressly that all the threats he ever heard
about it were that men said if they took the
oath and were not registered they would bring
suits. I never heard that the threat to sue a
man was unlawful. I never heard that it was
unlawful for a man to say that he would appeal
to the legal tribunals of the country for redress.
Every one of these registrars swears that the
certificate of Thomas is unequivocally false
from top to bottom, and the evidence of these
registrars, under oath, in addition to their offi-
cial certificate, is supported by the testimony
of a very considerable number of other wit-
nesses.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's thirty
minutes have expired.
Air. COOK. I will yield the gentleman ten
minutes more.
Mr. POLAND, I would have been glad to
have occupied a few minutes' more time, but I
see the House is impatient and I will yield the
floor.
Mr. COOK.^ I want to read a clause of the
law of Missouri relating to the right of the sec-
retary of State, and I shall then call for a vote:
"Tho supervisors of registi\ation for tho several
counties and for each senatorial district in the State
and the county of St. Louis shall bo required to make
and forward to the secretary of State a certified copy
of registration therefor, which sliarll contain the
names of all registered .voters; which certified copy
shall be evidence of the facts therein stated and may
be used as such in anycontcsted-oleetion case or other
local proceeding."
He is authorized to certify to the facts and
nothing else.
The question first recurred on the following
resolution :
liesolved, That.George W. Anderson is not enti-
tled to a seat in this House as a Representative in
the Fortieth Congress from the ninth congressional
district of Missouri.
Mr. COOK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 89, not voting
78 j as follows:
ZEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Bailey, Baker. Barnes, Bar-
num, Beainan, Beck, Bingham. Blair, Boyer, Burr,
(Jary,Cha ler, Cook, Dockery, Eldridge, Ferry, Getz,
Golladay, Grover, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,
Laflin, George Y. Lawrence, Marshall, AlcCormick,
Miller, Aloorhead. Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Poland, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Smith,
Stewart, Tnber, Tift, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Au-
ken, Van Trump, Elihu B. Washburne, James F.
Wilson, Woodbridge, Woodward, and Young—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine,
BoIps, Bowen, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckley, Rod-
erick It. Butler, Callis, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Clift,Cobb, Coburn, Corley, Cornell, Covode,
Delano, Doweese, Dickey, Driggs, Eggleston, James
T. Elliott, Ferriss, Fields, French, Gove, Gravely,
Griswold, Uamilton, Harding, Haughey, ifeaton,
Iiigby,Hopkins, lluntei. Alexander H.Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz.Lash, Wil-
liam Lawrence. Mallorv. Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Keo, Mercur, Moore, Mulhns, Myers, Newcomb,
Ncvvshara, Norns, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pierce,
Pile, Prince, llaum. Robertson, Roots, Sawyer,
Shanks, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stover, Sy-
pher, TafFe, Tavlor, John Trimble, Xwichcll, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Henry D. Washburn, Wclker, Whittemore,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Windom—89. *
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Archer, Arnell, Delos II. Ashley, James M.Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Blackourn, Boutwell,
Boyden, Brooks, Buckiand, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cake, Churchill, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge. Don-
nelly, Eekley, Edwards, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot,
Farnsworth, Fox, Garfield. Glossbrenner, Goss,
Haight, Halsey, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Richard
D.IIubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Kellogg, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin, McCul-
lough, Morrell, Morrissey, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth,
Pettis, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price,
Schenck, Seofi«ld, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Stone, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Vidal, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, John T. Wilson, and Wood—78.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SOOFiELD said : I am paired with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
if he was here he would vote "no ; " I would
vote V ay.''
Mr. KERU. I desire to say for the gentle-
man from New York [Air. Wood] that he is
paired with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ashley.] The former gentleman would have
voted ''ay," and the latter "no." Iam also
requested to say for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Glossbrexser] that he is absent
on account of death iu his family, and if here
he would vote " ay."
Air. O'NEILL. I am paired with the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. McCfji.lougu.] I
would vote "no," and he would vote "ay."
The result havingbeen announced as above,
Mr. BENTAM1N moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was disagreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Thy question recurred on agreeing to the
second resolution, as follows:
Unsolved, That William F. Switzler is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Xiepresentative from the
eighth congressional district of Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The House having dis-
agreed to the first resolution. 'I move that this
resolution be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
expenses oi' national loan.
Mr. WASHBCRNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, presented a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in regard to the expend-
itures under the appropriation for expenses of
the national loan; which, with tho accom-
panying papers, was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
ordnance department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of'War, transmitting a statement of
the contracts and purchases of the ordnance
department for the year 1868 ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Ordnance, and
ordered to be printed.
quartermaster's department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
fromtheSecretaryof War, transmitting astate-
ment of contracts made by the quartermaster's
department during the last six months of the
year 1868; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
patent office report.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Commissioner of Patents,
transmitting his annual report of the condition
of the Patent Office; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
mineral resources.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the report of Rossiter
W. Raymond on the mineral resources of the
States and Territories west of the Rocky mount-
ains : which was referred to the Committee
on Mines and Mining, and ordered to be
printed.
general banking law.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1763) to amend the
general banking law; which was read a lirst
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. PRICE entered a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred.
indian department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House concurrent resolutions of
the Legislative Assembly of Kansas, asking the
transfer of the management of the Indians from
the Interior to the War Department: which
was laid on the table.
legislature of new mexico. '
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the house of representatives of
the Territory of New Mexico, asking for an
appropriation by the Congress of the United
States for two translators ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
confinement OV prison convicts.
Mr. PRUYN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. il. No. 17oI) to designate a
place of confinement for persons convicted of
offenses against the laws of the United States
and sentenced to imprisonment in certain
States ; which was rea{i a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MULLTNS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was ao-reed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BENJAMIN,
(at five o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Air. ELTOT, of Massachusetts : The me-
morial of Josiah Quincy and others, harbor
commissioners of the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, praying for appropriations to pre-
serve and protect the harbors of Boston and
Provincetown, in Massachusetts.
By Mr. JULIAN : A petition of 42 citizens
of New York, praying that in any proposed
