1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
testimony taken by said committee be printed for
the use of the Houae.
£NUOLlEB BILL ASP JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and-found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
■Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 1858) making appropria-
tion (in part) for the expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions; andi
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 407) for the re-
lief of Frederick Schley.
walla-walla railroad.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question, and call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which on the 14th of Jan-
uary last the bill (H. It. No. 1041) granting
4be right of way to the Walla-Walla and Col-
umbia River Railroad Company, and for other
purposes, was ordered to be engrossed. I with-
draw the motion to reconsider.
The bill, being now engrossed, was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
'and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
suffrage.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table the mes-
sage of the Senate requesting a committee of
■conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the proposed amendment to the
•Constitution.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to suspend the
■roles for the purpose of taking it up and rec-ip-
Toeating the request of the Senate.
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the yeas and
-nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 37, not voting
■68; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arooll, Dolos R.
Ashley. James M. Ashley. Baker, Beaman, Beatty.
•Benjamin. Denton. Blair, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyden,
BromwelJ. liioomitll. Buckland, Buckley, Roderick
Bnller, C.illis, Cobb, Cook. Corley, Cornell, Cal-
-lom, IMwes, Delano, Dickey, Doekery, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driers. Eukley, Edward?, Thomas 1). Eliot,
-James X. Elliott, Famsworth. i'erriss, Forry, Fields,
j'rench.Goss.Sove, Gravely,GriswoM, Halsey,Ham-
ilton, Uaaghoy, Ueaton, Iiuby, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, ilulburd, Hunter, lugersoll, Jenekes,
Alexander H.Jones, Judd, Julian. Kellogg. Kitchen,
JCoontz. Laflio. Georgo V. Lawrence, William Law-
renoc, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch. Marvin, MeJKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore. Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Ivcwcymb, Nnrris. O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pettis.
Plants, Polnnd. Price, Prince, Raum, Roots, Sawyer,
Seofii'ld, Shanks. Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding,
h (evens, Stokes, Stover, Tatfe, Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Trowbridge, Twicliell. Upson, Van Aer-
aiam, Burt Van Horn, Rob"rt T. Van liorn. Ward,
Cadwnladqr C. Washburn. Henry D.Washburn,Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wcliicr, Whittemore. Thomas
Williams, William Williams, Jauies F. Wilson, and
W indnni—U7
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnes, Barnum,
Beek, Brook?, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox,
Oetz. Golladay, Grover, Haight, Hawkins, Uoltnan,
Hotchkiss, Richard I>. Hubbard, Humphrey, John-
son, Thomas h. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mallory, Mar-
shall, McCormick, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Pru-rn, Robinson, Ross, Stone, Tuber, Van Trump,
aud Young—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson,Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Bingham, Blackburn, Blaine. Bolt-s,
Buyer, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, CIift. Coburn. Covode,
Dcweese, Dixuit, Eirgleston, Ela, Ga>field, Gloss-
feretmer. Harding, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Kelley, Kelscy, Ketch am. Lash, Lincoln, Loan. May-
nard. McCarthy, McCnllough,' Morrissey, Myers.
Aowsham, Nunn, Orth, Peters, Phelps, Pierce, Pike,
1 ii",Polsley,Pomeroy, Randall, Robertson.Schenek,
fcelye. Sttgreaves, Starkweather, Stewart, S.vpher,
/r1'!'.'A?.1',enH$ & Trimble, Van Auken, Van Wyek,
B.WaehbKrne. John T.Wilson, Stephen
Jr. Wilson, \v ood, Woodbyidge, and Woodward—63.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the roles were suspended, and the House re-
ciprocated the request of the Senate for a com-
mittee of conference.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the partof the House, Messrs. Boctwell, Bing-
eu.M, and Logan.
GOVERNMENT OF MARYLAND.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask unanimous consent
to report some evidence taken by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary concerning the form of
government in the State of Maryland, for the
purpose of having it printed and recommitted.
1 have the unanimous consent of the commit-
roittee for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. THOMAS. I move, then, to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the gentle-
man from Maryland to say he has the unani-
mous request of the committee. I will say that
I did not request it; I consented to it only.
Mr. THOMAS. Unanimous consent is what
I said.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; and the order to print and recommit the
evidence was made.
naval appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. It.
No. 1599) making appropriations for .the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1870, re-
ported yesterday from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union."
Mr. SPALDING. I move the previous
question on concurring in the amendments
agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SPALDING. I move a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Spaldixg, Phelps, and Pike
as the conferees on the part of the House.
leave of absence.
Leave of absencefor to-nightand to-morrow
evening was granted to Mr. Hamilton on ac-
count of sickness; also to Mr. Golladay for
six days on account of having to leave the city.
removal of disabilities,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent 60 take up from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1746) to remove certain disabilities from
the persons therein named, for the purpose of
referring the same to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules for that purpose.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended.; and the amendments of the Senate
were referred to the Committee on. Reconstruc-
tion.
committee op conference appointed.
The SPEAKER, under the order of the House
made yesterday, appointed Mr. Schenck, Mr.
Buooks, and Mr. Mtebs managers of the con-
ference on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1812) to allow deputy collectors and assistant
assessors -of internal reve-nue- acting as col-
lectors or assessors the pay of collectors and
assessors.
territorial pri-son for idaho.
Mi'. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Territories, reportedabill
(H. R. No. 2003) to authorize the county com-
missioners to select a site for a territorial
prison ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the county commissioners
of the county of Ada, in the Territory of
Idaho, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, to select a site upon which to erect
a territorial prison for the said Territory.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public credit gold contracts.
Mr. SCHENCK. "What is the next business
in order?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
bill reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, if the gentleman from Ohio claims the
floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do claim it.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman yield
for three minutes to allow a message from the
President in regard to Warren and Costelloto
be taken up V
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman want
to make some remarks upon it ?
Mr. ROBINSON. For about three minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I cannot yield
for anything that requires time.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 1744, to strengthen the pub-
lic credit, and relating to contracts for the pay-
ment of coin, upon which Mr. SCHENCK was
entitled to the floor for seventeen minute3 re-
maining of his hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Griswold.]
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
do little else than to express the hope that the
bill presented by the gentleman from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, may become a law. The interest and
appreciation that the country has given in
regard to this question of our national finances
have, as that gentleman has well said, been
evinced by the numberless papers that have
been presented to Congress during the lust two
years from almost every source and in almost
every shape and form. And, Mr. Speaker, for
myself I can say that very many of the plans
submitted to this House bear evidence of
merit, and I have no doubt that a greater or
less number of them would prove effectual as
a means of carrying us through to a successful
settlement of our financial difficulties. But,
sir, I do not believe that at this time, at all
events, any congressional legislation is neces-
sary for the purpose of bringing into existence
machinery with reference to the resumption
of specie payments or the payment of our na-
tional debt. Whatever it may be necessary in
the future for Congress to do in the way of
legislation prescribing the means in detail, the
course that shall be taken, at this time I be-
lieve no such legislation is called for, and that
this bill involves all that is required to settle
preliminarily the problem of our national
finances.
The two great necessities for a nation as for
an individual owing largely and desiring to
defer the payment of its indebtedness are first
to evince an ability to pay, and second, to
carry conviction of the intention to pay. Our
capacity for the payment of the national debt
needs no further illustration. The world con-
cedes it. The evidences of our ability are of
themselves sufficient to carry conviction every-
where that this country is fully able to meet
and discharge to the very letter and to the last
dollar every obligation which it has taken upon
it. And, sir, that being the case, it only re-
mains for us to give the capitalists of the world
equal assurance that the intention to pay exists
and is just as well grounded with the Legisla-
ture of this country and with the people as that
we have the ability.
With these two things settled the great step
in the solution of the problem will have been
taken.' These two points established, there
will be no trouble in bringing the national
securities of this Government up to a point as
high as that of the most favored nations. There
will be no possible reason why the bonds of
the United States should not be taken in the
money markets of the world at the lowest rate
of interest. There can be no reason why the
bonds of the State of Massachusetts, bearing
only five per cent, interest, should sell to-day
in the markets of Europe for about twenty per
