1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
change or amendment of the Constitution of
the United States to extend or regulate tufl'rage
there shall be no distinction made between men
and women.
Also, a petition of 30 citizens of New York,
praying the same.
Also, a petition of 163 citizens of Nebraska,
praying the same.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of S. S.
Thorp, of the city of New York, owner in
eighty vessels, praying protection by Congress
from illegal exactions by State and municipal
corporations.
Also, a petition of owners and masters of
vessels of Townsend Inlet, New Jersey, pray-
ing the intervention of Congress to protect all
engaged in navigation from illegal exactions by
State and municipal corporations.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Jacob
C. Youngman, late second lieutenant in com-
pany G, one hundred and forty-third regiment
Indiana volunteers, praying for compensation
for expenses in recruiting.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of Hermon
Bartlett, and others, of Bangor, Maine, asking
a change in the naturalization laws.
By Mr. PRUYN: A remonstrance of the
Albany Aniline and Chemical Works, and its
officers, against any reduction of duties on
aniline dyes.
Also, the petition of James F. Patterson of
Staunton, Virginia, to be relieved from political
disabilities.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The remonstrance of
George W. Mead, president of the New York,
iiousatonie and Northern Railroad Company,
against any further increase of duty on im-
ported iron and steel.
By Mr. STEWART: A petition of criers
and tipstaves of the United States circuit and
district courts of southern and eastern districts
of New York, for increase of pay.
By Mr. THOMAS: A petition of a num-
ber of citizens of the fifth congressional dis-
trict of Maryland, praying for the repeal of
sections seventy-eight and ninety-four of-an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco," approved July 20, 18G3.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of
Charles Ten Eyck, praying Congress to pass
an act for repayment of commutation money.
Also, the petition of John Garnet, on the
same subject,.
Also, the petition of R. L. Patterson of Cul-
pepper, Virginia, for paymentof property taken
and used by the United States Army.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 22, 1809.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As no one seems to be
listening to the Journal, and we have very
little lime for morning business, I move to dis-
pense with the further reading.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury,communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of December 21, 1868,
the report of the Superintendent of United
States Weights and Measures in relation to fur-
nishing one set of the standard weights and
measures of the metric system for the use of
the Slates respectively ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. Thomas E. Bayard,
elected by the Legislature of the State of Dela-
ware a Senator from that State for the term
of six years, commencing March 4, 18G'J ;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the credentials of Hon. James A. Bayard,
elected by the Legislature of the Slate of Del-
aware to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
death of George R. Riddle, late a Senator
from that State; which were read; and the
oaths prescribed by law were administered to
Mr. Bayard.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I present two different
petitions from merchants of Boston, in which
they petition that a reciprocity treaty may be
made with the dominion of Canada and the
British provinces in North America. In pre-
senting these petitions I need hardly remark
that a treaty cannot be made with the Domin-
ion of Canada or with the British provinces,
but it must be made with Groat Britain. I
move the reference of these two petitions to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition signed
by C. E. Doddridge, li. D. Gardner, Joseph
L. Anderson. William H. Davis, Stephen
Kit-by, .lames M.Crockett, Napoleon B.French,
P. F. Woohvine, John \V. Hancy, John S.
Draper, John li. Dunlap, all of Pulaski
county, Virginia, and Robert C. Trigg, of
-Christiansburg, Virginia, praying to be relieved
from political disabilities ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of William Henderson, praying compensation
for mules and horses furnished to the Govern-
ment of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of John Oley
Taylor, of Lynchburg, Campbell county, Vir-
ginia, for the removal of political disabilities;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
James W. Davis, praying the removal of the
political disabilities imposed on him by Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the memorial of
G. T. Beauregard, president of the New Or-
leans, Jackson, and Great Northern Railroad
Company, remonstrating against any further
increase of duty on imported iron and st.eel;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am charged with a pe-
tition from settlers upon some public lands in the
State of Kansas, in which they represent that
under a treaty made with the Groat and Little
Osage Indians, signed on the 29th September,
1855, and ratified January, 1807, they were
settlers upon this land, and they ask that the
rights of homestead settlers may be extended
to them; and further, in the event that that
cannot be done, they ask that they may have
the right to buy their lands at SI 25 per acre,
with a reasonable time to make payment. I
am glad to present this petition, and coincide
with the objects of it; and I ask that it may have
special attention from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to that committee.
Mr. POMEROY presented petitions from
citizens of New York, New Hampshire, and
Florida, praying that in any change or amend-
ment of the Constitution Congress may pro-
pose to extend or regulate suffrage there shall
be no distinction made between men and
women; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the memorial of
William Dixon, N. K. Browne, and James R.
O'Beirne, a committee of the Provident Aid
Society of the District of Columbia, represent-
ing the existence of great destitution among
the poor of the District, and praying that Con-
gress will make an appropriation to aid in their
relief. I move that'the memorial be referred
to the Committee on the District oi Columbia.
The motion was agreed lo.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a very brief
petition which 1 desire to have printed ; and if
there is no objection I wish to have it read, as
that will take less time than it will to state it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the paper will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The undersigned bos? leave to represent to your
honorable body that under tbo existing tariff a high
duty is imposed on many foreign drills and medi-
cines m daily and emmon use by the American peo-
ple—articles which do not come in competition with
any of our domestic products, inasmuch as they aro
not the growth or production of our own country ;
that in some instances this duty amounts to more
than ono hundred and fifty per cent., thus imposing
a heavy burden upou tho sick as wcli as an onerous
tax on country medical practitioners, who aro often
obliged to furnish tho sielt poor with medicines for
which they aro unable to pay. Moreover, none of
these articles can bo regarded as luxuries or in any
other aspect, than necessary agents in tho ordinary
treatment of disease, a condition which renders its sub-
jects helpless and wholly unable to sustain the ordin-
ary expenses of living. Besides, it is to be noticed that
owing to the prices of these medicines they aro very
extensively and generally adulterated, so that it is
very difficult to obtain them in a pure and genuine
state, while tho cost, as above stated, places them
beyond the roach of tho pooror classes."
Mr. CONKLING. _ I do not ask to have the
enumeration of medicines read; but I have
ventured to have so much of this petition read
in the hope of attracting the attention of the
Senate to what I believe to be a subject de-
manding attention. The petition is signed by
a largo number of medical professors and
physicians throughout the country. They do
not ask that opium be put, on the free list, but
simply that a list of cheap and indispensable
crude drugs, which are not and cannot be pro-
duced in this country, shall be. I move that
the petition bo referred to the Committee on
Finance, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I have another petition,
not so palpably healing, perhaps, m its nature.
It is tho petition of Mrs. M. E. G. Gage and
four hundred other women, of the county of
Onondaga, New York, asking woman suffrage.
I have not been sele.ctod, Mr. President, as the
medium to bear this communication to the
Senate because I champion the legislation
which it proposes. 1 think it has been sent to
me rather beeausc the honorable Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomkrov] has been undeservedly,
and ] thmk invidiously, decorated and favored
of late by his countrywomen. He has received
so many of these petitions that he seems to
think that he receives t.hem as a matter of right,
and presents them here, I notice, with a formal
dispatch and coldness which was not altogether
to have been expected from him.
Now, sir, avoiding the indifferent manner in
which some of these presentations have been
met, I beg to submit one remark, and that is
this: that those who deem intelligence a test
of the right to vote ought to look with respect
upon this movement. The agitation has re-
ceived some advantages no doubt from argu-
ments coming from men; but it has been
mainly sustained by the pens and by the tongues
of women, who have shown a faculty and stead-
iness of discussion which certainly put them
beyond danger wherever intelligence is to be
taken as the criterion. I only hope, sir, that
they will be able to revive and sustain the flag-
ging energies of their co laborers and advo-
cates among men, one of whom I cannot claim
to bo. 1 move that the petition be referred to
the appropriate committee.
The PRES1DEN V pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only say a word in
reply to the Senator from New York. I trust
if any persons want their petitions presented
with a llourish of trumpets they will send them
to him. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will in-
dulge me, I beg to say that that is the most
cogent remark I ever knew him to make in
connection with this subject. [Laughter.]
western military claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred House joint
resolution No. 404, have directed me to report
it back with an amendment, and I ask the Sen-
ate to consider it at this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it?
